HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 8, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER.:

SIR: The general commanding the district directs me to say to you that it is probable that two companies of infantry and four of cavalry will winter at Fort Walla Walla next winter, and in view of which he directs that you instruct your quartermaster and commissary to make arrangements accordingly for the supply of fuel, forage, and subsistence for that force. If you think it advisable for any portion of the fuel and forage to be supplied by contract, the acting assistant quartermaster at your post should at once invite proposals.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. HUGHES,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 8, 1862.

W. H. RECTOR,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: Will you please give me any information contained in your office as to what Snake Indians were the murderers of the emigrants near Fort Boise in the autumn of 1860. I desire to instruct the commanding officer of the expedition which will soon leave Fort Walla Walla for the emigrant road for the protection of the emigrants to embrace any opportunity which may occur to apprehend those murders if their identity can be established. Are you or your neighbors able to inform me where information on the subject can be obtained? If you know of any of that emigrant party who would be a suitable person to be employed in that capacity, I would endeavor to secure his services to accompany said expedition-or, preferably, any one having the most reliable information on the subject. I shall cause inquiries to be made at or near Fort Walla Walla, but apprehend difficulty in obtaining such information as I want.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 9, 1862.

Captain THOMAS L. ROBERTS,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Tucson:

The general commanding the Column from California directs that of the force placed under your command by Special Orders, Numbers 28, from these headquarters, you will leave Lieutenant MacGowan and ten men of Company H, First Infantry California Volunteers, and three firstrate cavalry soldiers at the crossing of the San Pedro to guard some forage which the quartermaster will send to that point. You will see that these men are provided with rations to the 14th of August, and the quantity of ammunition stipulated in your orders. With the remainder of your command you will move on to the San Simon Station, east of the Apache Pass. At that point you will make an intrenched camp, if possible, near the mail station, and there await further orders. You are sent to guard certain supplies for the First Cavalry California Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre, who are expected shortly to return

