
[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, October 3, 1864.

His Excellency J. DUANE DOTY,

Governor of Utah, Great Salt Lake City:

SIR: I telegraphed for and have received authority to raise, to the extent the circumstances of the service may require, certain forces in the several States and Territories of this department. The Governors of California and Oregon joined with me in the application for the quota arbitrarily established for their respective States, but you were too far off to be consulted at the time, and I therefore asked in advance of doing so for authority to raise not to exceed four companies from Utah, in case they should be necessary. I have supposed it might become expedient and that it might be possible to raise that number in addition to the recruits the forces now there might be able to make in the Territory among its loyal inhabitants. Under the authority, therefore, given to that effect from the War Department, I have the honor to request that you will, in connection with the provost-marshal-general's department, raise by voluntary enlistment for the service of the United States four companies of infantry, to be mustered into service at Great Salt Lake City, or such other points as may be determined upon and shall be most convenient. As the U. S. forces in Utah are simply for the protection of the overland communications and the keeping the peace between the whites and Indians and maintaining the authority of the United States, and have no special reference to the Mormons, I have supposed the raising of these companies, if practicable to do so, would meet with no opposition from that community. Will you please write me fully on this question? If the companies can be raised I need hardly say it is of great importance that the officers to command them and the battalion should be men not only of character and education and judgment, but of unquestionable loyalty to the United States. The acting assistant provost-marshal, Brigadier-General Mason, will confer with you concerning the details of this duty, and Brigadier-General Connor, commanding District of Utah, will aid you in every way within his power to get these companies into the service at the earliest day practicable, so as to meet in part the deficiencies arising from the muster out of the principal part of the forces under his command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 47. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 3, 1864.

I. Company E, Sixth Infantry California Voluntees, Lieutenant Taylor commanding, will proceed as soon as practicable to Fort Humboldt, Cal., there to await the arrival of the steamer for San Francisco, Cal.

* * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

