
OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

San Francisco, Cal., October 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I arrived home yesterday, but in such a badly damaged condition by being thrown from a horse as to prevent my calling upon the commanding general pergaps for some weeks. I regret this exceedingly, as I have some business of importance to confer with him about. I am prepared now to reliefe the military authorities from the care and subsistence of the Indian prisoners at Humboldt Bay, providing arrangements can be made for their transportation to two different points, as there are two classes of Indians. For reasons ehich I will fully explain at my first interview with the general, it is of the utmost importance that Captain Douglas, Fort Wright, should be re-enforced by a detachment of cavalry at the earliest practicable day. The interests of the Government and service both rendre his re-enforcement necessary. If the commanding general could spare an hour of his valuable time to call on me at my residence, 638 Howard street, I could explain matters to him and so arrange affairs pertaining to the Indian service in the northern portion of the State as to leave but little for him to look afteeer through the coming winter. Captain Hoyt will come with him if he finds time. If not, please let me know and I will correspond with him concerning the removal of the Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN WILEY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, California.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 48. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 4, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Thomas Middleton, Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteeers, with twenty men of same company, will settlement in Trinity County and bring them to Fort Humboldt as prisoners of war, using all the dispatch possible with successful acomplishment of the work.

* * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountainees, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 125. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 4, 1864.

I. Company E, First Oregon Cavalry, commanded by Captain G. B. Currey, on reaching Fort Walla Walla will repair to Fort Dalles, Oreg. Csaptain Currey will obtain at Fort Walla Walla such clothing for his men as they may need and which the quartermaster's department at that place can furnish.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvo d:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

