
SALEM, OREG., October 5, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

DEAR GENERAL: Inclosed you will please find a letter from Mr. Gilmore. He has been a member of the Legislature and is a reliable man. I have received other letters from the same section-Canyon City-expressing fears of an outbreak on election day. I do not feel like making any recommendation in the premises, but think I ought to let you know what I hear in relation to these matters. There is considerable talk of passing a law giving $150 bounty for recruits, but when they consider that it will run the State in debt $150,000 to raise 1,000 men it seems to make them hesitate, and I can't tell what will be done; I fear nothing. If a call is made for more men I hope it will be made before the adjournment, so that the question will be fairly presented. Owing to the fair, business has progressed slowly. The "review" here was a decided success, old Thornton and the Copperheads surrounded the stand; none other voted for them, and they do not express the sentiment of the officers nor a majority of the persons present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GIBBS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] PORTLAND, October 3, 1864.

Governor GIBBS:

DEAR SIR: When I was at Canyon City, about the 20th of August, I attended the council meeting, at which I learned that there were serious appregensions among Union men there that if they should insist on the enforcement of the election law there would be danger of a serious difficulty. There are many disunionists and violent Copperheads that should be made to take the oath prescribed in the election law or kept from voting, as they are, without doubt, enemies to the country-which the Union men think would not be safe to undertake hood about election time, which they suppose you could cause to be done without creating a great deal of alarm or ill-feeling among the Coppers of that part of the country. I promised them to see you and have a personal interview on the subject, but have not had the opportunity, so I expect to leave on this morning's boat for Canyon City, and as the friends will be anxious to hear from me, I hope you will write me immediately on receipt of this and send it to Canyon City, and it will reach there perhaps by the time I get there.

I understand you have received their communication, which I have no doubt you have responded to before now. They wish also to have some good speaker or speakers sent up before the election, which subject I promised to lay before the grand council, but there has been no meeting of that body since my return, without it was on the first evening of my returrn, at which I could not attend, having found one of my family very sick on my return. They were very desirous to establish two subordinate councils in the neighborhood, but I think it is too late to accomplish much now, but I hope you will be able to send the boys around that way about the 1st of November, and send some good speakers that way before the election, as the Coppers had it all their own way before the June election. I shall leave this letter at Portland, in hopes

