
you will get it in a day or two, but if you should not get it by the 6th you need write, as it will be too late, but I hope you will write to some one else there.

Yours, in haste,

S. M. GILMORE.

P. S. -The people are very anxious to have a county organized in that country.

S. M. G.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. -Copy of the "resolutions" above referred to.]

The following resulutions have been handed us for publication:

Resolved by the members of the Oregon State Agricultural Society, in mass meeting assembled, on the State Fair Grounds, September 29, 1864,

That the board of managers are instructed that they do not, during this fair, or at any fair to be held hereafter, either invite or permit any military comapany to come within the inclosure of the fair grounds during the time of an annual fair, a painful experience having convinced us that military parades very mateially intefere with the only legitimate object of a fair. (2) That there can be no reasonable objection to the use of our grounds being tendered to volunteer companies for the purposes of an encampment and for military training, at any other time than during the fair. (3) That a copy of these resolutions be sent to Brigadier General Stephen Coffin, requesting that he will immediately withdraw the roops from our grounds. (4) That a copy of these resolutions be published in the papers of the State, and also in the pamphlet edition of the printed proceedings of this fair.

J. QUINN THORNTON,

President.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 5, 1864.

Captain J. M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanidng Expedition in the Field:

(Via Fort Dalles, Oreg.)

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the district to acknowledge the reception of your various reports of scouts made during the last month, and to say that he approves your action in these matters, and is highly pleased with the energy and activity with which your explorations have been pushed in that country during the summer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SACRAMENTO, October 6, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

San Francisco:

I telegraphed at 10 last night to Governor Nye and Major McDermit. No answer at this hour. Telegraph from Major McDermit at 10 last night says: "Captain Wells' cavalry company will be in Virginia City by daylight to-morrow. "

10. 25 A. M. _Governor Nye telegraphs me from Virginia City and says there is apprehension of difficulty. He will attend to it in person and advise me in case of danger.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

