
VIRGINIA, October 6, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I have been on guard all night. The peace of the community shall be preserved. The troops have arrived from the fort. I will take command of the forces myself. I want the troops to remain until this trouble is over. I will keep you advised and will see you at San Francisco within four days.

JAMES W. NYE,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 127. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 6, 1864.

I. On the arrival of Captain Drake's command at Fort Dalles, Company D, First Oregon Cavalry, will proceed by water to Fort Vancouver.

* * *

By ordered of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

San Francisco, Cal., October 7, 1864.

Captain F. HAVEN,

Aide-de-Camp, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: Your note of 5th instant, informing me that Major-General McDowel desired my opinion as to the probabilities of Indian hostilities in the Humboldt Military District, reached me late this afternoon. In reply I have to state that at no time within the past five years have the prospects for a permanent peace in that district been so flattering as at present. In Humboldt Country, which has been the principal had been done, I feel sanguine that there is no fear to be apprehended of an outbreak during the coming winter, unlesss it be precipitated by white men or occasioned by a want of food among the Hoopa and Redwood Indians. I feel satisfied that Colonel Whopple will judiciously guard the former, while I shall do my best to prevent the latter emergency. It is asserted, and confidently believed, that, in the vicinity of mattole, Bear River, Yager Creek, Mad River, Redwood, Grouse Creek, South Fork of Trinity, and other portions of Humboldt which have suffered fearfully in years gone by, there are now but few if any Indians left. The Redwoods, which have been the most bloodthirsty of all, are now in Hoopa Valley, and surrendered their guns to me at the same time and under the same conditions as the Hoopas. If Government confirms myu action iin the location of a reservation at Hoopa I believe that I can keep those Indians queiit, but owint to their close proximity to the Klamaths it will be necessary to keep as strong a military force there as the nature of the case will require and the good of the service admiit. There iis in my judgment scarcely any danger to be appregended from other Indians than those with whom I recently made a treaty, and they, having surrendered their arms, will not be in a condition to take to the mountains during the coming winter. Moreover, they have been in such a state of excitement all summer that they have laid in no winter food; the mountains have all been burned over; there are but few acorns, no fish dams to catch salmon, but

