
little stock inon which they could prey, and chances generally for living in the mountains next winter are bad. If they remain, as Ii think they will, peaceable through the winter, I will endeavor to raise enough for them to eat next summer, unless prevented by some blunder on the part of my superiors, which is alvays likely to which are now presented, it must be borne in mind that should an outbreak occur the nature of the country is such that a very small band of tance could be brought to bear upon them. It mus also be borne in mind that to such a fearful extent have the people of Humboldt suffered, that the population is sorely depleted and the means for self-defense far short of what they should be to compete with so desperate a foe as those Indians have proven themselves to be.

Trusting and believing that we shall have no more Indian massacres in that district, I remain, yours, very respectfully,

AUSTIN WILEY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, California.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 8, 1864.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Fort Boise, Idaho Ter.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the district to acknowledge the reception of your communication of the 28th ultimo, and to say in reply the general is much gratified at the valuable and efficiient services performed by Lieutenants Hobart and West. Your letter containing a request that Company G be sent to Fort Boise was receive. The power of granting this was placed beyond the control of who ordered Captain Small with his company to the Canyon City road to hut themselves for the winter. General Orders, Numbers 44, current tered out at Fort Vancouver whose time expires in this district. The detachment of Company A will have to come to this post to be mustered out, and the order from this office bringing it to Fort Walla is but sending it a stage on its road.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, October 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In compliance with your indorsement October 5, 1864, on the communication of Major-General Halleck August 11, 1864, and addressed to Major-General McDowell, commanding Department of the Pacific, I have the honor to report that during all the period of Captain Winder's command of Alcatraz Island I had never a doubt of his reliability as a faithful officer. In the summer of 1862 there was considerable talk in the city of San Francisco in relation to Captain Winder, growing out of the fact, I apprehend, that the captain's father was

