
follows: The person wishing to enter gives one dissstinct rap. Q. "Who is there?" A. "Friend. " Q. "Have you the password?" A. "I have. " Q. "Give it. " A. "Andalusia. " Addition by new instructions: To enter a military or other camp of the order, to the usual hail of "Who goes there?" A. "I. " Q. "Where are you going?" A. "I am going home. " Q. "Where is your home?" A. "Home in Dixie. " This will admit to any of their camps either here or in the Confederate Army. If a fifty-seventh is in trouble and desires to find a brother of that degree, he will clasp his hands together, bring them up to his chin and lower them down again, walking and repeating the sign until he is noticed by a brother. I may add that at the approaching election there is to be a lieutenant in each election precinct who may call as many assistants as he wants to keep order and assert the rights of the party. The word to bring them to the rescue will be "Santa Maria. " After dark the signal will be made by clapping the hands thus: Two claps, a pause; two claps, a pause; then two calps-that is, three couplets of claps of the hands.

I am, very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

ROPERT ROBINSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

FORT VANCOUVER, WASH. TER., October 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

The Oregon Legislature adjourns on the 22nd instant. If a call is made from Oregon it should be at once, as it will stimulate the passage of bounties. The Governor writes to that effect. I recommend a call to complete First Oregon Cavalry, also for four companies of infantry.

See my letter of 11th of July.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., Numbers 79. Near Grat Salt Lake City, October 11, 1864.

I. Major John M. O'Neill, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Fort Bridger, Utah Ter., and relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, Fiirst Battalion Nevada Cavalry, in the command of that post.

II. Lieutenant-Colonel Williams will, upon being relieved, proceed to Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., and report to the commanding officer for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERES, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 53. Fort Humboldt, Cal., Octobere 11, 1864.

Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 204, Department of the Pacific, of date September 22, 1864, Captain M. O'Brien, with Company C, Second

64 R R-VOL L, PT II

