
Infantry California Volunteers (excepting the acting assistant quarteermasteer and four re-enlisted men, who will remain at Camp Lincoln in charge of the Government property until further orders), will proceed by steamer Panama to and take post at the Presidio of San Francisco.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 11, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have heard from various sources, among others from Colonel McCraken, of Portland, that that assemblage of the military oa your State at the State faiir last month was exceedingly creditable and encouraging. I have been very much gratified to hear of it, as it is very auspicious for the future and a mater of vital importance to Oregon. No man can say how soon they may not be called upon to defend all that we hold dear. If by surprising good fortune and the blessings of Divine Providence we shall escape dcomestic convulsions, there is still susfficient reason to suppose that we may be plunged into foreign war growing out of events now in progress. It was thus pleasing to me to hear General Coffin say that the number paraded at the next State fair would double those recently mustered at Salem. I received your kind invitation, as also your polite telegram, asking me to accompany you to Salem. I should have been much gratified no doubt to have been present. I should perhaps earleir have acknowledged your courtesy in the invitation. I had previous to getting it written you a note expressing my regret at not being able to attend. I had a great deal of business on my hands accumulated by a previous absence with General McDowell to the mouth of the river. But if I had not a year ago attended your gathering and evinced my deep sympathy and interest in the undertaking I should doubtless have gone to this last gratitude fro your harty, unspering, and persevering efforts to stimulate the military spirit of the people, and you are certainly entitled to my acknowledgment of the same.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORDD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,Virginia City, October 13, 1864.

His Excellency JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Terrritory:

SIR: I have the honor to acquaint you that I have received authority from the War Department to call on you, from time to time, as the circumstances of the service may require, fro, no to exceed in all at any one time, one regiment of volunteer infantry and one regiment of volunteer cavalry, to be musteed into the service of the United States as other volunteer regiments under existing laws and regulations. Under this authority I have to request you will please raise as soon as possible enough companies of infantry to complete, with those already

