
in service from Nevada, a full regiment of infantry. Brigadier-General Mason will confer with you, and give all the information necessary as to details for this service.

I have the honor to be, Goverrnor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah, near Great Salt Lake City, October 14, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

(Through Major General Irvi McDowell, commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.)

GENERAL: I have the honor to ask from the honorable Secretary of War leave of absence from my district for sixty days in order to enable ring this request at this time I beg leave respectfully to represent that I have since my manhood been nine years in the military service of the United States, for the last two years stationed in this district, and during all that time have not received a leave of absence from my post of duty. I deem it proper also to add that the policy iinaugurated by me in the conduct of affairs in this diistriict has worked so beneficially and its results are now so apparent, that I am satisfied that the grantservice. Since my advent to this Territory it is the first time when I could reconcile my convictions of duty with a prolonged absence from the ddistricit. But I now feel assured that for the time mentioned as the period of my absence no danger can reasobably be apprehended from the hostility of Indians or the machinations of the foes of the government of utah. Hence the foregoing request is prefered with the hope that it may be granted.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District of Utah.

SPECIAL ORDERES, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 55. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 14, 1864.

* * *

2. Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 204, Department of the Pacific, of date September 22 ultimo, the regimental headquarters and Companies E and G, of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will embark on steamer Panama and proceed to and take post at Benicia Barracks.

3. Upon the departure of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers the lieutenant-colonel commanidng takes pleasure in alluding to the general good conduct of the officers and men while serving in this district. Their correct deportment, obedience of orders, and activity in the field have been highly praiseworthy.

* * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

