SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 225. San Francisco, Cal., October 15, 1864.

1. In obedience to instructions from the War Department, Liieut. Colonel C. C. Sibley, Ninth Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty in this department, and will repair to New York City and report by letteer to the Adjutant-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, October 15, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: I telegraphed to you asking your opinion as to whethere or not our militia law ought to be repealed, not for the reason that I was not satisfied as to your opinion in relation to it, but for the purpose of showing it to a few members of opposed to the lew, and some Union men, Honorable B. F. Harding, one of our U. S. Senators, among the number. The argument used by the latter was that the powers and duties of the provost-marshal were such as to supersede the necessity of a militia law. All bosh, of course, but some did not know any better. I have shown the doubtful your telegram, and a letter from General Alvord, and they are perfectly satisfied now; and our militia organization is safe for two years to come at least. Some important amendments will be made, making the law more efficient. Eleven companies were out at our State fair and masses. I could organize a number more companiies if we had arms. We now have sixteen companies, but no more arms, and our military funds are not sufficient to allow of the purchase of any more at present. Four of our companies of cavalry have no arms excepting sabers. I hope you will order General Alvord to loan the State arms from the arsenal at Vancouver in case of danger here; also, I should be glad to obtain muskets to arm four or five companies of infantry. Of course the State would be responsible for the care and return of them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, Oreg., October 15, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: There are two or there thousand stand of arms in the arsenal at Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter. If a small part of them can be loanded to this State until the war is over I can have them placed in the hands of Union men who are members of independent companies of the organized militia of this State. There are four organized cavalry companies, but the saber is the only arm its members have. I therefore urgently recommend, if it can be done, first, that General Alvord be clothed with authority to loan this State arms for four or five companies,

