
at his discretion, to be used by members of independent companies of the organized militia of this State; second, that if general authority can not be given, that, in case of danger or outbrak, he be allowed to make such loan. I have been informed that the Government has to some extent armed militia companies in Californiia, but whether by special act or by authority vested in the commander of this department, Ii am not adviised. While there are rumors that bloodshed may be expected on election day at some poiints if the votes of immigrants are challenged, I see no iimmediate cause for the apprehension of danger, but I should like to be prepared for the worst while I am hoping for the best.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

[OCTOBER 15, 1864. -For Holliday to Stanton, recommending assignment of Connor to duty of suppressing Indiian depredations between Salt Lake City and Fort Kearny, see Vol. XLI, Part III, p. 903.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General CONNOR,

Salt Lake City:

Give all the protection in your power to overland route between you and Fort Kearny, without regard to department lines. General Curtis' forces have been diverted by rebel raids from Arkansas.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BEAR VALLEY, MARIPOSA COUNTY, CAL., October 17, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters District of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report since my last that I have visited Mariposa and Coulterville. I find everyithing quiet in and around those places at present. The arriival of troops in this valley has had a very good effect in quieting the outspoken treason that has been indulged in for some fime past. Still, there is a strong undercurrent at work which only needs an occasion or excuse to bring out. The excitement a few weeks ago shows their feeliings and disposition. it is estimated that there were 150 in that raid. They patrolled the town for two for two nights. The newspaper reports were true in most respects. But as it has turned out a hoax, gotten up by the editor of the Mariposa Press and his friends, they have lost influence with the disloyal class, as they are not disposed to be humbugged. I don't think now there iis any danger of an outbreak dudriing the coming election; still there are strong threats made that if McClellan is defeated in this State they will start a guerrilla warfare. I am confident that a large number of ams have been brought into this and adjoining countties, but as to their place of deposit up to the present time I have been bunable to find any clew. I learn that they have been removed wiithin the past four weeks. I now have a party out trying to find some trace of them. A portion of them I think have been distributed and in the

