
hands of disloyal persons, such as shotguns, rifles, and pistols. Coulteerville I find, as a general thiing, loyal. Lieutenant Smith is meeting with very good success. Has now thirty-five men enrolled; has recruiting parties at Coulterville, Bear Valley, and Mariposa. The loyal people here appear to feel the necessity of raising a company for theirr own protection. mr. Olmstead, superintendent, has made a request that I should furnish a guard to escort his bullion out of the valley, as some threats have been made of robbing it on its way out. I have promised to furnish it unless otherwise ordered. My command is all in good condition. Have found so far no trouble in getting sufficient forage, but have to pay a high price, as it is brought some forty miles from here; none raised in this valley.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

AUGUSTUS W. STARR,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SALT LAKE, UTAH, Octobere 17, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

To render efficiient the protection required, the troops between Salt Lake and Kearny, inclusive, should be subject to my orders, irrespective of department lines. Do I understand your telegram to mean that I will take from here two cavalry companiies but may require otherres now on the eastern road?

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP DOUGLAS, UTAH TER., October 17, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just received the following telegram from Washiington: *

With the general commanding's permission I will send two companies Second Cavalry down the road. Only 200 men of Second Cavalry in this district. Would reccommend that they be consolidated into two companieis, and the officers of H and K sent to California, and [sic] of it to Salt Lake to recruit; or K could be recruited in Montana.

P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 56. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 17, 1864.

* * *

3. Captain Thomas Buckley, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Benicia Barracks in command of Companies E and G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers.

* * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assiistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Halleck to Connor, October 16, p. 1013.

---------------

