
WASHINGTON, October 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General CONNOR,

Salt Lake City:

Order not intended to transfer troops or change commands, except where parts of different commands act together, when ranking officer takes general command temporarily, as provided in Army Regulations.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Department Orders, Numbers 204, Company C, of the Second Infantry Californiai Volunteers, and Companies E and G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, are embarked on the steamer Panama for the Presidio of San Francisco and Benicia Barracks. It is supposed that Company D, of the Second, will also embark at MendociNumbers As the above companies are as many as can be transported by the Panama at one trip with anything like comfort, and as the departure of so many troops from this district at one time leaves me without an available force at this post, I have detained Company C, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, until the pleasure of the department commander may be known. As the several companies of the Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, are dispersed on different service, it has been impossible to concentrate them at all the points which the public service requires to be occupied. With every desire to forward the intention of the general commanding to concentrate a force near San Francisco, I still feel it my duty to respectfully, but earnestly, urge that one company of infantry remain in this military district in addition to the Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers. Should this request be granted, Company A, Battalion Native California Volunteers, could be spared from the dcistrict, but except for escort service the cavalry company is no material increase to the force under my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanidng Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRIICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 18, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I feel that it is very important for the public service, as I have continually represented to you for a long time, that the Legislature of Oregon should pass a law giving bounty to volunteers. Every State has passed such law. The inadequacy of the pay is especially evident on this coast, where the depreciation of legal-tender notes is so descouraging to volunteeriing. I fear that with all the bounties offered

