
few volunteers will be obtained. Thus the State would have little likelihood of having any very large amount to raise. I should regret if the Legislature should adjourn whithout such action. For the defense of the frontiier against the Indians it is necessary that the present military force in the Distriict of Oregon should be maintained. I have been compelledc to reduce Forts Colville and Lapwai to one company each, which is too small a force. The first Oregon Cavalry has performed the past summer efficient and admirable service in that part of Oregon south of the Columbia River and east of the Cascace Mountains. Traversed in every direction by thousands of miners last summer, the presence and activity of the troops in that region have been of the utmost importance in protecting the road against the Snake Indians. Under exiisting circumstances to keep even this small force in existence, which is really inadequate to the service, I do not see how the iimposiition of the draft can be avoided. I wrote to that effect on the 11th of July to my superiors iin command, and see no reason now to alter my judgment in the case. I doubt not a call will soon be made upon your State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 19, 1864.

AUSTIN WILEY, Esq.,

Superintendent of Indian Affaiirs:

SIR: Frequent applications are made to the major-general commanding for the establushment of a military force in the vicinity of Owen's Lake by persons residing or having interest in the country drained by the Owen's River. The general desires you to iinform hiim relative to the condition and present disposition of the Indians in the vicinity referred to at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 228. San Francisco, Cal., October 19, 1864.

* * *

2. Major Milo George, Nevada Territory volunteers, with the company of cavalry at Fort Churchill, will proceed to encamp for the winter at the point selected by him in the vicinity of Carson City. The major will take from Fort Churchill the necessary paulins for protecting Government stores, implements for getting out timber, and two hospital tents.

3. Captain Alexander N. Runyon, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, will report without delay at the point above indicated to major George, under whose orders he will act. The quartermaster's department will furnish such additional implements as may be absolutely required for comfortably hutting the command of two companies of cavalry.

* * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

