SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 58. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 19, 1864.

* * *

2. Captain Robert Baird, of Company F, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, will proceed with his company to Camp Lincoln, near Crescent City, and take command of that post, receipting for all Government property and funds pertaining to that post now in the hands of Second Lieutenant Louis S. Lohse, Second Infantry California Volunteers. The acting assistant quartemaster at Fort Gaston will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE INDIIAN AFFAIRS,

San Francisco, October 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication relative to the condition and present disposition of the Indidans of Owen's River Valley, and likewise petition of citizens there for the establishment of a military post, are before me. Not having had an opportuniity to visit that section I am unable to speak correctly of the condition of the Indians or the nature of the grounds upon which the supposed hostilities on the part of the Indians, does not set forth that a scarcity of subsistence is among the causes likely to bring about a collision. You are doubtless aware that in an isolated district like Owen's River Valley, where there are any number of Indians, imaginary dangers are often magnified into real, and thus the Indians themselves become exciited and likely to become troublesome. I am not prepared to say, however, that there is no occasion for alarm in that viciniity, and as there is, in my opiniion, no occasion to fear serious trouble from Indians iin any other portion of the State the ensuiing wiinter, I think it would be well, if not inconsistent with the good of the service, to establish a military post there, with a small detachment of cavalry. In the meantime, as I informed the general yesterday afternoon, I will take steps to ascertain the tue condition of the Indians there as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN WILEY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, California.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

SOUTHERN DISTRIICT OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, Cal., October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General of California and Nevada:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Gustav Brown, detective officer for the Southern District of California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. JONES JACKSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Southern Distriict of California.

