
as acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Jeremiah Phelan, First Infantry California Volunteers, as ordnance officer, and Surg. John H. Prentiss, First Cavalry California Volunteers, as medical purveyour of the district.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

V. Due vigilance will be exercised to guard against surprise, and all troops must be kept prepared to meet the enemy promptly. Commanding officers must see that their commands are in readiness to take the field at a moment's warning.

VI. The undersigned deems this a proper occasion to warmly commend the very excellent conduct of the troops stationed on the Rio Grande within this district. He feels and knows that by their patient discipline, exemplary private conduct, and the zeal manifested to perfect themselves as accomplished soldiers they are qualifying themselves for more important services and earning the right to be advanced nearer to the heart of the rebellion. And to still further improvement let the efforts of every officer and soldier in the district tend.

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 5, 1862.

Colonel CONNOR, or

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Ruby Valley:

Colonel Pollock will repair to Stockton immediately and assume command of troops there.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DIVISION, HUMBOLDT MIL. DIST.,Fort Gaston, September 5, 1862.

Lieutenant SWASEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state to the colonel commanding that recent information received from Hoopa Indians makes it probable that an armed band of the Redwoods is now in the vicinity of the Three Creeks, said to number twenty-five or thirty bucks, their squaws being with them. It is thought this is the remnant of the band recently attacked by the party from Arcata, and that they have brought their wounded with them. As it is probable they will remain for some days in that section of the country, and it is desirable to close as far as possible the avenues of escape, I have thought it the most prudent course to delay advancing directly upon the supposed locality until the detachments dispatches to intercept the retreat should have time to reach their proper positions. I inclose for the information of the colonel commanding a copy of the order issued. In pursuance of this order Lieutenant Noyes left this post this morning with the number of men of Company F requisite to organize the detachment which is to move to-morrow from Fort Anderson to the head of Redwood Creek. For

