
STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, October 20, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: I this day received a telegram from General McDowell, of which the following is a copy, to wit:

Governor A. C. GIBBS,

Salem:

I have the honor to request, under special authority granted to that effect from the War Department, that a regiment of iinfantry be raised in the State of Oregon as soon as possible.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

I desire to move in this matter at once and to do all in my power to raise the regiment. The Legislature is still in session. There has not been a general disposition to offer bounties, but as this call has been made I think the bill giving bounties will pass. I shall send in a special message in the morniing strongly urging its passage. I intend to go to Vancouver on Wednesday and see you. In the meantime I think I shall issue a proclamation, but I do not know as I have the data here to be able to state how much bounty is paid by the Genereal Government. If recruiting offices can be opened in the principal towns and the men kept at such places until the companies are filled, we will have much better success in raising men. In this opinion I am very decided. The recruits should be clothed and have music. I shall expect full iinstructions when I see you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

P. S. -Can I have Lieutenant Waymire?

SPECIAL MESSAGE.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, October 20, 1864.

Gentlemen of the Senate and House of Representatives:

In my message of September 14 I called your attention to the fact that most of the membes of the First Regiment of Oregon Cavalry wouldd be entitled to a discharge in a few months; that troops to take their places are needed and must be had. Under date of October 18, Brigadier-General Alvord, commanding District of Oregon, writes to me that-

For the defense of the frontiier against Indiians it iis necessary that the present military force in the District of Oregon should be maintained. I have been compelled to reduce Forts Colville and Llapwai to one company each, which is too small a force. The First Oregon Cavalry has performed the past summer efficient and admirable service in that part of Oregon south of the Columbia River and east of the Cascade Mountains. Traversed in every direction by thousands of mimers the last summer, the presence and activiity of the troops have been of the utmost imprtance in protecting that region against the Snake Iindiians.

It has been found that this small force has been inadequate, and, in spite of it, depredations have been committed, particularly on the road leading from The Dalles to Boise viai Canyon City.

To induce the filling up of Captain Olney's company, which was mustered into the service for four months, the patriotic citizens of Dalles

