
City contrubited largely from their private means. No well-informed man can truthfully say that troops are not needed "iin the upper country," to say nothing of the necessity of having an adequate force to keep in check those who are disiposed to bid defiance to the law and the authority of the Government. Heretofore but a small part of the quota due from Oregon has been called for. At least two regiments are due from this State.

I have this day been called upon by Major General Irvin McDowell, commanding Department of the Pacificc, acting under authority of the War Department, for a regiment of infantry, consiisting of 1,000 men, to be mustered into the service for three years, unless sooner discharged. This call is made for our own protection. None have been heretofore required to go east of the Rocky Mountains and none will be hereafter. Were the facts otherwiise the call would have to be obeyed and the troops furnished. Troops may be raised in this State or elsewhere by volunteering or by draft. The latter is a just and proper method to be used when enough volunteers cannot be othrwiise obtained, and is one to which enlightened nations not unfrequently resort. While this is so, when we take into consideration the small pay receiived by soldiers and the fact that their services are for the benefit of all interested in the present and future welfare of this country, I think we ought to give volunteers a liberal bounty and raise the regiment in that way. Suppose the avenues of trade are closed up by Indian highwaymen east of the Cascade Mountains, the property holders will be the greatest losers. Suppose those who are in favor of a Pacific republic or desire to unite the fortunes of the Pacific Coast with the Southern Confederacy should, for want of troops, light the torch of the incendiiary and inaugurate civil strife, the tax-payers will be among the fiirst and greatest losers.

General Alvord, in the letter before referred to, says: "I feel that it iis very important for the public service, as I have continually represented to you for a long time, that the Legislature of Oregon should pass a law giving bounty to volunteers. Every State has passed such laws. " Some States give bounties and additional pay. I therefore urgently recommend that a law be passed giving bounties to such volunteers as have been or may hereafter be called for; tthat one-third thereof be paid at the time of enlistment, one-third in eighteen months, and the balance at the end of three years. To provide a fund for that purpose, I recommend that State bonds be prepared, payable at some future time, say ten years, with semi-annual interest; that the State treasurer be authorized to dispose of the same under proper rules and restructions. To bring these bonds within the reach of volunteers who may wish to receive bonds intead of money, so as to secure the inteest and have good security, some of them ought to be issued of as low denomination as $50, with coupons attached. A tax of one-half mill on the dollar will in a few years redeem these bonds.

The debt thus created and interest will be due to our own citizens, and, with the increase of population and wealth of our State, iits payment by degrees within tem years cannot be injuriously felt. I respectfully call your attention to the Senate bill now before your honorable body, which propeses some iimportant amendments to the militia law of this State, and recommend its passage. Under the present agitated condition of our country we ought not to relax our efforts to increase our force and the efficiency of the State militia. Already it is a credit to the State and a "terror to evil doers" in sympathy with the wicked

