
rebellion. A little money spent by way of prevention may save thousands of valuable lives and hundreds of thousands of property. I have communications from Generals McDowell and Alvord, in which they express a strong desire to have our militia ortanization kept up and made as efficient as possible.

ADDISON C. GIBBS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 230. San Francisco, Cal., October 22, 1864.

* * *

5. A detachment of cavalry, not to exceed ten enlisted men, will be sent, under the command of Lieutenant Robert Daley, Second Cavalry Californiia Volunteers, as an escort to the Indian agent to the Owen's Riiver Valley countrry and such other points in the vicinity as the agent may desire to visit. The detachment will remaiin with the agent until his return to Visaliia. The quartermaster's department will furnish such stores and property, in addition to that supplied by the Indian Department, as may be deemed necessary.

* * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacrament, October 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General MASON,

Actiing Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: Captaiin Cooledge's company for the Seventh Regiment is full, and the commissions for the officers are issued. Will you give instructions to Captain Robiinson and his surgeon to go to Jackson, Amador County, and muster them in. Captain Olmstead's company at this place is full, and iis the second company entitled to precedence iin muster. Captain Heninger's company at Placerville is also full, and is the third company in order for muster. It is iimportant that all these companies should remain in their respective counties until after the 8th of November. They should be clothed and armed at once. General McDowell and Colonel Drum understand the importance of keeping the men where they are and arming them. Will you please act in concert with them in the matterr, so that a perfect understanding may be had in regadr to the matter, which I deem iimportant. Will you please instruct Captain Robinson to go to Jackson, Amador County, without delay, as that company has been full and waiiting action for some days.

Yours, truly,

F. F. LOW.

P. S. -Your recommendation for first lieutenant Second Infantry will receive immediate atention.

PROCLAMATION.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECITIVE DEPARTMENT,

October 24, 1864.

Whereas, I have received a requisition from Major General Irvin McDowell, commanding the Department of the Pacific, acting under authority of

