
the War Department, for one regiment of infantry, in addition to the volunteers now in the service of the United States, to aid in the enforcement of the laws, s uppres insurrection and invasion, and to chastise hostile Indiians in this military district:

Now, therefore, I, Addison C. Gibbs, Governor of the State of Oregon and commander in chief of the militia thereof, do hereby call upon the ciitizens of this State to ortanize themselves into companies sufficient to fill the foregoing requisition.

In withness whereof Ii have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State of Oregon to be affixed.

Done at Salen this 24th day of October, A. D. 1864.

[L. S.]

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

Attest:

SAMUEL E. MAY,

Secretary of State.

The following is hereby promulgated: The plan of recruiting and organizing the above force will be as follows until further notice:

RECRUITING.

The regiment will be known as the First Infantry Oregon Volunteers. The field, staff, and liine officers wiill be commissioned by the Governor. The State will be divided into districts, according to the number of persons in each district lieble to do military duty. When such district has furnished its quota of men there will be no draft in the same under this call. Each district will furnish one company. Commissions will be issued by the Governor to company officers, conditioned that they shall recruit their respective companies and be ready to be musterred into the serviice within a time hereafter to be named. A company rendezvous will be established at some central point in each distriict, and iif precticable, all recruits will be retained there until the company is fiilled and ready to be mustered into the service. the State has proviided by law for the paymentt of a bounty of $150 in State interestbearing bonds, payable in gold, to eacch volunteer mustered into the service, in addition to the bounties authorized to be paid by the United States. (See Stat-64, p. 486.) The wages of a soldier, in addiition, are $16 per month, besides clothing, equipments, rations, and allowances, funrnished by the United States. (See Statutes 1863, p. 662.)

ORGANIZATION.

The proper organization and strength of a regiment of iinfantry iis as follows: One colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, major, 1 adjutant (an extra lieutenant), quartermaster (an extra lieutenant), 1 surgeon, 2 assistant surgeons, 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, and 1 hospital steward. Ten companies form a regiment.

COMPANY OF INFANTRY.

One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, 64 privates minimum and 82 privates maximum, besides the non-commissioned officers. Musicians may be enlisted in each company, who will be rated and paid as privates.

