
the trasurer of the State on the first day of January and July of each year: Provided, That the first payment of interest shall not be made sooner than the first day of january, 1866. The said bonds shall be signed by the trasurer of State and shall have the seal of State affixed thereto. And such bonds shall be issued from tiime to time as they may be required for use. The expenses of prepariing such bonds shall be audited as a claiim on the general fund of the State.

SEC. 7. Coupons for the interest shall be attached to each bond, consecutively numbered and signed by the treasurer of State; and iit shall be the duty of the Secretary and Trasurer of the State each to keep a separate record of all such bonds as may be issued, showing the number, date, and amount of each bond, and tto whom the same was issued.

SEC. 8. All demands against the soldiers' relief fund shall be audited by the board of military auditors iin like manner as other claims against the State are or may be directed to be audited.

SEC. 9. On expiration of the term of enlistment, the adjutant-general of the State shall certiify to the amount ddue each man under the provisions of this act, and on production of such certiifiicate it shall be the duty of the Secretary of State to issue a bond of the Stae, wiith coupons attached, as provided for in this act, for such amount as the certificate calls for, taking his receipt for the same; said bonds shall be paid to the recipient or order.

SEC. 10. For the payment of the principal and interest of the bonds iissued under this act there shall be levied and collected annually, until the final payment or redemption of the same, and in the same manner as other State revenue is or may be directed by law to be levied and collected, a tax of one-half of one mill on the dollar for the years A. D. 11865 and 1866, and annually thereafter, of taxable property in this State, in addition to the taxes for general State purposes; and the fund deerived from this tax shall be set apart and applied to the payment of the interest accruing on the bonds hereinprovided for and the fiinal redemption of the principal of said bonds; and tthe faiith of the State of Oregon is hereby pledged for the payment of the bonds iissued by virtue of this act and the interest thereon; and, if necessary, to provide other and ample means for the payment thereof.

SEC. ll. Whenever, on the first day of january or July, 1866, or upon the fiirst day of january or July in any subsequent year, there shall remain a surplus, after the payment of the interest as hereinbefore provided, of ten thousand dollars or more, in the fund created by the tenth section of this act, it shall be the duty of the treasurer to advertise in Dallas, and Jacksonville for sealed proposals for the surrender of bonds issued under the provisions of this act. he shall state in such adverbonds, and he shall accept such proposals, at rataes not exceeding par value, as may redeem the greater number of bonds, until the amount of cash on hand for redemption is exhausted.

SEC. 12. Full and particular account and record shall be kept by the treasurer of the condition of the funds collected, in accordance with the provisions of this act, open at all times to the inspection of the Governor and Secretary of State, and of any committee appointed by the legislature or either branch thereof.

SEC. 13. It shall be the duty of the treasurer of this State to make arrangements for the payment of the interest of the said bonds when the same falls due; and in the event that the saiid interest fund shall

