
the reasons which I had recently the honor to stating to the colonel commanding, I have not employed Indian guides upon this scout, and besides, for a concerted movement of this kind, white guides can more easily comprehend and assist the operation. I have not included Captain Flynn's command in this movement, because it would delay it too much to await his receipt of the order, but if the colonel commanding should think proper to direct him to scout independently up to and in the vicinity of the head of Pilot Creek, and which I understand is but one day's march from Fort Baker, it might assist in the success of the expedition. As I shall myself accompany the detachment that moves directly against the Indians, I shall leave Captain Douglas in command of this post during my absence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WESTERN ARIZONA, No. 2. Tuscon, Ariz. Ter., September 6, 1862.

It is hereby published, for the information and guidance of all whom it may concern, that the private sale by any person whatever in the military service of the United States of any public property whatsoever is prohibited by law and regulations. This prohibition extends to and includes provisions issued by the Government, the savings from which can be sold to the subsistence department only. Any citizens in this district who shall, in violation of the above prohibition, purchase or take in trade or barter from any person in the military service of the United States any article or articles of public property shall be fined $50, and in default of payment shall be confined for one month in charge of the guard, and any merchant or trader who shall so offend shall, in addition to the above penatly, be deprived of his license to trade and thereafter be denied the privilege of trading in this district. All fines collected under this order shall go to the fund for the benefit of the sick and wounded of the Column from California.

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 7, 1862.

Major J. S. RINEARSON,

Commanding Officer Camp Lapwai, near Lewiston, Idaho Ter.:

SIR: The object of this communication is again to enforce upon you the necessity of protecting the Indians from the aggressions of the whites. I am to-day informed by C. H. Hale, esq., superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington Territory, that the Nez Perce Indians have given their consent to the occupation of Lewiston and the other mining towns by the whites, but outside those towns it is especially desirable to enforce the provisions of the treaties and the United States laws intended for the protection of Indians in the Indian country. I desire you to afford to the Indian Department every assistance in your power for that purpose. In cases in which white men have squatted on the agricultural and grazing lands belonging to the reservation, contrary to the wishes of the Indians and the express prohibition of the

