
acciidents they are subject to in crossing streams, &amp;c. Others there are who are too poor to but meagerly supply themselves, and have to trust to providential circumstances against starvation before reaching their promised land. Such unfortunates as any of these should not be turned away wiithout succor form the postss at which they appeal for it. They should be relieved by sale to those who could buy of such stores as might be needed, with or without cost of transportation added, according to their means, or limited issues to those who could not buy. The issues should be made after the sales, and care taken to prevent itss being known that any provisions would be given away, lest poverty should be feigned. I would therefore recommend that authority to make sales and issues of stores to indidgent emigrants be obtained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. SULLIVAN,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the War Department, with the recommendation that authoriity be given "to make issues and sales of commissary stores to indigent and sufferiing emigrants. " Attention is invited to the letter of Captain Sullivan inclosed herewith. The authority now asked for has heretofore been given and exercised.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

BEAR VALLEY, MARIPOSA COUNTY, CAL., October 25, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I returned yesterday from a five days' scout through the eastern part of this and Fresno County. Passed through mariposa, Sebastopol, and a place called Hite's Cove, thiirty miles from here, on the merced River. hite and brother are noted secessioniists and he has quiite a number of his stripe around him engaged in mining. During the trip could not find or hear of any organized bands, and don't think there are any in this section at present. The country passed over is mountainous, dry, and desolate. No forage to be had. It remains quiet in this vally. Have had four very large and enthusiastic Union meetings during the past week. The union people appear to be aroused and are determined to carry this county the coming election if possible. Lieutenant Smith has now about forty-five men enrolled; headquarters, Bear Valley. Four quartermasters' teams arrived here Sunday from Sacramento with barley; three have returned, one remaining.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

AUGUSTUS W. STARR,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 22. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 25, 1864.

The arduous services of the troops during the past season deserve the notice and commendation of the commanding general. In the field sense early spring, they have won his thanks, officers and men, for

