
their persevering exertions in long and dreary marches, often through desert wastes, with a view to the protectioon of travelers, miners, and emigrants. The troops under Colonel Maury, Captains Currey, Caldwell, Drake, and Barry, and Lieutenants Hobart, Waymire, and West, have all done good service-sometimes in conflict with the Snake Indians.

Southeasteren Oregon is no longer an unknown region. From the Columbia River to the Nevada and California line the whole country has been thoroughly traversed. From each temporary depot scouting parties were sent to every point of the compass. Some of the troops have traveled this season more tthan 2,000 miles.

During tthe summers of 1862 and 1863 these troops made honorable and important campaigns into tthe Indian country, and upon the emigrant road. If on this occasion they had no Indian wars, they had tthe satisfacttion, by thei presence, of preventing them.

It is fitting that the closing services of the greater portion of the First Oregon Cavalry have been devoted to the exploration and development of a part of Oregon heretofore marked on our maps as "unexplored," but which can no longer receive that designation.

The regiment was raised three years ago, in the fervor of the Union sentiment of the State, and many rushed to the standard to show their readiness to put down any possible scheme of secession on this coast. They have, happily, thus far had no susch duty to perform; a duty which would have been so inspiring to the volunteers. They have had little stimulus amid their privations, but they can at least reflect that they have materially aided in developing the hidden treasures of the land.

The country deplores the death of Second Lieutenant Stephen Watson, First Oregon Cavalry, killed in the fight of the 18th of May, and of the other gallant men who fell with him. If a choice had been given them, they would have lost their lives in support of the glorious cause for which our troops are contending at the East. We who mourn their demise must be counsoled with the reflection that they died in the defense of a suffering frontier, which will charish the memory of their generous and patriotic services.

By order of Brigadier General B. Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, October 26, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters San Francisco:

COLONEL: Day before yesterday I sent you a telegram I had received from Major McDermit saying that the Union people at Susanville had asked for the withdrawal of Captain Hassett's company. The company was nearly out of rations, and I recommended its withdrawal to Fort Churchill. As I did not hear from you this morning, possibly my letter did not reach you. I see no reason now for that company remaining att Susanville, and all the disposable troops beyond the mountains may be needed near Virginia.

Very respectfully,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

