
SAN FRANCISCO, October 27, 1864.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Sacramento:

Withdraw company from Susanville to Fort Churchill as recommended.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SACRAMENTO, October 27, 1864.

Major C. McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

Withdraw Hassett's company entire from Susanville to Fort Churchill.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

October 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General ALVORD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that Captain H. C. Small's company, stattioned at Camp Watson, be allowed to attend the election at Canyon City; that they go to the polls unaarmed and be allowed to freely vote, if they choose so to do; that they be required to remain in the vicinity of Canyon City until after the election is over, and be ordered, if necessary, to assist the civil authorities in preserving peace and order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 27, 1864.

Captain H. C. SMALL,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Camp Watson, Oreg.:

CAPTAIN: If this reaches you in time before the election of Tuesday, the 8th of next month, you will proceed in command of two-thirds of your company to Canyon City, to be there on election day. The object of your repairing there is to aid the civil authority in the suppressing of violence on that day. It is alleged that if votes are challenged on that day certain evil-disposed persons threaten to refuse to submit to the challenge and to resist it by arms. The legal right to challenge is indisputable, and the subversion of the right by armed men can not be tolerated. You will nt, however, use the military force except in subordination to the civil authority, and if any firing on a mob ocurs, let it be from the express requisition of the civil officer. I need not say that you will not permit any interference by the militarry (to use the words of department General Orders, Numbers 38, of the 25th of July last) "to influence much less control or restrain any one in the full and free exercise of his right to vote for whomsoever he pleases. " If your own men are enttitled to vote, let them go without their arms to the polls, if

