HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 29, 1864.

Captain ROBERT BAIRD,

First Battalion Mountaineers Califfornia Vols.,

Commanidng Camp Lincoln, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The firsst and most important duty devolving upon you as commandding officer of Camp Lincoln is to preserve the peace between the white inhabitants of that setttlement and the Indians. The district commander advises that you consult freely with the officer of the Indian Department in charge of Smith's River Reservation, and dbe in readiness at all times to assist him in preserving order on the reservation. It is believed that the Indians in the vicinity of Camp Lincoln, as well as those on the coast below and the Klamath, are disposed to be peaceable and friendly. This feeling should be encoureged by all means at your command. Herewith inclosed please find communications* in relation to a deserter from Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, together with his description. His apprehension is very desirable, and its accomplishment is intrusted to you. It will be necessary to act with caution and secrecy, as he will have friends among the Copperheads of Oregon, who will give him warning and assist him to eescape. When caught, he should be kept securely confined or sent to this point. You are expected to keep district headquarters advised of the condition of Indian affairs in your portion of the district, and from time to time to furrnish such other information as should come before the district commander.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

October 29, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: A large number, if not all, of the members of the First Regiment Oregon Cavalry are legal voters in the State of Oregon. As many of them arrre stationed not far from places of voting, I respectfully request that they be freely allowed to go to the polls, unarmed, and to vote for whom they please, and that thereafter they be required to remain, until election is over, at a convenient disstance, with orders to assist the civil authorities, in any precinct where they may be on that day, in enforcing the laws and preserving peace and order. Many threats of vilence have been made, and fears are entertained that in the absence of such force that there may be disturbance, particularly at Canyon City, Dalles, and Portland.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORRNIA, Numbers 65. Drum Barrracks, Cal., October 30, 1864.

1. The mounted portion of Company D (Bale's), Native California Cavalry, will proceed to-morrow, immediately after muster, and in

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

