
command of its company officers, to the following points in this county, and in the order herein named: Pueblo, Los Angeles, San Gabriel Mision, El Monte, San Jose, Santa Ana, and Anaheim, reaching this post on return Friday, 4th of November next. The detachment will be armed with lances and sabers, non-commissioned officers with pistols in addition.

* * *

By command dof Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,

First Lieutenant, Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., near Great Salt Lake City,

October 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. ADjt. General, Dept. of the Pascific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: On the 17th instant I had the honor to transmit to you a telegram, dated 16th instant, from Major-General Halleck, instructing me to render ail lthe protection in my power to the overland route between this point and Fort Kearny. Regarding that dispatch as looking to my going down the road in person and assuming control of the troops between the points named, I deemed it proper to address General Halleck a telegram, informing him of my inttention to send eastward two companies of cavalry and proceed myself in person, and also asking further instructions in the premises. In response the following telegram was received, viz:

WASHINGTON, October 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General CONNOR:

Order not intended to transfer troops or change commands, except where parts of different commands act together, when ranking officier takes general command temporarily, as provided in Army Regulations.

H. W. HALLECK.

In response to a telegram from me to Governor John Evans, of Colorado Territory, I have received the following dispatch, viz:

DENVER, October 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General CONNOR:

I am glad that you are coming. I have no doubt the Indians may hbe chastened during the winter, which they very much need. Bring all the force you can, then pursue, kill, and destroy them; until which we will have no permaneent peace on the plains.

JOHN EVANS,

Governor of Colorado.

In pursuance of the foregoing and the telegram which I had the honor to transmit to you on the 17th instant I propose to start two full companies of the Second California Volunteer Cavalry, viz, Companies L and M, on or about the 4th proximo. The necessary arrangements for forage on the route between here and Denver have been made, at which last-named place the troops will arrive in about twenty-five days. In the meantime I desigh proceeding hence to Denver by stage next week, where I hope to be able to gather the necessary information, after examining the field, to guide the futurre movements of my troops. Should I find it practicable and advisavle to make a winter's campaign, with a fair probability of severely punishing the savages, of which I now entertain little doubt, I will make such arrangements and

