
disposition of the troops as may be necessary, and immediately return to this post by stage. As soon thereafter as everything necessary for a vigorous campaign can be prepared I propose to return and assume personal command of the expedition, making Denver the base of operations. As my absence from the district (with which I will be in constant communication) will be but temporary, not exceeding, pergaps, a fortnight, I will retain command, leaving a competent officer here to attend to details. Should my confident expectations regarding the possibility of a winter campaign against the Sioux, Arapahoes, and Chaeyennes not be realized after personal examination I purpose to make immediately, my troops will go into suitable winter quarters ready for such service as may be required by the exigencies of either district. There is no doubt that until the savages eastward of Denver shall have been thoroughly defeated and severely punished no permanent peace can be hoped for; ; nor can their frequent raids upon the overland route be prevented by any number of troops at the disposal of the Government. I am equally clear in the opinion that the winter or early spring is the only time when Indians can be successfully pursued, punished, and brought to terms. If this be possible, as I now think it is, I need hardly add that the most vigorous measures will be taken at the earliest possible day. Your instructions in the premises have been most carefully noted and will be strictly obeyed. I trust that the movements above set forth will meet with the approbation and concurrence of the general commanding the department, to whom I will report from time to time regarding my future actions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District of Utah.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

MIDDLE DISTRICTT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, Cal., November 1, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, San Francisco:

SIR: Hiram Potter returned from the bay this morning. He says Major Warfield is ging East, actually and really on private business of his own, but clothed with full power to purchase and send arms to this coast for the use of the Copperheads, if it is possible to get them here without our knowledge that the standard of rebellion is raised on the other side or it will be, but not without. He also reports that Wafield, Beriah Brown, Doctor Fox, and several other parties have been for some time expecting to be arrested and have prepared themselves for it by putting everything in order and secreting everything relating tto the orded. They believe that the order has been exposed, and suspect a man by the name of Schutz, of San Francisco, of betraying them. He also says Warfield told him that the old Order of the Golden Circle really controls the new order, and that no high officer was appointed in the new who was not of the old circle. He says further that the John S. Berry letter was discussed and it was freely stated that it contained the true programme. Now, as to the discharge of the detectives, you desire "my opinion at large. " The largesst opinion I can give upon the subject is that I fully approve of it. I think we have got all they know or are likely to know, and I believe you have information which they could not or would not get. If you have not

