
got the ritual and key you will have it soon, as J. A. Bryant, of the State central committee, has it in full and will give it to you. He will also ssend a copy to the Governor. I sne down to-day the vouchers of both detectives, and would ask that they may be liquidated as soon as possible, so as to be certainly through with them. The Cops are very much depressed here, and I think have given up all hope of succeeding in anything, unless they can destroy ballot boxes enough in large Union precincts to change the result; but with the vigilance and activity at present manifested they will not succeed.

Very respectfully, yur obedient servant,

ROBERT ROBINSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 1, 1864.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 15th and one of the 20th ultimo. I have telegraphed to you and General Alvord to-day concerning the arms for five companies of Oregon militia, which I trust will meet the case you present. I do not recollect to have seen the militia law concernign which you telegraphed me; my impressions of it were obtained mostly in conversation with those here who knew, I have been told, it could be improved. From my conversation with you, I think it may, as you write, be difficult, if not impossible, for you to raise the regiment of infantry and even to complete the regiment of cavalry, but I wished you to have authority tto do so, for in an emergency you may find it useful and may not have as many difficulties as at present.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

[Translation.]

SAN FRANCISCO, November 2, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

A matter of the greatest importance for the national defense of America, and of the Mexican Republic in particular-a matter with which you are already acquaited-compels me to take the liberty of soliciting your attention by this note, because any action capable of saving us must depend for its initiative upon your authority. In any event, I beg you will have the kindness to give me a definite answer in writing. In the month of April of the present year I embaked at the port of mazatlan, Mexico, for this of San Francisco, intrusted with a special mission by the Constitutional Government of that Republic, to which I have the honor to belong, having with me a chief and other staff officers appropriate to my authority, and also the funds and credentials necessary for the effectual accomplishment of my mission. Immediately upon my arrival I endeavored to see the highest authorities of this State, and with this view I addressed myself by letter, with

