
an introduction from Colonel Don Luis A. Tostado, to His Excellency Governor F. F. Low, and to General Wright, in command at Sacramento. The latter of these gentlemen being absent, the former alone replied, cordially inviting me to visit that city. While I was getting ready to do so, that gentleman kindly anticipated me by coming to this place. I made a full and circumstantial statement to him, and had the grafification of hearing him express tthe most earnest desire for the safety of the Mexican nation, while he offered me his personal cooperation, and assured me that the American people were so friendly that they would more willingly volunteer to march and fight for Mexiceo than continue the present war in the South. Nevertheless, perceiving that the views of this magistrate were wholly foreign to the action necessarry to accomplish my mission, I had recourse to the highest Federal officials present in the city. One of these was Mr. Thomas Brown, special agent of the U. S. Treasury for the Pacsific Coast and secret commissioner of tthe Federal Government, who had the kindness to present me to the officers of his department, as also to Mr. W. B. Farwell, head of the marine office (jefe de la oficina de marina), and to General Edward F. Beale, Corps of Engineers, who was there under a special commission from the United States Government. To these distinguished officials I communicated with full details the object of my mission, which amounted substantilly to procuring the means necessary for repelling the usurpation of Maximilian in Mexico. They then avowed themselves, in the most patriotic, enthusiastic, and decided manner, as defenders of the sovereignty of tthat Republic, and privately offered their aid in eerything, assuring me that such was equally the sentiment of the Chief Magistrate of this grat nation and of the people generally. From that time forth, in whatsoever I had to do, I consulted with the officals above referred to, particularly withacount of his more directly representing the public. That gentleman was of poinion that I should address General Beale officailly, explaining my mission to him and exhibiting to him the credentials from the Mexican Government which authorized my acts, in order that he might aid me so far as practicable, representing him as the most suitable person in the State to bing my business to a successful issue through his influence and authority. This I did, quite to the stisfaction of the gentleman referred to.

I had already completed the purchase of arms and other military supplies in New York, and I had vessels ready in this State and my expedition scompletely organized, and was congratulating my country on the success of transactions which I asure you, general, would have been in great part its salvation. I had followed faithfully the instructions of these officials, doing everything with the utmost caution, so as not to compromise in any way their Government in its stand as a neutral power; but they were suddenly relieed from their positions. And here I ought to render them a just tribute of gratitude, because, up to the moment of their departure from this State, they constantly gave e me the clearest evidences of their love of Mexico, all reiterating the offers they had made with the noble view of aiding that sister Republic, at present so infamousluy invaded by a tyrant from effete Europe, and of preserving forever ungarmed the sacred Monroe doctrine to which every inhabitant of the American continent who has a heart and worth, must necessarily be devoted. On the arival from Washington of Mr. Charles James, the newly appointed collector of customs at this port, I was presented to him in his office by the same Mr. Brown, who had recommended his views to me, views with which I

