
endeavored to become acquainted. The collector then called in his brother, Colonel George F. James, who actec as his interpreter, in order to asecided attachment to Mexico, and the desire he entertained of aiding her in the present conjuncture. The next day he sent word for me to call at the Russ House, where, through the medium of his brother, he made similar decalrations, repeating them a number of times in the presence of General John B. Frisbie and William Barnes, persons who had my esteem and confidence. At both conferences I was accompanied by lawyer Jose Aguirre de la Barrera. For all these reasons I had no doubt of a successful result, relying further upon the co-operation of C. M. Scammon, commanding the coast-guard steamer Shubrick, stationed at this port. I felt myself bound to inform the collector's brother, above-mentioned, who had offered to acompany me to Mexico and lend his services in the matter, that I already had a vessel loaded with munitions of war, and asked him to help me to het another one loaded with the rest of the material which I had on hand, and for which purpose the schooner San Diego was in readiness. He expressed himself as willing to do so; but on arriving at one of the customs warehouses which Messrs. Brown and Farwell, prior to the arrival of the present collector of customs, had easily arranged to have turned over to me, I found to my surprise that this latter gentleman refused in the mosst positive manner to allow it, and unpleasant discussions by word and in writing ensued between Messrs. Brown, Beale, and James. I enclose you herewith a copy of part of this corrrespondence.

The result of this act was incalculable injury to the defense of the continental cause, and especially that of the sovereign independence of Mexice. The matter did not rest here; for cruisrs were dispatched in pursui of the loaded vessel which had already sailed. She was overtaken and conducted to Benicia. I was informed that this was done under yurr orders and those of Provost-Marshal Mason and of the collecctor of customs. I straightway requested Mr. William Barrnes to interview you, and to beg that the confiscated munitions of war be returned to me. In reply, I was told that this would be done "after a while," but it has not yet come to pass. On the contrary, two other stores belonging to me in this city were seized in accordance-so the provost-marshal said-with your orders. The number of arms thus held under your instructions amounts to 15,002 rifles and other supplies, together with 5,000 rifles more detained by the collector of customs. I leave it, general, to your judgment and sense of justice to consider my situation on seeing my every movement parlyzedby the officers of the Union and the authorities appointed by the General Government, in whom I had blindly confided, for they supported instead of condemning my actions. And it was not without reason that I relied upon this in fulfilling my mission in this country in compliance with the written orders and instructions which I hold from the Supreme Government of Mexico, and which I shall have the honor of presenting to you, having already shown them in advance to His Excellency the Governor of this State, together with the invoices, contracts, and receipts-Mr. Romualdo Pacheco, trasurer of the State, kindly serving as interpreter and translator, In regard to my whole conduct you will be satisfied that I came whithoud disguise or dissimulation of any kind, relying upon the fact that we are defending the same institutions, and upon the szmpathies so often expressed by your people and Government. Mine fully believed that this was the most suitable country for affairs of such importance, and the one from which we ought to expect the most assistance. As it was possible at first to send goods by

