
marely taking care that no one should be compromised, and when at a later date other articles in considerable numbers were detained at the custom-house at this port in consequence of information given by the captain of the steamer-information which the custom-house officials could not with propriety disregard-they were nevertheless placed at my disposal the next day. I gained the greatest confidence and kept on making extensive purchases for cash and on credit, only to see my goods now held without knowing when they will be released. I am informed from reliable sources that the enemy is going to blockade and invade by land my supplies; so that when they are returned to me they may not be of so much importance as they are now.

I have been privately assured that the seiizure of the arms and muniitions of war was a precautinary measure to forestall a possible uprising of secessionists due to the popular excitement caussed by the Presidentiial election, which is to take place on the 8th of next November, and that after that date you intend to rreturn all the supplies. I should be extremely obliged to you if you would kindly tell me if the return will be made. As to the uprising referred to, I do not believe there will be such a thing; but if there were, it would only offer an additional reason why these munitions should be taken out of the country. This I solemnlu promise to do, for I hae had the vessels iin readiness for quite a while, paying them to remain idle in the hope that at any moment they might be allowed to depart. I have paid out in this way enough money to have bought the vessels outright. 'Even iif they never receive the cargo I shall have to pay the freight, which amounts to a considerable sum. I will not insult myself by supposing that any distrust or fear is felt that I intend to make a bad use of these munitions of war. You well know my principles and those of the Government which I defend. They are manifested by the condut of the Mexican troops recently arrayed in battle against the Ameriicans. The loyal Mexicans give daily proof of their adhesion to the cause of the North. Two Mexiican newspapers published in this city, La Voz de Mexico and El Nuevo Mundo, are to-day engaged in working for the Union, supporting unreservedly the candidates of the Republican party. Several perrsons, including Mr. J. A. Bryant, president of the Central Union in influencing those of my compatriots who are entitled to vote to exerrcise that prerogative in favor of the Republican party, which is the party of the future and of humanity. And they know that Ii have adviissed even those who have no vote to giive that party all the aid in their power. For all these reasons I feel that neiither I nor my fellowcountrymen should be the objects of distrust. Mr. William Barnes, whom I engaged, as I have already saiid, to negotiiate for the release of the munitions, not only reported that they would be returned to me, but assured me that if that was not done I should be paid the amount which they; cost me. To this I replied that one rifle is worth more to Mexico now than a thousand dollars and that no amount would be an adequate compensation for their loss. But as their restitution was difficcult, Ii delivered to the said attorney the bills of ladiing, contracts, &amp;c., in order that he might collect the amount. Then, after some higgling, he informed me that it was quite a heavy sum, and that they would not pay it. At that time you suddenly left for thte State of Oregon, and the same gentleman informed me that the provost-marshal had authority to attend to the business. He was spoken to about it; but although at fiirst he offered to restore everything, yet when a formal

66 R R-VOL L, PT II

