
demand was made he returned nothing. So not being able to get even a receipt, I had no course left me but to await your return. You will remember that on your return Mr. Barnes called on you with a view to get at least a receipt. According to him, you showed the most friendly get at least a receipt. According to him, you showed the most friendly disposition, but said that it was not necessary to give a receipt, as the arms and munitions were to be returned, insisting only that the matter be conducted informally, since if formal notification were given it would be necessary to proceed accordingly. Ii tried hard to get a day named for the delivery, but found it impossible, the only answer being, "By and by. " After so many promises and seeing nothing accimplished, I ccould do no less than ask a personal interview with you through the introduction of the Reverenc Doctor Bellows and His Excellency the Governor, to which you kindly assented, and which took place in Sacramento. And here I cannot refraiin from recalling the pleasure given me by your frankness and sincerity, and the tokens of esteem with which yhou honored me, explaining that your adverse action was very unpleasant to you, but being in compliance with superior orders, it was absolutely out of your power to make any change.

This, sir, naturally made a very painful impression upon me, as such assurances have only cost me time, annoyance, and money. I trust that the following will arrest your attention: The collector, Colonel Charles James, sent me word through my attorney, Mr. Barnes, that he could not fail to recognize the brilliant conduct of the Mexican republicans in Mexico and in this State, and inquired if it was agreeable for me to prepare to depart. Accordingly I did get ready, although it involved sacrifices. I immediately incurred expenses, without thinking of availing myself of the offer of funds that was made to me; for if they offered to me, I should have expressed by thanks, but should never have accepted them. When I informed him that everything was ready, he replied that I could dispose of only the 5,000 rifles that were in the customs warehouses on paying &amp;8,984. 80, which he said was the amount of the duty. The data for this I have in my possession, it having been sent by him. I did not pretend to understand the grave error of not keeping the first agreement, because it was a question of money which I had to disburse; ; but I did understand that it was very hard that the whole was not to be turned over to me when I had paid the expenses of two vessels. Nevertheless I held my peace, lest I might give occasion for losing all. I merely remarked to him that it would be very difficult to raise the sum named, which could not be less than &10,000, including the expenses due to the long delay, and that, to be frank, I was afraid that after getting the arms from thee warehouse the military authorities might seize them, but that, notwithstanding all that, I would make this great sacrifice and pay the money, provided he would on his eword of honor guarantee a successful result. He then replied that I should wait eight or ten days at the utmost, when he was going to send the revenue steamers to a distance from here, and that then I could get away in the night with safety. I had to restrain my iimpatience and agree to his proposition. I then went outside of the city and gave bills to raise &10,000, so as to pay that sum and receive my munitions. The final period of ten days came to an end, and afteer going through a thousand troubles II presented myself to say that the money, the ships, and the wagons were ready, and to ask what night I could load the vessels, acording to agreement. I was told in reply that it could be done Tuesday, October 24, to which date I was punctual. But what was myu surprise and indigantion, general, when I was given to understand that you and the collector had taken pains to apply by telegral Government, recommending that the

