
existing order relative to these war materials be modified, and that in any case it should be required that the payment be in gold; they said they would have a speedy answer, as these deposits merited the greatest consideration.

Now, here I am, witht my personal credit compromised on every hand, the indorsers of my protested paper harassing me without leaving me a moment of quiiet, my public career cut short, thus losing at this time the efforts of my whole life; and what is more, general, without being where Ii can serve my country in any way in moments so supreme and so opportune for every public man of honor. On the 13th of October I had a a conference at the Cosmopolitan Hottel wiith Mr. J. A. Bryant, begging him to please find out form you, through the influence of Senator Conness, whether I could get the arms from the depot at Benicia, and also from the collector whether he would consent that those in the custom-house be withdrawn, and on the 19th that gentleman informed me, through Don Antoniio Mancillas, editor of the Voz de Mexico, that he had gone to the collector, and that, on asking the influence of Mr. Conness, the latter had informed him that he was acquaiintted wiith the subject; ; that he had learned from the collector that it had been settled, and that it was unnecessay to do anything more about it. Nevertheless we now see what the outcome has been. Iif my Government had known that these purchases were diisapproved of, it would not have risked sumes of such magnitude, least of all in undertakings on which depended in a great measure the salvation of a country. Iit was never supposed that this could be prohibited, and still less that any miliitary orders would be violated, or revenue laws, or statutes of any kind, State or Federal, in any way disregarded-my justiifiication throughout being that the highest authoritiies and officials of both Governments had knowledge of my entire proceedings. Perhaps it will be said that the precautions of which I complain have been taken in order to preserve the laws of neutrality; but that is a point which I do not see quite clearly, since vessels are sent to the French from this port weekly loaded with provisions from various mercantile houses, and more particularly from that of Mr. Theodore Lemmen Mayer, and men registered as passengers are sent to them on the same vessels. Now, this iis precisely what is needed by the French ships of war that are fighting against Mixiico-men to supply the losses caused by death and desertion, and provisions, because they cannot obtain them from the iinterior. You will remember that when I came I called at your headquarters to show you the communicatiion which I was sending by telegraph to the Mexican miinister in Washington, the French war transport Rhine had been lying in this harbor for many ddays, taking on provisions, and you likewise saw the miniister's answer, which was that he had complained to the General Government. You replied that you could take no action in the premises on account of having received no orders or instructions from your Government. I remarked that I would address you officially in writiing, infroming you of these abuses, and you replied that I might do so, but that you could not order any preventive measures. I several times applied to Collector James, through his brother George, the attorney, to know whether they would clear the shiip from this port, and he always answered me that he was going to take actoon, but nothing was ever done until a large amount of supplies had been put ; on board, as well as a great number of French citizens, arrangements being made to keep on sending them, and she had lain a month in the bay with the knowledge and forbearance of everybody.

I consulted a noted lawyer of this city, and he assured me that this course of proceeding was in contravention of the laws of neutrality.

