
But is neutrality possible under such circumstances? What laws of neutrality can be observed with a body of troops that without a declaration of war, violating from the outset the most solemn engagements with a legitimately estaglished and recognized Government, penetrates into a foreigh territory by brute force alone, insults the sovereignty of a nation, hurls defiance at the whole of America, planting a Government of its own creation, and bearing on the points of its bayonets a crown bathed in the blood of tthousands of brad to the insane ambition of an execrable tyrant? Is not that soldiery in reality a rabble of filibusters? No one can deny that this is its true name, nor can any Government in the world give it any other designation, and much less a republican Government that may deem itself fortunate in seeing that its people could never lose their dignity by maintaining neutrality toward a gang of bndits who carry at their head the banner of retrogression and treason, violating in the most shameful manner the respect due to the independence of nations. The reasons, then, which I have presented being in all particulars competent both in law and in fact, I beg of you to remove the embargo in question, most earnestly imploring it of you, general, in the naame of America, and more especially of the Republic of Mexico, wirthy of a better fate, and to which incalculable benefits would accrue, making your name live forever in the heart of every good Mexican. In drawiing this long communication to a close, I beg that you will kindly pardon me for availing myself of this opportunity to represent to you the honor of my countrymen who who reside on this soil, who are giving so many evidences of their adhesion to republican government, which they prefer, whithout other objects in view than the complete triumph of the institutions of the future and of progress, and their ardent desire to be distinguished from the few corrupt, benighted, imbecile beings found unfortunately in the same country, who bear the mark of Cain on their foreheads and are the dishonor and opprobrium of our venerated country. If the result is as I desire, all loyal and patriotic hearts will unite in one siingle benediction. If, unfortunately, it is otherwise, I shall find myself compelled to report the sad termination of my mission to the President of the Republic and the principal leaders whom I have been constantly feeding with hopes that I have been led to entertain up to the last moment when the blow fell-all the more severely because dealt by a Government which charishes the same principles and defends the same cause.

I beg to assure you, general, of my highest esteem and respect.

Independence, liberty, and reform.

PLACIDO VEGA.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

November 3, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: By Lieutenant McCall I sent you a requisition for arms for four companies of cavalry, excepting sabers, I also have the honor to request that you send at least 10,000 ball cartridges. I may require arms for another infantry company soon, but shall probably want them here. It is important that the arms go to Salem as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

