SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Numbers 148. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 3, 1864.

* * *

II. Colonel R. F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry, with his regimental adjutant, will repair without delay to Fort Vancouver, at which point the headquarters of his regiment will be temporartily established.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 3, 1864.

Major J. S. RINEARSON,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Officer, Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

SIR: It has been reported to these headquarters that threats have been made of violence at the polls on the 8th instant, the day of the Presidential election. The following are the instructions of the general commanding the district: It is hoped that by prudence, forbearance, and good judgment all such violence may bee avoided. The general will not believe that any use of the military force will be necessary. But the Govenor of Oregon and other officers of the civil authority having had reason to apprehend something of the kind it is proper that your command should hold itself in readiness to act. It must act in entire subordination to the civil authority having had reason to apprehend something of the kind it is proper that your command should hold itself in readiness to act. It must act in entire subordination to the civil authority. The troops will remain at the garrison. Soldiiers entitled to vote may be permitted to go in small parties unarmed to the polls. The legal right to chalenge a voter is indiisputable, and the subversion of the right by armed men, as is threatened, would be intolerable. Any use of the military must occur upon the request of the civil authority. The firing upon a mob will not commence except upon the express requisition of the civil officer. Iit is scarcely necessary to say that you or your offiicers will not permit any interference by the military (to use the words of Department General Orders, Numbers 38, of the 25th of July last) "to influence, much less to control or restrain, any one in the full and free exerciise of his riight to vote for whomsoever he pleases. " You will, in case of a necessiity for the use of the military, which it is hoped will be avoided, place the trotown under the command of Captain G. B. Currrey, First Oregon Cavalry. You will remain with a suitable reserve at the post.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvordd:

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., November 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 21st ultimo I left this post, devolving the command upon Captain E. Barry, First Washington Territory Infantry, for the purpose of accompanying Governor

