
Lyon to Camas Prairie and other points in that vicinity, with hopess of being able to collect and talk wiith the Indiians who were there during the summer. The season was so late, however, that on our arrival we ascertained that they had all gone farther east to Lost River and Fort Hall, seekiing their usual winter camps. If it could have been made some weeks sooner the triip would have been of great benefit to the Government and people. Where all last season was silence, I find on this trip permanent and prosperous settlements, busy in preparations for winter, with all the necessary surroundings of comfort. The mining camps visited (Volcano, on the south side of Biig Camas Praiirie, and South Boise, on the north) exhibit evidences of great industry and prosperity. New discoveries are being constantly made. The hospitable and kind reception extended by all to the party was very gratifying. I returned to the post on the morniing of the 1st instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISSTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 4, 1864.

Captain W. H. JORDAN, U. S. Army,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding U. S. Troops,

Cape Disappointment, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs me to write you that rumors exiist that attempts will be made at an outbreak in some places if at the ensuing election Mr. Lincold is re-elected. It is hoped that the uneasy spiriits who entertain such sentiments will not dare to put their treasonable plots into execution. But it will be well for you to be well on your guard. The telegraph a few days siince said that a vessel had been seiized in San Francisco, supposed to be fitting out for piratical purposes. The general diirects that you will send a guarrd, consistin g of a non-commissiioned officer and ten men, to Fort Stevens, to remain there until further orrders. Please communicate with the agents of the engineer department at Fort Stevens and Astoria, so that they may be on their guard.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

I am, very respectfully, your obediient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRIICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 4, 1864.

Mr. EDWARD DE RUSSY,

Agent of Engineer Deparrtment, Astoria, Oreg.:

SIR: I write to request you and your agent at Fort Stevens to practice every vigilance as to any hostile plots or designs of evil-disposed persons. Rumors which may not be unfounded are abroad of proposed outbreaks on this coas t if Mr. Lincoln iis re-elected President at the next Presiidential election on the 8th instant. I notice that the telegraph says a vessel was seiized in San Francisco supposed to be intended

