
for piratical purposes. There is no telling what plots may be concocted. I have directed Captain Jordan, commanding defenses at the mouth of the Columbia River, to send a non-commissioned officer and ten men to Fort Stevens as a guard, to remain there until further orderes. Please keep up free communications with Captain Jordan and notify him of anything which requires his attention.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 67. Drum Barracks, Cal., November 5, 1864.

1. To preserve order, to insure the loyal element in all its privileges, and as auxiliary to the civil authority of the county, detachments will proceed from Drum Barracks on morning of 6th instant, and will encamp during the Presidential election of 8th instant as follows, viz: Under command of Captain P. Munday, at El Monte, Company K (Munday's), Fourth California Infantry; Fiirst Liieutenant Cox with forty mounted men of Company D, Native California Cavalry. Under command of Captain B. R. West, at Los Angeles, Companies B and C, Fourth California Infantry; Captain Bale, Second Lieutenant Jimeno, and the resiidue of Company D, Native California Cavalry, not mentioned above. Seven days' subsistence will be taken by each detachment.

* * *

By command of Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,First Lieutenant, Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith for the information of the commanding general copies of two letters from Honorable A. C. Gibbs, the Governor of Oregon, dated the 27th and 29th ultimo,* stating that at cerrtain places in oregon on election day violence is apprehended, and askiing in certain emergencies the assistance of the military force to preserve order. I also inclose to you a copy of my instrucctions of the 3rd instant to the commanding officer Fort Dalles. + Similar orders were sent to Captain H. C. Small, commanding officer at Camp Watson, who was directed to proced to the vicinity of Canyon Ciity before election dady. You will notice that my instructions were very cautiously framed. I have enjoined that the troops will act in entire subordination to the civil authority, and that no interference shall occur with the right of all persons to vote for whomsoever they choose.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

---------------

*See pp. 1033, 1035. +See p. 1045.

---------------

