
STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

November 6, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJAMIIN ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: There is considerable apprehension in the public mind here that there may be a riot in the city on election day. Therefore I have the honor to request that you send over on the Hunt to-morrow forty rounds of shot or canister, prepared for use in a 6-pounder. Please have it marked to the care of Captain W. H. D. Joyce.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 242. San Francisco, Cal., November 7, 1864.

* * *

4. The troops at Fort Point, Presidio, Point San Jose, Alcatraz and Angel Island, and on duty in San Francisco, will be held in readiness for service at a minute's warning from early to-morrow morning till the morning of the 9th instant. No officer or soldier will be suffered to be absent from his company or post except as hereinafter maentioned.

5. To enable those officers and soldiers who are entitled to vote tomorrow in the city and county of San Francisco to exercise their right, and at the same time to be absent as short a time as possible from their posts, the following will be observed: The commanders of posts and detachments will ascertain to-day, as soon after the receipt hereof as possible, the names of those of their command who are enlisted in San Francisco, and who calim the right to vote there. They will in no way question this right or seek to influence the exercise of it, or to ascertain for whom the soldier intends to vote. The men so caliming the right to vote as above will be held in readiness to embark early to-morrow morning on the U. S. revenue vessel Shubrick, and will be sent in her, unarmed, under a commissioned officer, who will march them to the headquaarters of the provost guard. Thence the men will be sent under a non-commissioned officer to the several precincts in which they claim to have a right to vote, and when they shall have exercised their right they will be brought by the non-commissioned officer back to the headquarters of the provost guard, be marched back to the headquarters of the provost guard, be marched back to the steamer by the commissioned officer in charge, to return immediately to their respective posts.

6. The officers and men from Fort Point and the Presidio will be at the Fort Point wharf by 7. 30 a. m. to-morrow. Those from Angel Island and Alcatraz will be brought over after the return of the first trip.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPACIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 68. Drum Barracks, Cal., Novemeber 7, 1864.

Company F (Sherman's), Fourth California Infantry, will proceed to and take post at Drum Barracks, Cal. The acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Yuma will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,

First Lieutenant, Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

