
SAN FRANCISCO, November 7, 1864.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

Hold your command in readiness to move to-morrow at a moment's notice, with ammunition. Notify troops at new post to same effect by sending copy of this telegram.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I received on the 1st instant your telegram of that day, saying-that-

In case of insurrection or imminent danger not admitting of dealy, the commander of the District of Oregon, at his descretion, is authorized and directed to send to the Governor of Oregon on his application arms and ammunition from the Vancouver Arsenal sufficient for five companies of Oregon organized militia.

Upon the application of the Governor of Oregon I ordered on the 3rd arms and ammunition for four companies of cavalry of the Oregon militia (viz, 400 Harper's Ferry rifles, they being supplied with sabers), to be turned over by the commanding officer of V ancouver Arsenal to Governor Gibbs. This you have seen by my Special Orders, Numbers 147, of the 3rd instant, alreaduy forwarded. This course has been rendered necessary by threats of an uprising if Mr. Lincoln is re-elected President of the United States. Throughout Oregon and Idaho Territory there are secrret clubs whose members are armed and more or less organized, and I doubt not their purposes are of a treasonable ccharacter. The Union detectives have penetrated some of them. The members of one of them said they were all well armed and expecting orders. This was ten ddays since. it is hoped that the madness and folly of the undertaking and the misery it would entaill on the country may deter the laders from permitting such attempts. But there is a great mass of uneasy elements, especially in the immigration of this year. It may exhibit itself first east of the Cascade Mountains, where they are gathering in large numbers. I may apprise you of results by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT DALLES, OREG., November 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Your letter making inquiries as to the propriety of locating a camp at or near Goose Lake for operations against the Snake Indians reached me at Camp Numbers 104, on Birch Creek. I would have replied sooner, but have been marching every day but the one I remained at

