
next supplies to one of the three ports in Sonora referred to, probably Libertad, from whence we shall have no difficulties to encounter in transporating the stores to Tuscon safely and economically.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 8, 1862.

Major D. FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding Western Arizona, Tuscon:

SIR: The general commanding the department has perused with much interest your communication of August 19, with inclosures. The general will direct the next lot of supplies for Tuscon shipped from this city to La Libertad, consigned to Don Juan Robinson, to be transported over the new route to Arizona. The information furnished by your letters and the suggestions made therein are very acceptable to the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, No. 37. La Mesa, September 8, 1862.

I. The understanding, by virtue of his office as commander of the U. S. troops occupying that portion of the Territory of New Mexico which lies south of Fort Thorn, hereby appoints the following civil officers for the Eighth precinct of the county of Dona Ana, comprising La Mesa and vicinity:

Eugenio Moreno, alcalde; Juan Zenobia Cadena, mayor domo de las aguas; Jose de la Luz Jiron, constable, who shall hold office at the pleasure of the undersigned, or at that of his successor in command, during good behavior and until the time when the civil authorities shall replace the military authorities within the county of Dona Ana. They shall be sworn by a competent officer to the faithful performance of the duties of their respective offices, and shall be subject to trial by a military commission and punishment for malfeasance in office.

II. The civil code of New Mexico shall govern these officers in the administration of justice. The alcalde shall have jurisdiction in civil cases involving no larger sum than $50, and he shall have power to levy and collect fines not exceeding the sum of $20 in any one case for misdemeanors; he shall also have the power to pass sentences of imprisonment for a term not exceeding forty days. They mayor domo de las aguas will be governed in the exercise of his authority by the existing laws of New Mexico in reference to acequias. Both officers shall keep account of the moneys received, subject to the inspection of the military authorities.

III. It shall be the duty of the alcalde to arrest and send to Mesilla for trial by the military authorities all persons charged with crimes that by the laws of New Mexico are punishable by sentences of greater extent than the amount and term named in the foregoing section.

