
Walla Walla. I am of the opinion Goose Lake is too far west. Warner's Lake, some two days' march east of Goose Lake, in my judgment is a much more prefereble place. As soon as I get my journal copied I will send it, accompanied with a rough map of that region and a letter more fully going into the details and reasons for making a camp at or near Lake Warner. I arrived here yesterday afternoon, and last night had a short conversation with Indian Agent Logan, from whom I learned the character of the country on the headwaters of the Des Chutes. As I will probably remain in the service until the 20th of March coming, and as I have no taste for garrison duty, I would take it as a great personal favor if I can be sent to the mountains. I am well convinced that, with the knowledge I gained of the Snake Indian country during the summer, that with about fifty men and a month's provisions, starting from Captain Small's winter camp, I can find and whip the Indians. I would propose to start about the 1st of February, push with forced marches by night to the south side of Harney Lake, and from thence scout aroundd Steen's Mountain and the lakes around it. They will be forced to winter in that vicinity, and the lakes around it. They will be forced to winter in that vicinity, and to find them in their winter camp is equivalent to destroying them. I would propose to go light-hard bread, bacon, coffee, and sugar, and trust to luck for the rest. I am willing to risk my reputation and life on the succes of the move. It chafes me most intolerably to lie in winter quarters, feeling as I do a keen thirst for vengeance on the murderous heathens who have run unwhipped so long. I feel that the safety of the people and the honor of the Army imperatively demand the speedy punishment of the Snakes, and for that end I am most anxiously willing to make a winter dash after them. Eight days' (nights') march from Captain Small's camp will bring a cavalry troop to Steen's Mountain.

Hoping my request will not be looked on in the light of presumption,

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, November 8, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanidng Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: The companies of artillery, cavalry, and infantry authorized by law to be organized are now full. In ordered to arm them properly I require 200 pistols, 300 cavalry sabers, 200 artillery sabers, 100 swords for foot artillery. The battery turned over to the State by your predecessor, General Wright, is not complete in equipments. The following articles are deficient: Eight sets lead harness, 8 halters, 8 whips, 8 leg guards, 8 nosebags, 21 saddles and bridles for non-commissioned officers. If the United States have the foregoing on hand at Benicia, I have to ask that the amounts as above may be turned over to the State. With this, in addition to what has already been issued to the State, we will have fully armed and ready for defensive purposes 140 companies of infantry, 20 companies of cavalry, 1 battery of 6 guns, 2 batteries of 4 guns each, 2 battteriies of 2 guns each.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.

