
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

November 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Wainwright, who will state hereon what was turned over by General Wright's order with the battery within referre to.

By order:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General

[Second indorsement.]

BENICIA ARSENAL, November 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The following issues were made on February 4 and March 11, 1864: Six 6-pounder guns; three 12-pounder field howitzers; 9 guns carriages; 9 caissons; 18 sets wheel harness, complete; 4 sets lead harness, complete; 22 whips; 44 nosebags. I herewith inlcose copy of order of Secretary of War and letters in relation to issues to the State of California.

Respectfully,R. A. WAINWRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Ordnance, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., January 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, with the recommendation that the issue of arms, &amp;c., within asked for, be authorized by the War Department, as required by Chief of Ordnance's instructions of March 22, 1864.

IRVIN McDOWELL,Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.

Sacramento, November 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have this day received a report from Captain Starr. * He was at Bear Valley, Mariposa County, and reports everything quiet, and apprehends no more trouble on election day than is usual on such occasions. The company being raised in Mariposa for the Seventh Infantry has about seventy-five men enrolled, and will be ready for organization soon. Captain Starr has about ten days' subsistence now with him. If the general thinks it necessary to keep the company there later than the 12th I will dispatch a wagon with additional rations at once. Please let me know to-morrow. I think it would be well to keep the company in Mariposa for a few days until everything quiets down after the election.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See October 25, p. 1031.

---------------

