
PORTLAND, OREG., November 8, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL:

GENERAL: I respectfully call your attention to a letter of which the following is a copy:

SALEM, OREG., November 7, 1864.

Governor A. C. GIBBS:

SIR: Things have transpired in the last few days, which make it necessary as a duty to write to you. I am no alarmist, but I know of my own knowledge that there are 4,644 men that are sworn to make civil war against the loyal men of this State within ten days from this date if they can find and excuse. If not, they will oppose the draft. The mail is just closing.

Yours, as ever,

FRANK COOPER.

I know Mr. Cooper, and his reputation is fair. I have no doubt he believes every word he has written, but I hope and believe he is mistaken. That there is a secret organization in this State I have no doubt, composed of men who call themselves Democrats. This is but one of many reports in circulation, and I have called on General Alvord for and received 400 stand of arms and placed them in the hands of members of cavalry, State militia companies, who had nothin but sabers before. The election to-day has thus far passed off very quietly indeed. I fear that in some instances there may be trouble with immigrants who propose to vote, though our constitution requires six months' residence in the State. Recruiting under your call is not progressing rapidly. I made the call on the 24th ultimo. It was published that day. Blanks and posters were to be published, with instructions to recruiting officers by Colonel T. C. English, assistant provost-marshal-general, &amp;c., but no posters or instructions are distributed yet. The colonel had to telegraph to Washington, and I suppose this delay has been unavoidable; but I regret it very much. The weather has been good; the rains will soon set in, and then it will be more difficult to get around and find men. I learn to-day that posters and instructions will be ready to-morrow. I think we will raise the regiment without a draft.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GIBBS.

PORTLANDL, OREG., November 8, 1864.

General BENJAMIN ALVORD.

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: I have just received a letter of which the inclosed is a copy. * I know Mr. Cooper and so far as I know he is a reliable man. I have no doubt he believes every word he has written. The election is going very quietly-275 majority for the Union ticket at 1 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GIBBS.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.

Sacramento, November 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: The election yesterday passed off very quietly. No distrubance of any kind. The overwhelming majority for the Union ticket

---------------

*Embodied in next, ante.

---------------

