
forbade any demonstrations of the disaffected. Although crushed at the polls, the opposition, writhing under their defeat, would not hesitate to inaugurate a rebellion in this State in the event of a disturbance in the East. Hence it is necessary to maintain a state of preparedness to meet any emergency which may arise. The prudential measures which have heretofore been taken on the eve of elections have had a most happy effect, and eternal vigilance only will insure a continuance of the peace.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT VANCOUVER, WASH. TER., November 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

In case of insurrection can I call the militia into the service of the United States for nine months?

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash., Ter., November 9, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: Your letter of November 8, with inclosure, is received. I would recommend that all the armories throughout the State be well guarded, and all the captains of the several militia companies be ordered to hold their companies in readiness to act promptly in case their services are required. For this purpose I would recommend that circular instructions be issued for the present instead of a proclamation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF OREGON.

Portland, November 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General ALVORD.

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose, per your request, a copy of General McDowell's letter of September 7, 1864. * It does not read just as I thought it did when I spoke to you in regard to it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GIBBS.

Governor of Oregon.

---------------

*See McDowell to Gibbs, p. 971.

---------------

