
4. Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, now at the Presido of San Francisco, will proceed to and take post at Camp Union, near Sacramento, Cal., the quartermaster's department furnishing the necessary transportation.

5. Company B, Native California Cavalry, will take up the line of march for Drum Barracks, via San Jose, Pacheco Pass, Visalia, and Fort Tejon, as soon as the necessary transportation can be furnished by the quartermaster's department. The command will be supplied with forage to last it to Visalia, where it will draw from the acting quartermaster an amount sufficient for the balance of the march. All the company property not absolutely required on the march will be sent by water to Drum Barracks.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT VANCOUVER, WASH. TER., November 12, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

Your telegram of yesterday received. * Letters by mail of 7th and 9th explain. Arms sent by the Governor to Eugene City are threatened with seizure. If troubles occur the wires will be cut. I ask discretionary authority in advance to save time.

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General.

SALEM, November 12, 1864.

General B. ALVORD.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

MY DEAR SIR: I received your letter of 8th instant yesterday. The marvelous disclosures of Cooper had been known here for several days previous, and had caused no little excitement. Cooper is a most unreliable person, and his statements would have attracted very little notice had they not been backed up by similar statements from one Pearson and many corroborative circumstances. After sifting all the evidence we have concluded that this much is certain; First. That a secret organization exists all over this State and California. Its numbers may or may not be as stated by Cooper. Second. The members have bound themselves to resist the draft or any military arrest. I do nt think their obligations extend beyond this, though it may be that individuals among them have further and more dangerous designs. Third. The members have been diligent in accumulating arms and ammunition for some time past, and have generally tried to observe secrecy in doing so. I know of no evidence that the organization, as such has any arms. This is all which we have learned with certainty. We think that whatever danger may have existed is now mainly passed. The news of Lincoln's triumphant election and the good sense of the Copperhead leaders themselves will combine to keep the rabble down. Had the result of the election been different and military disaster to the Federal arms occurred about the same time, we might have had a different state of things. You have seen the account of the

---------------

*Probably that of the 10th, p. 1054.

---------------

