
public meetings here. They were first proposed by J. S. Smith (who, by the way, made more inflammotary speeches this year than any other main the State), and the Union men, adopting the idea, generally attended. I was not inclined to favor the measure at first, but I now think the effect has been, upon the whole, good. I cannot get a copy of the resolutions in time for this stage, but will send one to-morrow. If I learn anything additional I will send it to you immediately, and in meantime remain,

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

J. W. PERIT HUNTINGTON.

P. S. - John F. Miller has not been here for three weeks. I doubt not he will favor the preservation of order when he does come.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., November 13, 1864.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN.

President of the United States:

California sends greeting. Your majority between 20,000 and 30,000. Our three Members of Congress are elected by large majorities.

F. F. LOW.

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.

Sacramento, November 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have received no reply to my letter of the 8th instant in relation to the movement of Captain Starr's company, now at Bear Valley. On the 10th I dispatched wagons from this place with provisions for Starr's company up to the 25th of this month. It is presumed that the company for the Seventh Infantry, being raised in Mariposa, is ready for mustering in. If Captain Starr is to remain in that quarter later than the 20th instant I must send provisions to him at once. Please let me know at once.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, November 14, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,Commanding District of California:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that the suggestions contained in your letter of the 8th instant, reporting the state of affairs in Mariposa County, are approved. The general desires you to exercise your discretion as to keeping the company of cavalry there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

67 R R-VOL L, PT II

