
instant. You will consult with the leading Union men in that vicinity as to the propriety of your leaving. Should you consider that it is better for you to remain there a while longer, you will report at once and additional subsistence will be sent.

Very respectfully.

E. D. WAITE.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC. Numbers 249. San Francisco, Cal., November 16, 1864.

* * * *

2. It being intended to instruct the Eighth California Infantry in the duties of sea-coast and heavy artillery, with a view to manning the forts for the protection of the principal harbors in this department, Captain James Van Voast, Ninth U. S. Infantry, will (with the view of his being made ultimately the colonel of the regiment) be relieved from his present duties and repair forthwith to Fort Point and assume command of the troops to constitute the Eighth Infantry as fast as they are received. Whilst it is now intended to use the Eighth Infantry as artillery, it is to be distinctly understood by all concerned that it will be liable at any time to be used as infantry and sent on whatever duty the interests of the service may require.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Portland, November 16, 1864.

General ALVORD:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will please find a letter from Walla Walla precinct, which shows the spirit of the opposition and what they would do if they had the power. Recruiting is not fairly under way yet. All the blanks did not leave Colonel English's office until yesterday. Please return the inclosed letter. Would it not be well to send a copy of it to General McDowell? Frank Cooper said he would go and see you.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,A. C. GIBBS.

[Inclosure.] WALLA WALLA PRECINCT, UMATILLA COUNTY, OREG., November 9, 1864.

His Excellency Governor GIBBS:

SIR: I have concluded to write to you and let you know how the election went off here. I was one of the clerks at this election, and Mr. Edwards was the other clerk. Mr. E. H. Lord has judge. The two above-mentioned and myself are Union men and voted for Mr. George, Mr. Gazley and Mr. Wood. The other two judges, Mr. W. M. Moore and Mr. Chesher, are Democrats. The election went all right until I challenged an emigrant's vote; this set the Democrats in an uproar. One of them got very saucy and disputed my word-tried

