
IV. Delinquents who fail to pay the fines assessed by the alcalde and mayor domo de las aguas shall be confined at hard labor for such number of days as shall suffice, at the rate of 50 cents per day, to liquidate the amount of the fine imposed. All persons sentenced by the alcalde to more than fifteen days' imprisonment shall be sent to Mesilla and be there confined furing the term of their sentence.

V. Appeals from the judgments of the alcalde or mayor domo de las aguas may be taken through these headquarters to a military commission. These judgments may be annulled by said commission, but if confirmed the term of imprisonment or fine imposed upon the appellant shall be increased one-fourth in time or amount.

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. -Eugenio Moreno, Juan Zenobia Cadena, and Jose de la Luz Jiron were duly sworn before me to the faithful performance of the duties of their respective offices at Mesilla this 10th day of September, 1862.

J. R. W.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, Septemer 9, 1862.

Honorable S. P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inclose for your information copies of correspondence* with the office of the Adjutant-General in relation to the occupation of Fort Townsend, in Washington Territory, by Collector Victor Smith, and to call your attention to the latter part of the letter of Lieutenant J. H. Merryman, the present acting collector at the port.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[SEPTEMBER 9, 1862. -For Carleton to Canby, relating to operations on the Rio Grande, &amp;c., see Vol. IX, p. 695.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, September 9, 1862.

Captain E. B. WILLIS,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Hart's Mill:

To provide against the probability of an attack upon your post you will take immediate steps to place the machinery of Hart's Mill in a condition that will enable you in the shortest possible time to remove two sets of buhrstones, with the requisite running gear. Every effort must be made in case the enemy advances to remove these to the main body of the troops in the district. But you will not permit the property you remove, nor any that you leave behind, in case you evacuate your post, to fall into the hands of the enemy in a condition that will

---------------

*See Wright to Thomas, May 15 and June 11, and Merryman to Wright, May 26, Part I, pp. 1074, 1131, 1099.

---------------

