
to gag me down. I simply told the gentleman that what he said was false and a lie; no quicker said than the house was in an uproar. Several pistols were drawn and an attempt made to get up a fracas. Some outsiders attempted to burst down the doors at the front, while a lot of ruffians rushed in at the back door for the purpose of assassinating me; luckily I was in the corner of the room, and as my life had been threatened before by these roughs, I was armed, that is, I had a pocket pistol in my pocket. As quick as the row commenced I jumped up, ran my hand down in my pocket, took hold of pistol, but did not draw it; after they saw I was armed they did not pitch in, but cooled off. The man that I changelled voted, althoug I did not withdraw the challenge. The two Democratic judges let him vote anyhow, without being qualified.

I challeged another emigrant, but they paid no attention to it, and he voted without being qualified. I was now well satisfied that the two Democratic judges were determined to let my and all emigrants vote, even if they did have to trample the law under foot. I challenged no more, but acted my part as clerk and watched who were allowed to vote, and, sir, they even let emigrants vote who were moving by in wagons over to Washington Territory. I showed them the law, but they said it was no use to talk, their minds were made up to let them vote. I never saw such disregard of law before. Now, Governor Gibbs, what is to be done, are we to let this election go, or can it be thrown out? There is not a Union man here but looks upon it as a fraud. What is the proper course to be taken? I think it would be most proper to have these things set aright. Also, Mr. Crary and others are working a road over the Blue Mountains on the head of the Umatilla. Now, they have established polls up there for the purpose of election and Mr. Craig told me to say to you that there are not over sil voters there, and he assures me that one of them was nto a citizen of Oregon, had only come on the 1st of August last, and this same judge was authorized to swear in the others, and one of them only was a citizen of Oregon.

Now, sir, our laws are set at naught; these things ought not to be. Our country is filled up with a set of emigrant buswhackers; some of them brag of it; they with others hurrahed at the polls for Jeff. Davis. If a draft comes here these fellows have it already made up to fight, and the leading Union men's lives will be endangered. There would have been no danger, but this year's emigration has added nothing to the virtues of Democracy. We, the Union men, want the draft made, and we want the Government prepared to enforce it when it is made, at the time, of course. If it is undertaken without proper guards, it will be sure to start a fight. I can see in their every action and movement a determination to resist, and if a rebellion starts up in the North, in the States, about the election it will begin here as soon as they receive the news. They have been signing articles of agreement to resist the draft, and we are well satisfied they are expecting to fight; the devil seems to possess them. I do hope, Governor Gibbs, that you will prevail upon the proper authorities to have a sufficient force at this point to enforce the draft when it is made, and save us from a civil war here. If a fight does start it would be best to have a sufficient guard at Walla Walla for the Union men to rally around and arm themselves; then we could soon master them, that is, all opposition to he Government, before the country would be ruined.

Yours,

THOS. K. McCOY.

