HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, November 17, 1864.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS.

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: I herewith transmit copies of telegrams to the honorable Secretary of War, and the answers thereto, relative to the retention of company and regimental organizations serving in this department. * Under the authority granted in the telegrams from Washington, I have the honor to request that you will raise a regiment of cavalry for the service of the United States for another term of years by retaining in whole of in part the regimental and company organization of the present Oregon regiment of cavalry. Such of the field officers as you may recommend to be retained to be retained, the others to be mustered out of service

as their terms expire, and such of the captains and subalterns as may wish to leave, or it may be for the interests of the service should not be retained to be mustered out as their terms expire, no new officers to be mustered in till the strength of the companies or of the regiment warrants it. I shall be glad if you will please consult with General Alvord in this matter, as I am entirely disposed to be governed by your and his judgment as to persons to be retained. Lieutenant-Colonel Drew has tendered his resignation and need not be considered in the new organization.

I have the honor to be, Governor very respectfully, your obedient servant

I. McDOWELL.

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

U. S. CONSULATE.

Victoria, Vancouver Island, November 18, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL,Commandant Pacific Division, United States:

SIR: I beg to apprise you that a large number of Southerners (rebels) are congregating here from British Columbia and Idaho Territory. Their headquarters are in the Confederate saloon in this city. They held a meeting last night. What they did or design doing I cannot say, but it is intimated this morning that they are plotting to get a vessel. We have nothing on this part of the coast to intimidate them in any of their schemes. Governor Kennedy will do all in his power to prevent them from fitting out any vessel on this island. I write in haste, as express is closing.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALLEN FRANCIS.

U. S. Consul.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 19, 1864

Lieutl. Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I sent to you a telegram on the 9th instant, saying, "In case of insurrection can I call the militia into the service of the United

---------------

*See Low and McDowell to Stanton, August 17; Halleck to McDowell, August 18; McDowell to Halleck, August 31, and Halleck to McDowell, September 10, pp. 946, 949, 961, 974.

---------------

