
States for nine months?" Your reply of the 11th [10th] has been received, saying, "The general commanding cannot see any case where your proposed action would be necessary as suggested in your telegram of yesterday. " My telegram of the 12th says: "Your of yesterday received. Letters by mail of 7t and 9th explain. Arms sent by the Governor to Eugene City are threatened with seizure. If troubles occur, the wires will be cut. I ask discretionary authority in advance to save time. " My letters of the 7th-Governor Gibbs' letter to me of the 7th (a copy of which I forwarded on the 9th, accompanied by a copy of the letter dated Salem, of the 7th, from Mr. Frank Cooper)- have prepared you to understand the state of things in this quarter.

I now inclose herewith to you extracts from the Daily Statesman, published at Salem, Oreg., the seat of government of the State. You will notice that two public meetings were called there at the instance of the mayor of the city, Mr. I. R. Moores, late Speaker of the House of Representatives. Leading men in both political parties concurred in urging the preservation of peace. It was certainly well and timely or the leaders of the Democratie party to thus exert all their influence to restrain their followers, for doubtless there existis much disaffection among many who have been led by the war to hate our Government. The feeling is contrary to all justice, reason, or prudence. But we have been taught by the secession of the rebel States that self-interest and logic will not prevent the most suicidal acts, and that crime and passion are more apt than reason to have sway in revolutionary times.

The secret clubs exist in every part of Oregon and the adjoining Territories, and I believethat they are bound by treasonable oaths. The excuse for an outbreak was to have been the re-election of Mr. Lincoln. The next excuse was to have been to resist the draft or military arrests. The members have been diligent in accumulating arms and ammunition for some time past, and have generally tried to observe secrecy in doing so. I am happy to say that Oregon has gone 1,400 majority for Mr. Lincoln, and that the election day passed quietly throughout the State. The very preparation prevented disorder. The election also having gone throughout the Union by so large a majority for Mr. Lincoln leaves no excuse for the malcontents. The apprehension has been that if there should be an outbreak in Illinois and Indian there would be one here. You will notice that the third resolution adopted at the public meeting on the 11th instant deprecates any action here in case of intestime war in the loyal States in the East. The leaders of the opposition party have thus taken pains to disavow any wish for trouble.

At last dates the arms being sent to Eugene City, in the Upper Willamette, were being escorted thither by a company of militia from Corvallis. I think they were taken through safely. But the agents of the State at Corvallis took the locks off the guns before forwarding them from that place. I desire now to represent to the major-general commanding the department the propriety of my having the discretionary authority asked for in my telegram of the 9th instant. This with a view to the future and to any contingency which may arise. At the State fair at Salem in September, 1863, there were six or seven companies of militia paraled, and made a very respectable appearance. At the fair last September eleven or twelve companies were paraded. Four were cavalry, armed with sabers, but now have rifles, furnished as authorized by your telegram of the 1st instant. I reviewed them on the former occasion, and am assured that this year their drill and appearance were still more promising. Now, I am assured by Governor

