
Gibbs that on the occasion of trouble these troops are ready at a moment's call to spring to arms. They are enthusiastically devoted to our flag and Government, and would promptly aid to put down any rising here.

Having such a weapon ready and anxious to act, can it be in human nature not to use it if trouble arise? With the limited force at my command I should need it. Moreover, the time of the volunteers is fast expiring, and every month will diminish their numbers. In case of trouble the Governor would be disposed to use at once the militia, but he wishes to do it under the call of the U. S. authorities. By the fourth section of Article IV of the Constitution and by the act of Congress of 29th of July, 1861, there is ample authority for such use being made of the militia. Proclamations of the President have over and over again been isued, so that preliminary would not be needed, as any outbreak here would only be a part of the war East by allies of the rebels in this country. Rapidity of action against any outbreak will be of the utmost importance. To place, if practicable, the iron heel of power on the incipient movements of the serpent of rebellion is the true way to deal with the evil. After the wires are cut I cannot write to you and get an answer in less than twenty days, especially in winter. In that length of time, with good fortune, we might have crushed the monster. Such delay would thus be very odious. I have said above that Governor Gibbs wishes the State troops in any mergency used on the call of the United States. In conversing on that subject the other day he especially dwelt on his desire to avoid the position once occupied by Oregon when a Territory. He referred to the Yakima Indian war of 1855 and 1856, when Governor Curry, of Oregon Territory, called out two regiments not mustered into the service of the United States. The imbroglio with General Wool followed, which General McDowell will remember. The Oregon waby the United States (footing up some millions) was the sequel. Repudiation of half the cost of supplies actually furnished was another sequel. Finally, it has naturally bred great timidity in furnishing any supplies, especially on the call of a governor.

I was at one time armed by General Wright (under date of the 20th of April, 1863) with like disrectionary authority. I believe that it was of great value to me to have such authority. In the summers of 1863 and 1864 I had occasion to make a good use of it-I mean to make a good use of the mere power without exercising it. For during the summers when the troops were in the field against the Indians, I have been compelled to hold out the existence of this power to deter those disposed to make trouble. Having but few troops, I had to use stout words, which the possession of that authority enabled me to use. As an example of this, I ask the general to read the extract marked in my address at the State fair of Oregon in September, 1863, a copy of which I have just sent him by mail. I also request that he will please read my letters to you of the 13th and 27th of June last, just before he assumed command of this department. Previous to the election of June 8 there were many mutterings of trouble, which happily passed away. In my letter of June 13, I have described my conference with one of the leaders of the opposition, when I used to great effect the possession of the authority spoken of. It was rescinded on the 15th of June, at the time of my call for troops upon the Canyon City road. I append some of the correspondence on that occasion. On the 27th of June I promised to request a renewal of the authority so wisely given me on the

