
29th of April, 1863. I respectfully submit that the considerations I have herein presented exhibit the propriety of my receiving the discretionary authority alluded to.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJAMIN ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

I do not think it necessary or expedient to grant the power asked even if I have the right.

IRVIN McDOWELL.

Major-General.

[Inclosures.] Extracts from Oregon newspapers.

From the Daily Statesman, Salem, Oreg., Thursday evening, November 10, 1864.

CITIZENS' MEETING.

The mayor of this city has called a meeting to-night for the purpose of conferring in relation to the apprehension, which is generally diffused, of an armed outbreak. It has been thought best by men of all political organizations that such a meeting should be held, and it is hoped that everybody who attends will do so in a fair, candid, and calm spirit so, that the uneasiness now prevalent may be effectually removed and public confidence fully restored. All reflecting persons will see the good policy of resolving, now and for all time, to avoid, if possible, civil commotion in this State.

From the Daily Statesman, Salem, Oreg., Friday evening, November 11, 1864.

THE MEETING LAST NIGHT.

At the call of the mayor a very large assemblage of people came together at the court-house. Very little excitement, though a deep interest in the objects of the meeting, prevailed. Addresses were made by J. S. Smith, esq., Judge Boise, and Mr. J. L. Parrish. The speakers warmly deprecated all conduct and talk calculated to inflame the public mind and endanger the peace of the community. If anybody of any party contemplated violence they should be discouraged and discountenanced. We could only destroy ourselves by civil commotions without in any manner helping any part or cause in the East in case of civil war. Whatever may happen among the people or to the Government, resulting from a Northern rebellion instigated by any part, our paramount interest would lie in the preservation of peace among ourselves. The speakers, while they acknowledged the prevalence of apprehensions were nevertheless confident that the cool, sober second thought of every mand would prompt him to say and do nothing calculated to promote civil strife. Men of reflection could but deprecate and fear the results of violence, knowing that by civil war we had everything to lose certainly and nothing positively to gain. We think the effect of the speeches was conciliatory and pacifying to the almost fierce spirit engendered by the late Presidential contest, and we can but heartily commend the conduct of those men who have contributed thus toward a better state of feeling and a stronger sense of security in the community. A committee consisting of Messrs. J. S. Smith, N. T. Caton, R. P. Boise, C. G. Curl, and J. C. Peebles, was appointed to draft resolutions to be reported at another meeting at the same place to-night.

