
From the Oregonian.

GREAT EXCITEMENT AT SALEM-FEARS OF AN OUTBREAK-ARMS BEING TAKEN INTO The COUNTRY-MEETING OF CITIZENS.

SALEM, OREG., November 11. - A notice appeared on several bulletin boards in this city yesterday afternoon, signed by I. R. Moores, mayor, calling a meeting of citizens regardless of political organizations to exchange sentiments in regard to apprehensions entertained throughout the country of an armed outbreak. The appearnce of the notice caused considerable excitement, which was somewhat augmented by a report that a number of arms were forwarded from this place to the interior of the State yesterday, and various rumors consequent upon such an occasion were soon afloat. That evening, pursuant to notice, the meeting was called to order by the mayor and addressed by J. S. Smith, J. L. Parrish, Judge Boise, and Benjamin Hayden, all expressing themselves in favor of maintaining the peace, law, and order of our STate to the exclusion of any revolutionary and insurrectionary movement which may take place in the Eastern States, and the discouragement of anything which may lead to civil war or strife in our midst, showing the advantages to be derived, and the disadvantages, desolation, and bloodshed inevitable from the pursuance of such a course. A committee was appointed of members of both party organizations to draft resolutions expressive of the sentiments of the people. The meeting adjourned to meet this evening.

PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.

The following resolutions were reported last evening by the committee appointed the night before at a public meeting of citizens in favor of law and order, and unanimously adopted:

"Whereas, uch anxiety and alarm seem to exist in this community that civil war will break out in this State; and, whereas, the public mind ought to be disabused and relieved from such apprehensions: Therefore, be it.

"Resolved: First. That while we cannot believe that any considerable portio of our fellow-citizens desire or would in any way hasten such a dire calamity, we bind ourselves without distinction of party to use our utmost endeavors to preserve peace in this State, and that we will, if need, unite in putting down any revolt against its properly constituted, authority.

"Second. That in this State we believe in the right of a legal majority to govern in accordance with the Constitution.

"Third. That should civil war be inaugurated in any of the present loyal States of the Union, we will maintain peace and good government here, and should the horrors of civil was desolate every other State, it shall not come here.

"Fourth. That while we are willing to render cheerful obedience to the laws, and to assist the lawfully constituted authorities in enforcing the same, we believe that the continuance of peace and harmony in our midst depends more on the common sense and good disposition of the order-loving citizens of both parties than on the display or exercise of power by our rulers; and that in these times of excitement and peril the duties of the officers of our State should be performed with consideration and caution, and all cuases of needless irritation should be carefully avoided by both magistrate and people. "

