HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 21, 1864.

Lieutenant J. HALLORAN,First Washington Territory Infantry,

Commanding Warm Springs Reservation:

(Through Commanding Officer Fort Dalles, Oreg.)

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the district of inform you that information has been received from the commanding officer at Fort Klamath to the effect that Po-li-ni, the war chief of the Snake Indians, has given himself up at that post and desires peace. The general directs that you inform the Indians at Warm Springs through their agent of the fact, so that all aggressive warfare on their party may cease.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. I. SANBORN.

Second Lieutenant First Washington Territory Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC. No. 53. San Francisco, Cal., November 23, 184.

It has come to the notice of the major-general commanding that officers in this department have assumed to act in a summary manner in reference to Indians charged with crimes, and there are cases where they have even had Indians executed by the troops. This is against all law, is in no way to be justified, and will not be sanctioned. As His Excellency the Governor of California correctly states, "Indians are amenable to the civil law equally with the whites, and should be tried for offenses committed and punished accordingly. "

Hereafter no officer or soldier will execute or aid in executing any Indian prisoners on any pretext whatever. If an Indian commits any crime the military may hold him under guard until the civil authority can take charge of him.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 25, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a translation of a note of the 12th instant from Mr. L. de Geoffroy, in regard to the alleged construction in the ports of the United States, especially at New Orleans and at San Francisco, of vessels intended to serve as privateers under letters of marque from President Juarez, of Mexico. I will thank you to cause inquiry to be made as to the correctness of these representations and in any event to enjoin renewed vigilance on the part of the proper officers subject to your orders, with a view to the discovery and prevention of the arming or fitting out of vessels of war intended to be used in depredations on French commerce.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

