
be of service to him; that is, you will utterly destroy all facilities for making flour at Hart's Mill when you are compelled to abandon it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, No. 38. Mesilla, September 9, 1862.

I. Captain Fritz' company (B), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will march for Tucson on the 15th instant, camping at Fort Fillmore on the evening of that day. The rations now in the company's hands will be taken along. Captain Fritz will be prepared with a provision return to complete thirty days' rations, to be drawn as he passes this post. Each man will be provided with forty rounds ammunition, each, for pistol and carbine.

II. The commanding officer at Camp Johnson will send with Capain Fritz's company a train of thirty-five wagons under charge of Wagonmaster Veck. He will see that arrangments are made to draw the teamsters' rations at this post so as to avoid detention.

J. R. WEST,Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF CALIFORNIA,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Sacramento, September 10, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I have the honor on behalf of the State authorities and the loyal citizens of California to present (briefly) a statement of the condition of affairs here. It is represented and generally believed that there is a secret organization in this State, numbering from 20,000 to 30,000 men, leagued together for the overthrow of our Government, and whose purpose it is if an opportunity should favor the scheme to carry the State out of the Union. These men openly boast that their sympathies are with the traitors of the South, and they are continually defaming the Government from which they receive protection and whose benefits they enjoy. They take pride in preaching their traitorous sentiments among loyal men, which they have hitherto done with impunity, and do much to discourage enlistments. Loyal citizens have now no protection from the insults of these men, many of whom are wealthy and influential, and U. S. soldiers have been shot down in the streets of our towns for protesting against the free use of disloyal sentiments in their presence, and the probabilities are that the deserving will go unwhipped of justice. The actions of this league are positive, and there is no immunity to loyal men in our community from insult and wrong.

The power of our Government should be manifested at once here and the union feeling of the masses fostered. If this is not done and our armies should meet with any considerable reverses serious trouble will be inaugurated on this coast. The loyal citizens of this State are now organizing into military companies, and are making daily applications for arms and equipments. They are preparing to give their services to

