
[First indorsement. - Translation.]

SAN FRANCISCO, December 3, 1864.

His Excellency General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commandant of the Department of the Pacific:

Having observed that the portion of the eighth paragraph in the foregoing letter, to-wit, "that Mr. Vega spoke to me," &amp;c., differse entirely from the sentiment expressed in my communication in the portion alluded to, I deem it my duty to inform Your Excellency that in fact I have not the honor of General Mason's acquaintance, and that he had not made me such an offer, unless it was made to my lawyer, Mr. Barnes, as that gentleman informed me was the case. In virtue of which, I take the liberty to recall Your Excellency to the referred note.

Respectfully, your attentive and obedient servant,

PLACIDO VEGA.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, December 6, 1864.

The undoubted error pointed out by General Vega occurred from General Mason's being furnished with what has since been found an incorrect translation of General Vega's letter. General Mason has been informed of that error, and that General Vega did not say in his letter that he had spoken to General Mason.

Very respectfully.

IRVIN McDOWELL,Major-General, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure. Numbers 1.] EXECUTIVE MANSION. Washington City, November 21, 1862.

Ordered, That no arms, ammunition, or munitions of war be cleared or allowed to be exported from the United States until further orders. That any clearances for arms, ammunition or munitions of war issued heretofore by the Treasury Department be vacated, if the articles have not passed without the United States, and the articles stopped. That the Secretary of War hold possession of the arms, &c., recently seized by his order at Rouse's Point, bound for Canada.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

A.

On board sloop Haze 71 cases war material. Owned by Dearse Kelly. M. B., at custom-house (in bonded warehouse).

GF 208 cases, containing 5,000 muskets. Owned by A. H. Osborn.

At A. J. Plate: On invoice amounting in value to $61,793.

Official:

JOHN GREEN

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash., Ter., November 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt., General Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I am informed by the commanding officer at Fort Klamath, Oreg., under date of th 8th instant,

