
that Po-li-ni, war chief of the Snake Indians, has surrendered himself at that post, professing that he wishes to make a lasting peace. I hear this news with great gratification, as it is the natural result and sequel of the activity of the troops the past summer, who have thoroughly and efficiently scouted and traversed the whole country in which the Snakes have ranged. The submission is due no doubt in part to their want of food, having been so harassed theyhad little time to lay in their usual supply. Superintendent Huntington, in holding a council early in October, near Fort Klamath, with the Modocs, Klamaths, &amp;c., invited the Snakes to attend. Only a very few presented themselves. Mr. Hunting returned to The Dalles from Fort Klamath, under the escort of Lieutenant Halloran, First Washington Territoy Infantry, accompanied by some Warm Springs Indians. They encountered a band of Snakes; 3 or 4 were killed, and 3 women with their children captured, who were brought to this post for confinement by Mr. Huntington. The wife of Po-li-ni, with her children, is among them. If his submission appears to be sincere they will be returned to him in the spring. The Indian Department will endeavor to get the Snakes to submit and come in upon the new Klamath Reservation. They may live upon terms of amity with the Klamaths but not easily with those on the Warm Springs Reservation. It will remain for us to tet the sincerity of this submission, but if it shall turn out to be sincere, it is a very auspicious event for the peace of the Indian frontier.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 25, 1864.

J. W. P. HUNTINGTON,Superintendent Indian Affairs, Salem, Oreg. ;

SIR: The surrender on the 8th instant of Po-li-ni, war chief of the Snakes at Fort Klamath, as reported by Captain Kelly, is an auspicious event. I have sent you, as also Captain Kelly, a copy of my instructions of the 21st instant to the commanding officer on the Warm Springs Reservation to notify the Warm Springs Indians to cease progressive attacks on the Snake Indians of Po-li-ni's band. The women and children of that tribe, including the wife and child of Po-li-ni, left by you on the 27th ultimo, in confinement at this post, will be released whenever you request it. I suppose, however, they cannot be returned before spring. In the meantime you will have means to test the sincerity of Po-li-ni's submission and promises of keeping the peace. It will, I think be well for your to embrace the opportunity, in consideration of the pardon and amnesty (and return of his family) which will be accorded to Po-li-ni, to require that he shall manifest his sincerity by bringing in all his warriors to some locality-say, upon the Klamath Reservation. Pray ascertain how many warriors he can control. It is wise in us to make all the use possible of Po-li-ni in controlling that tribe. Will you be disposed to place them on the Klamath Reservation? Mr. Logan, agent at the Warm Springs Reservation, said that the Indian women said that Po-li-ni's brother was the principal chief, he being only war chief. No doubt it will be our policy to treat Po-li-ni as the head chief if he is friendly and peaceable, to increase if possible his power, and to make use of him in controling all the Snake Indians.

