
decision that your case depends. You may remember that at the interview you had with me in Sacramento, when I explained to you that a department commander in the U. S. Army was not intrusted with the great powers of a Mexican commandante-general, but was simply an officer obeying the orders of his superior, you remarked that in a case where the orders were what you called tan estrictas y extraordinarias, it was the same. Therefore you will readily understand that the question as to when the arms and munitions will be returned to you is one that I cannot answer. It will be whenever you succeed in getting the orders under which I am acting modified so as to permit the arms to leave the country, or get an order for their return from my superior; and you state that your understanding of what I told you was to this effect. I have to held any different language to any one. I send herewith (marked B) a copy of the provost-marshal's letter in reply to so much of your letter as relates to him. * You refer to the present condition of your country and the sympathy due it from the sister Republic of the United States; and you treat quite at length the question of the relations of the United States to France in connection with the French ships obtaining supplies in this port for their fleet and army now operating against Mexico. You know, and you do me the justice to state in your letter, that the question of the relations of the United States and France was introduced by you at your firt interview with me, and that I then said what I here repeat, that I am in no way empowered by the Government to regulate its foreign policy, and am in no position to discuss it with you. That if you find any cause of complaint in the conduct pursued by any one in this matter, your proper course is to layit before your minister in Washington, who is in the position to bring it to the notice of those who can give you through him explanation or satisfaction. I can do neither. As to the interest and sympathy which in common with the majority of my countrymen I feel for your country, and which I have expressed so freely and positively, as they are personal, I will not repeat them in this official communication. As to your own personal conduct and character whilst in this city and with reference to your contrymen here, I have heard but one voice, and that entirely in your praise.

At the risk of fatiguing you with it, I take the occasion to repeat, general, how deeply I regret the personal distress I have necessarily caused you in the discharge of my duty, and take occasion to express the great regard with which I have the honor to be, your most obedient, humble servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, November 26, 1864.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS.

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant, containing a copy of a letter to you of the 7th instant from Mr. Frank Cooper, relative to disloyal organizations in Oregon. I quite agree with you in the belief that Mr. Cooper is mistaken in the importance he may attach to any such organization, so far as any

---------------

*See November 25, p. 1069.

---------------

