
immediate action is concerned. The ten days named have elapsed and civil war has not yet been made-perhaps for the reason stated, becasue the disloyal element could find no excuse. I trust we will not give them any. I have received a telegram, dated the 9th instant, from General Alvord, asking [that] authority might be given him to call into service of the United States the militia in his district for nine months in case of insurection. As you can call out the militia in the case he refers to, I have not thought it necessary to delegate this authority to him on account of the United States, even if I have the right to do so; and from your letter I do not infer you judge there is imminent danger of insurrection and civil war in your State, nor do I believe in the adjoining Territories. I am glad there is a fair prospect of raising the troops called for in Oregon. Everything has gone off well on the Pacific Coast at the election; there was no excuse for any difficulty-none certainly as far as the military was concerned.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend that the defenses at Cape Disappointment at the mouth of the Columbia, be named Fort Baker in honor of the late lamented General E. D. Baker, who fell at Ball's Bluff, on the 21st of October, 1861, and as Senator from Oregon was so distinguished in the Senate of the United States as the opponent of secession and the eloquent champion of the Union cause. I respectfully request that this communication may, if it meet the approbation of the major-general commanding the department, be forwarded to Washington for the decision of the War Department.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, WASH. TER., November 26, 1864

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD.

Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

DEAR GENERAL: The inclosed statement* made by Mr. Waterman, superintendent of Indian affairs of Washington Territory, is strictly correct in every particular. From the most reliable information, I am well convinced there is at this time the most imminent peril and danger of a violent outbreak being suddenly made by the whisky-drinking, unruly, and lawless white men against the Indians on the Snohomish River on one hand, and of unrestrained revenge on the part of the Indians against may white people within their reach in retaliation for murders committed by whites upon unoffending Indians. The present alarming excitement was begun by a number of vicious white men will-

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

