
a month extra to each volunteer, to be paid at the expiration of his enlistment. I do not know that your Legislature possesses the power, but if similar inducements are held out it will much facilitate the raising of troops. The time soon expiring of the volunteers now in service renders it necessary soon to obtain other troops. I have no doubt your patriotic citizens will desire to share in the defense of the frontier.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

(Letter of same date and purport to His Excellency William Pickering, Governor of Washington Territory.)

MESILLA, November 29, 1864.

General J. H. CARLETON:

SIR: I was in Houston, Tex., last March when David S. Terry, formerly of California, returned to that place from Richmond, Va. He had been commissioned to raise a brigade. He also had an order to General J. B. Magruder to furnish him with all the men he could spare from Texas. Magruder immediately turned over six regiments, amounting to about 5,000 men. Neither regiment was full. Terry represented to Jeff. Davis that if he could raise sufficient troops to open the road from El Paso, Tex., through to California he would at once have an army of 25,000 or 30,000 men. I also learned that Colonel Showalter, Colonel Hunter, Major Kirk, Major Darg, Captain Swoup, and Doctor Madison had been sent to California to assist Terry in his plans. Since my arrival here I learn that these men have been seen traveling through Mexico to California.

Very respectfully,

J. A. ROBERTS.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 22, 1865

Respectfully referred to Major-General McDowell for his information.

When one of my scouts killed the notorious spy, Skillman, the inclosed letter was found, with others, on his person. It is from aw man named Dan Showalter, who killed and a man in a duel in California. The man's name was Percy. They were members of the California Legislature. I caused Showalter to be arrested and confined at Fort Yuma. He was released on taking the oath, and afterward made his way to Texas. The lady addressed is the daughter of Colonel Ferris Forman. This Showalter is the one referred to herein.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

March 9, 1865

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Mason, acting assistant provost-marshal.

By order:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

