
[Inclosure.] GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF CALIFORNIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE. Sacramento, November 29, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE, U. S. Army,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of California:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inclose herewith for the consideration of the general commanding the district a petition from citizens of Owen's River Valley asking for aid in the way of troops to be stationed in that section to protect them in their property and lives against the ravages of the Indians. Permit me to state in connection herewith the fact that I am personally acquainted with some of the gentlemen who have signed the petition, and that I know them to be reliable, honorable gentlemen.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Adjutant-General State of California.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Honorable IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commander-in-Chief of the Pacific Coast, &amp;c.:

The undersigned, your petitioners, would most respectfully represent that they are now and have been citizens and residents of Owen's Valley for the last past twelve months, and a number of your peititionerse for a much longer time. Your petitioners would state that said valley is situated in Mono County, State of California; that said valley is about 100 miles in length; that there are a number of towns and villages situated in said valley, and also many persons, of whom your petitioners form a part, engaged in farming; that the whole white population now resident therein may be about 250 souls; that this population is so sparse and scattered over such a large extent of country that in case of trouble with the Indians upon a sudden emergency they would be wholy unable to render material aid to each other. It is well known to the military headquarters at San Francisco that this valley has been for the last two or three years the scene of many Indian outrages and depredations, and that those who are now residents of the valley live in continual fear of an outbreak of the Indians, which, if it should occur, must necessarily result in the shedding of much innocent blood, as we have now among us many families of women and children. Your petitioners would further represent that the notorious Joaquin Jim, chief of the Pi-Utes in this region since the removal of Captain George to Fort Tejon, with his own particular adherents, together with many fugitives from Fort Tejon and renegades from Captain George's tribe or division, are now settled in our midst; that is to say, on Bishop's Creek, near Owensville and upon the indentical ground upon which Mr. Scott, sheriff of this county, and Colonel Mayfield were killed some two years ago. It is a well-known fact that Joaquin Jim is now and ever has been an uncompromising enemy of the whites; that he refused to emigrate with his people under treaty made with the U. S. authorities; that the many murders and outrages committed in this valley since the withdrawal of Government troops from this locality is traceable to the implacable animosity of this captain or chief to our people. In view of the premises, feeling uneasey and insecure in our settlement, being as we are scattered over a wide extent of country, with helpless women and children among us, we would most respectfully pray that if compatible with the public service you would order

