
war commences. I believe the Indians have not been properly treated by the whites in Owen's River Valley, and I think, by all the information I could gather, that unless troops are sent there an outbreak by the Indians is inevitable.

Hoping this report will be satisfactory, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. DALEY,

First Lieutenant, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I write to report to the major-general commanding the department that in a few days one or two companies of the new regiment (the First Oregon Infantry) will be mustered into the service of the United States. It is my present intention to let them remain at Salem, the seat of government for the winter. My letters of the 7th and 19th ultimo have apprised you of the reasons for that course. Besides, it will aid materially by the magnetism of numbers the recruiting officers in raising the balance of the companies. Such is the opinion of the Governor of Oregon. A recruiting rendezvous has already been established at Salem, Captain J. M. Drake, First Oregon Cavalry, in command, who is the officer Governor Gibbs proposes to appoint lieutenant-colonel of the new regiment when four companies are raised. I shall leave the companies mustered in, as well as the recruits, under the orders of Captain Drake.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 263. San Francisco, Cal., December 5, 1864.

James Gamble, esq., of San Francisco, having reported to these headquarters as assistant superintendent of the U. S. military telegraph for the District of California he will be recognized and respected accordingly. Mr. Gamble will take immediate steps to make the necessary requisitions on the department at Washington for the means and material to lay a submerged cable from Alcatraz to Point Blunt, Angel Island, and from Alactraz to Point San Jose, and for putting up wires from Point Blunt to the battery on Raccoon Straits, the water battery at Camp Reynolds, and the southwest battery at Angel Island: also for connecting Point San Jose, the Presidio of San Francisco, and Fort Point with the department headquarters. Each of the stations above named will be provided with dial instruments. As this work is a means of defense of the first importance, Mr. Gamble will urge that the means and material be furnished with the utmost dispatch.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

