
revengefulness in the minds of the valley Indians, and need a controlling influence amongst them. Undersigned therefore respectfully ask that a detachment of troops be sent to said region and stationed either on Bishop's Creek and Camp Independence or other suitable points in said valley, to remain there at least until the influx of settlers in the spring shall make the settlements strong enough to protect themselves and their property and to control as well bad and dangerous white men as hostile Indians. And your petitioners will ever pray, &amp;c.

W. R. OWENS,

H. W. BRIGGS,

PASCHAL BEQUETTE,

[AND 83 OTHERS.]

SALEM, OREG., December 8, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJ. ALVORD

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: Second Lieutenant Charles Lafollett has raised a company of ninety-four men. They will all behere to-morrow, ready to be mustered into the service. As the accommodations are not very good for them here, I urgently recommend that they be sent to some post as soon as possible after they are received. For a number of reasons I would recommend that they be sent to Fort Hoskins or Yamhill-perhaps part at each. I would prefer to have Captain Scott's company sent to Vancouver or some other place rather than have Lafollett's men sent away. I understand there are plenty of stores at Fort Hoskins, and that it is a good place to keep and drill men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, December 9, 1864.

Honorable J. CONNESS,U. S. Senator for California, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose a copy of a letter* from my chief commissary of subsistence on the subject of issues and sales of subsistence stores from the commissary department at military posts to indigent and suffering emigrants, and an extract of my letter on the subject of issues of subsistence stores by the U. S. Commissary Department to Indian prisoners; both these papers have been sent to the War Department. Both are of the deepest interest to the people whom you represent, and the whole of the Pacific Coast. Authority has heretofore been granted in both cases, and in both it is of importance to be granted now. You will see that the commissary here is helpless to do anything except against the existing regulations. The question is with the Secretary of War or Congress. I think you will find the Commissary Department at Washington unfavorable to the granting of this authority, as it takes from their stores and they fear abuses. Abuses may occur, but not if I can help it, and even if they do, it is no reason to withhold the authority asked. In case of the Indians it saves thousands of dollars to the United States for the tents it costs, and in case

---------------

*See Sullivan to Drum, October 25, p. 1030.

---------------

