
of the emigrants, commanders of posts cannot refuse to help starving men, women, and children. One of the principal benefits derived from many of our military stations on the line of emigration is to assist as well as protect the worn-down and exhausted emigrants who come to make a return for the help thus given by developing the wealth of the country of which the Government reaps the advantage. However, the case must be too plain to you who know all of the circumstances.

I bespeak it your active co-operation, and am, yours, truly and sincerely,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, December 9, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose:

I. A letter, dated November 2, 1864, from General Placido Vega,* Mexican Army, concerning some arms and munitions of war which he had purchased in this place to take to Mexico. Accompanying it is a copy of a correspondence between the collector of the port and the special agent of the Treasury Department, and ex-Surveyor-General Beale. +

II. A copy of my answer to General Vega, dated November 26, 1864,# with inclosures, marked A and B. The correspondence so fully explains itself that I need add nothing concerning the subject of which it treats. The seizure of these arms was reported in my letter of August 17, 1864, to the Adjutant-General of the Army. As it concerns officers of the Treasury Department, I beg to suggest, in justice to the collector, it be referred to the Secretary of the Treasury.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL.

Major-General, Commanding Department.

P. S. - This communication having been delayed at the request of Collector James to enable his answer to be received, is now forwarded (December 19) with Colonel James' letter of the 14th instant, with its inclosures. @

Very respectfully,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

[Inclosures.] OFFICE OF THE SPECIAL AGENT OF THE U. S. TREASURY FOR THE PACIFIC COAST, San Francisco, July 18, 1864.

CHARLES JAMES, Esq.,

Collector, &amp;c.:

SIR: The proposed re-exportation "to the place of original shipments," by the ---, of arms heretofore imported into the United States seems about to be defeated by your action as collector of this port, and this, too, I respectfully submit without an adequate reason. The order of the President of the United States of November 21, 1862, forbidding

---------------

*See p. 1038.

+Follows.

#See p. 1073.

@See p. 1096.

---------------

