
delay necessary in obtaining authority from Washington should, in my opinion, be avoided if possible. I therefore request that authority be granted for boring an artesian well. In the event of hostilities from any quarter the works now recommended will be absolutely necessary for a successful defense of this post, and I now therefore respectfully request that the commanding general will take them into immediate consideration.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. WINDER,

Captain, Third Artillery, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, September 10, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Column from California:

I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that the Apache Indians are troublesome at points in the district remote from the stations of troops, and I am just apprised of the murder by them of two persons near San Elizario. I hope to a great extent to be able to check and punish these outrages with the forces under my command, but I cannot occupy the entire district, and the Indians pounce down upon a locality that is for the moment unprotected. Against such a misfortune the inhabitants apply to me for arms and ammunition. Powder is the most required, and I have issued some saved by guards, but the quantity is very limited. I beg respectfully to ask the commanding general's attention to this matter, and in this connection I would state that I have been applied to by a person desirous of purchasing private arms in this Territory for permission to take such purchases across the line into Mexico. I have withheld my permission, not deeming it policy to allow arms to be sent from a country where they are obviously so much needed, until General Carleton's pleasure in the premises can be known. I failed rightly to understand or remember the general's instructions in regard to the arms that were advised en route for the Pima Indians. I have directed the commanding officer at Tucson to take charge of them until further orders, which are respectfully asked by,

Sir, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., September 10, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Column from California:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post on the 7th instant of Captain Whitlock's company (F), of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers. I am anxiously awaiting further instructions from the commanding general in regard to sending Captain Davis forward. I have twice reported that no more than six wagons can be taken by Captain Davis toward the Rio Grande, there being no more animals on

