
loyal and responsible citizens, who were ready to give every security that the powder should be used for balsting and nothing else. Every available influence, including joint resolutions of the Legislature, signed and forwarded by the Governor, was brought to bear upon the Government to induce it to change its determination without effect. I do not desire the good opinion of those minds (few, I must think them) who see French gold or any base motive in the simple performace of duty. It is not my province to dictate the foreig policy of the Government. I execute laws: I do not make them. And if I did, what security have I that these arms might not fall into other and very different hands than those intended? Depend upon it, I shall not betray a trust for applause or to escape anathema.

Respectfully,

CHARLES JAMES,

Collector.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, December 9, 1864

Honorable JOHN CONNESS,U. S. Senator, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: Just before you left for the East you mentioned having received a copy of General Vega's letter to me, and you may recollect I remarked I had not received the original. I will now say I have not yet received it, and that General Vega has told me he did not send it to me, and that he has written me another letter, which he gave me in person. What the letter of which you have a copy contained, and why not sent, I do not know. The letter received I have answered, and have sent the letter and a copy of my answer to the War Department. As you are interested in the case, I send you herewith a copy of my answer. * I do not send Vega's letter, for it is very long, but should you have occasion to desire to see it, you will find it at the War Department. It would be wel in the interests of Colonel James our worthy collector, if the correspondence as I sent it to Mr. Stanton could go to the Treasury Department. + I would send a copy to the Secretary of the Treasury were it not to do so.

Yours, truly and sincerely,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., December 10, 1864.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

I have to report in answer to your telegram that I have not, and have not had the slightest intention to order, a draft in Oregon or in any part of my command, nor have I indicated any such purpose to any one. Under the special authority you have given me in connection with the Governors of Oregon, California, Nevada, Idaho, and Utah, and the State bounties given by California and Oregon, I hope to raise sufficient force without drafting which in any case I would not think of doing without your knowledge and orders.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 1073.

+It was so transmitted by the Secretary of War January 17, 1865, and returned by the Treasury Departemnt January 26, 1865, with the statement that copies of the same had been received from the collector at San Francisco.

---------------

