HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, December 10, 1864

General PLACIDO VEGA,Mexican Army, &amp;c., San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 8th instant asking that I may cause a receipt to be given you for the seventy-one boxes of rifles, Enfield, Springfield, Sharps, &c., and other munitions of war which were taken from the sloop Haze and from warehouses by my order and are now deposited in the Benicia Arsenal; also for 208 boxes, which are detained in the custom-house of this port. In reply I have to state that the arms in the custom-house are not now and never have been under my control. Any application you may have to make with reference to them should be made to the collector of the port, as long as they continue in his possession. The ordnance officer at Benicia has already given receipts for the arms in his possession to the persons from whom he received them. You may recollect hat this question of the receipts has been very fully discussed between us at SAcramento, Senor Pacheco being interpreter. I then endeavored to explain that the ordnance officer could only give receipts to the persons from whom the arms were received.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Portland, Oreg., December 10, 1864

Brigadier General BENJ. ALORD.

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I have been informed that Company A, First Oregon Infantry, has been mustered into the service of the United States. I write to request that you will order it to such military post within your district as you may think proper, without waiting for the completion of the regiment. I have to make the same request in reference to all companies and officers of the regiment who may hereafter be mustered into the service of the United States.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS.

Governor of Oregon.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Portland, December 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. C. ENGLISH,

First Washington Territory Infantry and

Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Portland, Oreg.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Lieutenant Charles Lafollett, First Oregon Infantry, has enlisted ninety-seven men under my proclamation of October 24, 1864, and that he men are assembled at Salem, Oreg., ready to be mustered into the service of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS.

Governor of Oregon.

