
House. He subsequently called for a copy of the correspondence between Messrs. Beale and Brown and myself, and also to say that General Vega feared that the French were about to violate the President's orders, so rigidly enforced against himself, by exporting the articles thereby prohibited on board the French steam transport Rhine, then lying in the Harbor, and to ask if she could not be ordered off. I replied that I had no poer to order he off, but would take prompt measures to see that she did not violate neutrality. This is all I know of the intercourse between those gnetlemen. My brother was, I believe, absent from the city during the months of September, October, and a part of November, and I presume had no intercourse with General Vega during that period, though I do not know, as I seldom see him. In all this matter you will remember I counseled with you, as directed by the Secretary of the Treasury, almost daily, and that our views as well as official action were in harmony.

The foregoing, I believe, comprises in substance all that I have ever said or done in regard to these arms, except in my official intercourse with other officers and departments of the Government, which, it is submitted, will be found in strict accordance with what I have here stated, as will appear from my letters and telegrams to the Treasury Department, my orderes to the revenue cutter, and my official intercourse with Generals McDowell and Mason in this connection, to all of which I beg leave to refer. I desire to call attention to that portion of General Vega's letter embraced between the words "The following communication will, I am sure, attract your attention," on the sixth page, and "These arms were considered of great importance," on the seventh PAGEof the translation. There is not, to my knowledge, any foundation for the statements therein contained. I never sent word to General Vega through Mr. Barnes or any other person that he could, if he thought propeis departure. I never had any communication with him, directly or indirectly upon the subject of his departure. I have no knowledge of any funds having been offered to him or of his not accepting them, save what is stated in his letter. He never notified me that everything was in readiness, nor of any other fact, matter, or thing, to my knowledge. I never informed him that he could dispose of only 5,000 rifles on deposit at the custom-house, on the payment of $8,984. 60 or on the payment of any sum, or that he could or could not dispose of any armson any conditions whatsover. I never stated to him the amount of the duties or remitted to him a memorandum thereof, nor has he in his possession any such memorandum remitted by me. General Vega did not make manifest to me a want of conformity with any promises made him, as I had no knowledge of any such promises, and have never, directly or indirectly, communicated with him upon the subjedt of any promise. I never had any conversation or communication directly or indirectly, with General Vega in regard to money, funds, ships, vessels, or expenses, except that in July Mr. Brown said he had to pay $75 a day on the vessel which was waiting to take the arms to Mexico. I never replied to General Vega nor through any other person that he must wait eight or ten days at most or any other length of time; never that in the meantime the guard ships would be sent off, nor that he might safely take advantage of the night and go to sea; never knew that he had left the city, except as I met him in Sacramento, nor for what purpose he left the city, or that he incurred expenses to raise $10,000 or that he intended to deliver or did deliver any sum to obtain the delivery of the arms. I know nothing of the ten days' delay having expired, or of what difficulties he passed through

