
during that time. He never presented himself to me personally or by proxy and informed me that the funds were ready or that any funds were ready, or that the vessel and drays were engaged, or requested that the night might be fixed or for any purpose,. act, or thing, or referred to any uderstanding nor was he then or at any other time informed by me or by any one else, to my knowledge that the 24th of October or any other day was the time for any purpose, act, or event; nor did I inform him or cause him to be informed that Gene myself had communicated by telegraph with the General Government, soliciting,&amp;c., nor is it true that we did so telegraph.

In his original communication General Vega speaks of stream guard ships to be ordered off. In the translation subsequently furnished, seventh page, the word 'steam" is left out. There was no steamship or vessel here subject to my orders, at the period of time he refers to, nor had there been for months previous. In this business, I believe there is no complaint of a want of vigilance on my part. General Vega complains in substance that I gave him to understand that I would relax my vigilance that he might evade the President's orders, but that when brought to the test I failed to comply. I cannot conceive of a more unfounded accusation. General Vega was but one of many who applied for my consent for the export of arms, each representing his case as onerous, some claiming theirs to be of peculiar hardship, and most to be actuated by noble motives. All have been treated alike; all told that the thing was impossible. No misunderstanding appears to have arisen in any case but his. What I now say may explanation the exception. General Vega states that he has in his operations particularly taken the advice of Mr. Brown, from the importance of his official position. I beg you to notice that in the latter part of Mr. Brown's letter to me under date of July 21, 1864, copy of which I here inclose, Mr. Brown says that he did not inform me that the arms were intended for Mexico. If this statement, which I think must appear somewhat surprising to General Vega, is to be taken as true against mine that he did so inform me and which statement he says is made to correct an error into which I had inadvertently fallen, then this trusted adviser appears as one advocating the re-export of arms to Hamburg whence they came, and where they could not be of much service to General Vega, while General Beale, to whom General Vega refers in the same sentence as another adviser, is striving to get them off to Mexico, where, according to him there is an alarming necessity for them. This is the case of ahouse divided against itself. It presents a state of facts calculated to give rise to errors, misunderstanding and misinformation. I do not desire to pursue the subject. If Mr. Brown has acted faithfully up to the character assigned him by General Vega it would appera that he had done so by false pretenses, and by violating his official obligations; if his written communication to me are sincere, then he has betrayed the cause confided to his guidance. In any event it appears difficult to reconcile his conduct with candor or truth, and one who should confide in the counsels or information such a man would be likely to give might fall into errors. My letters and telegrams to the Department, to which I have referred you, are as follows: Telegram, dated July 21, 1864; letter, July 22, 1864; letter, July 23, 1864; telegram, July 29, 1864; telegram, August 7, 1864; letter, August 13, 1864; letter, October 26, 1864.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES JAMES.

Collector.

