
there is no probability of General Connor's services being needed this winter, I approve of his having the leave asked.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 275. San Francisco, Cal., December 17, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. Company I, Ninth Infantry, is hereby detailed to take post in this city and form part of the provost guard, relieving Company E, same regiment. The latter company will proceed to and take post at Fort Point.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutatn-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, December 17, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has attentively considered your several communications of October 17 (by telegraph), October 30, and December 2. He directs me to say that he does not see that the instructions of Major-General Halleck to you direct require you to quit your district for the purpose you seem to have contemplated-that of inaugurating a campaign and carrying on systematically operations against the Indians east of the Rocky Mountains by troops from this coast. The subsequent telegram from General Halleck says it was not intended to tarnsfer troops or change commands. The protection beyond the limits of the district, which you were to give the overland route, was evidently to be by such movement of forces as you might be able to detach, and was required of you for a reason no longer existing, as, since they were given, General Curtis' forces have driven off the enemy, and that officer is now doubtless in a condition to look after his end of the route. Your halting you cavalry companies at Fort Bridger, instead of moving them farther east, was eminently proper. The general has approved of your ordered establishing rates of pay for Government employes from and after date of receipt herefor, and will be glad of your acitve co-operation in the economical adiministration of the affairs of the department. To avoid clashing of authority, anything that you may discover of the nature treated of in your order he wishes you th please dring to the immediate notice of the deputy quartermaster-general at department headquarters, by whom, under the Quartermaster-General and the department and the department commander, such matters are regulated. The general wishes to know what, if any, progress has been made in raising the four companies of volunteers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

