
a great many of them have families-in fact, nearly all of them. They are in a state of actual destitution and want, which is the more aggravated from the extreme severity of the winter, rendering it impossible to work even if it could be obtained, which even in any case is scarce in a mining region at this season of the year. Under these circumstances I have deemed it my duty as a Government officer to assist them in the way of provisions to some small extent, and the citizens generally have done the same. As I feel convinced that the general, if he saw them daily as I do, would do the same, I respectfully ask his approval for what I have done and his advice and orders what to do for the future. I have now the honor to refer to the subject of the Indians left here within a mile of this post by Governor Caleb Lyon, of this Territory, to be looked after. I have not the authority to feed those Indians, and altgough I have given a few of them rations for the work they did, yet the weather is so cold now that I cannot employ any of them usefully for the Government, except two who accompany the water wagon. I cannot give them any assistance without authority. The consequence is they are around the fort all the time, and they cannot either fish or hunt. I respectfully ask orders concerning their disposition. The number here is about seventy-five, men, women, and children. I have written to Governor Lyon, of this Territory, on the subject, but have not received any answer as yet. With the exception of the above everything at the post goes on well. The troops are comfortably housed, there is plenty of wood and water, and with the able assistantce of Captain Hughes, assistant quartermaster, there is not the slightest difficulty to be apprehended. We have also plenty perishing, and if this weather continues (and every indication tends that way at present) the stock in the vicinity will be almost destroyed.

Trusting to hear from the general on the above subjects as soon as convenient, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SEIDENSTRIDER,

Captain, First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Ruby, December 21, 1864.

Captain M. G. LEWIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter.:

SIR: It may have come to your notice that the Indians in the section of country around Austin have stolen stock-that is, such is the report. They have probably committed a few depredations of this kind, but in my opinion starvation is the cause. Mr. Doll, clerk in the office of the Indian agency at Salt Lake, with Interpreter Huntington, has been here and distributed blankets, &amp;c., to about twenty-five Indians of all clases, above gentlemen remained, the heavy fall of snow prohibiting the Indians from coming in. In the meantime the balance of the goods are in my hands until further orders. There are Indians at all the stations between Ruby and Austin, and a great many in the vicinity of the latter place, all destitute of food and clothing. In my opinion they should be collected together near some one of the station and provided for. The Indians in the valley might, by a little labor, be collected near this post. I have plenty of transportation to send out on the road toward

