
Austin and down Ruby Valley. I might have collected nearly all the Indians in this vicinity if I had but had the proper notice that persons were coming to distribute goods. Something should be done for them. I believe if we make good our part of the treaty they will also do the same. I have issued flour in small quantities to those near the post and can take it to those who cannot get here if necessary. Since writing the above the western mail has arrived, birnging a copy of the Reveille of the 19th, containing an account of the stealing of some horses, &amp;c., in Smoky Valley, pursuit by the whites, and the killing of three Indians. I can easily spare thirty men, if you should order me to station them in that vicinity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEROGE A. THURSTON,

Captain, First Infantry Nevada Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 22, 1864.

Hon E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith Mr. M. O. Davidson's letter to me of November 29* reporting the assemblage of a band of the enemy in the Mexican State of Sonora, who are awaiting re-enforcements from Texas, Durango, and Chihuahua to attack our advanced military posts in Arizona. Mr. Davidson is the superintendent of one of the largest mines in the Territory. I have it from many sources that numbers of disaffected men from this department are going and have gone to Sonora, and there is a general impression, in which I concur, that that country is, under Doctor Gwin, to become the rendezvous of enemies. I beg to represent that if difficulties should arise in Arizona the men and the supplies to meet it must all come from this department; that Arizona is dependent on California; that part of the posts in Arizona still, from their position and the means of communicating with them, belong to this military department, and that this Territory is now divided between the Department of the Pacific and that of Mexico; that supplies are sent now for the service in Arizona from California, and that requisitions for those posts, instead of coming here direct, have first to be sent across the country and up the Rio Grande to Santa Fe for the approval of the department commander, and then sent here to be filled. All the operations herefore undertaken against the enemy in Arizona had to be set on foot from this department. Under all these circumstances, I respectfully call attention to the application made to you by my immediate predecessor under date of March 28, 1864, for the Territory of Arizona to be reannexed to the Department of the Pacific.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 18, 1865.

Approved and recommended.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See p. 1080.

---------------

