
[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 19, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the Adjutant-General, approved, who will issue the necessary orders at once, and inform General McDowell immediately by telegraph.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 22, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication from the Peruvian consul at San Francisco, dated October 17, 1864, inviting your attention to the fact that the Peruvian Government may desire to build or purchase vessels at the port of San Francisco, which is forwarded by you for the information of the proper department, and for such instructions as may be thought proper, in view of the fact that a vessel, said to have been built for or purchased by the Government of Peru in the port of San Francisco, has been seized by you at the instrunce of the collector of the port on the supposition that she was to be used as a privateer, and is still in your custody. It has been submitted to the Secretary of War, who directs me to communicate the following in reply:

All the material for building war marine of every descritption is required for the United States Government's own use, and nothing of the kind can be permitted to be pruchased or taken from the United States, especially on the Pacific Coast, without great injury to the United States. The act of General McDowell is approved.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 22, 1864.

Governor GIBBS,

Portland, Oreg.:

This Department cannot authorize you to raise a company of cavalry veterans for hancock's corps. That organization has no cavalry; besides, its officers are all to be commissioned by the President, and thirdly, we do not want to bring troops from the Pacific Coast. Your application is declined.

EDQIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, December 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Captain Hassett is still in camp at Susanville. He reports being unable to move to Fort Churchill in consequence of bad

70 R R-VOL L, PT II

