
roads. The detachment of his company at Surprice Valley had joined him. His provisions are exhausted, and he has been pruchasing since the first of this month. He will move to Fort Churchill at the earliest moment practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 280. San Francisco, Cal., December 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. During the absence of Brigadier General John S. Mson the officer of the provost guard is this city will report to and receive their insturctions from Major Andrew W. Bowman, Ninth Infantry, who is hereby placed in charge of all matters relating to the military police of San Francisco during the time above specified.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, December 24, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJ. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: I have just received General Orders, Numbers 55. dated San Francisco, November 30, 1864. As General McDowell, acting under special instructions from the War Department, has ordered the First Regiment of Oregon Cavalry to be filled up, I suppose it is an "authorized organization" and that is officer cannot be mustered out under the above named orders unless they prefer to leave the service. If this is a correct interpretation and you concur, I have the honor tho request that all officers who desire to remain be retained, and that immediate steps be taken to fill up the regiment. As a preliminary step I would respectfully suggest that it be ascertained what officers are willing to remain in the service and who desire to go out. I have just been officially notified that A. W. Waters, second lieutenant, Oregon infantry, has enlisted eighty-four men, and that he is ready, with his company, to be mustered into the service. Hence, recruiting for the cavalry can be commenced in Washington, Yambill, Clackamas, Union, Linn, Benton, and Polk Counties without any interference with other recruiting officer on duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 26, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL and

Governor LOW,

San Francisco:

Dispatches from General Sherman announce his occupation of the city of Savannah on Wednesday, the 21st. Among the captures are

