
800 prisoners, over 25,000 bales of cotton, 13 railroad locomotives, and 195 cars. Hardee, with his infantry, escaped the preceding night.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that since my letter to you of the 3rd instant, reporting that I proposed to concentrate the companies of the new regiment of Oregon infantry as fast as mustered in at Camp Russell, near Salem, I have been compelled to change my arrangement. The ground proved in winter too wet and muddy and ungealthy, though favorably reported upon by Colonel English when he visited it in November. I shall be compelled temporarily to reoccupy Fort Hoskins, and will bring some of the companies to this post, Fort Yamhill, and Fort Dalles. In the spring they will be sent to remoter posts. The navigation to Fort Dalles is just now closed by ice, but he interruption seems likely to be very short. Company A, First Oregon Infantry (Captain Lafollett's, ninety-seven strong, reached here on the 19th instant.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, December 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. C. ENGLISH,

First Washington Territory Infantry,

Superintendent Volunteer Recruiting Service,

Oregon and Washington Territory, Portland, Oreg.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Major General Irvin McDowell has called upon me to raise a regiment of cavalry. A copy of the call you will find inclosed. Recruting for the regiment can now be commenced in Washington, Yamhill, Clackamas, Union, Linn, Benton, and Polk Counties without interfering with any other recruiting officer on duty. I desire to raise the regiment as soon as possible. It is proposed to retain most of the present officers of the First Regiment Oregon Cavalry, and I suppose some of them will be ordered to report to you for duty in the recruiting service. When it is known what officers are so detailed I shall be pleased to have an opportunity to confer with you as to which counties they had better be sent. Owing to the acquaintance or influence of some of the officers in certain localities, they will be more efficient in such counties than they might in others.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

(Copy respectfully furnished for information of Brigadier General B. Alvord, commanding District of Oregon.)

