
[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, November 26, 1864.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: * * * I have received a telegram, dated the 9th instant, from General Alvord, asking authority might be given to call into service of the United States the militia in his district for nine months in case of insurrection. As you can call out the militia in the case he refers to, I have not thought it necessary to delegate this authority tof the United States, even if I have the right to do so; and from your letter I do not infer you judge there is imminent danger of insurreciton and civil war in your State, nor do I believe in the adjoining Territories. I am glad there is a fair prospect of raising the troops called for in Oregon.

* * * * * * *

There was no excuse for any difficulty; none cerainly as far as the military was concerned.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

(Copy respectfully furnished General Alvord, commanding District of Oregon.)

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, December 29, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: Your proposition for consulidation of companies in the Second and Fourth Infantry meet my approbaiton. General Mason suggests and Captain Urmy requests that Company F, Eight Infantry, when filled, be put into the Second Infantry in place of Company C, which it is proposed to consolidate with others. To this arrangement I am quite agreeable, as it will nearly or quite fill the Second Infantry, and allow Lieutenant-Colonel Wright to be mustered in as colonel, thereby obviating all the difficutlies, as explained to you in my letter of yesterday.

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 282. San Francisco, Cal., December 29, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. In honor of the victory achieved by General Sherman's army, as announced in the following telegram,* a salute of 100 guns will be fired at Alcatraz to-morrow at 12 m.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Stanton to McDowell and Low, December 26, p. 1106.

---------------

