SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC. Numbers 1. San Francisco, Cal., January 3, 1865.

1. Company B, Native Cavalry, under the command of Major Michael O'Brien, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to and take post at San Juan, Monterey County, Cal. The quartermaster's and commissary department will furnish the necessary transportation and subsistence.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,

Camp Douglas, Utah Ter.,

Near Great Salt Lake City, January 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th [17th] ultimo, apprising me of the views of the department commander relative to the late orders of Major-General Halleck on the subject of protection to the Overland Mail Route. As stated in former communications, I understood the orders of General Halleck to be render such protection as I could to the overland mail between Salt Lake City and Fort Dearny "without regard to district and the speedy punishment of the savages who had then recently depredated so seriously east of the Rocky Mountains, I entertained the opinion heretofore expressed that the orders contemplated the movement of a part of my troops to the scene of difficulty, if practicable or deemed advisable, but that no transfer of troops or change of command was intended. For the reasons communicated to department headquarters in my letter of December 2, last, I halted my troops at Fort Bridger, whence they were not to be removed until further orders, and am pleased to learn that that course meet the approval of the department commander. The necessity for further movement no longer exists, as General Curtis is fully able to protect the road along the Platte, and to the limits of this department. In response to your inquiry as to "what, if any, progress has been made in raising the four companies of volunteers in Utah," I have the honor to state that since the receipt of your letter I have seen Governor Doty, and he informs me that he addressed to Major-General McDowell a letter October last, declining to raise volunteers in this Territory for reasons which commended themselves to his judgment, and which he would be pleased to give if the department commander so desires.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District of Utah.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., January 4, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication which I received from R. A. Washington, a young Indian of the Pi-Ute tribe. The letter is of his own composition and penmanship. In

