
1859 Major Dodge, Indian agent for Nevada Territory, took young R. A. Washington, then only thirteen years old, to Lancaster, Pa., placed him in a school at that place, where he remained for three years, when Mr. Lockhart, the present Indian agent, brought him back to this State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.] FORT CHURCHILL, NEV. TER., December 22, 1864.

Major C. McDERMIT,

Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post:

SIR: I just returned from Owen's River with Captain Charley, Interpreter George, Whem, and two or three other chiefs from Walker River. We did not go on our own will; the chief sent for us. While we vere there we had a long conversation with the head chiefs, and also with the others, before leaving for homes. They all wished peace with the settlers; not only the settlers, but with all the white people who may tranverse their country, except one tribe and a chief. This small tribe is east of the river, and I think the whites call them Panement Indians. This tribe is bound to be hostile, and not only the whites, but with the Owen's River Indians, because they do not join them to carry on hostility. Further, this chief, who is displeased with the whites, is a California Indian (his name is Wa-keen [Joaquin] Jim). He committed some depredation in California, and when he found out the whites were make himself safe. After he got well asquainted with these Indians he encouraged them to make war against the whites before they should concentrate in large numbers. He told them that by so doing they could keep them out with ease; so the Indians took his world and prepared for the war. But when so many of their warriors got killed there by the side of Owen's Lake they kind of weakened. Not only weakened, but got displeased with Wa keen [Joaquin] Jim, and gave up all hopes for war, for they thought the soldiers were too heavy for them. Ever since this uproar the Indians have been down on him, because many of the Indians got killed that was not guilty of doing anything wrong. So this chief by so doing ge got all the Indians down on him. If he had not got them into trouble or incommoded them any way he could have disguised himself. The Indians told us "all we are lacking in an interpreter," because none of them can speak the English language well enough to interpret what the chief wish to communicate to the settlers about his Indians, and to tell them what their wishes are, so settlers could see that they were for general compromise. Sone of the settlers told us the Pi-Utes were coming there to join with the Indians living there to make war against the settlers. I told them that was not so, for the Pi-Utes know that's an impossibility for them to molest the whites. And, further, I told them the commander of Fort Churchill, who was well acquainted with all of us and nearly the whole nation, and who is though good deal of by the Indians, could easily tell them whether the Pi-Utes were going there to molest the settlers, for we told him where we was going, so that he could tell where we were. They all requested us to visit them in spring, so that we can tell them the Indians want and what they wish to tell the whites. If there were an agent and good interpreter there they would have no fusses and no misunderstanding at all. Since we got home we heard they had some trouble down there with the

