
Indians, and I think that was caused by that tribe east of the said river, for when we were coming by they had come in and confiscated several horses, so the owners of the horses tracked them over in their vicinity. Also, they was where they had killed one or two of the horses; so from what I hear these Indians came over to steal some more horses, and before they distruded the horses they killed couple men. After killing the men they tried to disquise themselves, but the whites caught them and some of the Indians living around and killed them. So by not having any interpreter they could not settle it very well. So just as I have already said, if there was an interpreter and a good respectable man who looks for the interest of natives it would be settled without any difficutly, because not every one is opposed to war-only those hypocrites listens not to what any person tells them. The country we passed through I admired very much, not only just to live in, but for agriculture and to raise cattle and sheep, &amp;c. I saw several little valleys and creeks cool as ice water. The scenes of the country was a curiosity to me, for I had never traversed that country before, and all the land that's fit agriculture is well supplied with water, so that it is no trouble to irrigate. So for that reason there ought to be a treaty made with the Indians, and Indian agent stationed there to get the natives to compromise, and instruct them to civilization and quit their barbarous actions and way of their ancertors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. WASHINGTON,

Pi-Ute Interpreter.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 5, 1865.

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.:

With the concurence of Governor Low, I wish leave of absence for Captain Allen L. Anderson, Fifth U. S. Infantry, to enable him to become the colonel of the Eighth California Infantry, now organizing at this place. If granted, please send order for captain (two is now in Arizona) to me by telegraph, and I can send it to him by express.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

FORT KLAMATH, OREG., January 5, 1865.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith for the information of the general commanding a copy of Mr. Huntington's letter relative to Indian affairs at this post and an extract of Mr. Huntington's annual report for 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. KELLY,

Captain, First Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Salem, Oreg., December 12, 1864.

Captain KELLY,

Commanding Fort Klamath:

SIR: I have delayed replying to your letters in relation to Indian affairs in your section because I was undetermined whether or not I

