
would visit Fort Klamath during the present month. I find, however, that the severity of the winter forbids my doing so until spring. In the meantime I request you, if opportunity offers, to communicate with Po-li-ni, to say to him that I have received his messages and given them attention. The Warm Springs Indians and the soldiers at The Dalles will not go out to make war upon him until I have seen and talked with him. I desire to make provisions for his people similar to those made for the Klamath and Modoc Indians. He must, however, if he wishes to be unmolested, avoid the road, commit no more depredations upon whites, and not go near the Warm Springs Reservation. I am glad to know that he desires to submit to the Government and cease war, but he cannot expect that that Indians and whites whom he has been robbing and trying to kill for many years will refrain from shooting him if he goes where they are. If he makes a treaty and observes it he will then have a claim to the protection of the Government. The women which have been taken from his tribe at various times will be given up whenever he makes a treaty, and he will be expected also to give up the women and childred which his people have stolen from the friendly Indians at Warm Springs. I shall come to talk with him as early in the spring as the roads, &amp;c., will permit, at which time I will explain the wishes of the Government more in detail. I am much indebted to you for your efforts to assistme in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. P. HUNTINGTON,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon.

[Inclosure Numbers 2. - Extract from J. W. P. Huntington's (superintendent of Indian affairs) annual report for 1864.]

From such information as I have been able to gather from Indian cheifs and the military officers at Fort Klamath, I estimte the number of the Klamath and Modoc tribes at between 1,200 and 1,500 souls. Last winter Captain Willian Kelly, then in command at Fort Klamath, finding those bands in a suffering condition, ussued to them 9,921 1/2 pounds of beef, 11,401 pounds of flour, adn some other small articles of subsitence from the military stores, under instructions from the military department. Captain Kelly afterward presented a bill of $2,518. 40 9/20 (this being the value of the supplies furnished) to this office for payment. As the issues had been made without authority from this office, and without previous notice of the intention to make them I did not consider myself authorized to pay the account, but I deem it proper to say that the condition of the Indians needed some assistance-necessary not only upon humane grounds, but in order prevent them from resorting in great want. The course of Captain Kelly, in my judgment, had a most salutary effectin conciliating the Indians and rendering future control of them easy and economical. It is but justice that the Government should sanction the expenditure.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: A mail was losst in the Umpqua River by the upsetting of a stage on the 5th of December. If you sent me anything of importance from about the 27th to 30th of November it will be well to send me

