
a duplicate. Query: Was any action taken on the resignation of Captain W. V. Spenser, First Washington Territory Infantry, assistant commisary of musters, forwarded by me November 14? I requested it should not be accepted. Also was there any reply to my dispatch of the 19th of November on the subject of authority to call out the militia in case of emergency?

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 6, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to ackonowledge the receipt of a communication from the State Department to your* inclosing the translation of a note from the French minister dated the 12th of November, 1864, relative to the alleged construction in U. S. ports, and especially in that of San Francisco, of vessels intended to serve as privateers under letters of marque from the President (Juarez) of Mexico, on which letter was indorsed your orders to take all necessary precautions to prevent the arming or fitting out of vessels of war intended to be used in depredations on French commerce. On the receipt of these orders I immediately sent for the French consul, and inquired of him whether he knew or had any cause to believe or suspect the any vessel was being constructed, armed, or fitted out in this port for the purposes before mentioned. He replied he knew of none, unless it was the Colon. The Colon is a steamer said to have been for the Peruvian Government, and which I have and have had under guard for several months past. The seizure was reported to you some time since. I asked the consult it what way he connected the Colon with any operations against the French. He replied only because the captain was a friend of the Mexican General Vega, and that he had every reason to believe that General Vega had in his possession letters of marque to be issued to parties in this place, but that he had been unable to fit out any vessel. I have been and shall continue to be strict in every concerning vessels leaving this place, or of being built in tese waters which can in any way be converted into privateers, either against our commerce or that of foreign nations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 6, 1865.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department instructs me to inform you that as soon as the organization is completed three companies of the Eighth California Infantry will be sent by the last of

---------------

* See Seward to Stanton, November 25, p. 1068.

---------------

