HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 10, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The act of Congress of February 20, 1862, the fortification appropriation bill, says, "For defenses in Oregon and Washington Territory at or near the mouth of the Columbia River, $100,000, if in the judgment of the President the same or any part thereof should be advisable. " I had not seen the above until a few days before I wrote you on the 27th ultimo. I do not know what action has been taken in reference to the same. The dispatch of Brigadier-General Wright of 20th of September, 1860, as well as mine of the 27th ultimo, contemplates the erection of batteries at the mouth of the Columbia. I hope that the above appropriation may be applied to commence them and further estimates be made to continue them. Whether they should form a portion of the permanent fortifications to be erected, the engineers could decide. you no doubt noticed that in the requisitions for heavy ordnance, &amp;c., forwarded on the 27th ultimo, it was expressly stipulated that the vessel or vessels should be chartered to await at Astoria instructions as to where the articles should be landed. I suppose that one-half should be landed at Baker's Bay, near Cape Disappointment, and the other half at the site for a fortification selected above Point Adams. The object of this communication is respectfully to commend this matter to the attention of the general commanding, and to recommend that the time intervening before the arrival of the ordnance should be employed by the engineers in preparing said batteries. They cannot reach here before next summer under the supposition of the most favorable action of the Ordance Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., September 11, 1862.

(Received 11 a. m. 12th.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

If 1,000 men for the war are placed in Panama from this State will you provide them passage thence?

WM. M. LENTER.

M. JESSUP.

EUGENE SULLIVAN.

WM. D. CHAPLIN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 11, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that as soon after the receipt of this order as practicable three companies of your regiment, with your headquarters, will take up the line of march for New San Pedro, and go into camp at or near old Camp Drum. You will withdraw from Fort Barrett one company of your regiment, which, with the one left by you, will constitute the garrison of Fort Yuma,

