
Legislature of 24the of October, 1864, providing for payment of $150 bounty "to every soldier who shall hereafter enlist for three years or during the war in any regiment, battalion, or company now organized or herafter to be organized or raised as part of the quota of volunteers of this State, "&amp;c., was not intended by the members of the Oregon Legislature for any but the First Oregon Infantry. I desire to say that this must be a mistake, as at the first of the session I saw that a bill had been introduced by Mr. Donnell providing for bounties only to the Oregon cavalry. I instantly wrote to Mr. Donnell beging him to modify the language of the bill so as to apply to any troops which might be called for, as no one then knew what kind of troops would be called for. The bill passed so as clearlry to include either cavalry or infantry. It is essential in the new effort to raise the Oregon cavalry that the same bounties shall be promised as have been promised the Oregon infantry. The law and unmistakably provides for them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS CANYON CITY ROAD EXPEDITION,Camp Watson, Oreg., January 11, 1865-2 a. m.

ACTING ASSISTATN ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that an express has just come into camp the news of Indians being on a raid at Cottonwodd Creek. I leave for the scene of action immedialety with Lieutenant Hand and twenty men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. SMALL,

Captain, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 14, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication of Captain Thomas C. Sullivan, commissary of subsistence, at San Francisco, Cal., of October 25, 1864, based upon a communication of Captain William Kelly, First Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, commanding Fort Klamath, Oreg., in which he reports that he has directed commissary stores to be issued to a party of suffering emigrants on their way to Jacksonville form the Eastern States, for a consideration to those who could buy and gratuitously to those who could not. Captain Sullivan has disapproved such issue, for the reason that there is no authority for it. Accompanying these papers is your recommendation that authority be given "to make issue and sales of commissary stores to indigent and suffering emigrants. " The Commissary-General of Subsistence recommends "that each issue and sale to distressed emigrants be allowed to stand on its won merits, and that the commanding officer be required to support his accounts by evidence of the exigency of the case," and this recommendation is approved by the Secretary of War.

I am, sir, &c.,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.

