SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 20. San Francisco, Cal., January 26, 1865.

* * * * * * *

5. Of the two companies now assigned to Monterey County, Major Michael O'Brien will retain at San Juan such number of infantry and cavalry as may in his judgment be sufficient for the purpose for which that place has been occupied by a military force, and will station the remainder of the companies in the public buildings on the U. S. military reservation at Monterey. He will make his own headuqarters either at Montery or San Juan, as the interest of the service may from time to time require.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major-Geneal McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistatn Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, January 26, 1865.

Major MICHAEL O'BRIEN,

Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, San Juan, Cal.:

SIR: The major-general commanding the department desires you on taking possession of the reserves at Monterey, Cal., to ascertain and report what person or persons are now residing at or doing business on they reside on or occupy any portion of said reserves; if there is any written aggrement authoritizing them to be there; whether they have agreed to pay any rent, and if so, to whom has it been paid. The general directs that all persons residing or doing business on either of the reservation without authority, expect those named in the special order sent you to-day, will be warned to leave them. You will consult with the district attorney and find out through him the extent of the reservations and what lands have herefore been claimed as belonging to the United States.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistatn Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., January 29, 1865.

ASSISTATN ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that from reliable information received from a number of loyal and most respectable citizens of Reynolds and Catherine Creeks, toward the Burneau River, about sixty or seventy vicinity, I have, in consequence of the weaher having moderated, dispathched an expedition, consisting of Captain O'Regan and twenty-five men, to that vicinity with thirty days' rations for the purpose of punishing, if possible, those Indians, As this place contains all the stock (or nearly so) of the residents of Boonville, Ruby, and Silver Cities, in the Owyhee Mines, it is of the utmost importance to protect those places. The proprietors of the ranches, Messrs. Tregaskey, Jennings, and Ferguson, have offered to assist the troops in such a manner that it will

