
not be very expensive to the Government to send those men at this season of the year. I have deemed it my duty to assist the citizens there, and respectfully hope it will meet withthe general's approval. The command left here on the 27th under the charge of the senior noncommissioned officer, with orders to remain at Snake River or vicinity until the arrival of Captain O'regan. This officer will leave here on the adjournment of the general court-martial now in session at this post. It will probably conclude to-morrow. I have good hopes that this expedition will prove successful, as it is composed of picked men, who I have no doubt will give a good account of themselves if the opportunity offers, more especially as the Indians can be easily tracked at this season of the year, and the men are all supplied with everything necessary for a winter campaign.

Trusting that my action in this matter may meet with the approval of the geneal commanding the district, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully your obedient servant,

F. SEIDENSTRIKER,

Captain, First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Post.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, January 31, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I return herewith the letter addressed to Major-General Mc Dowell January 9, 1865, by Mr. N. G. Turney, transmitting a memorial from citizens of Surprise Valley, asking that a company of cavalry may be stationed on the old Lassen trail. I am opposed to establishing any permanent post in that country; but would recommend that a movable column be sent into that quarter in the early summer to portect the people in Surprice Valley, as well as the great thoroughfares, that of Lassen's trail from the northern mines. This can be accomplished at a trifling expense, and the troops withdrawn by the middle of October. I retained Captain Doughty's company of cavalry at Camp Chico during the winter, expressly with the view of making and expedition through Surprise Valley and Northeastern California during the next season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 1, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c., San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: If you deem it practicable and necessary you are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to raise a battalion of four companies of volunteers infantry. The period of service will be for one, two, or three years, as the recruits may elect. The recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to existing regulations. Bounties will be paid in accordance with the provious of Circular Numbers 27, series of 1864, form this office.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

