HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: If the general shall consider it of sufficient importance, I write to recommend that a telegram be sent to the Chief of Engineers, urging that an appropriation be obtained at this session of Congress for defenses at and near Point Defiance, on Puget Sound. He would find in his office the report on the subject of Lieutenant T. L. Casey, of Engineers, who laid off the reservation October 9, 1860. I sent a letter to General Dalafield on this subject two weeks since, through your office. I wrote in March, 1863, to the Delegate from this Territory urging the matter, but nothing has been done.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 12, 1865.

Telegraph is and has been for a long time past intercepted by Indian hostilities on the plains east of Fort Laramie, and communication with the East is not practicable. See my letter of February 11 to General Delafield.

I. McD.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 2. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 3, 1865.

The general commanding the district that the customary celebration of the 22nd of February shall take place at all the posts of this district. The example, adminitions, and Union-loving counsels of George Washington were never more important or more highly appreciated than they are at this movement. They are a constant rebuke to secessionists. On that day at all stations provided with artillery a Federal salute will be fired at Sunrise and a national salute at maridian, and the Farewell Adress of Washington read to the assembled troops.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

W. I. SANBRON,

Second Lieutenant, First Washington Territory Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP LOW, San Juan, Cal., February 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 17, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal., January 23, 1865, I left Benicia Barracks, Cal., with the company under my command, en route for San Juan, Cal., on the 24the day of January, 1865, at 8:30 a. m. Crossed the ferry to Martinez, and proceeded thence up the valley; camped at 4 p. m. at Walnut Creek. Distance marched, fourteen miles. January 25, broke campt at 7 a. m., and resumed the march up Walnut Creek and Amador Valley. Camped at 4:30 p. m. near Dougherty's ranch. Distance marched, sixteen miles.

