
Commenced raining about 8 a. m., which was continued with slight intermissions until 7 p. m. January 26, broke camp at 7:15 a. m., and proceed up the Amador Valley. Weather clear and warm. Crossed the Calaveras Creek at 1 p. m. ; thence through Sulon Valley and Livermore Pass to San Jose Mission; camped at 5 p. m. Distance marched, eighteen miles. Had heavy rains during the night. January 27, broke camp at 7 a. m. Weather clear. Found the roads near Milpitas very boggy and badly cup up. Crossed the Coyote Creek at 2:30 p. m. Found this creek much swollen by the recent rains; at the ford about 100 feet in width and 3 feet deep. Passed through San Jose and camped on the Guadalupe River at 5 p. m. Distance marched, seventeen miles. Received orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Haven, aide-de-camp to General McDowell, to hold my command in readiness to assist the sherif of Santa Clara County in quelling any disturbance that might arise at the New Almaden mines, and if the command was not called upon for this purpose, to resume the march for San Juan on the 30th instant at noon. January 30, broke camp at 11:30 a. m., after receiving five days' rations from San Francisco, and resumed the march for San Juan; at 4 p. m. camped on the Coyote Creek. Distance marched, twelve miles. January 31, broke camp at 7:30 a. m. Weather cloudy; heavy showers during the forenoon. Crossed the Argus Creek, which was two feet deep at the ford, and camped at 1 p. m. Raining very hard. Distance marched, eleven miles. About 7 p. m. had a heavy strom, accompanies by thunder and lightning, which continued about two hours, when the wind went down, but the rain did not cease until after daylingt. February 1, broke camp at 8. 15 a. m. Passed through Golroy at 11 a. m., and arrived at the Canadero Creek at 12:30 p. m. Found the creek too deep to be forded, and camped on the north bank. Distance marched, nine miles. February 2, broke camp at 7:30 a. m. Forded the Canadero Creek, which was three feet deep at the crossing. Crossed the Pajaro River by the toll bridge. Found the San Benito Creek about two feet deep at the ford; a bad steam to cross on account of its quicksand botton. Arrived at San Juan at 2:30 p. m. Distance marched, eleven miles. Whole distance marched, 107 miles; seven days' marching time, four days of almost incessant rain, roads generally level and badly cup up.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI COOK,

Captain, Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company G.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 6, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War places General Mason under your orders for a command.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, February 6, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

GENERAL: The Eighth Infantry is now substantially full. The tree companies for the Fourth Infantry are now being recruited, one each

