
in San Francisco, Sacramento, and Marysville. If another company is wanted for the Fourth it can be raised easily in San Francisco. Inclosed I beg to hand you a copy of a telegram received from the provost-marshal-general some time since, but upon which I have deferred acting until the troops needed for your department were nearly ready. I now propose to raise them while recruiting is favorable and men can be got. After they are recruited I shall from the plan I mantioned to you of putting them and the Native Cavalry together and making them up to a regiment for service in Arizona. I only propose to raise the four companies of cavalry. Their plans have been changed so that I shall not do anything about the four companies of infantry at present.

Respectfully, yours,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 30. San Francisco, Cal., February 7, 1865.

1. Company I, Eight Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Benicia Barracks on this afternoon's boat. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, February 7, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of California:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will receive General Bidwell's letter to the departmetn commander, adn a copy of the letter answered thereto, relative to affording protection to settlers in Surprise Valley. The general commanding desires you to act in conformity with the views expressed in his letter, and sent at the earliest day practicable a force to the section of the country refered to by General Bidwell and Surprise Valley memorialists. Please return General Bidwell's letter with inclosures.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, February 7, 1865.

Honorable J. BIDQELL,

Chico, Cal.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have received your letter of January 30, with its inclosures, relating to the need of military protection in the neighborhood of Honey Lake and Smoke Creek. Before your letter came to hand I received a memorial, dated Surprice Valley, Cal., January 9, signed by some 140 persons, asking that a company of dragoons might be stationed for six or eight months on the old Lassen trail, near

