
under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins. You will bring with your command one of the two ambulances at Fort Yuma. The general suggests as a better plan to send your command over by companies, and if you have not transportation for all, the first company will be sent as far as Camp Wright, and the transportation can return to Fort Yuma for the balance. District headquarters will after your arrival be established at the camp near New San Pedro.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, September 11, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

Brigadier-General CArleton, when leaving this district a few days since to assume command of the Department of New Mexico, desired me to request you to do him the favor to give your attention to the following matters: Should Lieutenant Bennett, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, superintendent of vedettes, be in your district or vicinity, be good enough to order him to report at these headquarters by first opportunity. I understood the general to say that this would leave the vedettes between Fort Yuma and Los Angeles without a superintendent, and that it was his desire that the regularity of their services should be maintained. The general also requests that you will do him the favor to release and send to California a political prisoner named J. S. Bratton on his taking the oath of allegiance.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT CRITTENDEN, September 11, 1862 - 9 p. m.

Major R. C. DRUM:

I leave for Ruby to-night. Will arrive there Saturday night. Will write from there.

P. E. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAMP LINCOLN, S[ISKIYOU] M[OUNTAIN] VALLEY, CAL., Numbers 38. Humboldt Military District, Cal., September 11, 1862.

I. The undersigned assumes command of this post.

II. Camp Lincoln will be removed to a point six miles north of Crescent City, and to the southward of Smith's River. The command will be prepared to march to-morrow at 1 p. m.

III. The acting assistant quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation to execute the above order.

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Major Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

8 R R-VOL L, PT II

