
Goose Lake, or the head of Pitt River, as in that way better protection could be given them than if they were stationed in the valey itself. And on this and your application, and in pursuance of an intention formed some time since, General Wright is instructed to take measures at the earliest practicable day to send a military force in the direction which you and the Surprise Valley memorialists have indicated.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 31. San Francisco, Cal., February 8, 1865.

* * * * * * *

6. Major William H. Jordan, Eighth Infantry California Volunteers, having been mustered into service, will repair to the military post at Cape Disappointment and assume command of the same.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, February 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Your letter of February 7, with General Bidwell's communication to the department commander, has been received. Captain Doughty, with the mounted portion of his company, about sixty men, will march from Camp Chico as soon as practicable and take post at Smoke Creek. With regard to Surprise Valley, I propose to send a detachment from Captain Melle'n company, Second Cavalry, at Camp Crook, as soon as the road is practicable, to occupy a point on the old Lassen trail west of the valey, near the headwaters of Pitt River. Fifty or sixty men from Captain Mellen's company can well be spared, as with the recruits now at Camp Union his company will number about 100 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, CommandinG.

STATE OF NEVADA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson City, February 10, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Dept. of the Pacific, Hdqrs. San Francsico, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: I would respectfully present to your consederation that at this date this State is without any infantry arms or accouterments to issue to newly organized militia companies. All infantry arms which have herefore been supplied to the Territory have been issued, and are now in possession of old organized uniformed companies. There is at date a company duly orgainized at Austin, Lander County, also one in Nye County. Neither of these companies has been supplid with

