
arms, for the reason that I have none at command. I deem it highly essential that arms should be issued to these companies, which are composed of our most estimable and loyal citizens. They have duly requested them, and I think, for various reasons, they should have them; and prominent among these reasons is the imminent danger of Indian troubles, these couties being on our border, hence more exposed than most of our State. There is no telling how soon these 'soon of the forest" may give trouble on this, as they are doing on the other, side of the Rocky Mountains. I would, therefore, most respectfully solicit that you take such steps and isue such proper orders as will place in the possession of this State at least 300 stand of infantry arms and accounterments. I have jsut seen Major McDermit, who says there are arms at Fort Churchill which can be loaned to these companies unitl the arms due the State, at Benicia, can be forwarded, if ordered by you.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

HENRY G. BLASDEL,

Governor of Nevada.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Douglas, February 10, 1865 - 5:40 p. m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I learn by telegraph form Fort Laramie that the Indians, though driven from the road two days since, have again returned in increased force. The troops are insufficient to contend with them. The probabilities are that communication by stage and telegraph with the East will not be resumed for some time.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 11, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 22nd of December, 1864, I had the honor to inclose to you a letter from Mr. M. O. Davidson, written from Guaymas, Mexico, reporting the assemblage of rebels on the frontiers of Sonora. In my letter I stated that it was said and I believed that persons were going, or making arrangements to go, to Sonora from this department. Since then it has been announced openly that Messrs. Barclay Henley and Joseph Charles Ridge were in San Francisco, as agents of Dr. William M. Gwin, in connection with the affairs of Sonora and Sinaloa. Some time since I received a communication form the State Department stating that Doctor Gwin was coming to Mexico from Paris under the auspices of the French Emperor. With ervery disposition are involved, especially so with respect to those of France, and to do nothing which would in any way embarrass the Government in the delicate stae in which its affairs with that country are supporsed to be, I have left that the antecedents of Doctor Gwin were such that it was incongruons and unseemly, to say the least, that he, who is deemed out here to be an enemy to the Government of the United States, should be suffered to send and keep an agent or representative in the city for any purpose, no matter what. I therefore caused notes to be sent to Messrs.

