
the State than the War Department, I must plead in extenuation, if not in justification of my making them, that this command is so far removed from the seat of Government as to resemble in many respcts, so far as my position is concerned, a province or colony; the more so since our overland communications are temporarily obstructed, and that I do not know how otherwise matters of interest to the country, as seen from this distant point of view in connection with events transpiring here, can come before the Government. I am, moreover, induced to make them as showing an additional motive in my mind for issuing an order (copy herewith inclosed) imposing restrictions on the intercourse between this country and Mexico, and for my resolution not to allow any agent of Doctor Gwin to remain in this department. It will be seen this order is based on grounds of military precaution, mainly concerns our own citizens, and is intended to avoid the charge of interfering in any way with the rights of foreigners. If the State Department should think it better to regulate, if at all, the intercourse between this country and Mexico by the issuing of passports, I beg to ask they may be sent out in blank to the assistant provost-marshal-general. I am informed there are many articles shipped from this post to Mexico, directly or indirectly, for the use of the French troops, such as substistence and forage, with the aid of which they are better enabled to carry on their operations. I beg to ask if there is any way by which this commercial intercourse can be regulated, and, if so, whether it may not be well to have the Treasury Department give the collector the necessary instructions in the case. I omitted to say that I inclose copies (E and F) of my reply to Messrs. Ridge and Henley. *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 5. San Francisco, Cal., February 11, 1865.

Whith a view to impede the increase of bands of persons inimical to the United States, reported to be now assembling in the Mexican State of Sonora with hostile intentions toward the frontier population and frontier military posts of the United States, and at the same time to interfere the least possible with the intercourse now maintained between this country and Mexico, the following precautions will be taken:

I. No persons will be received on board on any vessel at this port fro any port in Mexico without his having previously registered his name at the office of the provost-marshal and received a permit to embark.

II. No citizen of the United States will receive a permit to embark until he has given satisfactory assurances that the object of his journey is legitimate and peaceful, and in every case of doubt until, in addition to such other measures as it may be thought necessary to take, he has taken the oath of allegiance to the United States.

III. Citizens or subjects or foreing power will receive permits on producing satisfactory evidence of their nationality.

IV. Similar precautions to those prescribed for the port of San Francisco will be taken at all other ports in this department.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

F. HAVEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

