HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 11, 1865.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Corps of Engineers, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith Major Williamson's report to me of October 7, 1864, with its inclosures-Brigadier-General Alvord's letter of September 12, 1864, to Captain Tucker, and the latter's report of Octover 17, 1864. * These papers relate to sites for fortifications on the waters of Washington Territory opening into the Straits of Juan de Fuca. At present the only reservations for sites for fortifications are such as would protect the enterance to Puget Sound (see Coast Survey or British Admiralty survey map) at Point Defiance, and the opposite shore at Gig Harbor. Point Defiance is a promontory of clay, jutting out into salt water, without any french water on it, and from its formation probably none to be had. The object of my instructions was to see how near the first fresh water was to be found. I suggest the reserve be extended to include it. Works at Point Defiance, which I think should be commenced as soon as possible, will only protect Pubet Sound, and will leave the large district waters-Admiralty Inlet, Hood's Canal, Possession Sound, and other inland water joining them-entirely defenses. I have therefore caused Major Williamson, to make a hasty reconnaissance of the heads at Amiralty Inlet and of the passage called Deception Pass, in order that military reservations may be made at these places while the land still belongs to the United States. If you concur the subject may be further acted upon and these point be surveyed and reservations formally made by the President. In the way of work I would only recommend at present those for Point Defiance, which are needed, that we may have a safe place for our vessels in those waters to retreat to, and I think immediate measures should be taken with respect to this place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter., February 11, 1865.

Colonel J. C. McFERRAN, U. S. Army,

Chief Quartermaster Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: Having been ordered here to construct a new post, I deem it my duty to inform you of the condition of this one and the duties and labors required of its present garrison, to show to yourself and the commanding general what is further necessary to speedily and successfully carry out this important order of the commanding general. Upon looking over the records of this post. I find that in July, 1864, the commanding general ordered Captain Tidball, then in command of two companies here, to build this new post. Prior to my arrival the ground had been staked off and a few cacti cleaned from the site. More than this I can see nothing to indicate work on the post. An extract from an official letter written by Captain Tidball to district headquarters, dated Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter., October 27, 1863, will give you an idea of the character and condition of the quarters at this post and the abso-

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

