
lute necessity for speedily constructing suitable quarters for the troops guarding this pass. The extract is as follows:

The present site of the post is exceedingly inconvenient for a garrison and seems to have been constructed more with a view to command the spring than from any other advantage it presented. A great amount of badly applied labor has been applied here, and the place is probably not as well adapted for defence as when it was first occupied. The quarters, if it is not an abuse oflanguage to call them such, have been constructed without system, regard to health, defence, or convnience. Those occupied by the men are mere hovels, mostly excavations in the side hill, damp, illy ventilated, and covered with the decomposed granite taken from the excavation, through which the rain passes very much as it would through a sieve. By the removal of a few tents, the place would present more the appearance of a California Digger Indian rancheria than a military post.

Tthese same huts are still used as quarters, and they are worse now than then. We have just had a long, terrific mountain storm. These huts presented truly a most wretched appearance. Those used by the officer were no better than those occupied by the men, so far as leaking was concerned. Repairing these quarters is out of the questin, therefore new ones, should be constructed as speedily as possible for the quartermaster's animals and beef-cattle, quartermaster's stores, ordnance and subsistance stores, quartermaster's stable, commissary corral. There are only about men enough for two guards in addion to cut and haul fuel and hay and haul water. Escort duty and other work about the post makes duty very hard on this garrison, and in addition, to expect them to build a post is truly a great expectation. I have as many men as I could well spare out about twenty miles geting out lumber. They are getting along well, considering the stormy weather. Plenty of timber, pine of the best quality, also hard-wood timber. I will find out what kinds and fitness and report. There is no charcoal, onsequently a party must burn some. I have carefully observed the working of affairs here, and I consider it absolutely necessary that another company be sent here to enable me to properly carry on this work. Captain Simpson's company, now at Fort Goodwin, on account of its strength and being of the same regiment as the one now here, would be desirable; could be got here in less time than any oter, and sent back as soon as the work is done here. In this case for masons can be advantageously employed, and I recommend that they be procured and sent here in time to get here when the company does. It is impracticable to get them here. I also recommend that one good carpenter be employed. As to building material for the post timber will be procured from the present lumber camp. Captain Quintana, Captain G. C. Smith, assistant qartermaster, and myself cordially agree that it would be better and cheaper to build the post of stone. I am decidedly of the opinion that no their structure should be commenced here. Limestone is abundant, and from my own experiments and the assurance of a man in this company who has had experience in burning lime, I think it the very best quality of limestone; there is abundance of it within 200 yards of either post. I have asked for only what, after careful observation here, I deem absolutely necessary, and I sincerely hope it will receive the favorable consideration of both yourself and the commanding general.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavarlry California Volunteers, Commanding

