
soldiers subversive of good order and military discipline. My attention has been particularly called to the article in relation to the quality and quantity of the rations issued to the soldiers at Camp Union. I have very fequently inspected the messes at Camp Union, and I ungesitatingly procounce all such statements and complaints entirely groundless. With the gentleman of my staff and others I went to the camp to-day and critically examined all the company messes at 12m. ; this without any previous notification. I questioned the company commanders, the commisary sergeants as well as the cooks, and they all say the full ration according to law is received from the commissary and cooked for their men; that the quality is excellent, and that they have no complaints; that occasionally the fresh beef is poor, but on the whole is a fair sample of beef furnished in the marked for this community at large. I examined the commissary stores and found the pork and bacon of superior quality, and all others parts of the ration of the same quality as is habitually issued to the Army. Company officers are required to inspect every meal, and see personally that their men are supplied with full rations of goon quality and regulation allowance. No man has ever complained through the proper channel, adn I am determined to put a stop to this resort to disaffected newspapers, whose only aim is to make the soldier dissatisfied with the service and to cast reflections on the military administration of the department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, Cal., February 20, 1865.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento City, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT: Yours of the 8th instant was received to-day. I have the honor to report that Lassen's trail is the only direct route to Goose Lake from this post, and the distance is variously estimated from 85 to 100 miles. Good water and grass the whole distance. There are two bad points on the road-one twenty-five miles from the post at the crossing of the divide into Round Valley; the other in the canon at the upper end of the valley where Pitt River has washed away the road. The road is in order for pack trains, but not for wagons, and I am not advised as to the amount of labor required to make it passable for teams. The time when the route is open in the spring depends upon the severity of the winter, though it is usually in condition by the last of May.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. MELLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 21, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The Battalion of Mountaineers serving in Humboldt District, California, mustered into service for three years, have now served two years.

