
and claim their discharge on the ground, and they allege, that the special service for which they were called out, the suppression of the Indian hostilities, has been fulfilled. The conditions, promises, and circurmstances attencing the entry of the troops into service are such as it si for the interests of the public service and a matter of equity to the men that they be discharged adn replaced by other volunteers, raised without any special condition as to service whatever, and we ask authority to have them mustered out immediately.

F. F. LOW,

Governor of California.

IRIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 41. San Francisco, Cal., February 21, 1865.

* * * * * * *

3. Lieutenant Colonel Charles O. Wood, Eighth Infantry California Volunteers, will assume command of his regiment and retain the same until the arrival and muster in of the officer appointed colonel. The regimental adjutant and quartermaster will report for duty to Colonel Wood, at Alcatraz.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Asistant Adjutant-General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 40. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 21, 1865.

I. Paragraph I, of Special Orders, Numbers 12, of January 19, 1865, from these headquarters, is hereby rescinded, and company of First Oregon Infantry therein named (now Applegate's) will, when mustered into the service of the United States, repair to Fort Vancouver. The qaurtermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

W. I. SANBORN,

Second Lieutenant, First Washington Territory Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 23, 1865.

Brigadier General A. B. DYER,

Chief of Ordnance Department of the Pacific.)

(Through Headquarters Department of the Pacific.)

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose to you copies of letters to me of the 22nd of December, 1862, and May 4, 1864, from your predecessors, Generals Ripley and Ramsay. * You will please notice that in answer to several communications from me made through the Ingineer Departmetn, on the 22nd of Decempber, 1862, General Ripley promised, as the

---------------

* For Ripley's letter see p. 259; that of Ramsay; s is omitted.

---------------

