SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 130. Fort Humboldt, September 11, 1862.

I. Captain Schmidt with Company B, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Fort Humboldt on the 16th instant, and relieve Captain Gibbs and his company at that post, of which he will assume command.

II. Immediately on the arrival of Company B, Second Infantry California Volunteers, at Fort Humboldt, Captain Gibbs with Company E, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Camp Curtis, near Arcata, where he will take post until further orders.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Second Infty. California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Walla Walla, September 11, 1862.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Reliable information having been furnished me that a small party of Indians contemplated an attack upon the Government train between Snake River and Fort Colville, I have the honor to report that I have this day dispatched Captain Taylor, First Washington Territory Infantry, with an escort of ten mounted men, commanded by Lieutenant Apperson, First Oregon Cavalry, to examne into and report the facts. The depot at Palouse Crossing was moved from the right to the left bank of Snake River by the agent in charge for safety, in his fears that he would be disturbed by disaffected Indians, and that the public property was in jeopardy. It appears that on the Fort Colville road there has been some manifestation of hostile movements toward the Government employes, and that danger exists to the property in their charge. I have deemed it proper to send at once, and before any violence occurs, a small party on the road to examine into the matter. Captain Taylor is at present unemployed, and [I am] indispposed to give him command of his company until I hear the result of his resignation. He has been selected for this duty. He is instructed carefully to examine into the disposition, temper, and character of the different tribes of Indians, or of individual Indians, bordering the route, inquire into the truth of the late reports, and lay the result of his inquiry before Major Rumrill, commanding Fort Colville, which post he is directed to reach. He is to be here on his return not later than the 26th instant, when all the facts will be reported to you. It is made the duty of the small force under Lieutenant Apperson, accompanying Captain Taylor, to act purely as an escort to the latter officer unless any attack is made upon the train. It is expected that the command at Fort colville will be enabled to protect its supply train, and the principal object now is to get authentic information for the commanding officer of that postting to the safety of the supply train on its present upward trip. The undersigned is impressed with the belief that the surest mode to prevent Indian difficulties in this district of country is to employ the available force of his command in crushing out at once the early evidences of

