
OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA TERRITORY,

San Francisco, Cal., February 24, 1865.

Colonel R. D. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: As directed by Major-General McDowell, commanding the department, I have the honor to submit my views as to the number of troops absolutely necessary for the protection of Arizona. The posts now occupied in the Territory are, so far as I have been able to learn as follows: Fort Mojave, one company Fourth Infantry California Volunteers; Fort Whipple, one small company Fifth Regular Infantry and one New Mexican cavalry; Fort Goodwin, one company First California Cavalry and one company New Mexican infantry; Fort Bowie (Applie Pass), one company New Mexican infantry; Tubac, one company California cavalry. After consulation with His Excellency Governor Goodwin as to the wants of the Territory, I have arrived at the following conclusions: That the post of Fort Yuma should be garrisoned for the present by two companies, and Fort Mojave by one company. As these companies would probable be from the Fourth California Infantry, full companies should be sent. The balence of that regiment should be stationed at Drum Barracks as a reserve for the southern country. The object in suggesting this arrangement for this regiment is that it has but seven companies, most of them below the minimum, and if sent on distant service in Arizona or scattered elsewhere it will never be made a full and serviceable regiment, as my experience in recruiting shows that it is almost impossible to fill any old regiment under the most favorable circumstances. The Seventh Regiment of California Infantry should be put en route for Arizona at the earliest practicable moment. I name the Seventh, from the fact that it is a new three-years' regiment, full will not require continual filling up after its arrival, and at the expiration of its term can be marched back in a body for discharge. The time of expiration of its service can be exactly calculated, whilts, in the older regiments discharges will constantly be made, at the same system is now adopted as in the regular service, and some of the regiments-the Sixth and Second, for instance- have over a year's difference in the date of muster of companies. In addition to the force above mentioned the battalion of four companeis of Native California volunteers, with the troops which may possibly be raised in Arizona, will constitute such a force as in my judgment will be secessary for its defence and protection. It will be impossible for me to give a full and definite idea as to the disposition of these troops until I have been able to learn more of the geography of the country, but I can give a general idea on the subject. First, with reference to the Seventh: At least four companies should reoccupy Fort Buchanan, two companies at Tubac, companies at Apache Pass. A new post should be established in the lower valley of the Verde-two companies; the company of New Mexico infantry, now at Apache Pass, to be sent to Fort Goodwin. A small post will be necessary [in the] upper valley of the Verde for the protection of the overland mail in the country of the Penal Apaches. The Native California volunteers and such auxiliary troops as may be raised in Arizona should be kept constantly on the move against the Apaches in the northern and middle postions of the district, and will not answer for service on the southern border. The post on the border and that at the Apache Pass should be strong, and occupied by reliable American troops. These posts and Fort

