
Goodwin can be supplied via Guaymans, but Fort Goodwin can be suppied from Prescott. It is important that there should be as little delay as possible in sending such stroops as the commanding general may determine upon, as the grass and water on the route is now at its best strage, and to be much service in the Territory troops should be in the Indian country as early as June 1. In case a regiment of infantry is sent from here, there will be but little difficulty in raising a new regiments to replace it at the Presidio, if called for soon, before the summer sent in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, and Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General of California and Nevada.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

Numbers 11. San Francisco, Cal., February 24, 1865.

The following has just been received by telegraph:

WASHINGTON, February 21, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Ordered, That a national lalute be fired to-morrow noon, February 22, at West Point, and at every fort, arsenal, and army headquarters, of the United States, in honor of the restoration of the flag of the Union upon Fort Sumter.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

As the delay in the receipt of the foregoing does not permit the execution of the order on the date named, the anniversary of Washington's birthday, the salutes will be fired to-morrow, at noon, from every battery and fort in the harbor and Benicia, and at all other forts in this department on the day next succeeding the receipt of this order. When the salute is fired the entire command will be paraded under arms and give three times three cheers for that noble, glorious, sacred old flag of the Union, the Stars and Stripes, now so soon, under God's favor, to be restored throughout the length and breadth of our land.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 24, 1865.

COLONEL: I write to inform the major-general commanding the department of the probable expeditions in the field in this district the coming season which in my judgment will be advisable, and ask his approval of the programme. An application has reached this office from the office of the surveyor-general of Oregon for an escort to W. H. Odell, esq., surveyor, who is to survey a guide meridian in Southeastern Oregon to a point ninety miles south of Auburn to the Nevada boundary line, and also township lines in Alvord Valley. He proposed to leave Fort Walla Walla on the 1st of May. I should wish to give him an escort of about fifty men. Infantry will answer, if cavalry cannot be

