
spared. An application has also been made for an escort to D. P. Thompson, esq., surveyor, who is to survey a guide meridian from the Des Chutes, called the Des Chutes meridian, to the California line. I suppose his escort of about the same number would start about the 1st of June. By the act of Congress of the 4th of July last alternate section of land have been appropriated for the building of a military road from Eugena City to the southeastern line of Oregon. In the latter part of May, B. J. Pengra, esq., now surveyor-general of Oregon, expecte to start for the purpose of exploring and locating said road. He applies for a military escort. I propose to give him a mounted, escort of forty men. I would also send one company and a half of cavalry to accompany the expedition during the first half of the route, but to move independently of Mr. Pengra, and whose object it would be to give protection to the minirs and travelers who may be employed and prospecting through that region. The whites are determined thoroughly to explore that region, and I considered in eminently judicious policy in the Government to aid to the extent of its ability in developing its mineral wealth. The commands would all laeave with pack animals. A depot supplied with wagons from Fort Dalles could be established near headwaters of the Des Chutes at a point some 250 miles south of The Dalles. a depot supplied by wagons from Fort Boise could be established semowhere near Camp Alvord, which was the wagon depot of Captain Currey last summer. These expeditions would remain out all the season, and not return probably before the latter part of October. The submission of Po-li-ni, head war chief of the Snake Indians, at Fort Klamath, in November last, is an auspicious event if heis sincere. It was but the natural result of the activity of the troops last summer, and if it proves to be real, I shall consicer it a source of gratitude to the military and to the whole frontier. But it remains to be tested. Moreover, there are many bands of hostiles, outcasts, and runaways in Southern Oregon no under the control of Po-li-ni. J. W. P. Huntington, esq., superintendent of Indian affairs, proposes to meet those Indians near Fort Klamath next summer, with a view to treat with them. We have in the guard-house here the wife and child of Po-li-ni, captured in November, on the return of the escort under Lieutenant Halloran, First Washington Territory Infantry, who accompanied Mr. Huntington from the Warm Springs Indian Reservation to Fort Klamath and back. These I hold subject to the orders of the superintendent of Indian affairs. It is highly desirable that Fort Klamath shall be added to my district, espcecially in view of the action of the Indian Department. I have already spoken of this in another communication dated the 23rd instant, and recur to it here only in connection with the use of the troops at Fort Klamath. The citizens of Southern Oregon write that they wish an expdition to escort travelers from Jacslonwille to the Owyhee. This I should be disposed to send. I respectfully submit the above plan for movements of troops next season, and ask the approval of the department commander.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 6. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 24, 1865.

By direction of the Secretary of War, a national salute will be fired at meridian the day after the reception of this ordered at each military

