
are passable and before his present supplies are exhausted, with his company and all the public property at the post, take up the line of march to Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., and report to the commanding officer of the post for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 26, 1865.

(Received 12 p. m. 27th.)

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL:

Relieve Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord from the command of the District of Oregon and assign some other officer to that command. Direct Brigadier-General Alvord to report to the Adjutant-General of the Army in this city in person.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 27. 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

San Francsico, Cal.:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that the battalion of cavalry raised by General Wright's request of December 19, 1862, was for general service; no special service was alluded to. Their claim to be mustered out now cannot be recognized.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Adjutant-General.)

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, February 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of letters from Captain Mellen and Doughty, Second Cavalry, commanding, respectively, Fort Crook and Camp Bidwell. The deep snow on the mountains between Camp Bidwell and Smoke Creek, Honey Lake Valley, as well as between Fort Crook adn the point on the old Lassen trail, near the south end of Goose Lake, temporarily obstructs the movement of the troops in those directions. The distance from Crook to the point above referred to is about ninety miles. Good road for pack trains, but a present impracticable for wagons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

