
SAN FRANCISCO, February 28, 1865.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, Fort Vancouver:

Orders relieving you and directing you to report in person to the Secretary of War have just been received.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 1, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff, Washington:

Your telegram to the 27th [ultimo] in answer to telegram of Governor Low and myself of the 21st of February is received. You are under a misapprehension as to the troops concerned. It is not, as you telegraph, the battalion of cavalry raised under General Wright's request of December 19, 1862. It is the battalion of six companies of infantry raised under General Wright's request dated March 9, 1863, for, as he says, special service against Indians in Humboldt District. The papers submitted to me show that special promises were made to this battalion by General Wright and Governor Stanford, and while the men can be kept under the strict letter of their engagement for the full term, it will be hurful to do so, as they believe, and from the statements officially made them are warranted in so doing, that they have fulfilled their contract of service. I might re-engage a large part of them if the corps were disbanded, which I again under this further statement beg respectfully to recommed.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 47. San Francisco, Cal., March 1, 1865.

* * * * * * *

5. Company F (Grant's), Eighth Infantry California Volunteers, will immedialety take post at Point Blunt, Angel Island. There being no shelter-tents in the department, Captain Grant will be furnished with such tents as are now on hand to cover his men till he can erect temporary shelter for them agreeably to existing orders.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 48. San Francisco, Cal., March 2, 1865.

* * * * * * *

3. In compliance with the following anvitation from the committee of arrangements of citizens of San Francisco, a salute of 100 guns will be fired from the several forts in this harbor at sunrise, at noon, and at sunset, on the 4th instant:

MAYOR'S OFFICE, San Francisco, March 2, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: In accordance with the inclosed published programme, I would respectfully invite you to co-operate with the citizens on the 4th instant by ordering a salute to be fired from the several forts and vessels in the harbor.

H. P. COON,

Very respectfully,

Chairman committee of Arrangements.

