
The following is the programe inclosed in the mayor's note:

The communicate of arrangements for the celebration of the recent Union victories, on Inauguration Day (Saturday next), after careful consideration, have concluded that, owing to the shortness of the time (steamer's day intervening) and the great amount of labor and expence for a situable procession, the idea of having such a procession be abandoned, and that the day be observed in the following manner: That there be a salute of 100 guns by the battery of the California Guards at sunrise, the same at midday, adn at sunset, and that during these salutes there be a general ringing of the fire-bells; that General McDowell be invited to order similar salutes from the frots and vessels in the harbor; that our citizens generally be requested to close their places of business and give the day to enthusiastic and patriotic rejoicings; that three platforms for public speaking be erected, one at the junction of Market and Montgomery steets, one in front of the Russ House, and one in front of Montgomery Block, and that bands of music be in attendance at these platforms at 1 o'clock and play patriotic airs for an hour before the speaking; that in the evening there be a general illumination of public and private buildings, and a display of fire-works as far as practicable by the citizens at their residences.

By order of the committee:

H. P. COON,

Chairman.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., March 2, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 17th of February I proceeded to Fort Mojave, Ariz. Ter., with the double purpose of inspecting that post and of obtaining information for the benefit of the major-general commanding of the cause and extent of Indian troubles of which the settlers along the Mojave River complian. The report of the inspection at Fort Mojave is transmitted by this opportunity to your headquarters. Upon the route I ascertained from conversation with settlers and travelers that Indians, in bands of a dozen to thirty, on foot and armed with fire-arms and bows and arrows, come down from the mountains on either side the road, steal stock, rob houses, lay forced tribute upon traveler, threaten lives, and in one istance have murdered two men living at the Caves, eithteen miles east of Camp Cady, and burned the house. These bands have been particularly eager to supply themselves with fire-arms and ammunition, and now very many improved rifles and shotguns and pistols are owned by them. On reaching Fort Mojave the officers of the garrison and citizen upon the river confirmend the statement above referred to. The whole extent of the road from the upper crossing of the Mojave River to Rock Springs which are forty miles west of Fort Mojave, is infested by these thieving Indians, rendering travel insecure and jeopardizing lives of settlers. I found it the unanimous opinion that these thieving bands belonged to the Chimehuevas and Pi-Utes. The former range principally upon the Colorado River, seventy-five miles below Fort Mojave, and have constant communication and friendly relations with the mumerous Utes of still farther north. While at Fort Mojave I directed that Lieutenant De Witt Titus, Fourth California Infantry, with at least twenty-five men, proceed to Chimehueva Valley, inform the tribe that it would be held responsible for the outrages upon whites; that the murderers of the two men at the Caves must be surrendered, and that twenty of their principal men be arrested as security for the faithful performance of those conditions. Copy of orders above referred to is herewith inclosed.

