
Captain west's company (C), Fourth California Infantry, is encamped at Camp Cady en route to Fort Mojave, and I directed that scouts should be made whenever signs of Indians could be found. A party of twenty-five men, under Lieutenant Foster, of that company, was on the trail of a band that had stolen a horse from an emigrant the previous night. I have also directed Captain Bale's company (D), Native California Cavalry, to make its headquarters at Camp Cady, and to frequently patrol the road in either direction. Of this latter company thirty men are mounted, the balance on foot. It marched day before yesterday from this post. The action of the Chimehuevas is warlike, and appearances indicate the necessity of placing a larger force in the force in the field at an early day to operate against them. A squadron of cavalry will be very serviceable. The settlers along the Mojave are nearly all sympathizers with the rebellion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Colonel Fourth California Infantry, Commanding District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SUUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Drum Barracks, Cal., March 2, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Asjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that on 17th of February I left this post with means of transportation furnished by Wilmington depot quartermaster. On the 22nd reached Fort Mojave, Ariz. Ter. On the 23rd inspected the post and its garrison, which consisted of Company I, (Atchison's), Fourth California Infantry. The discipline of the troops appeared well maintained; their knowledge of drill and of the manual was imperfect. The captain stated that many of his men were recruits. The arms, clothing, equpiments, and accouterments were sufficiently supplied and in good order. There are 21,000 rounds of ball cartridges on hand. There are barracks and officers' quarters for two companies of infantry, a hospital, guard-house, store-house, cellar for storing subsistance supplies, a bake-house, stables, and blacksmith shop, all built of logs and mud, with thatched roofs, wide, verandas, and mud floors. The buildings are in good order, and in style and material the post have been neatly and property kept. Captain Atchison was performing the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistance, having during the month relieved his lieutenant (Nason), whose three-years' term of service had expired, and who is mustered out of service. The original three-years' term of service of Captain Atchison had exppired. He is retained and authorized to present himself for remuster. Three civilians were employed, as shown by the return of the post, herewith transmitted. I directed the discharge of these men, and that enlisted men be detailed to preform the services. The fire-wood used is cut upon the reservation, and costs $5 per cord for cutting. I directed that expenditure be avoided by a detail of enlisted men as wood choppers. The condition of the quartermaster's property was good and the supply ample for present purposes. Three six-mule teams complete and five riding horses embrace the means of transportation. The post is suppliied with subsistance until 1st of June next for the present garrison, and it is all in good order and of good quality, excepting the pork, and that is in issuable condition. Captain

