
West's company (C), Fourth California Infantry, is en route to relieve Atchison's company, and has double the numerical strength. It is therefore important that additional supplies of subsistance to forwarded without delay. River navigation is open. Fresh beef costs 30 cents per pound, and is bought in open market. I deirected that proposals for furnishing fresh beef be invited by advertisement. Three diferrent military reservations have ben secured, each one mile square. Plots have been heretofore transmitted to your headquarters. There were no sick in hospital and no prisoners. On the 24th of February at noon recrossed the Colorado at Hardy's Ferry, eight miles above the post, and reached Drum Barracks yesterday noon, five days' time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Colonel Fourth California Infantry, Commanding District.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] FORT MOJAVE, ARIZ. TER., February 22, 1865.

Captain CHARLES ATCHISON,

Fourth California Infantry, Commanding Fort Mojave, Ariz. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: There appears to be no doubt that bands of Chimehueva Indians are engaged in the messacres and robberies of whites along the Mojave River. The tribe should be held accountable for these outrages, and with that object you are hereby directed to place First Lieutenant De Witt Titus, Fourth California Infantry, in charge of a suitable force from your command, with directions for him to proceed to the Chimehueva Valley and arrest twenty of their principal men, whom you will hold in confinement until the guilty parties are surrendered to the commanding officer at this post. The prisoners will be kept on short rations arther orders, but for each of the guilty persons surrendered one of the twenty will released. Make prompt reports to district headquarters of your action under these orders.

Very respectfully,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Colonel Fourth California Infantry,

Commanding District of Southern California.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 13. San Francisco, Cal., March 3, 1865.

* * * *

II. The limits of the District of California are so extended as to embrace all the posts and troops in the State of Nevada.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 49. San Francisco, Cal., March 3, 1865.

* * * *

9. The commander of troops in the Territory of Idaho will in future report to and comply with orders from the headquarters of the District of Oregon.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

