HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., March 3, 1865.

Captain E. BALE,

Native Cavalry California Volunteers:

(Through Captain B. R. West, Fourth California Infantry.)

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding district directs that until further orders the headquarters of your company will be at Camp Cady. While encamped there you are charged with the duty of patrolling the road and keeping it clear of Indians from Lane's upper crossing of the Mojave to Soda Lake, and particularly to keep Indians away from the watering places. One team and wagon will be retained for service with your command and the balance returned to Wilmington immediately on your arrival at Cady. You will keep a camp guard of at least fifteen men, and the balance of the command will patrol the road constantly, as above directed. Subsistance for men and rations of grain for horses will be carried on saddle. You will make a field return on blanks herewith transmitted every ten days, as follows: To the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, at Washington; to headquarters Department of the Pacific, and to these headquarters. You will report promptly any movement of your command in pursuance of these orders, detailing full praticulars in case of skirmish with Indians, and forward with copies of all orders issued to your command bearing upon the duty herewith reguired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. LEE,

First Lieutenant and Ajdt. Fourth Cal. Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 8. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 3, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions of the 17th ultimo, from department headuqarters, all recruiting for companies of the First Washington Territory Infantry is hereby forbidden, orders having arrived for its being consolidated and mustered out.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

W. I. SANBORN,

Second Lieutenant, First Washington Territory Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 51. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 3, 1865.

I. Pursuant to instructions of the 2nd instant, from headquarters Department of the Pacific, Colonel Justus Setinbeger, First Washington Territory Infantry, will repair without delay to Fort Vancouver to be mustered out of service, his term of service having expired.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

W. I. SANBORN,

Second Lieutenant, First Washington Territory Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General

73 R R-VOL L, PT II

