SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 51. San Francisco, Cal., March 7, 1865.

* * * *

2. Captain William B. Hughes, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, will report in person to the chief quartermaster at these headquarters for assignment to duty in Nevada. He will turn over to the officer selected to relieved him all the public money and property in his possession.

* * * *

6. Colonel Allen L. Anderson, Eighth Infantry California Volunteers, having been mustered into the service, will assume command of his regiment, headquarters at Fort Point. The regimental staff officers will repair to Fort Point without delay and report for duty.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEISTRICT OF UTAH,

Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., near Great Salt Lake City, March 7, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: The District of Utah, under my command, having been transferred from the Pacific to the Missouri Department by order of the Secretary of War, I deem this and appropriate occasion to return to you the expression of my personal regard and thanks for the uniform kindness and approbation which I have received at your hands while connected with the Department of the Pacific. On the eve of my departure for the eastern part of my new district, in pursuance of orders from Major-General Dodge, I take the liberty of respectfully asking your views, if it be not deemed unadvisable to communicate them, relative to the future of the Third Infantry, Battalion California Volunteers, to the end that I may co-operate with you in the premises. I should be pleased to learn, if not incosistent with your views, whether it is propoesd to increase the battalion by recruiting, and also the disposition, if any has been made, of the recommendation of Captain Johns for promotion to the lieutenant-colonelcy of the battalion. So long connected as I have been with the Department of the Pacific and its welfare, I shall ever entertain the liveliest interest in its future, and hope to be able at all times to render all the assistance in my power, and, consistent with orders, to promote its well-being, security, and prosperity. Permit me again, general, to renew the expressions of my apprecation for your kindness in the past and assusrances of my high regard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, March 7, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform your that seven companies of infantry have been raised under your call and mustered into the service.

