
Two more are full and ready to be mustered in. I have appointed Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon Cavalry, lieutenant-colonel, and Captain John M. Drake, First Oregon Cavalry, major of the First Oregon Infantry. I respectfully request that they be discharged from the cavalry to enable them to accept the promotion tndered them. I made this request some time ago through General Alvord, and have heard nothing from it since. The tenth company for the infantry is about half full. As it is being raised in the maining districts, I fear it will be some time before it is filled.

Very respectfullly, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 8, 1865.

His Excellency H. G. BLASDEL,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of March 2 and 4, relating to reports of Indian distrubances at Honey Lake, Cal., and on the route leading from Humboldt County, Nev. Ter., to Idaho Territory. Orders were given some time since to send a company to Honey Lake. I send you herewith a copy of a letter on the subject to Honorable J. Bidwell*. The movements of the force from Chico (General Bidwell informs me) is temporarily delayed on account of the snows in the Sierra. I have seent your letter of the 4th to General Wright, with instructions to take such necessary measures as the case may required to give protection in the quarter indicated. I will remark tghat last year a company of Nevada troops was posted in the vicinity of Honey Lake and subsequently removed on the application of the citizens. What progress is making in recruiting the Nevada volunteers? I will need them fort the protection of the State, and trust you may meet with success in your efforts to raise them. I hope the Legislature may assist you by some such measures as have been adopted by California and Oregon.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 9, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War authorizes the mustering out of the six companies of infantry raised for special service against the Indians.

H. W. HALLLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 10, 1865.

Governor F. F. LOW,

Sacramento, Cal.:

I have received authority to muster out the Mountaineers, and shall do so. I have to-day called on you for an additional regiment of infantry.

---------------

* See Febraury &amp;, p. 1129.

---------------

