
this city stated that there were two here as agents of Doctor Gwin, and invited people desirous of going to Mexico to apply to them for information. I required each to state whether this was or not true. One in effect admitted it was, and the other (Mr. Ridge) denied it, and called on me in person to account for his presence in this country. He said he was and Englishman representing British capitalists, and being largely interested in Mexico was deeply concerned in whatever related to that county, and in this way came to know Doctor Gwin, both in Paris and in Mexico, and had freely conferred with him in both places. Mr. Ridge's object in coming to Mexico was to obtain a concession to light the city with gas and one to build a railroad to the Pacific. He showed me lettrs confirming his statements. He is a remarkably intelligent amn, of fine presence, and he impressed me favorably as being straightforward and truthful. He said it was a question, when he was in Paris, how Meximilian was to support his court, government, and army, and at the same time repay Napoleon the expenses incurred by France in the invasion and conguest of the country. The latter decided the former must have the revenue from the customs, and he would look to be reimbursed from the resources of the northern States, which Doctor Gwin had represented as great. Napoleon asked the doctor if those resources could soon be rendered available. The latter answered that by drawing there Anglo-Saxon and Celitc emigration from every and any quarter a revenue of milions might be had in a short time. The doctor was asked to undertake the enterprise, which he consented to do, and was now carrying it on. I think if the French wanted only a superintending mining engineer or administrator of finances they would have sent a Frenchman, for their conceit of themselves as miners and administrative agents is great; and if wanted a mere director of Anglo-American emigrantion and wanted an American they would have been apt to coose one from that section of the country known to thave the greatest enterprise and largest population. It therefore seems to me that it is precisely because of Doctor Gwin's known connection with the rebels and secessionists, and especially with those from this State, that caused him to be chosen as being the person best suited to attract an emigration of our enemies and to plant upon our frontier a people hostile to our institutions, our influence, and our progress. Such a supposition is in direct accordance with the principles announced by Napoleon in his letter to General Forey, in which he speaks of staying the progress and influence of the United States over the continent. The desire of putting a negative on the United States is no doubt combined with the intent to effect something positiv for France by obtainig-as he did Savoy and Nice as his recompense for interfering in Italy-a provice for himself from Mexico. I have looked upon the whole scheme of Doctor Gwin as hostile to us, and upon him as enemy, and shall therefore do whatever I can that will tend to thwart it and him.

Before the receipt of your letter I had ordered that no one should embrak for Mexico without a permit, and that this permit should only be given to loyal persons going on some legitimate business, and that no agent of Doctor Gwin's should be suffered to remain in this department. I have assigned and excellent officer (Brigadier-General Mason) to the command in Arizona, and have provided him with a sufficient force to watch the frontier. This country is alive to this whole question, and the people would instantly to any call upon them to meet an aggression upon our exican frontier. I am assembling a small reserve of two three regiments at this place as a nucleus for a

