HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel HARVEY LEE,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Benicia Barracks, Benicia, Cal.:

SIR: You will please read and hand the inclosed letter as directed. The department commander desires you to let the people understand generally that the order of the President suspending the writ of habeas corpus and directing the arrest of all persons guilty of disloyal practices will be rigidly enforced. Those of them who are leading secessionists will be confined at Alcatraz; those who may happen to be drunken brawlers, or if no account, will be confined in your guardhouse unless they take the oath of allegiance. Practices injurious to the Government or offensive to the loyal sentiment of the people will under no circumstances be permitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.] General WRIGHT, U. S. Army, Commanding Dept. of the Pacific, Headquarters at San Francisco:

SIR: We, the undersigned, loyal citizens of the United States of America, knowing that in the town of Benicia and vicinity there are persns, who, residing among loyal citizens, at every opportunity, on the reverses met by the Union forces, express their feelings in favor of the rebels, vindicating loudly their cause against the General Government, it is therefore asked of you, as the commanding officer of the Pacific Department, that you empower, or have stationed in your midst, a guard whose duty it would be to arrest those whom either they hear or is made known to them of uttering treasonable sentiments against our Government. This freedom of speech should not be tolerated. These secret workers in disloyalty should be stopped. Either remove them from the loyal sod or place them within the confines of Fort Alcatraz, beneath the emblem of our beloved country-thus the air will not be polluted by the expression of their treasonable designs. We leave the above to you, by enforcing the same you will meet with the approval of a large body of loyal citizens in our midst, and in duty bound we will ever pray.

JOHN M. NEVILLE,

Sheriff of Solano County;

C. J. FLATT,

J. W. SANBORN,

JOHN BRENNAN,

J. M. JONES, P. M.,

HENRY MORTIMER RICH,

J. T. HOUGHTON,

[AND MANY OTHER CITIZENS OF SOLANO COUNTY.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 12, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Fourth Infty. California Vols., Commanding Camp Latham, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander directs that Camp Latham will be broken up and the troops and property moved to New San Pedro, near

