
force to provide for any contingency. I feel strong enough on land for all enemies, either domestic or foreign, but in view of possible, may I not say probable, hostilies to the south of us, I beg to cal attention to the state of our fleet on this coast. I do not pretend to speak of my own knowledge or with any precision even from what has been told me, yet enough has been said to warrant my feeling that on the ocean we are by no means id a desireble condition. The only vessel in this port is a double-ender gun-boat and a small vessel as revenue cutter with a monitor for ahrbor defense. From the statement of naval officers, who speak as if they knew, the whole feet on the coast is quite inferior to that of those who may become their antagonists.

The desert south of Fort Yuma makes it desirable that in any operations we may have to undertake in Sonora we should have possession of the port Guaymas, if not of Mazaltan. On account of the great savyin in cost of transportation I have just sent supplies for Southern Arizona to Guaymas to be sent up through Nothern Sonora, provided the Juarez Governor of Sonora, Pesqueira, now in command, will give them safe conduct. I am in hopes the capture of Charleston and Wilmington may release sufficient naval force to enable the Department to re-enforce the fleet in these waters so that we may hold the Gulf of California. In all that have done I have acted with every circum-spection so as to give no pretxt to foreign nations for making reclamations upon the Governmet. The measures taken have been announced as military precautions and affect only our own citizens. That amid the overwhelming cares incident to your present duty this distant field should have engaged your personal attantion I svery gratifying, and it is no less so that I should, before your letter was received, have, in the main, acted in accordance with the view you have done me the honor to express to me.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, March 12, 1865.

Major C. McDERMIT,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Sub-District of Nevada:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that certain citizens of Dun Glen, Paradise Valley, Humboldt County, Nev. Ter., have petitioned that a militay force may be stationed in that vicinity for the protection of the settlers. The general commanding deems that the best protection can be affored by a movable body of mounted troops when the season is more advancee and the grass is grown. No necessity exists for a permanenet post.

Respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., March 13, 1865.

(Received 4. 35 a. m. 17th.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

One company of the four called for to complete organizationn of First Cavalry is already organized. When these companies were called for

