
under the lieutenant-colonel, will take up the line of march for Fort Yuma and relieve the company of the Fourth Infantry now stationed there, which on being relieved will proceed to join the regimental headquarters at Camp Drum.

6. The third company of the Seventh Infantry will immediately after its arrival at Camp Drum take up its line of march Fort Mojave and relieve the company of the Fourth Infantry stationed at that place, which on being relieved will proceed to and take post for the present at Camp Cady.

7. Whilst at Camp Drum, and whilst passing through his district, the companies of the Seventh will be subject to the orders of the commanding officer of the District of Southern California, who will take measures for supplying the necessary transportation and giving all orders necessary for the movement from Camp Drum.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, March 16, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Your telegram of yesterday was received at 5 p. m., and Captain Starr ordered to remain in Amador County until further order. Telegram from Major McDermit received last evening, reporting Indian murders near Honey Lake; ordered to send a detachment of mounted troops, if they can be spared and the roads are passable. Captain Doughty, at Camp Bidwell, will corss the mountains as soon as the reoad is opened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigidier-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, March 16, 1865.

Captain A. W. STARR,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding, &amp;c., Ione City:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the general commanding to say that your command will await further orders before moving. Subsistance will be forwared.

Respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., March 17, 1865.

F. F. LOW,

Governor of California, San Francisco:

The four new companies of First California Cavalry will be turned over to General McDowell for service in Arizona.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

