
that this was a reconnoitering party to see the post and the herds. That night I took all the available cavalry at the post, and as soon as it was fairly dark started for Dos Cabezas, about twenty miles distant, hopoping to surprise a party of Indians there. Captain G. C. Smith, assistant quartermaster, volunteered to accompany the party. I traveled within about three miles of the Dos Cabezas, then dismounted, and crept on the place where they encamp, but found nothing. There were no tracks. Had not been a track for months. The whole way we followed the trail of the Indians who came into the pass. If went directly on in the direction of Fort Goodwin. As I had no pack animals for such a trip I returned. I send out the guide with detachment of cavalry at reveille to make a through search through the canon to see if any come in during the night and got in ambush to capture our herds. I have fourteen armed men with the herd daily. The Indians cannot get anything from here without a fight. The fight can be had at any time, but not the stock.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARANCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 61. San Francisco, Cal., March 20, 1865.

* * * *

8. Colonel Allen L. Anderson, Eight Infantry California Volunteers, is appointed inspector of artillery for the forts and batteries in the harbor of San Francisco, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will require such reports and returns as he may think proper.

9. The bearing of the troops inspected at the Presidio on Saturday was creditable to the commander of the post and the officers and men of the corps present. The review was one of unsual interest as preceding the removal to distant service of the Seventh Regiment California Volunteers, one of the finest bodies of men to be seen in this or any other department of the Army. The occasion is taken to inform the regiment that much of the service it will be called on to preform will be arduous, and very probably alike dangerous and glorious; but whatever it may be, the major-general commanding feels confident the men will do credit to themselves, to the State, and to the Army. The regiment will ever to watched by him with great interest, and has his best wishes for their welfare and success.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Letters from Major McDermit, commanding at Fort Churchill, March 16, represent Indian distrubances as assuming a thratening aspect on Walker River. He had ordered re-enforcements

