
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, March 21, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

GENERAL: Referring to our conversation had a few days since in relation to the two companies of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers now in Utah, I have to say that from information received yesterday I learn that they are still at Fort Bridger, and will not move from there until spring opens at any rate. As all the balance of the regiment is within your department, cannot some action be taken by which these two companies may be sent back? I think you suggested that you would be willing to exchange and give General Connor two companies of Nevada cavalry, if no better arrangement could be made. It is really unjust to the officers and men that they should be detached and sent out of this department, away from the headquarters of the regiment, and beyond the control of the regimental officers. Please let me know if you think anything can be done to remedy the evil.

Very respectfully,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 22, 1865.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

Captain Hugh B. Fleming, Ninth U. S. Infantry, is hereby temporarily assigned to duty as assistant to provost-marshal-general, superintendent volunteer recruiting service, and chief mustering and disbursing officer for California and Nevada, in place of Brevet Major Andrews, hereby relieved. Acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 22, 1865.

Judge. J. P. ALLYN,

U. S. District Judge, La Paz, Ariz. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 7th instant, addressed to the major-general commanding, and am instructed to say in replay that a very large force, and it is believed a sufficent one for the wants of the public service, is now under orders for Arizona. quite a stong force will be posted in Southern Arizona, and one of the best officers of his grade in the service has been sent to command. The citizens of the Territory will receive full protection all enemies either foreign or domestic.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistnat Adjutant-General.

