
WAS DEPARTMENT, ADJUTNAT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 23, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor acknowledge the receipt of the communication of Governor Low, dated November 8, 1864, asking for the issue of arms and equpiments for State troops, which is forwarded with you recommendation that the issued of arms, &amp;c., asked for be authorized by the War Department, as required by the instructions of the Chief of Ordnance of March 22, 1864. The latter has been submitted to the Secretary Of War, who directs me to communicate to you the following statements of the Chief of Ordnance, namely: "General Haleck's letter of the 9th of July, 1863, which authorized General Wright to order issues of arms and other ordnance stores to the militia of California, was supreseded by your order of 18th of March, 1864, but not until the issues to that State, in pursuance of said authority, amounted to a very considerable sum in value. The State of California is now in advance of its quota under the law of 8th of April, 1808, to the amount of $208,575, which under existing laws, ans supposing the quota to remain the same, is equal to the quota of that State for seventy-five years to come. The harness, ahlters, whips, legguards, nosebads, and saddles and bridles, herein mentioned, are essential to the use of the battery, and should be supplied. The other articles called for are not issued to batteries". The Secretary of WAr directs that the harness, saddles, &c., be issued as recommended by General Dyer, Chief of Ordnance.

I am, sir, &c.,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, March 23, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Captain Starr returned last evening with his company (F), Second Cavalry, from Amador County, having been relieved by Captain Knight and company of same regiment. A portion of the ordnance supplies for the Second Cavalry came up from Benecia Arsenal last night; the residue will be sent yp by the boat to-night. Colonel Wainwright informs me that he sends everything embraced in the requisition excepting a portion of the saddles and the cartridges for Maynard carbines, which have not arrived from the East, but are excepted by the next through steamer. As Captain Starr is under orders for Chico, Camp Bidwell, I have deemed it proper to direct him to retain his Sharps carbines and ammunition until they can be replaced by Maynards, as the arrival of the ammunition for the latter is uncertain, and it cannot be manufactured in this country. When the general was here last week I had a brief conversation with him in relation to the movement of troops over the northeastern portion of this State during the coming spring and summer, with a view of affording protection, not only to the settlements in that quarter, but to the great thoroughfares lesading form Chico and Red Bluff to the headwaters of the Owyhee River. The distance from Red Bluff to the Oweyhe mines is about 300 miles via Fort Crook, and with little labor the road will be practicable for the passage of aloaded wagons over the whole distance. The greater portion of the travel will be by the Fort Crook

