
which place you will select a camp suitable for wintering six companies of infantry and two of cavalry. This movement will be made as soon after the receipt of this as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 129. Fort Humboldt, September 12, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. Captain O'Brien, commanding Company C, Second infantry California Volunteers, will embark to-morrow, the 13th instant, on board the steamer Panama, and proceed in her to Crescent City. On his arrival there Captain O'Brien will report for orders to Major Curtis, Second Infantry California Volunteers. The company will take with them all their camp and garrison equiPAGEand company property.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Second Infty. California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Steilacoom, Wash. Ter., September 12, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In my report of the 15th August relative to certain transactions on Puget Sound in connection with the U. S. revenue cutter Shubrick, wherein the possibility was intimated of a requisition being made on me for troops to enforce the requirements of the law under a warrant, said to be resisted, to arrest Victor Smith, collector of customs, and Lieutenant Wilson, commander of the Shubrick, I have the honor to state that there is no further apprehension of a collision between the authorities of the Territory and the officers of the cutter, as the Shubrick has returned to the sound and is now at Olympia, where I understand both Mr. Smith and Lieutenant Wilson have consented to undergo a legal investigation of the matter alleged against them, for which the warrant of arrest was issued by the U. S. commissioner on the 11th ultimo.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

G. W. PATTEN,

Major Ninth Infantry, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 13, 1862.

WILLIAM M. LENTER,

San Francisco, Cal.:

If 1,000 men for the war are placed at Panama from California passage will be provided thence for them.

By order of Secretary of War:

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to M. Jessup. Eugene Sullivan, and William D. Chaplin.)

