
of your request to Major-General McDowell, dated January 26, 1865, still remains there. When the process in the hands of the U. S. marshal has been executed and you no longer desire the presence of a military force the troops will be withdrawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commandimg.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 31, 1865.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: In answer to your of yesterday I have the honor to inform you that one company of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers will be sent to Humboldt Distict before the 5th proximo. The remaining companies will not be to go up before three weeks. I expect the company which goes up first will relieve two companies of the Mountaineer Battalion. I send up by to-day's mail a copy of the orders on the subject for your information. Captain Fleming relieves, temporarily, Brigadier-General Mason as mustering officer and of the provost-marshal's department. Can nothing be done for Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple? He has impressed me very favorably. I have thought a good deal about the subject of your letter of the 21st instnat, about the two companies of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, in the Department of the West-I believe that is the name-and regret to say that I do not see how the case be disposed of a suggested. If would take a good while to get the Nevade cavalry over to the other side of the Rocky Mountains. The companies of the Second could not start till relieved, and in the meantime they would have been carried away still farther in the campaign which is now about to open against the Indians who have been interrupting the overland route. It may, however, be possible some time hence. I will not lose sight of it.

I have the honor to be, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TH PACIFIC, Numbers 72. San Francisco, Cal., March 31, 1865.

* * * *

3. Major Andrew W. Bowman, Ninth Infantry, is hereby relieved from his present duty on the department staff, to assume command of his regiment. He will establish his headquarters at Point San Jose.

4. Captain Ebenezer C. Ledyard's company (A), First California Cavalry, is assigned to duty in the District of Arizona. Whilst at Camp Drum, and until it is joined by Brigadier-General Mason, it will continue under the command of Colonel Curtis, who will do whatever may be necessary to prepare if for service.

5. Company B, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed on or before the 5th proximo to Humboldt Bay, to relieve in part the

