
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, April, 1, 1865.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of yesterday. I have to-day written Capatin Fleming asking that the mustering officer he may send may be instructed to re-enlist and muster in such men of the battalion as may desire to do so, and from them into companies to be known as Companies A and B, Ninth Infantry California Volunteers. I also informed him that I would appoint such officers of the old organization to command the new companies as the mustering oficer and Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple might recommned. In reply to your inquiry, "Can nothing be done for Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple?" I would say that he applied to me for the colonelcy of the Ninth Infanatry. Not desiring to embarrass myself by a definite promise of a colonelsy before a regiment is recruited, at that same time wishing to do Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple full justice, I made him the proposition contained in my letter of 18th of March, a copy of which I inclose*. This proposition he deslined. It seems to me that my proposition is liberal, and that his demand under the circumstances is unereasonable. If an officer can gain promotion by getting his original organization disbanded before their legal term of service expires, might we not expect to receive similar applications from others? I am quite willing to renew the proposition, but further than that I cannot go at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 80. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 1, 1865.

I. Captain Ephraim Palmer's company (B), First Oregon Infantry, at Fort Hoskins, will repair without delay to Fort Dalles. Hospital Steward Edward Colmache will repair to Fort Dalles and report to the commanding officer for temporary duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

II. Captain A. W. Waters' company (F), First Oregon Infantry, at Fort Hoskins, will repair without delay to Fort Vancouver. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By order of Colonel R. F. Maury:

F. B. WHITE,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Oregon Cav., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 4, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Captain Starr is under orders to move with his company (F), Second Cavalry, to Camp Bidwell, preporatory to the expedition to Hoeny Lake, Surprise Valley, &amp;c., on the line of travel to the Owyhee

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

