
mines. Sixty days' subsistance for Starr's company will be sent up by water. It is not probable that the can cross the mountains with supplies before the 1st of May. Captain Knight with his company (D), Second Cavalry, is still in Amador County, and Captain Ropes with his company (G), Second Cavalry, is on sepcial service in Maripose County, and Captain McLean with company (H), Second Cavalry, is on provost-guard duty in this city. This latter company as well as the tree remaining at Camp Union are without horses. The companies have received their arms, but as yet no ammunition for their carbines. As soon as the horses are received all the companies will be immediately prepared for such service as the general may desire to employ them on during the summer. I think that one full company, with half of Mellen's company at Fort Crook, will be ample for the protection of the route via Crook, Groose Lake, &amp;c., to the mines, and that two companies will be sufficient to operate in the Honey Lake Valley and protrect the line of travel beyond to the Owyhee mines. So soon as the geneal shall have determined upon the number of troops to be sent north atn the lines over which they are to move supplies should be thrown forward, either to Fort Crook or Chico, without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DUN GLEN, HUMBOLDT COUNTY, NEV. TER., April 4, 1865.

Major C. McDERMIT,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers:

Yours of the 28th ultimo to hand by due course of mail. As the lieutenant will doubtless have informed you, the troops you sent arrived here in good condition, and this morning started in search of a band of hostile Indians, who three days ago stole a large number of stock, fired upon several men, wounding one man, and burned their house, at point about twent-eight miles from this place, in Grass Valley. The Indians still continue to do a great deal of damage at varius points in this county, by driving of stock, threatening the lives of the owenrs, and oterwise acting defiantly and insolently. The inhabitants are begining to manifest a strong dispositial to shoot down the Indians indiscrimenately wherever theh find them. I have done what I could discourage the adpotion of this policy at present, for under the circumstances it is obivious that it would do more harm than good, and I hope that this course will not be taken-at least until all other remedies fail. The citizens here desire me to express to you their thanks for having sent troops to their aid. The appearance and bearing of the soldiers are the subject of general commendation here.

Yours, truly,

JAS. A. BANKS.

DUN GLEN, HUMBLODT COUNTY, April 4, 1865.

Major C. McDERMIT,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers:

Since writing the accompanying letter Mr. M. W. Haviland, of Paradise Valley, has come in from that place, having been sent down by the citizens in order to obtain aid to secure protection from the Indians

