
in that section of the country. With this you find a statement by Mr. Haviland, who is a gentlemen on whom implicit reliance can be placed. There can be no doubt that the settler in that locality are in very great danger, and unless speedily relieved and permanently protected from the depredations of the Indians by whom they are surrounded they will undoubtedly be under the necessity of abandoning that valley, which is one of the most extensive and fertile in this State, and it is settled by an industrious, enterprising, and worthy people, who, if protected, will soon make it the garden of Nevada. They are now assembed with their families in such positions as afford the best means of defense, and of course they can do but little in the way of putting in their crops, and unless assured that permanent protection will be afforded them they will undoubtedly leave the country. There has been a large amount of stock stolen from that valley. The Indians have warned the citizens to leave. In several instances they have broken open and robbed the houses of the settlers, and in various other modes exhibited a degree of insolence and hostility which shows that they are determined to drive out the whites. At present the valley affords an abundance of tlerable pasture of stock, and in a few weeks it will be excellent. An ample supply of hay can be obtained there at a cost not exceeding $10 per ton, and probably for half that price. Measures have been taken to furnish to the citizens of Paradise Valley a portion of the arms you sent to Star City. These will afford valuable and much-appreciated aid in the present emergency. Present appearances indicate that the troops here will be fully occupied in attending to the savages engaged in committing depredations along the Humboldt River and in the southeastern part of Grass Valley, which is they valley lying immediately east of the range of mountains in which Dun Glen is located; hence the sending of more troops to this county is a necessity, and we hope that if possible you will send them forward at and early day.

With many thanks to you for the aid already rendered, we, are, on behalf of the citizens, yours, truly,

J. A. DUN.

JAS. A. BANKS.

ALLEN PEACOCK.

[Inclosure.] DUN GLEN, NEV. TER., April 4, 1865.

I will state some facts in relation to the importance of a military post being estabished in Paradise Valley. The Indians in that place have for some time past been robbing houses of all the provisious and bed clothing, and have been making raids and stealing a large amount of stock. Citizens have pursued their stock, and have been driven back by the Indians. The Shoshones threaten to kill all the settlers in the valley. We are all in actual danger. The necessity of a permanent military post in that valley is very great; in fact, the valley will be entirely abandoned unless we get it. To say nothing of the risk of our lives, we can't live there having our teams taken away and every hoof of stock. So we are unable to cultivate the valley, being a very large valley, and probably the most productive valley in the State. If we can be favored with protection we will soon supply Humboldt County with nearly every line of produce. There are several tribes of Indians that center about and near Paradise Valley, the valley being one of the finest grazing and hay-growing, also grain-growings valleys in the State. The troops can always be supplied at reasonable retes. The people are

