
now waiting to see if permanent aid can be had before sowing any grain or cultivating any land. I will furnish hay at the present time for $5 per to (coin) to the troops. If we have to abandon the valley it will be rather hard on us all, as some of have expended nearly our all there. The growing of produce there will be of very great advantage to this country. The intelligence of the commanding officer at Fort Churchill will see that importance of a military post being established in Paradise Valley. We must have speedy relief, or the valley will be likely to be taken by Indians.

In behalf of the citizens of Paradise Valley:

M. W. HAVILAND.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 5, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch announcing fall of Richmond received. The whole population wild with excitement; rejoicing in very direction.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., April 5, 1865-10. 20 a. m.

General McDOWELL:

Have just received a dispatch from the Secretary of War confirming the report of the occupation of Richmond and Petersburg.

F. F. LOW,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 23. San Francisco, Cal., April 5, 1865.

The following has just been received by telegraph:

WASHNIGTON, April 3, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

A salute of 100 gruns in honor of the capture of Richmond, Va., will be fired at meridian the day after of this order at each military post and arsenal in the United States. Department commander will give orders accordingly.

By order of the Secretgary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

In compliance with the foregoing, salutes will be fired to-morrow at noon from every battery and fort in the harbor, at Benecia and Sacramento, and at all other forts or batteries in this department on the day next succeeding the receipt of this order. As the salute is fired, the entire command not otherwise on duty will be apraded under arms and give three time three cheers for their glorious brethern in arms in the East, who by their courage, endurance, and patriotism are now rapidly bringing his war to its proper conclusion.

By command of Major-General McDowell;

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

