HEADQUARTERS,Fort Goodwin, Ariz. Ter., April 5, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that some two months ao two decrepit old Indians came into camp and said they had been by their chief to ask for peace. I left one of them go, whom promised to return in fifteen days, but failed to do so. Some fifteen or twenty afterward a sub-chief came in and said he had been sent by the chiefs of two tribes to solicit peace. I told him that if they were earnest they must gring in their families and lay down their arms, to which he acceded. On 4th of March 112 of them came to the post under a flag of truce. They expressed a strong desire to make a treaty, but wished to return to the mountains to bring in the rest of their families, to which I consented, and gave them four days to return. As they did not return in the time specidied, I started at night-fall on the 9th instant for their rencheria with fifty-three men, guided by a Mexican captive whom I had retained. We marched briskly nearly all night, and to following night arrived within five miles of their camp. I sent the guide and four scouts to reconnoiter, intending to attack them at break of day. They returned and reported the rancheria deserted. If turned out sensequently that a strolling Indian had crossed our trail and given that alarm. The melting snow and mud was so deep that it was impossible to follow them with any prospects of success, and on the following day I started for camp. Much to mu surprise, on the 22nd some 400 of them-men, women, and children-made their appearance with a white flag, as usual. I had a talk with the chiefs, who said they were satisfied they could no fight the white men, and all they wanted was some place to plant in peace. I had promised to feed and take care of them with a view to sending them to the reservation. But the order transferring Arizona to the Pacific Department arrrived the day before they came in, and I was placed in the position of the man who drew the elephant in the lottery. With nothing to feed them, no transportation to send them to the reservation, and no orders to do so if I had, I made to best of it, and told them they could go until I heard from the great chief. They promised that if any depredations were committed by their people they would bring them to the post, and I cold punish them as I pleased. In mu opinion they could all be placed on a reservation whitin twelve months, and hunting them over this immense Territory with only six companies is simply and absurdity. We have had no grain at this post for over five months. Many of the animals have died, and the balance are so poor that they are for active service in the mountains.

Truisting my course will meet the approval of the general commanding, I would respectfully ask for instructions in the premises.

JAMES GORMAN,

Major, First California Volunteers Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

June 16, 1865.

Resepctfully referred to Brigadier-General Mason, commanding District of Arizona, for his information and report.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

