
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Prescott, August 31, 1865.

Resepctfully returned, with the reports of Major Gorman and Captain Kennedy.

I am satisfied that these Indians are only temporizing and do to mean peace, as a large band of them has been reported by Colonel Lewis as on the warpath in the mountains east of his post.

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District of Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,April 6, 1865. (Received 1 a. m. 8th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am informed that the French fleet, which has been operating against Mexico on the Pacific Coast, having met with rough weather and some of the vessels having badly demaged, the admiral, with the steam frigate Victory, with the steam transport Rhine in tow, is making his way to this place to refit at our navy-yards. He is now at our port of Santa Barbara waiting for coal. And to-day the bark Emily Banning sailed hence with 300 tons of coal to supply his hips. I called on the collector to ask if this was in accordance with instructions. He replied he had no right, under his instruction, to stop the Emily B. I am told and believe that this accident to the French fleet has delayed their operations against Sonora, which they are expected to undertake when their vessels shall have refitted and fixed here. The subject is one of deep interest to this entire coast and the cause of much feeling.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to Major-General Halleck.

E. M. S.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., April 6, 1865.

Honorable HUGH McCULLOCH,

Secretary of the Treasury:

The American bark Emily Banning sailed to-day for Sant Barbara with cargo of coal, said to be for the French ships of war put in there in a disabled condition, to enable them to come to this port for repairs. General McDowell called on me to know if this is according to orders. I informed him I had no instruction which would justify me indetaining the Emily Banning. She had cleared before I was informed of the facts. I can yet stop her. General McDowell has telegraphed War Department fully.

CHARLES JAMES,

Collector.

