
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., April 6, 1865.

Colonel R. C DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: Referring to a letter addressed to you my request by Captain Elliot, dated Novembrer 22, 1864, on the subject of Fort Stevens, at the mouth of the Columbia River, you were informed that the fort would not be ready for its garrison beofre the 1st of May next. I find that it can now be turned over even before that day, and I have directed Captain Elliot to proceed to Columbia River by the first Oregon steamer after the 8th instant to secure the engineer property at Fort Stevens, and to turn over the work to the officer designated by the major-general commanding to receive it. In the letter above alluded to I directed to have it stated to you that the building now at Point Adams could be used for garrison purposes. At that time it was supposed we could commence the fortifications on Chinook Point; but in the absence of instructions from Washington in regard to the titles to the point the work has been delayed, consequently all the engineer property at Point Adams will have to be stored in one of the houses. The one occupied as the office will be sufficiently large to answer our propose. It will then leave for the garrison a large barrack, a store-house, a large stable, and a smith shop. It is probable that Major Jordan will be the officer instructed to receive from Captain Elliot the property to be turned over. There are some tools and implements that will probably be of probably of service to the garrison, until wanted by the engineer department elsewhere. If so, Captain Elliot will leave them in charge of the commanding officer. Captain Elliot has also been requested to indicate the best locations for temporary quarters which are to be erected by the quartermaster.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S. Engineers.

UNIONVILLE, April 6, 1865.

Major McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

Indians are murdering men, women, and children from Granite Creek, Surprise Valley road, to the head of the Humbodlt. Send all the troops you can spare immediately.

J. M. WOODWORTH.

STAR CITY, April 6, 1865-2 p. m.

Major McDERMIT,

Commanding Sub-District of Nevada:

Indians have bruned Granite Creek Station, Honey Lake road, where Lucer was killed; bruned houses, hay, and all surroundings, and three men missing, supposed to have been turned, the body of one having been found in the ruins. The names of the missing are known as Thomas Rosse, R. B. Doom, and one other. Letter written to be forwarded by next mail, saying that there was danger of more trouble on the road, and asked for troops to be sent to Deep Hole Station, where plenty of forage can be found, and which is in the midst of troubles. Indians captured quite a let of arms and ammunition at Granite Station-four rifles, muskets, and several six-shooters. Wolverton is after them (the Indians) toward Gravelly Fort. A body of Indians shot one man near

