
there, thirty-five miles southeast of Dun Glen. The Indians set fire to the house, and as the men escaped and made for their horses they had their clothes cut with bullets, and one man had six bullets go through his overshirt; not hurt. Fifty mountend men sent to Deep Creek Station; be there Monday, where they can get hay for 2 cents per pound, coin. If I cannot give word that soldiers are coming, volunteers will ge from here and miscellaneous slaugthering will ensue.

E. F. DUNNE.

STAR CITY, April 6, 1865.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Commanding Sub-Distict of Nevada:

Messacre in Paradise Valley. Six women and two men killed. Send cartridges, caliber. 58, and revolvers, and 200 men. There are 1,000 Indians on the warpath.

E. F. DUNNE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT OF NEVADA, Numbers 4. Fort Churchill, April 6, 1865.

I. Captain R. C. Payne, Nevada Cavalry Volunteers, commanding Camp Ney, will arm and property equip 100 men of Companies D and E, Nevada Cavalry, under command of Captain A. B. Wells, who will be in readiness to leave Camp Nye Firday morning, the 7th instant, for this post, to proceed from here to Star City, Humboldt County, Nev. Ter., to protect the settlers and othr parties passing through that section of the country from hostile Indians.

* * * *

IV. Captain Wells will report to the commanding officer for instructions.

By order of Charles McDermitt, major, Second Cavalry California Vounteers, commanding:

DANIEL VANDERHOOF,First Lieutenant, Acting Post Ajudtant.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 9. Fort Humboldt, Cal., April 6, 1865.

I. Company B, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Phelan commanding, will proceed to-morrow morning en route for Fort Gaston, using expedition on the march, and report to Major Charles W. Long, First Battalion [Mountaineers], California Volunteers, commanding.

II. Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, Captain Miller commanding, will without unnecessary delay proceed to and take post at Camp Iaqua, relieving First Lieutenant Middleton, Company A, in command of same. Captain Miller will receive and receipt for all Government property. Upon being relieved Lieutenant Middleton and detachment will join their company at Fort Humboldt.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. RANDALL,

First Lieutenant and Adj. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

