
in pursuit of Indians entered a town south of Salf Lake, the inhabitants had a portion of the same band in their houses, and told my officers that they had passed through a cannon in the mountains several days previous. On another occasion a party of fifty or more Ute Indians entered the town of Battle Creek and attacked six soldiers of my command, and continued the attack for several hours, during which time 150 able-bodied white men, claiming to be Americal citizens, quietly looked on the attack from their house trop[s, barns, shelds, and haystacks, without offering the slightest assistance. The bravery of the men and officer in charge finally compelled the Indians to retire, with a loss of several killed and wounded. I mention these instances to show the spirit animating the community. Nothing but fear and policy caused the leaders to remain quiet; but on every occasion they sneered at the authority of the Government and predicted to their followers its speedy downfall.

After whipping the Indians into subjection I turned my attention to a development of the mineral wealth of the Territory, with a view to encourage a different class of emigration, and thus eventually break up a system of religion and government at once infamous and abhorrent to every refined mind. In my efforts to develop the mineral wealth of the Territory I was sustained by my officers and men, who, while they desired active service, cheerfuly executed my orders, and with great energy prospected the country, and succeeded discovering rich gold and silver bearing rock. It is now a settled fact that the mines of Utah are equal to any west of the Missouri River, and only await the advent of capital to develop them. About the same time that I commenced this system of prospecting I caused a daily newspaper to be instituted at my own expense, which has been and is now in successful operation, and doing much toward redeeming Utah from the "one-man power" of the Mormon Church. Last summer I sent an expedition from Salt Lake City for the purpose of opening a wagon-road communiction between that place and the head of navigation of the Colorado River. The expedition was extirely successful, and now goods are shipped by that route. The power of the Mormon Church has been gretly exaggerated abroad. While I have every reson to know that the leaders of it are disloyal and traitors at heart, I have no fear of their taking any steps to reduce difficulties between them and the troops. They content themselves with gasconade and such petty annoyances as they be able to inflict upon the Government, in refusing to furnish from their abundance, supplies, &amp;c. They daily violate the acts of Congress in the practice of polygramy, in the passage of laws violating the organic act and of others wholly opposed to the spirit of our institutions. The secret of the power of these leaders lies in this one word-isolation. So long as they were able to keep their people from association with the ouside world they were safe. To this end they employed every means possible to force Federal officers (not Mormons) out of the Territory, and they succeeded well until the advent of the troops in 1862. The condition of affairs to-day is far different from that of those years ago. The pursence of troops giving protection to those not belonging to the church; the establishment of a free press; the discovery to extensive mines, and the subjection of the Indians have already gathered quite a large population of loyal men, who from the nucleus around which gather all the elements opposed to this infamous evil of our age, clother with the name of religion. Three years ago there were not 100 Gentiles, aside from the

75 R R-VOL L, PT II

