
troops, in the Territory. Now there must be not less than 1,500, with the number constantly increasing. A town (Stockton) has been established in the center of the Rush Valley mining district, thrity-eight miles from Salt Lake, by those not members of the church, which is rapidly gaining all the elements of permenency. It is a source of much pride to me that all these changers are in progress for the better, and to know that notwithstanding I had to encounter all the opposition of the Mormon Church, my policy has proved successful, and that but a few years will elapse before Utah will be redeemed from her infamy and degredation and contribute a loyal and healthy support to our common country, instead of being, as she now is, a foul and fifthy ucler upon the body politic. I do not apprehend any trouble with Indians in that Territory. They have been thoroughly whipped and taught the cosequences of molesting the mail coaches and emigrant trains. The troops now serving in that Territory, consisting of California and Nevada regiments, are in fine condition, well disciplined veteran soldiers, and honor and credit to the service, and in charge of capable and experienced officers. Public property is carefully used and no extravagance premitted. The public funds are disbursed with the utmost economy consistent with the publict service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, April 15, 1865.

Resepctfully forwarded to Captain Joseph McC. Bell, assistant adjutant-general, Military Division of the Missouri, for the information of the major-general commanding Military Division of the Missouri.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second infrosemnt.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Sant Louis, April 28, 1865.

This interesting and valuable report of General Connor, concerning affairs in Utah, is respectfully forwarded for the information of the Secretary of War. If throws great light upon the condition of the Morman settements and the object of the rulers in Utah, which will prove veru useful in the consideration of measures relating to the future status of that Territory.

JNO POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

TERRITORY OF ARIZONA, U. S. SUPREME COURT,

La Paz, April 7, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I wrote you some weeks since concerning the various distances from Prescott and this point to the other settled parts of this Territory. I then stated to you that I throught the road from here the best, all things considered, although I knew that at seasons of the year water

