
stay after turning over the command, was very kind in his efforts to impart all desired information. I will remark here that recruiting for the cavalry is progressing rether in the last weeks than a first. For present purposes the troops of the district, supposing that the twelve companies of cavalry and the tenth of the Oregon infantry will be filled, and leaving out of view San Juan Island and the forts at the mouth of the Columbia, would be disposed of, if approved by the general commanding the department, as follows:

For Fort Colville, one company of cavalry and one of infantry. This is cheap cavalry post, and the necessity for this arm of the service is increasing. There are no treaties or troubles now with the Indians in its vicinity, but one account of the constant increase of mineral discoveries around it, and consequent increase of travel and settlement, it is important that our present friendly relations should be maintained. To do this, sufficient force and watchfulness and care one the part of the military toward both whites and Indians are move necessary than heretofore. Indians, however well disposed, when not inconveienced by the proximity or intrusion upon their grounds of our people, may be forced, be either or both through real or imaginary wrongs, to rise suddenly and commit such depredations as lead to extermination, and much great cost pecuniarily than the maintenence of such a force in their midst as would deter them, as well as the lawless and evil-disposed of our own people, from aggression and wrong. These consideration are sternghened by the fact that this post is on one of the main traveled reoutes from ours to the Kootenai (British) mines. For Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter., one company of cavalry is required as a police to prevent any infraction of our treaty stipulations with the Nez Perces, and lawlessness generally on their reserve. With reasonable attention and justice their frienship, so uninterrupted in the past, may be relied upon for the future. On account of fixed boundaries and privileges, with and appreciative oficer in command at Fort Lapwai, they are not liable to be forced even into confict with our citizens. For Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., two companies of infantry and three of cavalry. Its isolated position-500 miles from this place and about the same from Camp Douglas, in the midst of a population, a large porportion of which is not of doubtful proclivities or antededents-of iteself makes this force necessary. But this necessity, at least for some years, will be more urgent on account of the presence of thieving bands of Indians infesting all the routes leading into the extensive and rich mineral districts of which it is the center, and the protection of which whitin a large circuit must depend upon it. A depot in Jordan Creek Valley, twenty-five miles west of th Owyhe mines, supplied by wagons from Fort Boise for a small detachment of infantry and a company of cavalry, can protect the vicinity of these mines where there has been much trouble, as well as the route leading from Northern California and Southern Oregon, via Harney Lake and Steen's Valley, as far as those points. There should also be sufficient to partol the mail or stage route, as well the emigrant rout leading through Camas Prairie from Salt Lake City. There is no necessity of Fort Boise being an expensive cavalry post. There is ample grass during dummer in all directions, and so far as the wintering of the horses, the Government hay reserve is very productive, the grass from which can be harvested cheaply if property managed, and undoubtedly such amounts of grain as might be absolutely necessary could, even this season, be purchased in its vicinity at reasonable rates. For Frot Klamath, one company of infantry and one of cavalry. The movements or operations of these

