
would connect to the eastward and north with those from Jordan Creek or Fort Boise, thus giving, I think, through protection from Goose Lake to the Owyhee mines. Fort Camp Watson, one company of cavalry and a detachment of infantry from Fort Dalles during the summer to operate south as far as Harney Lake, as well as to protct The Dalles and Canyon City road. From these points, Fort Boise, Fort Klamath, and Camp Watson, the overland travel to the Boise and Canyon City mines from California, Southern and Middle Oregon, will be well protected. In the entire country to be traversed by these parties it has never been my opinion that three is any large number of Indians, even if they were all collected; but they are in small parties and active and determined rouges, killing whenever necessary to accomplish their purpose. The nature of the country, its game and products, compel them to scatter in order to subsist, and in the meantime lay by something for winter when they collect in larger camps. For this purpose (laying up something for winter) our occupation of and travel through much of their country renders it valueless to them and makes greater necessity for activity in their thieving raids. For Forts Walla Walla and Dalles, one company of infantry and cavalry at each until the forts could be property disposed of or sold. The troops at these posts are only useful in furnishing detachments to the Umatilla and Warm Springs Reservations and escorts to paymasters, &amp;c. The necessity is constantly growing less. In a little while they could be abandoned and sold with benefit to the Government. For Fort Yamhill, the present garrison, Captain Scott's company, California volunteers. For Fort Steilacoom, two companies of infantry. The large number of Indians in its vicinity makes this force necessary to hold in check lawlessness generally, or to punish any aggression on the part of the Indians. The tree remaining companis of the First Washington Territory Infantry would b during the summer, preparatory to being discharged, and are not included in these dispositions, but would be left at their present posts, except as favorable opportunities were presented for bringing them in. The tenth company of Oregon infantry and the three remaining companies of cavalry (dismounted) would remain at this post.

These arrangements in full are of course contigent upon both regiments filling and those for the forts at the mouth of the Columbia remaining as at present contemplated. Taking into consideration the requirements of the service in the distict, I earnestly recommend that both regiments be promptly filled. The tenth company of the infantry will fill some time their summer. The cavalry number about 500 enlisted men in nine fragements. Company C at Fort Klamath, Company G at Camp Waston, Company F at Fort Lapwai, Applegate's company (new) are all very nar the minimum. These, except the new company, are at their proper stations (except a few recruits of F. now here), but I very much fear that none of the remaining companies will be organized in time to be of much service this summer. I shall, however, use those of the old companies here to the bst advantage possible. From this place the county bordering the Columbia and Willamette River, as far as navigation extends, is readily accessible. The chaepness of their support here, the fact that discipline and soldierly bearing are more easily estabished and better preserved in commands of several companies than one or two, points to this, in my judgment, as the proper place for concetrating all the troops not absolutely required for active operations. The movements of the troops now on hand will not be delayed for those in process of organization. they will be put in

