
montion as soon as practicable and divided as indicted. I have been thus particular, colonel, at the risk of being tedious, with the hope that I might present to the general the necessitents of the district in such a manner as would enable him to understand the movements that they be directed for the summer. I will add that so far as possible, without sacrificing more important duties, the escorts for surveying parties will be furnished as indicated by Geneal Alvord.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavavalry, Commanding District.

[Translation.]

CONSULATE OF MEXICO IN SAN FRANCISCO,

San Francisco, April 7, 1865.

General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding General of the Department of the Pacific:

Two French men-of-war, La Victorie and Le Rhin, have arrived at Santa Barbara, after having sufferd damages at sea, and are coming to this port, one of them with object of making repairs in the navy-yard at Mare Island. The newspapers of this city have announced the arrival of these vessels and the orders they have given for the necessary supplies of coal. These same journals make statements which I suppose on account of their truth and justice must have attracted your attantion.

These vessels to which I have just referred have taken part in most of the attempts against the Mexican Republic. The Emperor Napoleon, making light of the convention ratified by his representatives before the whole civilized world, has, without a preliminary declaration, waged against a freindly natiokn a war more cruel and barbarous than any motive could justify in order that such an abuse of power could be committed.

And this same Emperor has not been very consistent toward the United States. We know his refusal to give assistance to the American men-of-war arriving in French waters in pursuit of the pirates that have done so much harm to the commerce of this country. Undoubtedly the war against the insurrectionists would be already finished but for the favored them in every possible way. I do not apply to you, genneral, to ask you to imitate the Government of the Tuileries, since this is not my affairs, and you will undoubtedly work in confromity to the instructions and orders that you received from President Lincoln. My object is to beg you, in the name of Mexico, whose natinality is in danger, for the justice which is due her, not allowing in this harbor, where the Republic reckons on so much sympathy, the French war ships to provide themselves with articles with which they are going to continue the work of destruction which the soldierss of Napoleon have undertaken.

Chile, a small Republic compared to this, has given an example worthy of imitation. She declared mineral coal to be material of war and refused it in her ports to the Spanish vessels that asked it in order to make war upon Peru. I know that I am applying to a general who is enthusiastic for liberty and who detests tyranny. The tyranny exercised by a foreigner who calls himself Emperor designs to put itself in the place of the liberty established in a country that is advancing on

