
same to the Treasury Department. To-day the Governor has telegraphed to the State Department. I regert that at present that authoriies on this coast are not authorized to take any steps to comply with your request, and that bark Emily Banning sailed on the 6th instant for Santa Barbara with coal for the French fleet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF NEVADA,Fort Churchill, March [April] 9, 1865.

M. W. HAVILAND, Esq.,

Paradise Valley, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th ultimo [instant], requesting me to send more troops to the Humboldt country for the protection of settlers. Captain Wells, with 103 men, well armed and equipped, is now en route for Paradise Valley, with instructions to make that point the headquarters of his command, and to send troops from there to such points as he may deem their services ost required. I am pleased to learn that you can furnish hay for our animals at $5 per ton, and I will instruct Captain Wells to contract with you for all he may require. Will you be kind enough to assist Captain Wells in selecting his camp? You can assure the settler of Humboldt and Paradise Valley that I will do everything that is in my power to protect their lives and property. Captain Wells will have 150 men under his command, and I thik will be able to whip all the Indians that may oppose him.

Yours, respectfully,

C. McDERMIT,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., April 10, 1865-2 p. m.

General McDOWELL:

I have official dispatches giving pariculars of the surrender of Lee and his army to General Grant. I go down to-day.

F. F. LOW,

Governor.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 10, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In 1863 an ivoice of ordnance and ordnance stores from the Watervliet Aresenal, also from the New York Arsenal, arrived at Benecia, embracing 1,000 Springfield rifle muskets, 75 Sharps carbines, and 3 mountain howitzers, with equipements for the same. The invoices were all made to the commanding officer, Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter. Govrnor Nye claimed that all these arms and equipements were sent out speciality for the Territory of Nevada, and were to be turend over at once to him; but in the absence of any instructions on the subject from the War [Department] I declined to issue further than I might

