
deem propert under the special authority given me by the Secretary of War. The subject having again been brought up in a communication recently received from Major McDermit, I called upon him for copies of all orders he had received in relation to those arms. The major in reply sends me a copy of Major-General McDowell's letter to His Excellenty Governor Blasdel, also copy of a letter from Governor Nye to Major McDermit, dated on the 19th of September, 1865 (mistake in the year), giving a dispatch from the Secretary of War to the Governor. It appears that these arms were intended by the Secretary to be placed at the disposal of the Governor, but as they were invoiced in the usual manner, without any special orders as to their disposal, of course I was not all liberty to place them beyond my control.

Very respectfully,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA.

Sacramento, April 10, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In accordane with the wishes of the 20th general commanding the department, conveyed to me in your letter of the 20th ultimo, I dispatched Captain Ropes, Second Cavalry, with his company to Mariposa County for the purpose of arresting the man Rudd and others of that class whom he might find in that quarter. Captain Ropes returned to this plac on the 8th instant, and his report is herewith inclosed*. I send Captain Ropes to San Francisco to-day with orders to deliver the prisoners Rudd to the commanding officer at Alcatraz Island, and then report at department headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADUQARTERS,

Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., April 10, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 72, dated headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 25, 1865, I this day assumed command of this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. COURREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 12, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Brigadier-General Alvord, who has been relieved from duty in this department and ordered to report to the Adjutant-General, feels,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

