
from what he has heard, that there may have been representations made to the Department concerning him which would make it desirable he should have an expression of opinion from me, as his late commander, as to the course he has pursued while serving in the District of Oregon. I therefore beg to say that his course was characterized by great zeal in the discharge of his duties, in which he took the deepest interest, by stanch loyalty to the Government, and by the most active support of the Administration. The Governors of Oregon, of Idaho, and Washington have expressed themselves to me in the warmest manner concerning him, and have assured me he was most acceptable to the loyal population of his district. I am ignorant of what, if any, unfavorable representations have been made against him, but am sure none can have been truly made affecting in any way his patriotism, devotion to duty, or integrity.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 82. San Francisco, Cal., April 12, 1865.

* * * *

2. Company F, Fourth Infantry California Vounteers, now at the recruiting depot in this city, will proceed to the Presidio of San Francisco preparatory to sailing for Fort Humboldt. Such of the enlisted men of this company as may be necessary will be retained at the depot on recruiting service until the company leaves for Humboldt.

* * * *

4. Company B, Eight Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed on the next steamer to Cape Disappointment. This company will be stationed at one of the forts guarding the entrace to the Columbia River, all of which are hereby placed under the command of Major William H. Jordan, Eight Infantry California Volunteers.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 13, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith are papers received this morning from Major McDermit in relation to Indian distrubances in Paradise Valley*. The prompt measures taken by the major in throwing troops forward will, I think, settle our Indian affairs in that quarter very soon. I have said nothing about the establishment of permanent posts in

---------------

* See Banks to McDermit, April 4; citizens of Dun Glen to McDermit (with inclosure), April 4; Woodworth to McDermit, April 6; Dunne to McDermit (two communications), April 6; Special Orders, Numbers 4, April 6; Dunne to McDermit, April 7; McDermit to Haviland, March [April] 9; Waite to McDermit, April 13, pp. 1177, 1182, 1183, 1187, 1192, 1195.

---------------

