
III. Major Robert S. Williamson, Engineers, will repair immediately to Fort Crook, and thence, with Captain Mellen, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and a sufficient escort from the latter's company, will proceed with as little delay as practicable to select the site for the camp herein directed to be established. He will send his report through Brigadier-General Wright's headquarters.

IV. Brigadier-General Wright will, at the earliest moment the season will permit, order a company of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers to take post at the point which may be selected as above and established itself for the year, by erecting such temporary cabins for themselves and shelter for their horses as the country may afford by the labros of the troops.

V. The company will be considered as in the field, and no purchases of lumber or other buildings materials will be allowed.

VI. As soon as the roads will permit, Brigadier-General Wright will establish a company of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers in Honey Lake Valey, so as to protect the settlements and the road from Susanville to the Humboldt River, Nev. Ter. The company will be considered as in the field, and no purchases of lumber or other building materials will be allowed. It will be established with regard to wood, water, and grass, and will protct itself and horses by such temporary shelters as the county may afford by the labor of the troops.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 15, 1865.

Colonel E. McGARRY,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Camp Union:

COLONEL: The President of the United States and the Secretary of State were assassinated at the national capital las night. The whole nation will mourn for this great national calamity. Let the officers and soldiers of the army wear crape on their left arms and sword hilts as an outward sign of the deep grief they feel in their hearts. Yours colors and guidons will also be dreped in mourning.

By order:

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 15, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of Utah, &amp;c., Hdqrs. Denver City, Colo. Ter.:

GENERAL: I thank you for the friendly expression in your letter of March 7 and the assurances of friendly desire to co-operate with me in the discharge of your duties under your new commander. It was not intended by the Governor of California and myself to continue the Third California Volunteer Infantry in service beyond the tree years of their engagement. I understand that the Governor has commissioned Captain Johns as lieutenant-colonel of the battalion.

Whising you much succss, I am, general, yours, truly and sincerely,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

