
LOS ANGELES, CAL., April 16, 1865-2 p. m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: We shall require more troops here, and cavalry immediately.

JAS. F. CURTIS,

Colonel of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., April 16, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: To-day I have had the honor of telegrephing you that we should require more troops here, and cavalry immediately. As to the necessity, I respectfully present the following reasons: In addition to the service required of cavalry against the bands of hostile Indians roving through the couny of San Bernardino, depredating upon the Mojave road and within a few miles of the county seat, information of which has heretofore been communicated general, it is probable that the death of the President will hasten the preparations of secessionists within these lower counties, who have been organized for months to oppose the Governor of the United States by force. The Union people of San Bernardino are satisfied that an organization of secessionists is preparing for action of some kind, and they demand protection; consequently I to-day disaptched a force of 120 men, under command of Captain P. Munday, Fourth California Infantry, to silence opposition and to protect Unionists. I believe this force too small to effect much, but it is all I can possibly spare. Twenty of the number above mentioned will be Native Cavalry mounted. Orders from your headquarters have directed that Captain West'scompany (C), Fourth California Infantry, when relieved at Fort Mojave, should take post at Camp Cady for the present. I have sent out from here thirty days' subsistance for it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Coloneol Fourth California Infantry, Commanding District.

[Indorsement.]

No more troops will be sent, for the present at least, to the Southern District. The infantry companies at Camp Drum must be used. It is believed they will abundantly suffice for the case presented.

RED BLUFF, April 17, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I consider it my duty to inform you, for the information of the major-general commanding this department, that the purser, or clerk, of the steamboat Victor, on which I was a passenger, informed me and others that when the sad news of the death of the President reached Colusa the district attorney of the couny and the sheriff of the county proposed publicity to fire 100 guns in honor of the event, and one of

