
them offered to furnish the powder for the purpose. Also, that it was probable the attempt to fire the salute would have been attempted had not some Union men (of which it was stated there was a minority in the town) provented it, by saying that if the attempt was made blood would be shed. One of the two mentioned countly officers actually fired two pistols or guns. I quietly listended to the purser's statement, but kept quiet to prevent if from being known that I intended to report the circumstance to you. though this but a report, it is well known to many. In fact it is a common rumor, believed by many who think it true, and I beleive if cautious measures be taken evidence can easily be collected to convict the county officers of treason. The clerk of the Victor, my informant, seems a strong Union and loyal man, and is named J. Q. A. Cunnigham, and will doubtless furnish more accurate detais, with the names of the parties, if called upon. His boat goes down to Sacramento, leaving this morning, and will go up again on Saturday next. He has no idea I intended to make this report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Major, U. S. Engineers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 27. San Francisco, Cal., April 17, 1865.

It has come to the knowledge of the major-general commanding that there have been found within the department persons so utterly infamous as to exult over assassination of the President. Such persons become virtually accessories after the fact, and will at once be arested by any officer or provost-marshal or memeber of the police having knowledge of the case. Any paper so offending or expressing any sympathy ijn any way whatever with the act will be at once seized and suppressed.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 85. San Francisco, Cal., April 17, 1865.

* * * *

4. The troops ordered to the city from Alcatraz and Presidio will take post till further orders at the Harrison Steet depot. The commander of the whole, who will be a field officer from Presidio, will, together with the provost-marshal, Major Morton, confer with the chief of the city police, M. L. Bruke, and take, under his direction, such measures as will preserve the peace of the city.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, April 17, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

GENERAL: In view of the excited condition of the publict mind I hereby request that you will station a force of not less than 500 men

