
before very cold weather sets in. It is raining here now, and snowing on the surrounding mountains. It is important that I should know the general's decision as soon as possible, as winter is fast approaching. Communication by mail or tlegraph will, until my arrival at Salt Lake, reach me earlier by being directed to Ruby Valley than to any other point.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infty. California Vols., Commanding District of Utah.

WASHINGTON, September 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

It has been proposed to send a regiment of five companies of cavalry from California to New Mexico. Could they at this season pass over the southern route without serious difficulty?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 15, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a telegraphic message sent to the Secretary of War on the 12th instant, signed by His Excellency Governor Stanford and myself. * I hope that authority will be granted to raise another regiment of volunteer infantry in this State. The force at my immediate disposal is small. The large command dispatched to the Rio Grande under Brigadier-General Carleton and the command of Colonel Connor on the Overland Mail Route has reduced my force much, yet I have troops enough hor all present purposes, although an emergency might arise requiring an increase. The late election in this State passed off very quietly, resulting in the success of the Union ticket by large majorities. but our enemies are not idle; they are making every effort to depreciate our Government and our currency. I have had interviews with the Governor of the State, the U. S. marshal, collector, postmaster, and chief of police, and I am happy to find that perfect harmony exists amongst them all, and that I can rely with perfect confidence upon receiving their cordial support in maintaining the supremacy of our laws and the enforcement of the orders lately received from the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 15, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Latham, near Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: Immediately upon the reciept of this communication the department commander directs you to dispatch an express to Lieutenant Colonel

---------------

* See p. 115.

---------------

