HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 8, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES JAMES,

Collector, &amp;c., San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Major-General McDowell respectfully requests the use of the Saginaw or other vessels in your department for the purpose of bringing troops from Angel and Alcatraz Islands to-morrow. If the request is granted, it is desirable that the troops should be landed by 9 a. m. They will return to their posts at the conclusion of the funeral ceremonies.

Respectfully,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 86. San Francisco, Cal., April 18, 1865.

1. Company I, Eighth Infantry California Volunteers, will be sent on to-night's boat to this city. The company will remain in the city until the conclusion of the funeral ceremonies of the late Chief Magistrate of our country, when it will proceed to and take post at Fort Point.

2. The troops at the various posts in this harbor, except the usual guards at the Presidio, Camp Reynolds, and Alcatraz, and Captains Stewart's and Mears' companies, at Fort Point and Point San Jose, will be sent to Washington Square, in this city, to arrive by 10 a. m. to-morrow. Colonel Wood, Major Bowman, Captain Stewart, and Brevet Major Andrews will remain in command of the posts at which they are respectively stationed. Colonel Thomas F. Wright, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will command all the U. S. troops forming part of the funeral procession.

3. The provost guard and the troops at the recruiting depot will not join in the procession. All the officers and enlisted men belonging to these commands will be required to remain at their respective stations until the conclusion of the funeral ceremonies.

4. The half-hour guns required in paragraph 275 of the Regulations will be fired at Alcatraz; at all the other posts, twenty-one minute guns will be fired, as directed in ordrs from Washington. The firing will be done by the guard at the several stations.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Scramento, April 18, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have received reliable information that the rebels of Colusa fired guns and cheered the assassination of the President. I have ordered (be telegraph) Captain Starr to march from Camp Bidwell to Colusa and arrest such persons and send them under a strong guard to Camp Union. I have sent Lieutenant Tillinghast by land to Colusa to aid Captain Starr. Sacramento is perfectly quiet, and I

76 R R-VOL L, PT II

