
have no apprehension of any serious attempt to disturb this tranquillity. If there should be, I am prepared to suppress it by the strong arm of power.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 18, 1865.

Lieutenant A. TILLINGHAST,

Second California Cavalry, Sacramento:

SIR: It having come to the knowledge of the brigadier-general commanding that certain rebel sympathizers in Colusa have made public rejoicings over the assassination of the President, I am desired by him to inclose to you the accompanying order* to report at that place to Captain Starr, of your regiment, who has been ordered with hi company there from Camp Bidwell. Herewith please find a pakcage of instructions for him, in furtherance of which you will obtain on your arrival such information as may be necessary for the success of the expedition, the object of which is the arrest of all such parties.

Very respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 18, 1865.

Captain A. W. STARR,

Second California Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding has received information that the rebel sympathizers in and about Colusa fired guns and cheered the assassinatioin of President Lincoln. The object in your movement to Colusa is to arrest all such persons and send them under a strong guard to Camp Union. You will be governed by Department General Orders, Numbers 27, current series, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose. * Lieutenant Tillinghast has been ordered to Colusa to aid you in this duty. You will discreetly, but with promptness and decision.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Translation.]

CONSULATE OF MEXICO IN SAN FRANCISCO,

San Francisco, April 18, 1865.

General IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Commanding General of the Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

To the protest which I believed that it way my duty to address to you on the 7th of this month, you were pleased to reply the following day, the 8th, by a telegram from Sacramento, where you happened to be, to the effect that you had made a report to the War Department

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 27, April 17, p. 1198.

---------------

