
for its decision. It seems that this decision has not yet arrived, since you have not been so kind as to communicate it to me. At the same time and with the corresponding object that you had, the collectoir of the port and the Governor of California addressed themselves to the Treasury and State Departments.

The French men-of-war La Victorie and Le Rhin, which have had such a great share in desolating the ports oif the neighboring Mexican Republic, and in carrying fire, robbery, death, and ruin to its principal cities, have entered this harbor, and in it they are receiving every kind of assistance. This is so much at variance with what in Europe has been done by France for the United States, that the arrival of these ships has suggested to the Morning Call the writing of the judicious article which I have the honor to inclose for you, in case you may not have read it. *

I hope, general, that you will be pleased to order some temporary measure that will prevent the enemies of my country from receiving assistance from this sister Republic, assistance with which they are going to continue their iniquitous work.

I offer to you the assurance of my appreciation and my distinguished consideration.

JOSE A. GODOY.

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1865.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major General I. MCDOWELL:

Please report to this Department when Brigadier General B. Alvord sailed from San Francisco for the East in obedience to the orders of the Secretary of War some weeks since. Please state also the date when General Alvord was relieved from the command of the District of Oregon, and who relieved him under that order.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 20, 1865.

Senor JOSE A. GODOY,

Mexican Consul, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknolwedge the reciept of your letter of the 18th instant in relation to the French ships refitting in this harbor. I informed you on the 8th instant I had fully represented the whole subject to the War Department. I did so as soon as I learned of the ships being on their way to this port. The collector also informed the Treasury Department. The Government at Washington is, therefore, so far as depends on its officers here, fully acquainted with the facts. I can act only on its instructions and in conformity with its policy, which I do not permit myself to question nor discuss. I will only say that the decision on the matter submitted will be made from Washington to the naval authorities at Mare Island and the collector, and not to me. The only instructions I have received is to extend to the French fleet the usual courtesies.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

---------------

*Inclosure omitted.

---------------

