
TERRITORY OF ARIZONA, U. S. SUPREME COURT,

La Paz, April 20, 1865.

Major-General MCDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of a note from Colonel Drum, dated March 22, 1865, postmarked 5th of April, informing me that a large force is under orders for Arizona, and that our citizens will receive full protection from all enemies, foreign and domestic. Had this communication been placed in the post-office at the time it was written, it is possible I might have been able to do something to stay the exodus from the country (although the note is ufnortunately indefinite as to the disposition of troops), but now I fear it is too late. Again, a California column is to move into an abanodned country-aye, a country actually abandoned while the head of that column was at Fort Yuma preparing to march up the only safe road in the Territory. General, a corporal's guard of blue coast here to-day would turn the tide; a regiment next summer will be too late. Troops at Fort Yuma are scarcely nearer the menaced portions of our Territory than they were at Camp Drum, and all the moral effect is lost because no one knows they are there, no one sees them, no one passes Yuma, excep ton a boat that isn't in U. S. employ. A corporal's guard here as the evidence of actual arrival would be known to the remotest confines of the Apacheria in less time that it takes this letter to reach you. It would be known to every white man north of the Gila in four days, and would rouse them to another effort.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. ALLYN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 21, 1865.

General PLACIDO VEGA, Mexican Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

MY DEAR SIR: The sad events of the last week must be my apology for not sooner akcnowledging the receipt of the letters you were so kind as to send to me for General Mason's use in promoting a co-operation between the Mexican troops in Sonora and those of the United States in Arizona in their respective operations against their common enemy, the Apache Indians, who roam between the two countries.

Please accept my thanks, general, for your attention, and believe me, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 21, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of a telegram just received from General Bidwell. Captain Wells is now operating against the Indians in Humboldt County, Nev. Ter., and I have ordered him to move over the country mentioned by General Bidwell. Captain Starr is still on the west side of the Sacramento, executing my special orders

