
in making arrests, &amp;c. A portion of Captain Doughty's company is at present absent from Camp Bidwell in pursuit of Indians on Deer Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] CHICO, April 21, 1865.

General GEORGE WRIGHT:

News by courier from Smoke Creek says Granite Creek Station burned, and every man killed; also that all the stations between Smoke Creek and Humboldt ae abandoned. I write by mail.

J. BIDWELL.

CHICO, April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, Sacramento:

GENERAL: The inclosed petition and letters I forward for your information, having been sent to me by a special courier. It seems imperative that a military force be sent without delay. The road over the mountains is traveld daily by horsemen. Cavalry therefore will have no difficulty, but loaded wagons cannot well surmount about seven miles of snow. That, however, can be passed with empty wagons in the morning when the snow is stiff, and the baggage can be got over on sleds. I see no other way. The travel to Idaho has gone over this route since April 3, and while the trains have thus far met no difficulty, yet it will not do to leave it unprotected. The scene of the present Indian troubles lies some fifty miles to the east of the Idaho route, but the Indians are roving, and will be sure to infest the traveld roads. I will do anything in my power to aid in crossing the mountains. Perhaps the men could precede the baggage train a few days. There is no road north of the Dutch Flat route open for teams at this time, except the Chico road, and none with as little snow. Captain Starr is at Colusa. Captain Doughty somewhat under the weather from boils. The petition you will observe is addressed to General McDowell, but I will take the liberty of transmitting it through you to him to avoid delay.

I remain, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

J. BIDWELL.

[Indorsement.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Sacramento, April 24, 1865.

Respectfully forwardeded to department headquarters.

Captain Wells, of Nevada cavalry, now operating against hostile Indians in Humboldt County, Nev. Ter., has been instructed to send a mounted company in the direction of Honey Lake at once, and the sixth paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 26, current series, from department headquarters, will be executed at the earliest practicable moment.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

The undersigned, citizens oif Lassen County and of the State of California, to General McDowell, commanding the Pacific Department of War, greeting:

We would respectfully represent to General McDowell that within the past six months we have at several different times petitioned the department

