
for military defense against Indian depredations upon our lives, property, and interests; that within said space of time incalculable damage to property and to the progress and advnacemetn of this section of country has been done by Indian outrage, whilst a number of our citizens have lost their lives. That insecurity to life and property and the entire estoppel of travel through our section from certain knowledge of danger to travel upon our roads is working material injury to our interests. That almost every week brings intelligence of murder and theft by the Indians upon the Humboldt Riuver, and that from the frequency of these occurrences, the very considerable number of Indians known to be conregated on this road, as well as from their repeated declarations, we are convinced they do not design this road shall be traveled this year. But a fewdays past three citizens were murdered at Granite Creek, on the Susanville and Humboldt road, by name Andrew Creel, N. D. Simmonds, and Jack Curry, said point bing ninety-two miles from Susanville, forty-three miles from Smoke Creek, and twelve miles from Deep Hole Station, upon said road. That all of the different stations upon the road have been vacated becuse of insecurity to property and life. That all travel for Boise or Hmbodt is being lost to us, taking the Oregon and Nevada routes. That two of our citizens, Captain Frank Drake and John H. Neal, having their teams at Humboldt, will be forced at much delay of time and much additional expense to take their trains by the way of Virginia City. That large quantities of live stock have been driven away from Smoke Creek Station and in the immediate vicinity of this valley by the Indians, who, from being unpunished, are becomign more bold very day. We would further represent to you that Smoke Creek Station presents one of the most favorable points for location of soldiery. That it has a large barracks capable of accomodating 100 men, with most comfortable and convenient apartments; has large and suficient stabling, an abundance of hay, grain, and grass; that it is a healthful location; is distnat thirty miles from Susanville and fifty miles from Surprise Valley, on the direct road to Boise River, and that Captain Pearce's saddle train passes through and by it. That is distant from Unionville, Humboldt mines, about ninety miles, and is on the direct road to Humboldt. We believe the selection of this point will accommodate all sections of surreounding country, the travel to Boise mines and Humboldt mines, and the lives and property of this valley, Smoke Creek, Surprise Valley, and of the stations established upon the Humboldt road, will all be made secure. This staion has been occupied by Captain mellen and forces, Lieutenant Tillinghast, Lieutenants Firman and Jewett, and Captain Wells, all of whom have found it answring the purposes for which they were sent, namely, the best and most effectual defense of this sectioin of country. Submitting to you, general, these facts, we have faith that you will immediately move for our relief. B is indeed working us grievous wrong and injury, and that we are wholly unsafe until we have that protection which our country awards her citizens when in danger, and which we feel assured you will not deny us when convinced of its urgency and necessity.

Respectfully,

JNO S. WARD,

WIT DEHAVEN,

I. J. HARVEY,

[AND 70 OTHERS.]

