
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SMOKE CREEK STATION, Tuesday, April 18, 1865-3 a. m.

I. J. HARVEY, Esq.:

DEAR SIR: I left home this morning at 9 o'clock and went to Deep Hole and have just returned, having ridden about seventy-five miles. I found Deep Hole Station abandoned, and a notice on the door as follows:

Gone to Humboldt. Look out for Indians. Granite Creek Station burned and every man killed.

J. C. PARTRIDGE.

I presume every station on the road from Buffalo is abandoned. To what extent the Indians have committed these depredations is impossible to tell. We want to find out as soon as possible. Susanville ought to send men out at once without any delay. Follow the Indians and exterminate them.

Yours, in haste,

WM. V. KINGSBURY.

PORTLAND, April 21, 1865-5. 10 p. m.

Major-General MCDOWELL:

The infantry regiment lacks thirty-four men. Two new companies of cavalry nearly full. Colonel Maury urges each to be filled. What shall be done?

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 92. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 21, 1865.

* * * *

IV. Captain E. Palmer, First Oregon Infantry, will proceed with his company on the 1st of May, proximo, from Fort Dalles en route to Fort Boise. Hospital Steward Colmache will accompany Captain Palmer's command, and on arrival will report to the commanding officer of Fort Boise for duty. The acting assistant surgeon at Fort Dalles will furnish the necessary supply of medical stores for the march. The acting commissary of subsistence at Fort Dalles will furnish subsistence. Transportation will be furnished from the Boise supply train for subsistence, ordnance stores, and field allowance of baggage.

V. Captain A. J. Borland, First Oregon Infantry, will move with his company from Fort Walla Walla en route to Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., in time to join Captain Palmer's command at the foot of the Blue Mountains. The acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence at Fort Walla Walla will furnish Captain Borland the necessary transportation and supplies, providing for field allowance of baggage.

* * * *

By order of Colonel R. F. Maury:

F. B. WHITE,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Oregon Cav., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

