
SAN FRANCISCO, April 22, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

A brother of Booth left this city on the steamer of the 13th instant for New york by way of Nicaragua. His leaving here was sudden, and it is believed if he is arrested on his arrival and before he lands some information may be obtained.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, April 22, 1865.

General MCDOWELL:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from the War Department, the acting assistant provost-marshal-general has issued orders, I understand, stopping recruiting for either old or new organizations. In view of this I desire to ask what will be the effect of this so far as the Fourth Infantry Regiment and the company for the First Cavalry are concerned? The three companeis (new) for the Fourth Infantry are above the minimum; but with these companies added the regiment is still below the minimum, and if the letter of instructions is adhered to no additional field officers can be mustered in. The regiment needs the additional field officers and particularly the lieutenant-colonel, whom you intend assigning to an important command in the Humboldt Indian country. The company for the First Cavalry in process of recruiting in Santa Clara County has sixty or seventy men. What shall be done with them?

I remain, general, your obedient servant,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 22, 1865.

General PLACIDO VEGA, Mexican Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

MY DEAR SIR: I beg to make my sincere acknowledgment for the kind expressions in your note of the 15th instant relative to the great calamity which has befallen the United States in death of its President, and at the same time to ask your pardon for my seeming neglect in not doing so immediately, which I should have done but for the preoccupation consequent on receipt of the sad news.

Please receive, my dear sir, for yourself and your countrymen, the kind assurances and regards of yours, most truly and sincerely,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 89. San Francisco, Cal., April 22, 1865.

* * * *

5. Company A, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, having been mustered into service, will proceed on the steamer of the 25th instant

