
BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 23, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have received the letter of David Meeker, addressed to Major-General McDowell on the 18th instant. I have never attempted to correct statement made in the newspapers in regard to my official acts. I have neihter time nor inclination to enter into such a controversy. The article which so much disturbed Mr. meeker, and which prompted him to ask General McDowell to institute a proper inquiry into, was first published in the Sacramento Union. The facts in the case are these: After the news of the assassintion of the president a deep gloom pervaded the whole city, and in the course of the day nearly every dwelling, with all the public offices and places of subiness, were draped in mourning. Frequent reports came of persons exulting over the deed, but there was nothing tangible, not the lest attempt made at outward demonstration; yet, to guard against the possibility of there being any disturbance in the city, I had given special instructions both to the officer commanding at Camp uion, as wella sto the officer commanding the provost guard in the city, to hold their men well in hand, and in readiness to act at a moment's warning should any emergency render it necessary. I soon learned that certain men had been arrested by the provost guard. I sent for the commander and ascertained that the arrests had been made by individual members of the guard, acting without any authority whatever. However, inasmuch as the arrests had been made, I held the persons in custody with a view of prosecution before the State courts, and at the investigation it was found to be impossible to obtain any testimony against them. They had been arrested on general principles, knowing their proclivities, and some irresponsible persons had made statements to soldiers on the streets and persuaded them to make the arrests. I instructed the commander of the guard not to permit his men to run at large over the city and make arrests; that such acts should only be done by an organized party acting under authority. I have invited the civil officers an dother persons in this city and iund about to arrest and hand over to the military authorities all persons exulting over the death of the President, and informed them that a military force would be sent to make arrests if the civil authority was unalbe to do it. In conclusion, I would recommend to Mr. Meeker to attend to his own business, or if he must exercise a superivision over military affairs, to confine himself to his adopted city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 29. San Francisco, Cal., April 24, 1865.

A camp will be established somewhere in Paradise Valley, on the roads from Fort Churchill and Reese River to the Owyhee country, Idaho Territory. The site will be selected with regard to wood, water, and grass, for the station of a company of infantry, and a temporary depot for forage and subsistence for a company of cavalry which will

