
be sent to move over the country beyond. The companies will be considered as in the field, and no purchases of lumber or other building materials will be allowed. They will protect themselves and horses by such temporary shelters as the resources of the country may afford by the labor of the troops.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Sacramento, April 24, 1865-1. 15 p. m.

Colonel DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have six men, arrested by Captain Starr at Colusa-a justice of the peace, deputy assesor, district attorney, &amp;c., I shall send them down to-morrow with Captain Ropes and guard to Alcatraz.

Yours,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

TREASURY DEPARTMENT, April 25, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A valuable lot of land in the city of San Francisco, belonging to the Government and known as the "custom-house lot," has been for some years occupied by squatters who have no legal rights thereto, and the efforts of the Government to obtain possession of the same have ethus far proved unsuccessful. it has been suggested by the special agent of this Department that this lot might be turned over to the military authorities for their occupancy and use of the time being as the most speedy way of obtaining possession on the part of the Government, and the Solicitor of the Treasury approves of this course. General McDowell has been consulted by the special agent, and states that if authorized to take possession he could make it available for military purposes and of advantage to the public service. I have therefore the honor to request that you will give the necessary instructions to the military authorities in that quarter to take possession of the property, full information concerning which will be furnished to them by the collector of customs at San Francisco.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. MCCULLOHC,

Secretary of the Treasury.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 27, 1865.

Referred to the Adjutant-General to direct by telegraph, in the name of the President, Major-General McDowell to take immediate possession of the land in question.

By order of the Secretary of War:

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

