HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., April 25, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: While in command of Fort Hoskins, Oreg., being desirous of informing myself as fully as possible on such matters touching the Indians on the neighboring reservations as might claim my attention in a military capacity, I sent out letters making inquiry for renegade Indians. In reply to a letter addressed to the commanding officer of Fort Klamath, I received the following reply since my arrival at this post: "There are a great many (Indians) among the Klamaths that have been at Yamhill some years aog, but who claim to be Klamaths. " These are undoubtedly renegade Rouge River Indians, or if not Rogue River Indians proper, they are perhaps adventurers from Klamath who fought against the whites with the Rogue Rivers, and should now be held to the fate their complicyt in hat affair merits for them. I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 21st instant. Mr. Odell, surveyor, is camped, I understand, about twelve miles from this place on the Walla Walla Rive. r I sent an express to his camp with a letter contianign an extrac tof that portion of your letter relating to his operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry, Commanding Post.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., April 26, 1865.

[Major General IRVIN MCDOWELL:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: The bearer of this, E. D. Wheeler, esq., has shown me a letter concerning anticipated trubles at Kern River. He will call upon you in relation to the matter. Mr. Wheeler I have known for many years, and any statements he may make you may consider entirely reliable.

In haste,

F. F. LOW.

[Inclosure.] KERNVILLE, April 21, 1865.

BORTHER ED.: I write in great haste, for time is precious. Since the news of the surrender of Lee's army, the assassination of Lincoln and Seward, and the surrender of Johnston's army, &amp;c., reached here the rebs have been perfectly wild with excitement and rage, and have organized a guerrilla band at Clear Creek, fifteen miles from here, and threaten to annihilate us all, and I don't know but they will do it, but we intend to fight them to the bitter end. We expect a raid inot this place at any moment. We are preparing for an attack. They out-number us considerably, and are better armed. We have, however, sent to Visalia for troops to assist us, but whether they will come or not of course we don't know. I think it is their design to clean us out and then make a break for Mexico. I will write you again in a few days "if I live. " If I get killed, do the best you can with my bisness. All I have is in your hands, except some quartz lodes here and at Clear Creek and my traps.

Yours, in great haste,

M. M. WHEELER.

