
military under your command may be dispatched forthwith to the above-mentioned Suprise Valley, and remain stationed there during the coming summer, or until the necessity therefoir may cease to exist, for the granting of which the undersigned most earnestly pray.

L. M. FOUKLE,

State Senator, Siskiyou County,

WM. GROW,

County Treasurer,

A. D. CROOKS,

Sheriff,

[AND 14 OTHERS.]

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] POST-OFFICE DEPARTMENT, Washington City, October 12, 1864.

* * * *

14903. From Susanville (in Lassen County) to Boise City (in Idaho Territory), 500 miles and back, twice a month. Bids for service once a week invited. Bidders to propose a schedule of departures and arrivals.

* * * *

W. DENNISON,

Postmaster-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 28, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I return herewith the letter addressed by Governor Blasdel to Major-General McDowell. The letter from Judge Dunne to the Governor has beenr eturned as requested. In view of the condition of affairs in Humboldt County, Nev. Ter., as se tforth by Judge Dunne, I will recommend that a military post of one company of Nevada cavalry be established at the head of Paradise Valley, and maintained so long as it may be necessary for the protection of the settlers. The instructions given to Captain Wells to send a company in the direction of Smoke Creek were given because he had reported everything quiet in the region where he was operating, and as he had 150 men with him it was supposed that half of the number could be spared. Further instructions have now been given to Captain Wells to retain a sufficient force to give full and complete protection to the whole of Humboldt County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, April 28, 1865.

Major C. MCDERMIT,

Second California Cavalry,

Commanding Sub-District of Nevada Territory, Fort Churchill:

MAJOR: I am desired by the general commanding to say that you will suspend action on the telegram from these headquarters of the 22nd instant, ordering part of Captain Wells' command to patrol toward

