
Smoke Creek until further instructed, unless perfect quiet prevails throughout his own district and he can spare a portion of his force without jeopardizing the safety of Paradise Valley. The general has recommended the establishment of a military post at the head of that valley, as specially suggested by Judge Dunne. To this end Captain Wells will make a reconnaissance of the whole valley and select the most eligible site for a post to give protection to all the settlements in the northeasterly portioin of the State, bearing in mind that wood, water, and grass are indispensable requisites. His report, accompanied with a journal of his marches as required by the regulations, will be forwarded through you to these headquarters. You will send forward across the mountains the transportation left at your post by Captain Smith, at the earliest practicable moment.

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 28, 1865.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

My DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter asking if "at any time you tried to influence me in making a call for troops to be raised in Oregon, and whether or not such call was made by representations by you that a large force was needed in the State or District of Oregon?" In reply I have to say that at my instance and request you joined me, as did the Governor of California for his State, in asking the Secretary of War to grant authority to raise certain forces in Oregon. Under the authority granted, I, on my own judgment and without previous solicitation or influence whatever from you, called on you for the troops that have been raised and are now in service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 32. San Francisco, Cal., April 29, 1865.

Surg. Robert Murray, Medical Department, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters, in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby announced as medical purveyor on the departments staff. He will relieve Surg. Peter G. S. Ten Broeck, U. S. Army, in the discharge of these duties.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 95. San Francisco, Cal., April 29, 1865.

* * * *

3. The two Fourth Infantry companies at the Presidio of San Francisco will leave for Fort Humboldt on the steamer sailing from this port on the 1st proximo.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

