
8. Major John C. Schmidt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed on the steamer of the 3rd instant to Fort Humboldt and assume command of the District of Humboldt as soon as Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, Mountaineer Battalion, is mustered out of service.

* * * *

10. Two companies of the seventh Infantry California Volunteers, at the Presidio, will proceed on the next steamer to Drum Barracks, whence they will march to the District of Arizona. The companies will be designed by Colonel Thomas F. Wright.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, May 1, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: The roads having become passable over the mountains, I have directed Major McDermit to send immediately to Camp Union all the disposable wagons and mules at Fort Churchill, reserving sufficient only for indispensable post purposes, and to transport supplies to the company at Camp Independence, and also to the troops under Captain Wells, operating in Humboldt County. The wagons will doubtless require repairing, as they are old and have had hard service. In exeucting General Orders, Numbers 26, current series, does the general desire me to send two companies of the Second Cavalry from Camp Union, one to occupy the point to be selected by Major Williamson, and the other, with that point as a depot, to move over the country beyond? Or does he deisre only one company sent from Camp Union, and the mounted portion of Captain Mellen's company thrown forward from Fort Crook? I think that the latter force would be ample, as it would give 100 mounted menn, and 50 dismounted, for the depot and movements beyond, leaving 50 men at Fort Crook during the summer, 10 of them mounted, for escorts, expresses, &amp;c. In this case, supplies for 100 men should be sent forward to Fort Crook at once. On the other hand, if the general desires that two companies be detached from Camp Union on this duty, supplies for 200 men must be forwarded to Fort Crook. Ihave ordered a general court-martial at Camp Bidwell for the trial of the murderer of Lieutenant Levergood. To make up the court I have to detail officers from Camp Union. The court will probably finish its business the present week, and I expect to get Captain Doughty and his company into Honey Valley by the 10th or 12th. I would recommend that all the supplies for the troops at the depot to be selected by Major Williamson be transported by contract and delivered at Fort Crook; beyond that to be transported by Government means; and that the supplies for the company to be established in Honey Lake Valley be transported by contract, and delivered wherever the company may be posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

