SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 97. San Francisco, Cal., May 2, 1865.

* * * *

4. Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, recently mustered into service, will proceed on the next steamer to Drum Barracks and report for duty to the commanding officer of the District of Southern California.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, May 3, 1865.

Colonel JAMES F. CURTIS,

Wilmington:

COLONEL: From representations that to me from reliable persons in San Benardino County, there seems to be well-founded apprehensions that the Union people of that, county may suffer from rebel outrages both in life and property, and they appeal to me to do what I can to afford them military protection. I am entirely satisfied that they have reason for this request, and therefore I have to ask that you will station such a force in that vicinity as may seem to you to be proper and at the same time be effective for good. You no doubt are much better advised of the necessities of the case than I am, and, I doubt not, have already taken all the necessary steps.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

F. F. LOW,

Governor.

Order "rescinding regulations prohibiting the exportation of arms, ammunition, horses, mules, and live-stock. "

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 3, 1865.

The Executive order of November 21, 1862, prohibiting the exportation of arms and ammunition from the United States, and the Executive order of May 13, 1863, prohibiting the exportation of horses, mules, and live-stock, being no longer required by public necessities, the aforesaid orders are hereby rescinded and annulled.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 3, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of California, Sacaramento, Cal.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 1st instant relative to the movement of troops in the direction of the Owyhee country, and to say, in reply, that one of two companies to be drawn from Camp Union will occupy the point to be selected by Major Williamson, and the other will operate in the country beyond, using the first-named point as a base of supply. The supplies foir the troops operating in the

