
and their aiders and abettors on the frontiers. I am well persuaded that once an understanding is had between Your Excellency and the military authorities of this Territory in regard to the right of the troops of either nation crossing the frontiers of the other, the Apache race will cease to be formidable, and when it is convenient for the troops of both nations to act jointly against the common enemy, it will, in my opinion, be very desirable to do so. I submit these considerations to Your Excellency, with th ehope that you may agree with me, and that hereafter we may act as one against the enemy of both. I would also trouble Your Excellency on another subjewhen the troops of the Republic of Mexico were withdrawn from the Presidio of Tucson that the military commandant took the records of the town to Sonora with him. Many of the people here, being simple-minded persons, have not the proper titles to prove their right to property really belonging to them, having either failed to get written grants or having lost the evidences necessary to establish their claims. Many of the citizens of Sonora also have equitable claims difficult to establish. Without the records it will be impracticable to settel questions of titles to land, thus giving unprincipled men and advantage over honest men, who cannot establish their rights. Your Excellency would confer a great favor and further the ends of justice by ordering the return of the records referred to if they are not necessary for the archives of your State.

I have the honor to be, sir, with sentiments of distinguished consideration and respect,

D. FERGUSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP INDEPENDENCE, OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION,

September 15, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that owing to the fact that there are no provisions in the commissary departmetn of this command, I deemed it advisable to order the tents to be struck and the entire command to move toward Los Angeles until we meet a provision train, which is in all probability now on the road for this camp. In the meantime I have authorized Captain T. H. Goodman, acting assistant quartermaster, to purchase such stores for the subsistence of the troops as he may be able to procure in or near Union Camp or Keysville. The command commenced its march at 9 a. m. instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. O'NEILL,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 15, 1862.

Captain HENRY B. MELLEN,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Red Bluffs, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 11th instant, I am instructed by the department commander to inform you that your command will remain in the field, operations against the hostile Indians in Tehama

