
PORTLAND, OREG., May 4, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provos-Marshal-General:

Neither regiment of Oregon volunteers is full. Infantry has nine companies mustered in this; forty-five enlisted in tenth company not mustered. Cavalry regiment has seven old companies, all incoplete, and 108 enlisted in two new copanies not mustered in. Shall the men already enlisted be mustered, and what shall be done with them?

T. C. ENGLISH,

Major, Fifth Infantry, Superintendent of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, May 4, 1865.

General P. E. CONNOR,

Denver, Colo. Ter.:

A copy of your report of April 6, 1865, has been forwarded to the lieutenant-general commanding, and he desires me to express his appreciation of your efforts. It si not believed that an institution like Mormonism can exist permanently in force and close communication with the civilized world. Our efforts should therefore aim to make such communication safe by thorough protection of Gentiles against Mormons, whether as transient visitors or permanent settlers, and trust mainly to the ordinary laws which govern civilization for the gradual removal of what is believed to be in opposition to those laws and which can derive vitality only from persecution.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 102. San Francisco, Cal., May 6, 1865.

1. The battalion of Native California Cavalry is assigned to duty in the District of Arizona. Brigadier General John S. Mason will give such orders for their line of march as the interests of the service may in his judgment require. The two companies in the District of Southern California will be held in readiness by Colonel James F. Curtis to march immediately on the order from General Mason. The two companies at Benicia and Monterey will on their arrival at Drum Barracks be supplied and held by Colonel Curtis, subject to the order of General Mason, to march at a day's notice.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICO, May 6, 1865.

Major General I. MCDOWELL:

DEAR SIR: Judge C. C. Bush, judge of Shasta County, has written me representing the necessity of military aid to suppress Indian troubles in that county, and advising me of a memorial in circulation to be forwarded to headquarters. As I am on the point of leaving home to be absent over a week, I have written Judge Bush to trnasmit the petition direct to you or General Wright. The Indians who are the authors

