
of the troubles alluded to are, in my judgment, the same hostile tribe which have for years been the scourge of the eastern border of the Sacramento Valley from the vicinity of this place to Pitt River, a distance of eighty or ninety miles. They are generally known by the name of Mill Creek Indians. The number is small, but they are, from the peculiarity of the region they inhabit, capable of great mischief. From the nature of the country exposed to their ravages, the white settlements are sparse and isolated. My knowledge of these Indians leads me to believe that no such thing as treaty or pacification is possible, and the only effectual remedy will be their capture and removal to some reservation on the coast or some island, where their return would be impossible. But they must be first caught. The rocky and abrupt places they inhabit are such that the very paucity of their number is what renders it difficult to find them. They are never seen but as enemies, and never approach habitations but to steal and murder. They are peculiarly relentless in their hostility. The aged and young alike meet with the same fate at their hands. A temporary campaign could do but little good. I think a force of forty menw ith suitable guides would be sufficient, but they should enter upon the task with instructions to continue as long as necessary, and even till snow drives the Indians toward the valley if they cannot be captured before.

I remain, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

J. BIDWELL.

P. S. -The letter of Judge bush is herewith inclosed.

J. B.

[Inclosure.] SHASTA, May 2, 1865.

General JOHN BIDWELL,

Chico:

DEAR SIR: I was so busy on the committee last fall at the Union demonstration in this place, and you also were so occupied, that we did not meet, a circumstance I ever since regretted. Nevertheless, we are both aware that each was engaged in a glorious cause, which has since been trimphant to a greater extent than either of us could with reason expect. I now write you about a matter of serious importance to our citizens, and no doubt to citizens of your own country. You are well aware that numerous depredations have been comitted by Indians ranging from near your place to Copper City, in our county. In view of these facts Ihave drawn up a petition to General Wright, based upon representations of the sufferers, and which I fully believe, to have a company of from thirty to forty men stationed as a scouting party at Black Rock, on ill Creek, who, working in unison with the troops at Fort Crook, Fort Bidwell, and the new fort to be at Goose Lake, will be able to reach and punish these depredators. General, the citizens on the east side of the Scramento River have suffered much, and we fear will have to abandon many fine farms unless something of this king can be done. All our officers and business men will sign or have signed the same, and the citizens in the suffering districts will do so en masse. Now, I wish you to use your influence with General Wright to accde to our wishes. Even at this early day farmers have to take their families with them into the fields for safety, and houses are plundered almost daily. I understand there is good feed at the spot and plenty, but the most necessary thing is men used to such life, and who will go at it with spirit, and the sooner the better. I hope you will answer

