
this immediately and favorably, and should you do so, if not contrary to your wishes, I shall have the letter published in order to let our people know they have voted for one who has their wishes at heart.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. C. BUSH.
SPECIAL ORDERS,HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 14. Fort Humboldt, May 6, 1865.

I. Company F, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Ball commanding, will relieve Company C, Sixth Infantry (Captain Buckley's), at this post.

II. Upon being relieved, the latter, with his command, will proceed by steamer Del Norte to take post at and assume command of Camp Lincoln.

* * * *

IV. Major Long, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, will turn over the command of Fort Gaston to Captain Phelan, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers. Lieutenant Scobey, same regiment, will relieve First Lieutenant Watson, Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, of the duites of acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. RANDALL,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 6, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The disposition of the cavalry at Fort Klamath will be changed to accord with the movements of the troops sent to the vicinity of Goose Lake from the District of California. I propose now to send them to Silver Lake, about eighty miles northeast of the fort, and on the road leading from Yreka, Cal., and Southern Oregon to Canyon City. With a depot of supplies at Silver Lake they can scour the country west of Harney Lake, and afford protedtion also to the travel of Canyon City, and unless other menas can be hereafter provided, to the party locating and working what is known as the military road from the head of the Willamette Valley to the Owyhee and Boise mines. This road passes the mountians, it is thought (no survey being yet made), near what is known on the maps as Diamond Peak. The difficulty of travel between camp Baker and Fort Klamath delays very much the employment of this company, their horses being in Rogue River Valley. I am in hopes, however, I shall be able to move them by the 1st of June. The means of transportation will have to be hired or bought, andin consideration of the time for which it will be required, the former method will be best. The movement of the troops from Goose Lake will connect with those of the troops from Jordan Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

