SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 15. Fort Humboldt, Cal., May 7, 1865.

* * * *

2. Captain Randal, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Company A, will proceed to Camp Iaqua and relieve Captain Miller at that post. Captain Randal will receive and receipt for all Government property. Upon being relieved Captain Miller, with his command, will report without delay to the commanding officer of this post.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. RANDALL,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., May 8, 1865.

(Received 10. 15 p. m. 9th.)

General W. A. NOCHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Orders rescinding and annulling executive orders of November 21, 1862, and May 13, have never been received at these headquarters.

IRVIN MCDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 36. San Francisco, Cal., May 6 [9], 1865.

I. For the purpose of preserving the peace on the lines of emigration to and from Idaho Territory, the commanding officer of the District of Oregon will establish a temporary post on or near Camas Prairie, and another on or near Jordan Creek, or its tributaries, southwest of the Owhyhee mines.

II. The force established at these posts will be considered in the field, and no purchase of lumber or other building material will be allowed. The post will be established with regard to wood, water, and grass, and the troops will protect themselves and horses by such temporary shelters as the country may afford by the labor of the troops with their transportation and camp equipage.

III. The composition and strength of the posts will be such as the district commander may indicate, from the troops at his disposal, as the best for the purpose of patrolling the emigrant road and protecting the mines.

IV. These posts and that of Boise, and the parties that may be sent out from them, will constitute the Sub-District of Boise, and be under the command of the lieutenant-colonel of the Oregon infantry.

V. The post on Jordan Creek or its vicinity will guard the two roads coming to Owyhee from the post in Surprise Valley, Cal., and the one in Paradise Valley, Nev. Ter., and will be located with this view as wel as to afford protection to the Owyhee mines.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

