
up. Captain Ousley will invoice his ordnance and ordnance stores to Major John C. Schmidt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, and the quartermaster's property to Captain George Lockwood, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, who will remove it to this post or leave it in hands of an agent there.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. RANDALL,

First Lieutenant, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 11, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM KELLY,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Fort Klamath, Oreg.:

SIR: You will move as directed in Special Orders, Numbers 100, curent series, from these headquarters, or as soon thereafter as practicable. It is imortant that the movement be made early. The primary objects of the expedition are to protect the travel on the trail leading from Northern California and Southern Oregon to Canyon City, Boise and Owyhee mines, and to chastise any hostile Indians that may be found. At this distance, and on account of a limited knowledge of the country, if it were desirable, it is not deemed advisable to restrict you by specific instructions; but it is throught best that you establish a depot, to be guarded by the infantry sent with you, at some suitable point at or near Silver Lake, on the trail from Yreka and Southern Oregon to Canyon City. From this point during the summer and fall you will be able to scour the country in all directions. You will keepin view the fact that the operations of other expeditions earlier in the field than yourself, both north and east of yours, will be very likely to drive the Indians into the section of country to be traversed by you. It is expected that the country west of Harney Lake as far as Diamond Peak and headwaters of Des Chutes and north to the headwaters of the eastern branches of same river will constitute your field of operations, giving attention also to the road leading from the Willamette Valley to Canyon City. Sufficient transportation will be provided to keep your depot supplied and to enable you to leave it with the greater portion of your mounted men, leaving at the deot mounted mene nought only to act as escorts inc ase of necessity for thirty or forty days at a time. You will be careful, unless well assured of beneficial results, not to be led away too great a distance, or to be too long absent from the vicinity of the traveled roads. with these Indians is that in such cases small parties will get to the rear of the command an seek opportunities of committing depredations upon unsuspecting parties.

Further instructions may be sent you in relation to the party establishing what is known as the Willamette military road leading from Eugene City to the Boise and Owyhee mines. If not, and you should fall in with Mr. Pengra, who has charge of the work, you will extend to him all necessary protection and assistance to the extent of sending with him suitable escort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding District.

(Copy furnished Lieutenant Underwood.)

