
present, except that the company of the Fourth may, as recommended by your predecessor, be replaced at Fort Yamhill, &amp;c., by the company of Oregon infantry raised in the vicinity of that post. The Oregon and Washington Territory volunteers (and Company D, of the Fourth California, if relieved by the company of the Oregon infantry as above mentioned) will be available for assignment to carry out Order, Numbers -, for other services in your district. The posts of Forts Vancouver, Dalles, Walla Walla, and Boise will be regarded simply as depots, and ordinarily will have but a guard sufficient to protect the public property and furnish escorts, not to exceed a company at each. Fort Klamath will have two companies, one of infantry and the one of cavalry now there. You will please direct the movement of the company of infantry now near Jacksonville to Klamath, if it has not already been done. FOrts Lapwai and Colville need have but a company at each, and should the want sof the service not give you sufficient cavalry for the escorts and for the Sub-District of Boise you may replace the company at Lapwai by a company of infantry. As the terms of service of the companies of Washington Territory infantry will be expiring soon, you will place them at osts where they can be readily mustered out of service. Make no change in the stations of officers of the general staff. Captain Porter, who you have ordered to Fort Stevens, you will order to report to Major Jordan, who has charge of the works at the mouth of the Columbia. In all matters concerning the commissary department you will correspond with the chief commissary, and in matters concerning the quartermaster's department with the deputy quartermaster-general at these headquarters. What they may write you concerning their respective departments you will receive as from the general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 102. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 12, 1865.

* * * *

II. As soon as practicable after the arrival of Lieutenant Hobart's command at Fort Boise the commanding officer at that post will direct that two camps be established for the summer, one in Jordan Creek Valley, and the other on Rock Creek, beyond Salmon Falls, with a due proportion of cavalry and infantry for each.

* * * *

By order of Colonel R. F. Maury:

F. B. WHITE,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Oregon Cav., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 13, 1865.

Major-General MCDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

In reply to yours of 4th, custom-house lot may be used for time being for military service.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

