
BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, May 13, 1865.

Captain J. C. DOUGHTY,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Camp Bidwell:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move with your company and take psot a Smoke Creek Station, carrying out the instructions contained in paragraph 6, Department General Orders, Numbers 26, current series, a copy of which I have the honor to inclose. * Captain Starr's point of departure for service in the vicinity of Goose Lake Valley being the post now occupied by his company, he has been advised to obtain from Camp Bidwell whatever may pertain to his command. Such stores as are impossible for you to take my be left in charge of some responsible party in Chico. Two six-mule teams were dispatched for your use this morning by land, one of which will be sent back to Camp Union on your arrival. Should you still need the lariats which were in the requisitions returned to you on the 11th instant disapproved, you will make immediate application for them.

Respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., May 13, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that information was received two days ago of a demonstration made by Indians upon the stage station at Malade River. The Indians attempted to drive off stock, and fired on the men in charge of the station. I sent Lieutenant West with fifteen men out, with orders to make a camp at Salmon Falls or vicinity, and afford what protection he could to the travel on the road. My information is that these Indians came from a camp on Snake River somehwere in the vicinity of Three Islands. Lieutenant West's party was supplied with thirty days' rations, and started from this post yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO M. DRAKE,

Major First Oregon Infantry, Commanding.

CAMP LINCOLN, CAL., May 14, 1865.

Lieutenant A. W. RANDALL,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived with my command at this post on the 8th and assumed command on the 10th instant. I found on my arrival at Crescent City, which was on the evening of the same day I left Fort Humboldt, considrable trouble and delay landing the men in small boats on account of the steamer dropping her anchor about a mile from the beach. However, I succeeded in landing the last man without accident at 10 o'clock at night. Owing to the lateness of the hour and the uncertainty of landing our baggage and company property, I was compelled to camp on the outskirts of town until the next morning. At an early hour we took up our line of march for the

---------------

*See p. 1195.

---------------

