
[Indorsement.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 14, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I take much pleasure in adding my testimoinial to the worth and respectability of Major John Stratman, of San Francisco, Cal., who dsires some information and prehaps some slight favor from your Department. Mr. Stratman is the originator and now president of Union organization of said city, and one of the most devoted and active of our Union party, enjoying the confidence and esteem of our Governor and entire delegation, and anything in the way of consideration extended him will be but a just recognition of his services, and highly appreciated by all Union men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WORTHINGTON.

WILMINGTON, May 15, 1865-11. 10 a. m.

(Via Los Angeles 16th.)

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Pacific:

The general arrived this evening all safe. Goes to San Diego to-night. Returns day after to-morrow. Telegraph if anything important.

JAS. T. HOYT,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 15, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of California:

GENERAL: On Saturday afternoon, too late for me to communicate by mail with you, the French consul informed these headquarters of several attempts being made by Mexican citizens in this city to open enrolling offices for the purpose of procuring volunteers to go armed to Mexico under the pretense of colonization. To prevent as far as possible any violation of our neutrality I wrote the inclosed letter to Major Morton. In the absence of the major-general commanding, and the uncertainty of being able to communicate with him by telegraph, I would request special instruction how to act, as applications from both the French and Mexican consuls are frequent as to what course the Government prposes to pursue in reference to this matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, May 13, 1865.

Major A. MORTON,

Seventh California Volunteer Infantry,

Provost-Marshal, San Fracisco, Cal.:

SIR: It has been represented to the major-general commanding that efforts are being made in this city by parties from Mexico to recruit for

