
the army of that country under the pretense of colonization. With this view a meeting will be held to-night at Numbers 315 Montgomery street, and offices have been established at that place and Numbers 227 Bush street. It is also stated that pereparations have been made to send off on a sailing vessel to-morrow 100 or more armed men. The general desires you to take immediate steps to frustrate all violations of our neutrality, and for this purpose you will consult with the acting collector, particularly as to sailing of armed men to the Republic of Mexico. The general desires you to keep him constantly informed of all that is transpiring relative to this matter, and particularly desires active measures to prevent the violation of law. Among the persons prominent in getting up these organizations is Colonel Williams, late lieutenant-colonel Nevada cavalry, and a Colonel Hempsford. The name of the vessel to sail to-morrow and its captain are not know, but the first sounds like Wayman and the latter Captain Barry or Berry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, May 16, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have received your letter of the 15th instnt with copy of your letter of instructions to Major Morton, provost-marshal of San Francisco, also the letter addressed to you by the French consul. So long as we are at peace with France and the Republic of Meixoc our neutrality must and shall be preserved in good faith. No recruiting rendezvous for enlisting men for foreign service will be allowed at any place in this State. No bodies of armed men will be permitted to sail from San Francisco. or any other point on the coast. Any violation of this regulation after due warning will b met by the prompt arrest of the offenders. This regulation is not designed toi interrupt the ordinary travel between the United States and Mexico, but in all cases the requirements of Department General Orders, Numbers 5, February 11, 1865, will be rigidly enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 110. San Francisco, Cal., May 17, 1865.

* * * *

2. The Seventh Infantry companies at the Presidio will proceed on the next trip of the San Pedro steamer to Drum Barracks, whence they will march to Arizona.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

78 R R-VOL L, PT II

