
Hoping you will see the position we are placed in, we remain, respectfully, yours,

DISABELL &amp; VENNING.

P. S. -We have actually exended in work and hired help some $2,000. We have also lost stock by the Indians to the amount of $400 or $500.

D. & V.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

SURPRISE VALLEY, SISKIYOU COUNTY, CAL., May 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Major Williamson has this day (May 7) located a Government post in the upper end of Surprise Valley, and has taken in 160 acres of farming land belonging to me, w hich I prize very highly. I am a poor man a have a family to support, and if this hould be taken away from me I should not kow what to do. Government took my farm on Truckee River; I left it. I have been here a year, and have got me what I thought would make me a home, but I am afraid I will lose it. The men that join farms with me lose the most of theirs, and they say they would just as soon you would take all of theirs as to take what you do. The land you leave them, in my honest oipinion, is worth more for you than mine is. It is nice, level land, and is first-rate hay land, and mine is hilly, and is very good farming land. It is covered with bunch grass, and some of it is springy land. I have been here since las October with my family, and have lived like dogs, not being able to put up a house. Last fall we all had to live in atent, and herd our stock and fight Indians to keep my home, and now I hope you will move your stake south and leave me out. You will have just as good a post, and I will not have to take my family and emigrate-I know not where. My neighbors are single men and well off, and can stand it better than me. I hope, though, that your sympathy for me, if you have any, will not have any influence over your official dutyin this matter; yet this little piece of land has cost me one year's time and about $600 in money, and I value it at $3,000. I hope you will think it over and favor me if possible. I am a good Union man, and remain your wellwisher,

HENRY MILLER.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., May 18, 1865.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT: Inclosed you will find a telegram from G. W. Jacobs, local Indian agent for the Reese River country. If the Indian agents in this State had taken an interest in the Indians and our Government, in my opinion all present Indian troubles could have ben avoided.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MCDERMIT,

Lieutenant Colonel Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Sacramento, May 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

I have declined to grant the request of the local agent for the Reese River country. If the Indian Department cannot take care of itself

