
with the liberal appropriations made by Congress, it had better be transferred to the Army. Recommended that these papers, in connection with the report of Lieutenant-Colonel McDermit, recently forwarded to department headquarters, be placed in the hands of the Congressionl investigating committe for Indian affairs on this coast.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] JACOBSVILLE, May 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES MCDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

Had I a few cattle I think I could get the Indians in, and on friendly terms; but as it is, they are scattered and are afraid of the whites. If I could furnish eight or ten cattle for them to eat while gathering in [it] would be an inducement for them to come in; but they have nothing to eat and have to steal to keep them from starving to death. Let me hear from you to-morrow.

G. W. JACOBS.

FORT YUMA, CAL., May 21, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post on Sunday last after experiencing many difficulties in procuring the necessary transportation. I have delayed until this morning in order to refit the wagons, &amp;c., as they being new required the resetting of almost every iron after crossing the desert. The cavalry horses are in fine condition, and I hope with care to get them into Arizona in serviceable condition. While at Drum Barracks I learned that the Apaches were very troublesome in the vicinity of Prescott. I therefore left an order for Captain I, Captain Kendall, toproceed to that pint, via Fort Mojave. On my arrival here a deputation of prominent citizens from La Paz represented the Indians very troublesome east of La Paz and on the route from Prescott to Wickenburg, compeltely preventing the mail or trains of provisions from going into the interior. I sent Company E, Fourth Infantry, to La Paz by steamer, with instructions to proceed to the point of intersection of the roads from La Paz and Wickenburg to Prescott, and scout through that section. This will have the effect, in conjunction with the movement of the company on the Mojave route and the troops on the Gila, to drive the Indians eastward to the mountains east of the San Francisco River. I do not contemplate retaining the infantry company at Prescott, but will probably send it to the post in the Tonto Basin will render their presence at Wickenburb entirely unnecessary. I have given the necessary orders for the movement of the Native Cavalry and the remaining companies of infantry. I directed four months' supply of provisions to be sent by steamer to Fort Mojave. The round trip was made in ten days. There will be no difficulty in keeping that post supplied by river. The river is very high, the sloughs being very full-in fact, almost impassable. The General Jesup has been discharged and part of her cargo is on the way to Tubac. I will get there before the arrival of any stores and selected a depot. If we are to use Yuma as a depot I am inclined to

