
think Tucson the proper point. At present there are very limited means of transportation, but I do not anticipate any real difficulty, as we anticipate no difficulty in obtaining plnety from Sonora. The schooner J. B. Ford is at the mouth of the river and part of her cargo has arrived here. I cannot too earnestly recommend the early completion of the buildings for storage on the Arizona side. They are sadly needed at present, a nd, in fact, it is altogether impossible to protect or preserve stores here without them. There is a small store-house on the Fort Yuma side sufficient for the want sof this post, but for a depot they will not answer. It causes double handling of all goods, and has not sufficient capacity, even if it were well located. On the Arizona side there is a first-rate site for buildings, and Mexican labor can be obtained at very low rates. The force at Fort Yuma is so small that it will be absolutely necessary to employ the necessary mechanics for refitting trains, &amp;c. Soldier labor cannot do the work required. I hope, therefore, the general commanding will allow the continuance of the citizens recommended. Every train on its arrival must be thoroughly overhauled, and soliders cannot do it. I do not approve of a large force of civilians, but only desire the necessary mechnics to do the work at a depot as important as this promises to be. I inclose Captain Hooper's latters on this subject. * I have authorized him to retain his workmen, most of whom were brought from San Francisco with the knowledge of the different departments and after consultation with them. In inclose a copy of a telegram received from the Secretary of War with reference to the ARizona regiment. + The Governor thinks he cn raise the whole ten companies by taking Indians. We will need a mustering officer at the earliest possible time. I inclose charged for the consideration of the commanding general, not having the authority to order a court. * Upon my arrival at Prescott I will make a full report of my tour through the Territory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

EUGENE CITY, May 22, 1865-9. 35 p. m.

Major General IRVIN MCDOWELL:

Infantry regiment now full. I have appointed Captain W. V. Rinehart major. Please discharge him from cavalry.

A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

EUGENE CITY, May 23, 1865.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

Commanding:

COLONEL: I hope the disposition of the forty men, transferred yesterday from the cavalry to the infantry by direction of Brigadier-General Fry, will not prevent troops being sent out on the military road now being surveyed and opened. I consider this expedition one of the most important that can be made. I suppose the remainder of the men enlisted for the cavalry will be mustered in as such and assigned to the different companies now in the service. Perhaps they can be mustered in here, assigned to the various companies, and kept

---------------

*Omitted.

+See May 9, p. 1225.

---------------

