
BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNAI,

Sacramento, May 26, 1865.

Captain H. L. STREET,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Company K, Camp Union:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding desires that you make immediate preparation to move with your company and occupy the post to be established beyond Fort Crook. To this end you will require for such clothing, camp and garrison equPAGEas may be necessary for your company for one year, as also shelter-tents. You will retain fifty horses, turning over the surplus number to the commanding officer of Company B, same regiment.

Very respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., May 26, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the colonel commanding the district that I have just returned from the Umatilla Indian Agency, and upon talking with the Indians who wee parties in the affair find the following to be the facts concerning a raid made by the Snake Indians on the Indians of that agency. A party of twenty-one Indians belonging to the Umatilla tribe were out on a hunting execursion, and while encamped on the north bank of the North Branch of John Day's River they were surprised on forty-eight head of their horses driven off by the Snake Indians. A report also reached me while at the reservation that the horses belogning to a company of cavalry were stampeded about the same time on Bitter Creek. Concerning this I could get nothing reliable, but suppose the company meant to be Lieutenant Bowen's detachment. I started from the reserve this morning forty Indians, who will scout the regions round about where the party was surprised. Captain Waters and fifty-five men of his company will leave this post, with subsistence for twenty days, in the morning. They will establish a camp on Camas Prairie, and await the report of the Indian scouts. I will get fifteen or twenty more Indians from the reserve to act as scouts. I propose to drive the Indians away from the north side of John Day's River. This job will perhaps take about a month. I will employ no citizens, and the Indians will subsist themselves. I will take command in person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry, Commanding Post.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, May 27, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Fracisco:

COLONEL: I have a telegram from Lieutenant-Colonel McDermit, dated yesterday, at Fort Churchill, asking for two additional companies of cavalry. He says, "Captain Wells had a fight with 500 Indians,

