
who are strongly fortified. He failed to rout them; " also troops wanted at Reese River. Captain Doughty, Second Cavalry, with his company, is now probably at Susanville or beyond toward Smoke Creek, and I have ordered him to continue his march toward paradise Valley to re-enforce Captain Wells, subject to such intruxtions as he may receive from Lieutenant-Colonel McDermit. Colonel McDermit has been directed to proceed to the scene of these difficulties and take immediate command of all the troops in the field. Acting Assistant Surgeon Spaulding, no at Susanville, and under orders for the camp to be established in Paradise Valley, has been ordered to accompany Captain Doughty. Captain Starr, Second Cavalry, with his company, is now on the march to Fort Crook, probably at or beyond Red Bluff. Captain Knight, Second Cavalry, with his copany, will march from Camp Union on Monday next, via Colusa, to establish a camp on Atelope Creek, near the mills in Tehama County. Captain Street, Second Cavalry, with his company, is being prepared to move via Red bluff and Fortk Crook tot he camp in the upper part of Surprise Valley. After the departure of the companies above named we have four companies of cavalry left here, three at Camp union and one on duty in this city. The advance of Captain Doughty's beyond the point designated, Smoke Creek, may involve the necessity of throwing forward another company in that direction, but I am under the impression that most of the Indians who have been committing depredations beyond Honey Lake have joined the hostile bands in Humboldt, Nev. Ter. The Indian disturbances both north and south of Fort Churchill require that a full company of cavalry be permanently stationed at that post, and if the disposition of the troops will permit it, I w ould recommend that a company from Camp union be sent over there. We want the services of those two companies of the Second Cavalry now serving beyond Salt Lake very much. If by any possibility those companies could be put on the march in this direction, over the Umboldt route, they would not only protect the emigrants coming over during the summer, but increas eour force in Nevada, and enable us to punish those Indians se effectively that no more disturbances would take place in that State. Another consideration is, that those two companies, now so remote from their regimentity be marched back to this State before being mustered out of service. The services of a medical officer will be required at the camp in the upper part of Surprise Valley, and unless other arrangements have been made I would recommend that Asst. Surg. J. G. Cooper, Second Cavalry, now serving at Camp Union, be sent there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, May 27, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. MCDERMIT,

Second California Cavalry,

Commanding Sub-District of Nevada, Fort Churchill:

COLONEL: Yesterday I had the honor to advise you by telegraph that Captain Doughty had been instructed to report for duty with his company at Fort Churchill, to aid in suppressing the Indian difficulties mentioned in your dispatch. Should it be necessary to send him at

