
desperate, and bent on giving our sparset population all the troulbe they can by killing off stokc and murdering white men, and in some instances friendly Indians. More than 1,500 head of stock have been killed and stolen in Humboldt County alone within two months past, and many white men have been murdered by them. Nearly all our arms are in use at different points, and more being almost daily called for, while many small, thin settlements at points remote from other releif are wholly unarmed and defenseless and threatened by the redskins. Our troops are all enaged, so that I am totally unprepared to respond to any further call, however meritorious and urgent, which may be made. I am going to Reese River next week to see if I can effect anything with the hostile Indians, but fear nothing can be done, as they seem fully determined upon bloodshed. There are said to be 500 in one band on the Humboldt River very hostile, and well fortified and armed. Can you not send over two or three companies to aid, so far as may be necessary?

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

H. G. BLASDEL,

Governor, &amp;c.

Per WELLS,

Private Secretary.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 119. San Francisco, Cal., May 29, 1865.

* * * *

3. A company of the Second Regiment of Cavalry California Volunteers will march immediately from Camp Union to Fort Churchill and report for service in the sub-district under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Charles McDermit, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, May 29, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of California:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 27th instant, and am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that one company of the Second California Volunteer Cavlary has this day been ordered to march immediately to Fort Churchill. Should the service of another company be deemed necessary to chastise the Indiands in Nevada it will be drawn from Camp Union. In consideration of the fact that the services of almost all the cavalry companies will be required during the present summer, the general suggests the withdrawal of the cavalry company stationed in Sacramento for provost-guard duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

