
BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, May 29, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have a telegram from Lieutenant-Colonel McDermit, dated at Fort Churchill this morning. He says:

Will leave for Humboldt in morning; take with me Captain Wallace's company of infantry and squad of Company E, Nevada Cavalry, and will have Captain Doughty's company, Second Cavalry, join me on Humboldt River.

The colonel asks for authority to hire a pack train to go in the mountains, which I have granted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Maricopa Wells, May 30, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this point this morning. Our animals are in goiod condition, but I find it necessary to repair our wagons, all of the iron-work beig loose. We will leave for Tubac on Friday next. In the meantime we expect to make arrangements with the Pima and Maricopa Indians for at least 200 warriors. I do not anticipate any difficulty in getting them for one year. They expect a good outfit, and in an interview with the chief of the maricopas we made them understand that we wanted their services as soldiers; that they would be expected to make constant compaigns against the Apaches; that at such times as we could spare them they would be allowed to come back to their homes for a short time; that they would be armed and provided with ammunition, and that their clothing would consist of a pair of pants, a shirt, and a blanket; their provisions, panole, beans, and dried beef. I can obtain the provisions here and at Tubac, and would respectfully request that 600 red shirts, 600 pairs of coarse pants, and 600 blouses be sent me at once. I would suggest that 200 of the blouses be bound with yellow, 200w ith red, and 200 with light blue, in order to distinguish tribes. Also send 600 yards of coarse red flannel. A yard will answer instead of a hat. We heed also a mustering officer at once to organize these companies. If one is sent to this point he will probably meet us here on our return from Tubac. The Indians really have possession of this Territory. It is feared that the Hualapais, the Yavapais, and the differen tribes of Apaches, with some straggling Navajoes, have comibned for the purpose of exterminating the whites. I propose starting Colonel Lewis with three companies of his regiment and some 200 Papago Indians on a campaign in Southeastern Arizona. At the same time I am making arrangementsto start with a force of the company of cavalry (my escort), the three companies of infantry destined for Tonto Basin, and about 200 Pimas and Maricopas into the country of the Apaches. I labor under many difficulties. I find Fort Whipple without provisions, instead of a year's supply; no supplies at Tubac, and I suspect nots Goodwin or Bowie. I have a train on the way with 10,000 rations for Tubac, and to the Tubac train of Government wagons will be here to-night en route for Fort Yuma for supplies. It will be impossible with the limited means at my disposal to do anything toward subduing

