
the Indians unelss full authority be given me to hire such citizens as we may need. I must have good guides, good packers, teamsters, wagon-masters, &amp;c., who are familiar with the country, and who know from experience how to care for animals in this dry country. If I must depend on soldiers for driving the teams my already too small force is crippled, and my teams will so shortly be rendered worthless that it will be impossible to supply our posts. I do not watn to be extravagant in my exenditures, but I wasn the necessary means to carry on a successful campaign. I fear my wgon and pack train has not yet left Wilmington for the want of authroity to employ citizens as teamster, &c., whilst the delay will probably prevent my making the cmapaign at once, which I have every reason to believe would at once relieve this Territory. I am too far away and have too liited means of communicatioin with headquarters of the department to refer every small matter, and have therefore to request authority to employ such citizens as in my judgment may be necessary for the service, and in the meantime I shall continue to employ such as I may require, trusting that the commanding general will approve my action. I will not give much trouble in the way of building expensive posts, keeping up useless depots, or in employing citizens at military posts, but I really want my enlisted men with arms in their hands in active campaign against the Apaches, whilst citizens can haul their supplies. Soldiers when absent on long routes with trains will not care for their animals, and it is true economy to employ a first-rate wagon-mater and good citizen teamsters to take charge of trains over the roads here, particularly when it is so hard to replace animals, which are in any case so expensive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District of Arizona.

[First indorsement.]

SAN FRANCISCO, June 23, 1865.

I respectfully recommend that Captain Hoyt, assistant quartermaster, be directed to furnish the clothing, &c., asked for by General Mason from supplies on hand, or by purchase, or both.

E. B. BABBITT,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,June 23, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Colonel Babitt, chief quartermaster, who will direct Captain Hoyt, assistant quartermaster, to supply the Indian clothing named within. The clothing will be furnished from that on hand, or purchased if necessary. Please return with action indorsed hereon.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

San Francisco, June 26, 1865.

Captain Hoyt, assistant quartermaster, will at once make the purchases indicated in the within letter and the above instructions indorsed thereon.

E. B. BABBITT,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

