
Humboldt ask for assistance. Distance from this post too great to render required protection. Gravelly Ford seventy-five miles from Ruby Valley. I have dispatched above to Colonel Connor.

C. McDERMIT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 163. San Francisco, Cal., September 16, 1862.

Captain Salem S. Marsh, Second Infantry, is relieved from duty in this department adn will proceed without delay to join his company (C), Second Infantry.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION, Camp Independence, Owen's River Valley, Numbers 10. September 16, 1862.

I. The undersigned hereby resumes command of the companies (D, G, and I), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, composing the Owen's River Expedition.

II. Pursuant to instructions from headquarters Department of the Pacific, a one-company military post will be established on Oak Creek, Owen's River Valley, to be called and known as Camp Independence. Said post to be garrisoned by Company G, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and commanded by Captain Theodore H. Goodman, of said company, for which service they are hereby detailed.

* * * * * * *

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding

FORT RUBY, September 16, 1862 - 1. 10 p. m.

Major R. C. DRUM:

I will not leave here for a week or more. No supplies arrived yet. Indians murdering emigrants on the Humboldt. Will attend to it.

P. E. CONNOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 34. San Francisco, Cal., September 17, 1862.

In pursuace of an act of the Congress of the United States entitled "An act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellin, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other purposes," approved July 17, 1862, the attention of all persons in this military department (embracing the States of California and Oregon, and the Territories of Washington, Utah, Nevada, and that portion of New Mexico known as Arizona) is called to the following provisions of said act:

SECTION 5. And be it further enacted, That to insure the speedy termination of the present rebellion it shall be the duty of the President of the United States to cause the seizure of all the estate and property, money, stocks, credits, and the effects of the persns hereinafter named in this section, and to apply and use the same and the proceeds thereof for the support of the Army of the United States; that is to say:

* * * * * * *

