
Indian difficulties in that section, and to prevent further truble in the future, if possible. I shall have with me a small escort of cavalry. From Reese River I shall proceed to Unionville, Humboldt County, where I shall take command in person of the expedition against the Indians in the vicinity of Paradise Valley. I shall make frequent reports to district headquarters during my absence in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. MCDERMIT,

Lieutenant Colonel Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT OF NEVADA, Numbers 8. Fort Churchill, May 29, 1865.

I. Captain William Wallace, Company A, First Battalion Nevada Volunteer Infantry, and detachment Company E, First Nevada Volunteer Cavalry, consisting of three non-commissioned officers and ten privates, will be in readiness to leave this post at 6 a. m. for the Humboldt country.

* * * *

By order of Charles McDermit, lieutenant-colonel Second California Volunteer Cavalry, commnding post:

DANIEL VANDERHOOF,

First Lieutenant, Acting Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF NEVADA,

Fort Churchill, May 28, 1865.

Captain J. C. DOUGHTY,

Commanding Co. I, Second Cal. Vol. Cav., Smoke Creek, Nev. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed you will find a copy of a dispatch from the general commanding the district. You will properly equip and supply with thirty days' rations your command, and proceed without any unnecessary delay to the Humboldt River by the shortest and most practicable route, and from thence move up said stream to the Pioneer House, near the junction of Little and Main Humboldt Rivers, where you will remain until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. MCDERMIT,

Lieutenant Colonel Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: If it meet sthe approbation of the general commanding the department, I will direct the abandonment of Camp Baker as soon as I learn that it is not required by the superintendent of volunteer recruiting service; also the officer now there (Lieutenant Underwood), performing the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence and attending to the reshipment of and purchase of stores for Fort Klamath, to proceed to latter post and relieve the acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of susbistence. Keeping or occupying both Fort Klamath and Camp Baker I consider detrimental to the public service. The division of the troops of so small a command is to conductive to the public

