
good. The necessary buildings for two companies, I learn, are completed at Fort Klamath, including stablese, &amp;c., for one company of cavalry, and if haycan be procured in abundance (which I think is the case, and very cheaply) it would certainly be best to winter the horses at that fort. In the present situation they are dependent upon each other, and troops cannot be moved from either until are ready. I will be pleased to have the directions of the general on the matter. Unless changed recently, the buildings at Camp Baker are valueless. The policy of wintering the horses at Fort Klamath will be a matter of further examination, though if deemed best to do so in Rouge River Valley, it doees not make it necessary to reoccupy Camp Baker, as they are not necessarily kept at this camp. My present information is that they can be kept at the fort as cheaply as at Camp Baker or in Rogue River Valley. The difference in the cost of hay will meet the cost of transportation of such short forage as may be required. The principal advantage, however, will be in the fact that when wanted the men and their equipments are together and can be promptly used for the good of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding District of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Maricopa Wells, May 31, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: The chief of the Maricopas, Juan Cheveriah, is a fine warrior and will probably give us 100 good men. He will lead them himself, but he cannot enter the service; but as his reward for his services he would like to visit San Francisco with one or two of his captains. He could be sent at a very trifling cost to the United States, and I really think it would be beneficial to us to have him go. Irataba has been there, so also has the chief of the Pimas, and he naturally feels slighted and negelcted, when really he is the best Indian in the Territory to depend on for men that will go and say as long as their services are needed. I would therefore respectfully respectfully request authority to send them to Drum Barracks by some train that may be going in, and to request that Colonel Curtis take charge of them and forward them to San Francisco, and that they be cared for while there.

Your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District of Arizona.

[Indorsement.]

Muster them in as officers, send them as such to San Francisco, and then all their expense can be borne. After if they wish to resign they will be allowed to do so. Suggest this to Governor Goodwin.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, Sacramento, May 31, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Last night I received your telegram; also two from the general. I have ordered two companies of the Sixth Infantry, now at

