
Benicia Barracks, to march to Fort Churchill, under command of Major O'Brien. I expect they will be able to come up by steamer on Saturday night, when transportation will be ready here to push them rapidly forward. I have decided to send Company B, Second Cavalry, to Churchill. Horses are being transferred to B to enable it to mount every man. The horses must be shod, and this occasions some delay, as this is their first shoeing, and most of them have to be thrown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, BRIGADE HDQRS. DIST. OF CALIFORNIA, No. 78. Sacramento, May 31, 1865.

The commanding officer of Benecia Barracks will designate two companies of the Sixth California Infantry to march immediately, under command of Major M. O'Brien, same regiment, for field service in Nevada, the quarteramster's department furnishing the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. D. WAITE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, BRIGADE HDQRS. DIST. OF CALIFORNIA, No. 79. Sacramento, May 31, 1865.

I. Company B, Second California Cavalry, is designated to proceed to Fort Churchill in lieu of Company H, same regiment, which will take post at Camp Union this day.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, Sacramento, May 31, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT BENICA BARRACKS:

The brigadier-general commanding desires that the two companies selected in accordance with Special Orders, No. 78, current series, from these headquarters, be armed and equipped for field service, 100 rounds of ammunition to each man, beside the cartridge-boxes filled. Their knapsacks will contain nothing but what is absolutely necessary for a summer campaign, each man taking an extra pair of bootees. It is expected that Major O'Brien will reach Benicia to-morrow or next day, and the command move by water to this city on the 3rd instant. When leaving, each man will take two days' cooked rations in his haversack; in addition, each company will have fifteen days' provisions. At the proper time you will report by telegraph the departure of these troops in order that the chief quartermaster at these headquarters may have transportation in readiness to avoid any delay. You will designate a subaltern to act as acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subistence on the march. A copy of these instructions will be given to Major O'Brien, and also these headquarters notified as to what companies are designated.

Very respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

