
SAN FRNACISCO, May 31, 1865- 2 p. m.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

Fort Vancouver:

Whar orders have been given Captain Kelly for summer's operations? Order no expedition without first receiving sanction of department commander, except in cases of emergency.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Ter., June 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith copy of orders and letter of instructions relating to summer's operations from Fort Klamath. * They have been suspended until the directions of the general commanding the department are received. The expedition is one of importance to Northern California and Southern Orgeon, and especially necessary to the occupation and settlement of the country to be traversed. In addition to this the Governor of the State of Oregon and many leading citizens of the Willamette Valley request that a party of cavalry may be sent with the party of citizens exploring a road from the head of the valley, via Diamond Peak and South end of Harney lake, to the southeastern end of the State. An appropriation of lands was made by Congress for this road. It is considered of importance to the people of Oregon generally. I respectfully request that I may be permitted to send them. The company is actively engaged in working the western section of the road, and is verym, anxious to complete the survey of the eastern portion this summer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding District of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., June 1, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Acting Governor Smith, of this Territory, writes me from Ruby City, under date of May 30, that within the pst week about 700 head of horses and cattle have been stolen by Indians in the vicinity of Sucker Creek and the crossing of the Owhyee River, in Jordan Valley. I am compelled to believe that the number of cattle and horses stolen has been very much exaggerated in the rumors that have reached the Governor; still there is evidently some foundation for reports of this kind. After his arrival at this post I will hurry Lieutenant Hobart into the field with the utmost dispatch. A letter from Lieutenant West, dated Salmon Falls, May 22, has been received. He reports the water high and traveling very bad. He did not reach Salmon Falls until the 20th, and intended starting on the 23rd to Rock Creek with a part of his detachment. He says nothing of the demonstrations made by the

---------------

*See May 10 and May 11, pp. 1225, 1227.

---------------

