
Indians on the stations this side of the Falls, but I hear incidentally that the disturbances reported to have been committed by Indians were committed by some discharged employes of the mail contractor. These men adopted that method of getting redress for the injury sustainted of having to accept greenbacks in payment for services rendered, when they contracted for payment in coin. This refers only to the reported disturbances this side of Salmon Falls. The stock stealing above the Falls was doubtless the work of Indians. Lieutenant West's detachment will return to this post about the 12th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. DRAKE,

Major First Oregon Infantry, Commanding.

FORT VANCOUVER, WASH. TER., June 1, 1865.

Lieutenant UNDERWOOD,

Jacksonville, Oreg.:

Suspend all preparations under Special Orders, No. 100, until further orders. Send copy of this to Captain Kelly.

By order:

F. B. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 2, 1865. - For General Grant's address to the soldiers of the Armies of the United States, see Vol. XLVI, Part III, p. 1248.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERALS' OFFICE, Washington, June 2, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

You will immediately relieve all general and staff officers within your command whose services can be dispensed with and order them to proceed without delay to their respective places of residence and report thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army. You will also report the names of all officers relived under this order to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Acknowledge receipt by telegraph.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 2, 1865.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: By telegram received to-day from department headquarters, I am informed that no expeditions will be sent into the field unless directed by or receiving the sanction of the department commander. The expedition or escort for the benefit of the military road was the subject of

