
letters from General Alvord and myself as well as the movement of the troops from Fort Klamath, both of which are of vital importance to Oregon. No objection, until the receipt of this telegram was made. I fear the troubles which appear to hang around Fort Klamah are the cause of this suspension, which I hope is only temporary, yet it stops the preparations and must cause delay. An officer of the Regular Army (Captain Stewart, of the artillery) is now at Fort Klamath investigating the condition and management of that post. I have telegraphed and writen to General McDowell urging their importance and necessity of movements, and suggest that you, if you think best, will do the same. Unless I receive authority in a few days for the movements from Eugene City the troops now there will have to be brought here, as I will not feel at liberty to forward their equipments and the necessary subsistence for any length of time without authority to move them east from the head of the valley. Do you know of a surgeon who could be employed for the trip?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding District.

HEADQUARTERES DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, June 2, 1865.

His Excellency JAMES D. DOTY,

Governor of Utah, Great Salt Lake City, Utah Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to ackowledge the receipt of your letter of the 19th ultimo and its inclosures of the same date from Mr. Coburn on the subject of affording military protection to the route from Great Salt Lake City to Walla Walla via Boise City, &amp;c. I inclose herewith a copy of my General Orders, No. 36,* of this year, directing a post to be established near Cames Prairie for the purpose of affording protection on the route to which you refer. I fear I have not a sufficient force disposable to establish any other posts in that quarter, but I will direct the commanding officer of the Sub-District of Boise to send parties on the road and afford it all the protection his means will allow.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, June 2, 1865.

C. DE WITT SMITH, Esq.,Secretary of Acting Governor of Idaho Territory, Boise City:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of May 8, asking military protection along the route traveled by the stages from Star City, Nev. Ter., to Ruby and Boise City, Idaho Ter. I inclose herewith copies of my General Orders, No. 29 and 36, of this year,+ establishing posts on the route indicated in your letter, as well as on other routes leading to your Territory. These orders were issued after consultation with His Excellency the Governor of the Territory,

---------------

*See p. 1224.

+See pp. 1210, 1224.

---------------

