
and will, I trust meet the wants of the country. I hope to able to visit Idaho this year and see if I can do anything further to promote the interests of the Territory.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Portland, June 2, 1865.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

Commanding:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that Company K, First Oregon Infantry, is now full, and as soon as it is musterd into the service I respectfully request that it be assigned to duty as a part of your command. This company completes the regiment, and I have this day appointed the following-named field officers: George B. Currey, colonel; John M. Drake, lieutenant-colonel; W. F. Rinehart, major.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., June 5, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the colonel commanding the district of that I arrived at this post yesterday evening. I established a camp in Cames Prairie, and think it best to keep the troops here for some time yet and employed in scouting the country lying between that campand Camp Watson. The Indians on the Umattilla Reservation hold a grand war talk of Wednesday next, to take into consideration the necesssary steps for a more extended excrusion against the Snakes. I think I will go down and learn what their conclusion are.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. CURREY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry, Commanding Post.

OFFICE INSPECTOR OF ARTILLERYAND ORDNANCE, Fort Point, Cal., June 6, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL; In pursuance to verbal instructions from the department commander, I have the honor to submit the following special report on the condition of certain of the forts and batteries in the harbor of San Francisco: The batteries on Angel Island were all found to being a serviceable condition, with the exception of that at Point Blunt. The guns in this battery are all mounted and ready for service, a superunumerary 32-pounder having been furnished. The exterior part of the parapet in front of three of the 32-pounders has settled so as to leave

