
California Cavalry, will leave in two or three days with similar instructions. Special orders have been forwarded for the general court-martial which lately met at Fort Churchill to reconvene. Instructions for the considerations of the same will be forwarded this week.

Very respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, Sacramento, June 9, 1865.

General J. BIDWELL,

Chico, Cal.:

GENERAL: On my return from San Francisco this morning I found your letters of the 5th and 7th instant. I design to bring Captain Doughty with his company back to Smoke Creek as soon as the Indian difficulties in Nevada are settled. This I look for at an early day, as Lieutenant-Colonel McDermit has personally taken the field with a force ample for all purposes. Captain Starr is ow at Fort Crook, and will cross the mountains to the head of Surprise Valley without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, June 10, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

In the new assignment of military commands the President has assigned to you the Military Division of the Pacific, embracing the Department of the Columbia and Department of California, with headquarters at San Francisco. General Ord has been assigned to the Department of the Columbia, embracing the State of Oregon and Territories of Washington and Idaho, with headquarters at Fort Vancouver. The Department of Virginia has been assigned to General Terry. The order has not yet been published, but will be issued in a few days. General Terry will proceed to Richmond to confer with you and make arrangements for entering upon his command. You and General Ord will of course retain your present commands until they can be turned over in proper shape to General Terry.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 10, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: By direction of the President the Division of the Pacific has been created to embrace the Departments of the Columbia and of California. You are hereby assigned to the command, with your headquarters at San Francisco.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

