
going east from Viginia Cavalry some two of three years since. Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, has been camped here for the past five days on account of good grass and water being on the ground, and in this range these necessaries are very scarce. We scout night and day for the purpose of intercepting as well as punishing hostile Indians, but this section, it would seem, has been forsaken by them. There is very little immigration now on this part of the road, it being rather early in the season, but as soon as the unprotected emigrant shoes himself, so soon will the Indian. The country every indication of mineral wealth, but the great scarcity of wood and water will, I fear, prevent its being developed. There is nothing picturesque, I must allow, colonel, in this camp or the sketch I took of it, but our quarters are of such novel characther I deem them worhty of remark in my letter. They are formed, in the first place, of a frame-work of willows, and covered afterward with grease brush, which is tied onto the willows in the most compact from with bark twine. Some of these houses shelter four men. We have to creep into them on hands and knees, but nevertheless they afford us much comfort, as the air at night is bitter could and frostlike, while in the day the heat is oppresive and intense. On the 10th instant we were visited by a violent hail-storm, and the hail that fell on that occasion surpassed in size anything of the same kind I [ever] saw before. The company will leave this camp on the 18th instant and return to Dun Glen, to be inspected by Lieutenant-Colonel McDermit.

Hoping, colone, that yourself and family are enjoying the very best of health, I have the honor to remain, your grateful and obedient servant,

W. GIBSON OVEREND,

Second Lieutenant Company B, Second Cavalry California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Q. M. and Acting Commissary of Subsitence.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 14, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith copy of letter from commanding officer Fort Boise. * The Indians in that section of the country appear to be more than usually active and successful in their depredations. I have strong hopes, however, that on the arrival of the re-enforcements which went forward early in May, the commanding officer of the Sub-District of Boise will be able not only to check their stealing, but to chastise them. In this connection I beg leave to ask again the attention of the general commanding to the importance of a prompt movement of the cavalry from Fort Klamath. The section of country in which it was proposed this force should operate will undoubtedly be occupied by these Indians as a retreat and hiding place for their plunder, and from which they can interrup entirely the travel and trade from Northern California and Southern Oregon to the Canyon City miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding District.

---------------

*See June 1, p. 1253.

---------------

