
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, No. 4. Tubac, June 15, 1865.

I. Colonel Lewis, Seventh California Volunteer Infantry, will as soon as practicable abandon the post at Tubac and establish his command at the Calabazas on the site selected for that purpose. He will lay off a reservation of two miles in each direction from the flag-staff, and at once proceed to erect the necessary buildings, &amp;c., for a post of four companies of cavalry and four of infantry.

II. That portion of the Territory of Arizona south of the River Gila and east of a american of longtitude passing through the Pima Villages is hereby created a sub-military district, to be designated Southern Sub-District of Arizona. Colonel Lewis, Seventh California Volunteer Infantry, is assigned to its command. The posts within its limits will make such reports, &c., as he may call for.

By order of General Mason:

JNO. GREEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 47. San Francisco, Cal., June 16, 1865.

Hereafter no one not in the military service will be arrested within this department by military authority, except in pursuance of special orders in each case from department or district headquarters.

By command of Major-Generalal McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF THE COMISSARY-GENERAL OF PRISONERS, Washington, D. C., June 17, 1865.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

Commanding Division of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War directs that men arriving in San Francisco known to have been in the rebel army should be required to take the oath of allegiance. Men supposed to have been in that service should be under careful surveillance, and action taken according to circumsntaces, having in view the peace and safety of the country.

W. HOFFMAN,

Commissary-General of Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Tubac, June 18, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this point on the 8th instant. I examined the country between this point and Tucson with reference to a site for a post. Also that I visited the old site of Fort Buchanan, and in fact have pretty thoroughly examined the whole country, and have finally selected a point known as Calabazas. Old Fort Buchanan is situated at the head of a narrow valley, distant from

