
by my orders, herewith transmitted. * Twenty-five men, under an active officer, are deemed ample for Tehama County. The supplies for the company at Smoke Creek can now be sent forward via Chico. I have a not this morning from Colonel McGarry. He has been quite sick for a week past at Napa, but was much better, and will probably return to Camp Union by the end of the week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] CHICO, June 17, 1865.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding District of California, Sacramento:

GENERAL: Feeling satisfied that a great stream of travel is to go to Idaho Territory the present season, and that most of it, if not all will go by Smoke Creek, Deep Hole, Grantite Creek, and Pueblo to the Owyhee, and knowing the danger from Indians between Smoke Creek and Pueblo and between Pueblo and Owyhee River, where the travel must pass, I feel obliged to submit to your favorable notice the propriety of having a company of troops sent to Pueblo, to range in three directions, namely, toward Owyhee, Surprise Valley, and Grantite Creek; or, if deemed better, have the company stationed at Surprise Valley range to Pueblo and thence toward Owhyee, and the company at Smoke Creek range as far as Pueblo via Grantite Creek, as in the judgment of the commanding officers circumstances might require. Whatever is done should be done without delay. Teams are to leave here on Monday without fail with a large freight for Idaho. I have heard no contradiction of the attack and massacre by Indians at Pueblo, stated in a former letter. On the contrary, a confirmation as follows: The last stage from Susanville says there men were prospecting near Pueblo; one escaped (the other two being killed) toward Pueblo, and when near the place saw it surrounded by a large number of Indians, and he believes all the white people there (seven or eight instead of twenty) must be killed. Now, these freight teams have to pass directly through that region. Others have been going in that direction for some time. Besides, Captain E. D. Pierce is with a party of men going on removing obstructions from the road. The travel that was going by Surprise is now taking the Grantite Creek route.

Trusting that you give the subject immediate consideration, I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. BIDWELL.

SACRAMENTO, June 19, 1865 - 12. 50 p. m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

In the absence of orders from department, I have ordered Knight to move at once from Antelope Creek to Smoke Creek, leaving an officer and twenty-five men at Antelope. Notified Major Kirkham to send supplies to Smoke Creek.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Special Orders, No. 93, District of California, June 19, p. 1265.

---------------

