
service instead of Knigth's which I had early in the forenoon ordered to move. In reply to your letter of yesterday, I have to say that I had fixed on no specific time to visit officially stations in the district. I only deemed it proper to ask for such authority in case a sudden emergency should arise rendering it necessary. Of course I should remain here under any circumstances so long as the general might be absent from his headquarters.

Very respectfully,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 50. San Francisco, Cal., June 24, 1865.

By direction of the Secretary of War, "All men arriving in San Francisco, known to have been in the rebel army, will be required to take the oath of allegiance. " With a view to a compliance with this order, all such as are now within the limits of this department, as well as those who may hereafter come within it, will report immediately to the nearest provost-marshal or commanding officer of a post and take the required oath. The names of all who report will, together with a copy of their oath of allegiance, be immediately forwarded for file to Major Morton, provost-marshal of San Francisco, who will keep a register of their names with a descriptive list showing where they served, in what regiment, division and army, when paroled or exchanged, and when they came to this country, and where they now reside; all such will be required to report any change in their place of abode. Any one known to have served in the rebel army, and known not to have obeyed this order, will be immediately reported to Major Morton, for such other action as the case may require. Provost-marshal and commanderes of posts will see that the oath of allegiance is accompanied by such information as will enable the provost-marshal (Major Morton) to comply with this order.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, June 25, 1865.

General TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Issue order relieving General Halleck form his present command, and assign to duty as commander of the Division of the Pacific, headquarters at San Francisco.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 25, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Richmond, Va.:

By direction of the President the Division of the Pacific has been created, to embrace the Departments of the Columbia and of California. You are assigned to the command, with your headquarters at

