
San Francisco, and are relieved from your present command hereby. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Fort Humbodt, Cal., June 25, 1865.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the distribution of troops in this district: Company A, of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, is divided into three detachments, as follows: A detachment of four men at Camp Iaqua, in command of Captain Randal, of the above-named company; another detachment of thirty men at Camp Anderson, in command of First Lieutenant Wilbur, of Company a, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, and another detachment of fourteen men of same company, under command of First Lieutenant Rowe, of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, at Camp Grant. Company F, of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers is also divided into three detachments as follows: At Fort Humboldt Captain Ball is stationed with fifty-seven of his men; at Lighthouse Point there is a detachment of eighteen men, and at Camp Worth is a detachment of eigtheen men, a distance of five mile apart, both camps being under the command of Second Lieutenant Kendall, of the above-named comapny. Captain Buckley with his company (C, of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers) is in command at Camp Lincoln. Captain Phelan with his company (B, of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers) is in command at Fort Gaston. I would most respectfully state that in my opinion the force at Fort Gaston is inadequate for the protection of the reservation of Hoopa Valley. I would therefore most earnestly adn respectfully suggest that another company be sent to this district without delay, should it meet with the approval of the commander of the department. I am sorry to state that Captain Phelan is physically, in my opinion utterly, incompetent to perfrom his duties, I respectfully refer you to Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, who will be likely to be at your headquarters on the receipt of this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Major Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 27, 1865.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

You are assigned to command the Department of California, embracing the States of California and Nevada and Territories of Utah, New Mexico, and Colorado, headquarters San Francisco. Major-General Halleck is to command the Division of the Pacific, embracing Department of Columbia and California and Brigadier General George Wright to command the Department of the Columbia. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

