
as I have had considerable experience in the administration of Indian affairs, as well as other means of observation during a long period of service in the Army, mostly in the Indian countires or on the forntier of civilication, I take great pleasure in replying seriatim to the questions you have done me the honor to propound for my consideration. First. For more than forty years I have been an officer in the Army of the United States, serving on the borders of the great northwestern lakes, the Upper Mississippi and Missouri Rivers, in Florida during the war in that country, and for the last thirteen years in the Department of the Pacific; from 1852 to 1855 in the Northern District of California and southern portion of Oregon, and for the next five and a half years in command of Oregon and the Territory of Washington, and then for three years in command of the Department of the Pacific, embrcing the whole of our country west of the Rocky Mountains. During this long period I have been in command of many military expeditions against the hostile Indians, especially in Oregon and the Territory of Washington, in 1856, and lastly in 1858, when a great combination was formed by many warlike tribes in that country, threatening destruction to all the settlements east of the Cascadees. I met the enemy in two hard-fought battles, in both of which they were thoroughly defeated and finally sued for peace, and accepting the terms I granted them, they have remained perfectly quiet and peaceable ever since. The history of that campaign was published in general orders by the lieutenant-general commanding the Army, in November, 1858 and noticed by the honorable Secretary of War in his report of the same year to the President. Second. The Indian tribes are rapidly decreasing in numbers, especially west of the Rocky Mountains, caused in some measure by the wars waged against them, and more particularly by the encroachments of the whites upon their hunting grounds and fisheries, and other means of subsistence, and by the readiness by which they adopt the vices of the whites rather than their virtues, hence their numbers are rapidly dimihished by disease and death. Third. Syphilis and pulmonary diseases arising from vicious conduct, intemperance, and exposure. Fourth. It is only amongst those Indians who extent. The only practicable course to prevent or mitigate the evil is to collect the Indians on reservations under military control and exclusively under military jurisdiction. Fifth. Prostitution and the diseases consequent upon it do not previl to any extent except amongst those Indians living with or in the neihborhood of the white people. Sixth. The only practical remedy to prevent the total extinction of the Indian tribes is to separate them entirely from the white race. Seventh. Remove the Indians to new reservations remote from settlements. Eighth. On the reservation let every family have a piece of land and cultivate for itself, and a portion of the reservation set apart to be cultivated in common, all under the direction of the supervisor. Ninth. Confer no power of alienation of real estate upon Indians; they are naturally great gambelers. Tenth. This question can better be answered by the supervisor. Eleventh. Schools have a good effect. Provide for a Protestant minister on every reservation, having under him assistants to teach schools. Twelfth. The effect of Christian missions amongst Indians is good, and it is recommended that they be maintained. Thirteenth. After the pacification of the Indian Territory let a section of country be set apart for residence and known as Indian Territory, from which exclude all whites and place the

