
territory under the control of the War Department under such regulations as the Congress may make or approve. Fourteenth. Yes. Indians have no need of money. Whisky sellers will get it all. Government will furnish Indians what is absolutely necessary. Fifteenth. Very little, I imagine, from what I have heard. Sixteenth. Cannot say. Seventeenth. Most of it, I have no doubt. Eighteenth. Give the Indians no money ane exclude whites from their country. Nineteenth. Cannot say anything on this subject. Twentieth. The War Department unquestionalby. I have seen the working of the Indian Bureau under both, and unhesitatitngly give the preference to the War Department. So long as peace and quiet prevails amongst the Indians, and they are well furnished with supplies by the Indian agent, everything goes on smoothly, but when war comes and difficulties amongst the different tirbes or with the white people always to the military commander to settle their affairs. I have had much to do in this way. Twenty-first. Let it be done by law and enforced by arms; make it a miltiary colony. Twenty-second. It will be a good plan to place orhpan children in the families of Christian white men to be trained and educated. Twenty-third. Collect the Indians on great reservations, and protect the interests of the Indians and of the Government by the strong arm of the military.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 27, 1865.

First. Lieutenant J. M. McCALL,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Escort to Surveying Party,

Eugene City, Oreg.:

SIR: As soon as your party is supplies with the necessary outfit you will move for the accomplishment of the purposes of Special Orders, No. 131. As the latter indicates, you will be governed in your route by the wishes of B. J. Pengra, esq., the chief of the surveing party, but you alone are responsible for the economy, property, and safety of your command, and will, therefore, use every necessary precaution for their care and preservation. The opening of the proposed road is one of importance to Oregon, and every reasonable effort for its successful exploration is enjoined. Efforts with the same objects in view have been made in two different years directly by the Government (1859 and 1860), but with indifferent results, both comparatively failing from untowrd circumstances. That of 1860 made an examination of the country from Harney Lake west to the foot-hills of the Cascades. The conclusions arrived at are very unfavorable, but the impression derived from a persual of the report is that the party made but a very casual examination, thinking that a better route farther north - that is, north of the desert - existed, and were directing their attention to it whe the exploration was interrupted by the necessity of a campaign against the Indians. The original object of this party (Major Steen's) was to explore from Harney Lake west to Diamond Peak and Eugene City, and southeast from Harney Lake to City of Rocks, intersecting the main emigrant road to California in vicinity of the latter. I have not been able to learn that any party in an official capacity has explored the latter

