
part of the route. It is presume that Mr. Pengra's route will be about what was then proposed. It is very desirable to have more and better information of the route generally, and especially of the latter portion. You will be particular, therefore, to take such notes of the features of the country, courses, and distances traveled as will enable you to give all the necessary information in your final report. Every available opportunity will be taken to forward the required returns and to report the progress of your party. If from any unforeseen cause it should become necessary you can replenish your supplies to some extent from the camp in Jordan Creek Valley. Your orderes direct your return on completion of the duties assigned you to Fort Vancouver via Eugene City. However, on reaching the waters of the Des Chutes on your return, if the surveying party has no further use for the escort and time and suppliese permitting it, you are authorized to change your direction to Fort Dalles, from which post you will report and await further orders. If it becomes necessary to have additional supplies to meet the command at Eugene City on its return, timely requisitions must be made. I inclose a copy of that part of Lieutenant Dixon's report of 1860 which refers to the country west of Harney Lake. Later in the season the lieutenant traveled up the stream which flows from the south to the lake and crossed the Snow Mountains by one of its eastern branches. This route is, however, described as miserably bad, being very rocky. He did not, however, continue his explorations farther south or east.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 140. San Francisco, Cal., June 30, 1865.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. Major Robert S. Williamson, chief engineer at department headquarters, with his surveying party, will proceed via Fort Crook to make a reconnaissance of the country between the site of the post to be established at the head of Surprise Valley and the station at Smoke Creek, in Honey Lake Valley, and thence of all the routes leading from Honey Lake Valley to Idaho Territory. The necessary escort will be furnished him by Major Henry B. Mellen, commanding Sub-District of Siskiyou, and the officer commanding at Smoke Creek.

4. In addition to the toporgraphical reconnaissance Major Williamson with obtain all the reliable information possible relating to the number, abode, character of the Indian tribes and of the relation between men and the white inhabitants of that region, and especially on the lines of emigration to Idaho Territory and from Chico to the Humboldt River, Nev. Ter.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

