
toward the mountains in the vicinity of the headwaters of the Owyhee and Humboldt Rivers. On the 25th of June I inspected the cavalry according to Special District Orders, No. 90. The pack tain which is intended to carry my supplies on the march after the Indians arrived on the 28th of June. On the 30th ultimo I mustered all the troops for pay. I have ordered Company B, Second California Cavalry, Lieutenant R. A. Osmer, commanding, to scour the country between the Humboldt and Reese Rivers, with orders to protect the settlers and punish any marauding bands of Indians. Company D, Captain Hill, Sixth California Infantry, I have ordered to Queen's River to protect the settlers and travelers of that vicinity. Both of the above-named companies have orders to move wherever they deem their presence most required. I shall move after the Indians by two routes to-morrow morning, taking fifteen days' rations and crossing the range of mountains lying between the Humboldt and Owyhee Rivers (at whose base Camp No. 16 is situated); thence I shall proceed east, directing my course for the head of the Humboldt River. I send Captain J. C. Doughty, Company I, Second California Cavalry, with a command, directing him to leave this camp on the 3rd instant and scour the country in vicinity of Gravelly Ford, joining me at a point about 110 miles from Gravelly Ford. My command will consist of forty-five men of Company E, under Lieutenant J. Littfield; fifty men of Company D, Captain A. B. Wells, Nevada Cavalry; fifty men Company A, Captain W. Wallace, Nevada Infantry; a 12-pounder mountain howitzer, dismounted and packed upon mules; Asst. Surg. A. F. Mechem, Lieutenant C. C. Warner, U. Butterfield, guide and interpreter, with three Indians. Total, officers and men, 157; also a pack train of twenty mules. Captain J. C. Doughty's command will consist of seventy men of his own company, twenty men Company B, Nevada Infantry, under Lieutenant Seamands (mounted), Lieut. Charles Tagge, Acting Assistant Surgeon Spaulding, six Indians, and a 12-pounder mountain howitzer; total, 100, with orders to find the hositle Indians, if possible. I have moved my field base of supplies from Camp No. 16 to Camp No. 14, twenty-five miles back, and placed Captain R. C. Payne, Company E, in charge. I have stations through to Dun Glen for the protection of supply trains. I have ordered Major M. O'Brien, Sixth California Infantry, to report with one of his companies now at Fort Churchill at these headquarters, for the purpose of taking charge of the post to be established here, the site of which I shall select on this trip.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMIT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second California Cavalry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,No. 134. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 3, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions received by telegraph from headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated July 1, 1865, Colonel George B. Currey, First Oregon Infantry, will turn over the command of Fort Walla Walla to the officer next in rank, and with the adjutant of his regiment will proceed at once to Fort Vancouver, where the headquarters of his regiment will be temporarily established.

By order of Colonel R. F. Maury:

F. B. WHITE,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Oregon Cav., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

