
the Rocky Martin region renders it highly improbably that these two parties of Bannocks have assembled at these places for any peaceful purpose. Their position will enable them to destroy the immigration, if they are so disposed, and no protection is afforded. The scarcity of cavalry renders it highly necessary that means be afforded of occasionally mountin a detachment of infantry. With the necessary supply of horses equipments men can be mounted on mules for temporary service, and be made equally available with a cavalry force. It will be necessary at all times to keep some pack mules at thsee outside camps, and with a small supply of saddles, bridles, &amp;c., in the quartermaster's department, a detachment of infantry can be made to render efficient service in the pursuit of Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 145. San Francisco, Cal., July 7, 1865.

1. The occasion of the muster out of the U. S. service of the Battalion of Mountaineers, California Volunteers Infantry, is taken to commend them and their most worthy commander, Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, for the valuable service they and he have rendered the country in connection with the suppression of Indian hostilities in the District of Humboldt. Far away from the great battles of the East, with nothing of the excitement which the intense interest concentrated on these great events creates, the battalion has undergone much privation and toil, and has discharged the arduous duty imposed on them readily, earnestly and successfully, and merit the thanks of the department.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 146. San Francisco, July 8, 1865.

1. A company of the Second Infantry California Volunteers, to be designated by the colonel of the regiment, will proceed by the enxt steamer to the District of Humboldt for service therein.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. The company of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers in this city will proceed to join the headquarters of their regiment at Benicia on the 30th instant.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 10, 1865.

Major-General McDOWELL:

Do you need troops for Arizona? If so, what number and what kind shall be sent?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

