
thirty-five men, and the stable will accommodate thirty horses. They will not accommodate more than half my command, but when I get my men distributed along the road between here and Pueblo the quartermasters will accommodate what will remain here, if it is intended that I shall hire the quarters. I have nothing but shelter-tents, and the winds blow so hard every afternoon that they are of but little use. There is not a tree or stick of timber fit for building purposes nearer than Susanville (that is fifty miles). Sage brush is all the wood used here, or to be gotten for cooking purposes, nearer than fifteen miles. there is some scrub about fifteen miles from here on the head of Smoke Creek, but before it can be gotten at considerable work will have to bedone, making roads. I have several men sick, and there is no medicine here and no doctor nearer than Susanville. The detachment of Nevada cavalry stationed at Deep Hole, thirty miles from here, is camped here to-night on its way back to Churchill. the man living at Deep Hole came with them, and thinks the Indians will make a raid on him as soon as they learn that the detachment has gone. The sergeant in charge of the detachment reported to me that he saw Indain signs near the station the day before he left. I will send a detachment through to Pueblo with the first stage, which will leave here on the 13th instant, and when the stage stations are established I will leave a detachment at Granite Creek, and another at one of the stations between Granite Creek and Pueblo. If I am to guard the route from here to Pueblo (the distance is 130 miles) and the detachment can be spared from Antelope Creek, I would like to have them here, as I think they would be of some use here, and of none where they are. This is a hard country for men, and they should be well provided for, and not be kept out in detachments without an officer too long at a time, if they are expected to be kept under discipline. I will keep them out two or three weeks, and then relieve them and bring them in here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. KNIGHT,

Captain, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Station.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 21, 1865.

Respectfully submitted to department headquarters. Another cavalry company from Camp Union has been ordered to Smoke Creek. Captain Knight has bee instructed not to hire quarters.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RUBY CITY, SILVER CITY, AND BOONWILLE, OWYHEE MINES, IDAHO TER., July 12, 1865.

His Excellency Hon. C. D. SMITH,

Governor of Idaho Territory, Boise City:

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned, citizens of Owhyee County, Idaho Ter., beg leave to call to your attention the condition of Indian affairs in this section of the Territory, and to state to you that the Indians have not almost complete control of the new road leading to this quarter from California and Idaho. We would desire to state to you that a stage line was established and put into successful operation under the most gratifying and favorable auspieces by Mr. Hill Beechy,

