
from Star City, in Nevada, to Ruby City in Idaho, but the Indians broke up the stations, ran off the stock, and compelled Mr. Beechy to abandon the road until the Government could give him ample protection. Up to this day nothing has been done by the Government or any one else. We would also call your attention to the recent dastardly, atrocious, and inhuman cruelties perpetrated upon the immigrants from California to Idaho in the Pueblo Valley. Several parties coming through have had their stock stolen and feaering to risk their lives were compelled to leave the country on foot. These parties were followed by two other in Pueblo Silver District, when they were attacked by the Indians and four killed. The Indians took one of the men, cut off his head and driving a stick through it pinioned it to the ground. They then cut off his testicles and hung them on a tree; then cut off his legs and arms and cut his body into strips and hung the pieces on the bushes. One of the men was burned to a stake. One of the men escaping, Mr. Hendricks, is now here severely wounded. To the most of Pueblo the Indians are holding possession of the road, and the report is have defeated Captain Wells, of California cavalry. Within a few nights past they have run stock off from Reynoldfect impunity. The travel from here to California and Nevada, which thus far has opened under favorable auspices, is about being cut off. Two days ago the travelers by Pierce and Francis Saddle Train, on their way with their horses to stock the stage line from Susanville, feared to start out without some protection. They visited Camp Lyon, commanded by Lieutenant Pepoon, of the Oregon cavalry, and asked for a small detachment of five men to accompany them through the Indian country, and it was refused them on the ground that they have no soldiers to spare for this purpose, and the men and horses had to return, and are now here waiting to get a sufficient force to protect themselves. We desire, therefore, to bring these facts to your official notice, and ask that early and active steps be taken to protect the country against further depredations of Indains, and would ask that a large force be established in the Pueblo District, with instructions to patrol the road from the Pueblo to the Owyhee and from the Pueblo to the settlements in California, and we shall ever remember the service done usand the country.

We are, sir, with respect, your obedient servants,

C. G. STAFFORD,

Probate Judge,

[AND 162 OTHERS.]

OFFICE NEZ PERCE INDIAN AGENCY, Lapwai, July 13, 1865.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: It was with regret I heard of your order for the removal of the most of Captain Matthews' company from Fort Lapwai. The condition of affairs on this reservation are such as to render it necesssary that we have soldiers here at all times. There is not a week passes by but that a detachment is called for to go to different points on the reservation to check the selling of whisky to the Indians, and the arrest of the Indians who are robbing pack trains. As we are now placed we have but eighteen to guard public buildings with many thousand dollars; and Indian reservation 100 miles in length by 70 inch breadth, with 3,000 Indians and 4,000 or 5,000 whites, mining upon and taking their

