
as they say that within the past year five flags of truce had been violated. The Indians who had been in to the post and desirous of making peace were the White Mountain Indians, living near the base of the Sierra Blancos, numbering some 500 warriors, and the Mescaleros, living in the ranges of mountains south of Mounts Turnbull and Graham, numbering form 150 to 200 warriors. From that I could learn the White Mountain Indians are really anxious for peace. I doubt the sincerity of the others, however. I directed the commanding officer to treat with them as a per inclosed instructions, thinking that if they could be kept quiet for three or four months, even, until I can get my troops stationed and supplied, it would be of some service. My own opinion is that no permanent peace can be made with the Indians in this Territory until they are first severely punished and made to fear the troops. Fort Goodwin is garrisoned by two companies - Company I, First New Mexican Volunteers, and Company I, First California Cavalry. I do not think it a good post of cavalry, and will, as soon as I can do so, replace the company there by infantry. It is too expensive in the first place, and surrounding country too rugged for them to operate. I do not think the commanding officer and surgeon are either of them fitted for their positions, owing to their constant use of intoxicating liquors. The surgeon has tendered his resignation, which I respectfully recommend may be accepted at once. Major Gorman I have ordered to Fort Bowie, where he can do less harm in his intercourse with the Indians. I would recommend that he be either ordered to rejoin his regiment in New Mexico or mustered out of service.

On my return to this point I expected to find three companies of the Seventh Infantry with wagons, pack-mulese, and provisions enough to start at once to the Tonto Basin; also arms and clothing, with a mustering officer, to equip 200 Indians, to accompany them, but owing to the unaccountable delay of wagons and mules in California, and also the delay in obtaining provisions, I will not be able to organize this expedition for some time. The consequence is that the settlers between the Verde and Colorado Rivers and north of the Gila are deprived of that protection which they had a right to expect would be afforded them by the operation of troops in the country of the Pinals and Tontos, which would relieve themin a great measure. The corps will be lost, and a large portion of the inhabitants are compelled to leave their claims and seek protection in the towns. The difficulty of getting transportation is very great. The trains of Messrs. Yager and Rierdon are both small and poor. They cannot haul as fast as we can use. I have thereefore directed a contract to be made with Mr. Banning, who will place twenty large wagons on the route. This will relieve me greatly. I will send Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett to Fort Yuma in a day or two to fit out our Government train with such articles as are needed at once forthe establishment of the post on the Tonto Basin, and to move with the three companies now at Fort Yuma at the earliest practicable moment; and on his arrival here to take two companies of Indians and proceed at once to the Tonto Basin, taking supplies from the stores en route to Tubac. The train of Mr. Banning will follow as soon as possible with stores. I hope the requisitions of Captain Hooper may be filled without much delay. It was impracticable for him to await my approval, as I was on a tour far beyond the reach of his communication in any reasonable time.

We can get all of the flour, corn, beans, and beef we want in the southern portion of the Territory at reasonable rates, and flour and wheat enough at the Pimas for the supply of the post at the Tonto. The

