
posts of Fort Yuma, Fort Mojave, and Fort Whipple must be supplied from San Francisco. I would respectfully request that if possible two additional regiments of infantry be sent to this Territory. In the end it will be more economical. A sharp, quick, active campaign against the Indians during the coming fall and winter be all that is needed, provided we have troops enough. The extent of country is so great and the number of Indians comparatively so small that they can evade the troops. While we are scouting in one section they are depredating in another; but with troops enough to operate in all sections at the same time a short campaign will suffice. The Hualapais, the Yapupies, as well as the Apaches all need a sound whipping before we can have peace. The southern section of this Territory is wonderfully rich in silver, but at present, for want of full protection against Indians and the want of a port on the Gulf of California, the mines cannot be developed. I would earnestly recommend that immediate steps be taken to open the port of Libertad, as it would not only reduce the expense of maintaining troops nearly one-half, but would develop a very rich mineral region. I think I will be able to afford the protection against the Indians in that section as soon as the troops can be fully supplied with shoes, &amp;c., which will be in another month, but the distance we are compelled to transport from Fort Yuma is very great and very expensive, and can only be obviated by having a port on the Gulf of California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District of Arizona.

[First indorsement.]

DEPARTMENT OF CALIFORNIA, August 9, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Babbitt, chief quartermaster, to know what, if any, delay existed in the movement of troops or supplies to Arizona on account of transportation.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, San Francisco, Cal., August 10, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Captain Hoyt, assistant quartermaster, for his report upon the paragraph at the bottom of the third page.

E. B. BABBITT,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

[Third indorsement.]

CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, San Francisco, Cal., August 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Captain W. F. Swasey, assistasnt quartermaster, who will please report what, if any, delay existed in the movement of the troops or supplies to Arizona on account of transportation.

E. B. BABBITT,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster.

