
[Foruth indorsement.]

AUGUST 29, 1865.

The transportation for the Arizona expedition was ssent forward without delay, from Wilmington Depot, other than that absolutely required to shoe and fit the mules to the teams after they were received from San Francisco.

Respectfully,

W. S. SWASEY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaseter.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Fort Goodwin, July 4, 1865.

Major JAMES GORMAN,

Commanding Fort Goodwin:

SIR: Should the Indians in the vicinity of your post, known as the Mescaleros and Sierra Blanco Apaches, desire to make peace, you are authorized to make a treaty on the following terms, viz: First. That they deliver up all captives, Government property, and fireamrs in their possession. Second. That they agree from this time forth neither to attack, steal from, nor in any way molest parties of either Americans or Mexicans that may be passing through their territory. Third. That they confine themselves to the country bounded on the south by an east and west line running through the mountain pass known as Graham or Eagle Pass; on the west by the line of the San Carlos River; on the north and east by the boundary line of Arizonal; and that no marauding parties be permitted to go either into Sonora or into the soutehrn portion of this Territory, or into any of the neighboring Territories. Fourth. That they will notify the commanding officer of the movement, or contemplated movement, of any party of hostiles against any of the settlements; that they will not permit their passing through their own county, and that if supplied with arms and provisions they will join in any campaign against them. Fifthof any cause of complaint from ill-treatment on the part of the whites they shall make it known to the commanding officer, that it may be redressed, and that they shall deliver for punishment to the commanding officer any of their men who violate the terms of this treaty. Sixth. We on our part agree to protect the Indians against all attacks from the whites, and to punish all bad men who may attack or molest them; against all hostile Indians who may make war upon them in consequence of this treaty and of their friendship to the whites. Seventh. That the commanding officer of Fort Goodwin shall at once lay off and declare as a reservation for Indians (subject to the approval of the proper authorities) in the valley of the Gila, bounded on the north by the Gila Mountains, on the south by the line through Eagle Pass as before mentioned, and extending ten miles east and west from the reservation line of the military post of Fort Goodwin, on which all Indians who may subscribe to this treaty may reside, build their towns, plant their crops, and receive full and complete protection from the post from both whites and hostile Indians, who will neither be allowed to settle on their reservation or live amongst the friendly Indians. These Indians should be notified that it will be well for them to keep away from the country bordering on the Pinals, as a campaign will be at once commenced against them; that troops will be sent through

