
their country to Zuni to establish a mail route, and that so long as they are friendly they need not fear any trouble from us; but that on the other hand if they show any sign of hostily they will be driven to the mountains this winter, their corps will be destroyed, and they weill be killed wherever found, and no future attempt to make a peace will be made. Notify me by special messenger at the earliest period the result of your labors, that in case of failure a campaign may be made at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. MASON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteeres, Commanding District of Arizona.

HDQRS. CAVALRY B, SECOND CAV. CALIFORNIA VOLS., Dun Glen, July 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cavalry California Volunteeres,

Commanding Humboldt Expedition, Nev. Ter.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make a further report of the movement of Company B, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, since July 7, 1865, to the present date, in conformity with instructions from yourself. On the 8th day of July this command left Faribanks Station and moved for the Golconda Mountains, escorting at the same time a party of unprotected emigrants en route for Reese River. I moved to Summit Spring some forty miles distant form said station, and on hearing that hostile Indians had camped in that vicinity, I concluded to use my utmost searches and endeavors to find them. I therefore camped at Summit Spring, and at the solicitation of the emigrants I dispatched a squad of my men (numbering twelve) to escort and see them safely to the Reese River settlements. I in the meantime and for the period of six days scoutted the mountains in the section of the camp day and night, and left nothing undone in my power to capture and punish any hostile Indians that may have been around. I scouted the ravines and even the highest summits of the mountains in the adjoining country, and am sorry to say with little success. On the return of the squad of men who escorted the emigrants aforesaid I learned that traces of large bands of Indians were visible about twenty-five or thirty miles form Reese River, and that they had met with several stray inoffensive Indians, who informed them that a large number of a bad Indians had gone to Reese River, and furthermore the non-commissioned officer who had command of the squad informed me that he had conversation with several settlers in the vicinity of Reese River, who expressed much fear for their safety, and expreesed hopes that military protection may be given them in time, as daily they expected their houses burnt and property destroyed by the ruthless band that hovered around their section. I would therefore respectfully represent to the colonel that form information and belief I deem these settler's fears are not without foundation, and feel assured that after supplying the command with rations and other necessaries I could meet with that success in the Reese River district I have looked so earnestly for in the Golconda range of mountains. I left the Summit Spring on the 15th instant and camped at Evans Canon, where I remained for one day, during which I took with me thirty men and thoroughly searched through the second east range going to the summit of the mountains. I also sent a squad through Clear Creek Canon

