
and scouted the other squad through Sonoma Canon to Grass Valley and the adjoining ravines, and could see nothing to convince me that Indians dwelt around there. On account of the men of my command being partly out of rations I deemed it advisable to repair to Dun Glen to get the same replenished, and in conformity with your instructions, colonel, to await your inspection of the 20th instant.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

R. A. OSMER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company B, Second Cav. California Vols.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF BOISE, Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., July 18, 1865.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post yesterday, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 116, headquarters Department of Pacific, dated May 24, 1865, and that I have this day assumed command of the Sub-District of Boise, as contemplated in General Orderes, No. 36, current series, from department headquarters. A return of the troops serving in the sub-district, showing their respective stations, strength of each camp, &amp;c., is respectfully inclosed herewith. The precise location of the camp in Cames Prairie and the one of Rock Creek is unknown. The reports of the officers in command have not yet been received.

I am, sir respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. M. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Infantry, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 130. Washington, July 28, 1865.

The following general officers, assigned as indicated below, will report in accordance with the instructions herein given:

*		*		*		*		*		*

XVIII. To report by letter for duty to Major General Irvin McDowell, commanding Department of California, Brigadier and Bvt. Major General Edward M. McCook.

XIX. All officers now on duty in the Military District of the Pacific will remain on duty until relieved by proper orderes. All other general officers not named in this order, except those commanidng colored troops, those on staff duty, and those specially detailed in orders from the War Department, will be relieved without delay, and their names reported to the Adjutant-General of the Army. Officeres herein assigned, who are on duty under special assignment by the War Department, will report by letter to their department commanders, and also to the Ajutant-General, stating the nature of their present service, number, and date of order.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

