
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE PACIFIC, No. 1. San Francisco, Cal., August 30, 1865.

I. In compliance with the orders of the President of the United Sates, Major General H. W. Halleck hereby assume command of the Military Division of the Pacific, comprising the Departments of California and the Columbia.

II. All communications and reports not otherwise directed by regulations and orders will be made through the commanding general of departments.

III. Communications for division headquarters will be directed to Lieutenant Colonel Robert N. Scott, assistant adjutant-general of the division.

IV. The following officers of division staff are announced, viz: Lieutenant Colonel Robert N. Scott, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Wager, assistant inspector-general; Major John McL. Taylor, chief commissary; First Lieutenant Henry A. Huntington, Fourth Artillery, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Brigadier General Charles A. Whittier, U. S. Volunteers, on special inspecting duty.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF CALIFORNIA, San Francisco, Cal., December 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel ROBERT N. SCOTT,Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In answer to your letter of yesterday I have to report that, in compliance with General Orders, No. 10, from division headquarters, "to immediately muster out of service such volunteers as could be dispensed with from my command," the following corps were ordered to be mustered out, to wit: The Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, the Eighth California Infantry, six companies of the Fourth California Volunteer Infantry; the three companies of Nevada infantry, the two companies of Nevada cavalry, serving in the department; the battalion of four companies Native California Cavalry. Of these the field and staff and seven companies of the Sixth Regiment have been mustered out (October 25 and 31). Two of the companies of the Sixth were at Summit Lake, beyond the Sierra Nevada, on the road to Idaho. A small company of the Ninth U. S. Infantry (regulars) is on the march to relieve them, and when last heard form was beyond the Sierra. The lateness of the season and the heavy storms will, I fear, obstruct the road and retard the line of march of the companies of the Sixth, and make it impossible to give a date for their arrival and muster-out. Another of the companies of the Sixth Regiment was at Camp Lincoln, near the Indian reservation on Smith River; a company of the Ninth has gone up to relieve it, but the storms were so heavy that the steamer could not bring the volunteers back. They are expected by the next steamer. The field and staff and all the companies of the Eighth Regiment mustered out October 24, except four of the officers on a court-martial. These were mustered out November 7. Five of the companies of the Fourth Regiment mustered out November 30. The other company ordered to be mustered out was serving in Oregon, and has not yet arrived under the orser given at division headquarters.

The company of Nevada infantry serving at Fort Ruby, on the overland route, will be mustered out as soon as the company of the Ninth

