
wagon to Fort Yuma. Where the Morning Light is is in the dark, no destination having been given in Captain Ogden's advices.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, CALIFORNIA MILITIA,Columbia, September 21, 1862.

General G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding, San Francisco:

GENERAL: I have reason to believe there exists in this county a secret organization having for its object the embarrassment of the Government in the prosecution of the war. This spirit breaks out and is shown by cheers for Jeff. Davis and other disloyal practices. About a month since I applied to the Governor as commander-in-chief of the State militia, making the inquiry if anything could be done in the matter through the militia organization. We have as yet failed to obtain the desired authority to suppress this detestable crime. I now make application to you as the general commanding the U. S. forces on this coast, praying you to appoint a good loyal man to act in the capacity of provost-marshal, or any other that may accomplish the desired end, with authority to arrest and confine all persons guilty of uttering publicly disloyal sentiments in this county. And should you conclude to make such an appointment, I beg leave to suggest the name of and recommend Mr. D. O. McCarthy, of Sonora, as eminently qualified for the position, knowing also that the loyal people of this county (Tuolumne) would hail his appointment as a guarantee that the traitors' practices complained of would be effectually stopped.

Hoping you will consider the urgency and importance of the petition as sufficient excuse for trespassing upon your time, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. DOBBIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade, California Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a communication from Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Utah, dated at Fort Ruby, Ruby Valley, September 14, 1862. * Colonel Connor is now on his march to Salt Lake, and I have instructed him to take up his position at the place he suggests, three miles from the city, as that appears to be the best location for the accomplishment of the object in view, viz, the protection of the Overland Mail Route and the due execution of the laws of the United States. The energy of Colonel Connor, coupled with his soud judgment and decision of character, point him out as eminetly fitted for the command with which I have intrusted him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 119.

---------------

