
locate the cavalry camp at a point remote from Fort Fillmore, I respectfully ask permission to have the delivery of the hay for that point changed either to Mesilla or to whatever locality may be deemed most advisable. After detaching one company from Fort Fillmore to relieve the garrison at Craig there will remain but one at the former point. I beg to suggest that I can have matters much in hand by abandoning Fillmore, and askpermission to do so. To watch the approach by Fort Quitman, if a cavalry camp can be found near San Elizario, Captains Pishon and Wellman will be stationed there with scouting parites as far as grazing and water will permit. Captains McCleave and Shirland will alternately move out on that Fort Stanton route. The occupation of Fillmore seems under the circumstances useless, and is embarrassing in consequence of the posts in the district so far outnumbering the facilities for medical attendance. No progress whatever has been made in obtaining wheat and corn in the lower part of the district under the order of the general commanding that the people should sell their grain at $3 per fanega. An agent has been dispatched to that section for the purpose of buying the grain at the price named, and funds for payment have been placed at Franklin. I am in hopes of being able ere long to report greater success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

RUBY VALLEY, NEV. TER., September 24, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The Third Infantry California Volunteers has been in service one year and marched 600 miles; it is well officered and thoroughly drilled; it is of no service on the Overland Mail Route, as there is cavalry sufficient for its protection In Utah District. The regiment will authorize the paymaster to withhold $30,000 of pay now due if the Government will order it east, and it pledges General Halleck never to disgrace the flag, himself, or California. The men enlisted to fight traitors, and can do so more effectually than raw recruits, and ask that they may at least be placed on the same footing in regard to transportation east. If the above sum is insufficient we will pay our own passage from San Francisco to Panama.

By order of the regiment:

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

RUBY VALLEY, September 24, 1862.

(Received 12. 45 p. m. 25th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

My regiment will if ordered east pay their own passage from San Francisco to Panama. Our services are not required here. We desire to strike a blow in this contest.

P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Colonel Commanding Third Infantry California Volunteers.

