
Congress to which General Alvord alludes contemplates permanent defenses at the entrance of Columbia River, and in pursuance of that act I was directed by General Totten, chief engineer, to examine the several points at the entrance of the river and to prepare a project for such defenses, to be submitted to Washington for approval. The several plans and drawings, including surveys, which accompanied my report to the general, left here by the mail of the 20th of last month, and I am in hopes to receive further instructions from the Department about the 20th of next month.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Engineers.

CAMP INDEPENDENCE, OWEN'S RIVER VALLEY,

September 26, 1862.

[HENRY D.] BARROWS,

U. S. Marshal, Southern District of California, Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: By direction from headquarters Department of the Pacific I shall proceed hence to Visalia with a portion of my command, there to spend the winter. I have been further directed to communicate with you in regard to a deputy U. S. marshal for the Southern District of California being appointed by you to reside at Visalia or near my camp. As my duty in Tulare County will be mostly to look out for secesh and to enforce the proclamation of the President in regard to the arrest of traitors, you will see the necessity of a deputy U. S. marshal for the Southern District of California being appointed immediately, to reside in the vicinity of Visalia. I would most respectfully suggest that unless you are acquainted personally with some good, sound Union man in that vicinity to appoint, that in order to save time and bring things straight amongst the traitors of Tulare and surrounding country, you had better send a blank commission to me immediately, with directions as to the amount of bond required, &amp;c., and I will see that it is filled up with the name of some proper person, and that the bond is uly filed, &c.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., September 27, 1862.

(Received 11. 40 p. m. 28th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

It is too late to raise a new regiment and pass it over the southern route this season. The troops on this coast should not be sent beyond my control. They may be needed here.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 27, 1862.

(Received 6. 40 p. m.)

General THOMAS:

I have to request that 20,000 rifle muskets and equipments may be sent here by first steamer.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

