SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 171. San Francisco, Cal., September 27, 1862.

1. The headquarters of the Fourth Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers will be established at Benicia Barracks, to which point Colonel Forman, with the regimental and non-commissioned staff, will repair without delay. Lieutenant Colonel Harvey Lee will proceed on the next steamer to New San Pedro and assume command of the Fourth Infantry companies in camp near that place.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION, Numbers 11. Camp Independence, Cal., September 27, 1862.

I. The commanders of Companies D and I, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will hold themselves in readiness to march hence with their respective companies and all their camp and garrison equiPAGEon Monday morning, September 29, 1862.

II. The commanders of said companies will see that their respective companies are provided with fifteen days' rations from September 30, 1862.

* * * * * * *

By order:

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 27, 1862.

Major General HENRY W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I turst you will have time to read this short private note. In organizing the small force known as the Column from California, and in conducting it over the Yuma and Gila deserts to the Rio Grande, the assistance rendered by my second in command, Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, was of the most efficient character. The zeal, energy, and high soldierly qualities of this officer demand more than a passing notice. He should receive promotion to the grade of brigadier-general of volunteers. I earnestly recommend him to your favorable consideration, not only because he is your personal friend and a Californian, but because of the efficient and important services he has rendered and is rendering, and because of the size and importance of his present trust as commander of the District of Arizona, which comprises the Territory of that name, all of New Mexico south of Fort Thorn, and Northwestern Texas. I beg also to recommend First Lieutenant John B. Shinn, U. S. Third Artillery, and First Lieutenant Franklin Harwood, of the Topographical Engineers, to be brevetted, the former as a major. He is now first for promotion to a captaincy. The latter as a captain. The uncommon labor and zeal shown by these officers in bringing a light battery through the desert, the first one that ever crossed it, and having it always in fighting condition, demand at least this reward. I am sure you will feel that they richly deserve this compliment. I beg you will pardon my trespassing upon your time, but

