
subsistence stores. You will also send here all Government wagons under your control except forty, which you will employ in getting your supplies from Fort Yuma, loading them as above. You are authorized to keep, in addition to the Fort Yuma train, such post trains as may be absolutely required at Tucson.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 27, 1862.

Captain HENRY B. MELLEN,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Fort Crook:

(Through Hinchman &amp; Barlett, Red Bluffs, Cal.)

SIR: The department commander has received information which leads to the belief that the party of Indians against which you were directed to operate are marauding on the Chico road in the direction of Mountain Meadows. As the emigration into the northern part of this State is now passing over that route, the general desires you to afford it all the protection in your power, in addition to the other duties assigned you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, September 28, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders from the general commanding, Lieutenant-Colonel Rigg left Mesilla this morning with Companies F and I, First, and B, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to relieve the garrison at Fort Craig. A train of twenty wagons accompanied this command, under orders to proceed to Peralta and report to Captain Enos, assistant quartermaster. Under similar instructions Captain Fritz's company (B), First Cavalry California Volunteers, marched for Tucson this morning with a train of twenty wagons. The instructions to the commanding officer at Tucson have been already transmitted to you. Eight days elapsed since I first received the orders for these movements. The delay has been caused by the necessity of sending to San Elizario, Tex., for forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Judd's Valley, September 28, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions I left Camp Drum on the 18th instant with Companies C and E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers. I have examined the country around Battle, Antelope, Deer, and Mill Creeks. From information received at Red Bluff I supposed

