
that the Indians would be among the canons of the above-named creeks, but within a circuit of about twenty miles found no signs, except what were about three weeks old. Not considering that any good can be accomplished by remaining, I have directed Lieutenant Berry to send a detachment from his company to scout among the foothills in the direction of Chico, and if nothing can be discovered to return to the Bluff and report for orders. Information reached me yesterday that a settler living in Mountain Meadows had been killed by the Indians. I shall proceed with Company C in that direction and inquire into the matter, and after ecamining the country in that region shall go to Fort Crook by that route. I believe that the Indians who have been committing depredations in Tehama Country are roving bands, who make their raids and immediately retreat to the mountains, assisted in every way by those who are in a measure domesticated at the different ranches along the Sacrament River. And it is the opinio of every settler with whom I have talked that, so long as they are allowed to remain, there will be trouble. Some believe that the pet Indians are the ones who commit all the depredations, leaving the ranches for a foray, and as soon as any expeditions are sent out quietly return to their homes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MELLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION,Camp Independence, Cal., September 30, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: The order directing me to proceed to Visalia with two companies Second Cavalry California Volunteers did not come to hand until day before yesterday, the 28th. On yesterday, the 29th, I started the command, and will leave here myself to-day and overtake them at the Big Lake. The wagons will hae to go by the way of Walker's Pass ank Keysville (the only wagon road, and that almost impassable), but I shall take one company from the foot of the lake without wagons or packs, the men taking rations in their haversacks, and attempt to travel straight across the mountains into Visalia. I think that I can reach Visalia in this way by the 6th or 7th of October, wilst it would take until the 14th or 15th to go around by the road. I adopt this course for the reason that Doctor George informs me by private letter that there are wagons on the road from Stockton with stores for the command, and it may not be safe to have them in the vicinity of Visalia without troops to guard them. Again, by going across the mountains and geting into Visalia in the night I may possibly catch the notorious traitor Baker, who would be sure to know of my coming and escape if I should go to the road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 30, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. RIPLEY, U. S. Army,

Chief of Ordnance Department, Washington City, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since my communication to you of the 27th of August inclosing a requisition for heavy ordnance for the mouth of the Columbia

