
[JULY 9, 1862. -For Canby to Carleton, relating to operations, &amp;c., see Vol. IX, p. 682.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 10, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My latest dates from the Department of Oregon are to July 1, when all was quiet, andmy latest dates from General Carleton are of June 18, which I inclosed yesterday to you, with certain other papers. The expedition has thus far been a perfect success. Our army, with all its supplies, has advanced and passed many deserts without loss of men or property. Arizona is recovered and now held under martial law, awaiting for the re-establishment of the civil powers, and the Column from California is advancing eastward to co-operate with the forces in New Mexico. In preparing the expedition under General Carleton, as well as the one under Colonel Connor, for the protection of the mailroute, we have been compelled to make large purchase, principally of mules and means of transportation; but I can assure the Department that in all cases the greatest economy consistent with the good of the service has been practiced. The great difficulty is to guard the public interest over such a vast extent of country, with many small posts, some a thousand or more miles distant. However, the losses which the Government will sustain in this department, I am happy to say, will be small, and but a small portion of that can be set down to the unfaithfulness of officer or agents.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 10, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Captain S. S. Marsh, Second Infantry, commanding escort for the military road to Fort Benton, reports that he will reach Fort Walla Walla on the 15th instant. Lieutenant Hughes states that the day he left that post (the 1st of July) he saw the expressman just in from the Bitter Root Valley, who said that Lieutenant Mullan left Hell Gate on the 23rd of May, for Fort Benton, with the intention of returning from that point, working this way in the completion of the road. There appear to have been no Indian troubless in the Bitter Root Valley.

Much delay must occur at Fort Walla Walla in paying off his employes, and in resting and recruiting his command. If Captain Marsh, under your instructions of the 4th of June, attempts to return to Lieutenant Mullan, he can not reach the Bitter Root Valley until the middle of September, when he must soon return to escape the snows of November.

Under these circumstances, I respectfully recommend that your instructions of the 4th of June be countermanded, and that said command be ordered to join their respective companies.

I shall probably assume the responsibility, very reluctantly, of detaining the command to await your reply, especially as the additional

