HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 30, 1862.

Major J. S. RINEARSON,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Camp Lapwai, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Rumors have reached these headquarters that white men, lost alike to a sense of duty and humanity, are mixing among the Indians in your locality, instilling into their minds a disregard for the peace of the frontiers, and under a pretext that the Government is powerless to protect or punish, to incite them to revolt, and with it all the horrors of rapine and murder. The general commanding directs that you arrest and hold subject to his disposition any person or persons caught in the act (or when reliable information is furnished you of such fact) of inciting, advising, or in any way encouraging disaffection and revolt among the Indians. While you are expected to use these instructions with discretion, you are nevertheless to act with promptitued and vigor, and not to hesitate, if necessary, to tuse the force at your command for the purpose above set forth. Similar instructions have been furnished to Colonel J. Steinberger, commanding at Fort Walla Walla.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 1, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: The course pursued by you with reference to the movement of troops from Fort Yuma is approved by the general commanding. The general directs that you will leave two companeis at Fort Yuma, the captain of one, to be a reliable man, as commanding officer of the post. With the other two and your headquarters you will move to New San Pedro, bringing Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins to the latter place. Should Colonel Dobbins tender his resignation you will forward the same, granting him leave of absence; otherwise the general will consider the propriety of discharging him from the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., October 1, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that by virtue of General Orders, Numbers 20, headquarters District of Arizona, Las Cruces, N. Mex., September 5, 1862, I was relieved in command of the District of Western Arizona and of the post and town of Tucson on the 27th ultimo by Major Theo. A. Coult, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and on the 29th ultimo was relieved as chief commissary of the Column from California by Captain N. S. Davis, First Infantry California Volunteers, and by the same order directed to proceed to La Libertad and examine the intermediate country with a view to the transportation of supplies, ascertain the resources of the country on the route, and also the availability of Lobos Bay as a port where military supplies destined for Arizona

