
may be landed; then to repair in person to the headquarters of the District of Arizona, and make a report of my examination of the port of Lobos route to the general commanding the Column from California, and as soon thereafter as practicable to assume command of my regiment, the First Cavalry California Volunteers. I would remark that there is a confusion in regard to Lobos Bay and Libertad. They are entirely distinct and separate places, as I understand. As soon as Major Could, commanding, shall be able to give me an escort I shall start on this duty. I can find no odometer here, and no ambulance or spring wagon has been left to carry instruments. Thus my reconnaissance will be one such as I will dislike to make. I am detailed to General Carleton as a member of a military commission to convene at this place on the 6th instant. The cavalry force at this post does not exceed nine privates for duty, and it is doubtful if the new commander of Arizona will permit the detachment under Lieutenant Wardwell, which left here on the 9th ultimo, to return.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Fort Ruby, October 1, 1862.

[Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:]

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in consequence of the non-arrival of supplies I have been unable to advance from this post to my destination. Some supplies have arrived, sufficient to warrant me to leave to-morrow. I would respectfully ask for instructions as to the kind of quarters I am to erect whether temporary cantonments, or to erect with a view to permanency. Captain Rowe desires to withdraw his resignation. He presented it under excitement on account of Captain McLean's ranking him. I approved it, as I have made it a rule to so do under all circumstances. The captain has proven himself an efficient and intelligent officer since joining my command, although do not approve of his course at Fort Churchill last winter. As a military necessity I would respectfully recommend that the order accepting his resignation be rescinded, as the two companies of cavalry now with me are commanded by second lieutenants of little experience. Captain Price is on sick leave, and Captains Smith and McLean have gone with Major McGarry. The inclosed letter of instructions explains itself. Captain Smith's company left day before yesterday for Gravelly Ford, with instructions to scour the country in that vicinity well before joining the major. Inclosed I have the honor to forward a regimental order made by Major McGarry, changing his afjutant. Since my arrival at this post I have had sufficient timber cut and huled to erect winter quarters, store-house, &amp;c., for the command to remain here, viz, Companies C and F, of my regiment. The labor has all been done and several buildings partly erected by a few estra-duty men, the police, and teams of the command. It is necessary and important that I should have money to pay for such supplies as I am compelled to purchase of the Mormons, viz, forage, beef, &c. Otherwise Brigham may seize the want of it as a pretext to prevent his people from supplying me. The people of Uhat are under the impression that I am to winter at Fort Crittenden, and I am credibly informed by letter this morning that the flag-staff at Fort Crittenden was cut down since my visit and hauled away by Brigham's order. The staff belonged to the reservation, and

