
its proximity to the headquarters of this district and its distance from and the difficulty of communication with the headquarters of the District of Arizona, I respectfully suggest that it be included within the limits of this district. My principal objecct in making this suggestion is that the garrison may be changed at stated periods, if it is the intention of the colonel commanding to maintain a garrison there during the coming winter. I would respectfully recomend, if it is the intention for the troops on the Rio Grande to draw their supplies from Santa Fe, and there will in consequence to no supply trains passing over the road between here and Mesilla, that the garrison be withdrawn during the winter months. The locality is decidedly unhealthy, and I am informed by reliable persons that during the winter season the snow falls there from three to five feet in depth. During the period of my stay at Fort Bowie I do no think a single man escaped having an attack of fever, and some came very near dying. The garrison there have no protection save tents, and there are no stoves here to send them. The place can be dismantled, and, if necessary, reoccupied in the spring. If, however, it is the intention of the colonel commanding to maintain a force there during the winter, I think it proper that other troops should take their turn at that outpost duty. I have to report that a small supply of medicines, ordered for Fort Barrett, arrived at this post yesterday, and as the hospital here and at Fort Bowie were utterly destitute of medicines of all kinds, I stopped this supply for use at these posts. Captain Davis, with the officers and men now here and at Fort Bowie, belonging to companies on the Rio Grande, with a small train of wagons, will start for Mesilla about the 10th of this month.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 2, 1862.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have to-day received the Special Orders, Numbers 168, of the 23rd ultimo, from department headquarters, ordering Captain Crowninshield's company of Fourth California Volunteer Infantry to San Francisco. I desire again respectfully to request, as I did on the 19th of July, that the general commanding will not direct that any more companies of California volunteers be removed from this district. There are now but sixteen companies in it. Two companies of the Fourth California Volunteers remain, viz, Captain Fitch's, at Fort Dalles, and Captain Scott's, at Fort yamhill. If anything in the internal condition or demoralization of Company E, at Fort Steilacoom, renders its removal advisable, I desire to say that I know of nothing of the kind in reference to the other two companies. The frontiers of this district are nearly as extensive as California, with a much smaller population; therefore it would not of place for California volunteers to remain in Oregon. On the 17th ultimo, as shown in my Special Orders, Numbers 67, of that date, forwarded to you, the organization of Captain W. V. Spencer's company (F), First Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry, was completed and it was mustered into the service. But little progress (twenty-seven recruits last date) is made with the company attempted

