
to be raised at Olympia, and the last tri-monthly report from Fort Walla Walla does not report any raised there, as it was proposed.

I have the honor to be, very resptectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. - In a few days I shall send a detailed report on Indian affairs, showing that on account of the occupation by the whites of that country the establishment of a post near Fort Boise next spring will be desirable.

B. A.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 175. San Francisco, Cal., October 3, 1862.

1. Captain William M. Dowling's company, Washington Territory Volunteers, will proceed on the next steamer to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., whence it or some other company of the same regiment will be sent to Fort Dalles to relieve the company of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers. When relieved the latter will be sent by the district commander by first opportunity to Benicia, Cal. The quartermaster's and commissary departments will provide the necessary transportation and subsistence.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., October 3, 1862.

Colonel JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Mesilla:

COLONEL: I have received your letter of the 24th ultimo. * The anomaly of the column and of the district will have to be tolerated until the matter is decided in relation to the absorbing of the column into the force of this department. If the duties cannot be done without too much embarrassment we must see what will remedy the matter. The orders in relation to affairs in Arizona which you say you lack to enable you to attend to the current business have never been issued; that is to say, the troops were left at Tucson and at Fort Bowie to attend to all matters needful to the service, without having specific instructions on all points. I propose to keep a train running from Tucson to Fort Yuma and back that supplies may accumulate at Tucson for future contingencies. A six months' supply drawn from Tucson should be kept at Apache Pass (Fort Bowie). The garrison at Tucson should be two companies of infantry and one of cavalry. This will enable one company of infantry and one of cavalry to take the field against Indians, to furnish necessary escorts, &amp;c., while a company of infantry guards the depot of supplies. The troops at Fort Bowie are to fight the Apache Indians in that vicinity whenever found, and are to help people, by escorts, through the pass whenever necessary. (See the orders establishing that post.) No flour or other subsistence stores are to be purchased in any part of your district if they can be

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

