
furnished from the depots at Fort Yuma or Fort Craig. You are at liberty to order the men of Captain Joseph Smith's company from Fort Bowie to Mesilla. Mangus Colorado sends me word he wants peace, but I have no faith in him; nor have I faith in the belief that the Indians have permanently left the Apache Pass. The garrison there should now be on its guard, as there are no signs of Indians about. Give instructions that all specie funds which Captain Morris may have brought to Tucson will be sent to the Rio Grande, where these funds will not be expended until further advices from these headquarters. It may be necessary for Lieutenant Coleman to be sent to the Pima Villages to clear up any difficulty about the tickets he gave the Indians for wheat. (See Major Fergusson's letter on this subject, dated September 10, 1862, herewith inclosed. *) I desire that you furnish these headquarters with copies of all letters, orders, and instructions of any importance which you may issue. Order Lieutenant Bennett, Second Cavalry, to join his company. captain Daivs must come forward at once. When he arrives at Mesilla order him to report to me, bringing with him such papers as may be necessary to a full understanding of all his means of transportation. It will be better for him to bring with him all his papers and all the funds for which he may be responsible which he has on hand in either the quartermaster's or subsistence department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT CHURCHILL, NEV. TER., October 3, 1862.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I had a talk with Governor Nye several days ago. He was very positive that the secessionists are moving in this Territory, and thought there was a band of guerrillas out near Ruby Valley, &amp;c. His information was gained from a man at gold Hill who is a secessionist and very rich, but being afraid of having his property confiscated, the Governor says, is giving him information which I think is all gammon. Probably one-third of the population of this Territory are secession sympathizers. None have as yet refused to take the oath of allegiance. There is considerable excitement at Carson, Gold Hill, and Virginia Cities about reported secession movements. I think it is helped along from the fact that there are a number of persons whose interest it would be to have a large number of troops at these places, and also those who sympathize with the rebels are always starting and helping along reports. There were a number of rebel bummers at these places without any visible means of support, who have gone off somewhere, probably some had means given them to go east. One party of secessionists of fifteen persons going east were attacked by the Indians on the Humboldt, and all but one supposed to be killed. I do not think from the information I cold gairn from the emigrants who came that route that secessionists have anything to do with the Indian difficulties there. There are Mormons keeping ferries in the neighborhood of the Indian troubles who sell ammunition and arms to them, and if there are any trains worth robbing the Indians are sure to be informed of it the these scoundrels, and probably a few white men who are rebels to all governments. The Indians have good arms, and

---------------

* PAGE109.

---------------

