
on the approach of the troops retreat into the mountains, where they are inaccessible to an immediate attack. They ought to be completely wiped out, which could only be done by establishing a post there well provisioned and clotehd and armed in the winter time. The winters are very cold, but it is the best time to hunt them.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. BROWN.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Olympia, Wash. Ter., October 3, 1862.

General B. ALVORD,

Commandant of Oregon Mil. Dist., Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that on my return home at the first of the present week I immediately advised the Commissioner of your having issued more explicit orders to the officers in command east of the mountains to prevent trespass on the lands of the Indians and to suppress the traffic in liquor. I find much uneasiness and dissatisfaction among the Nez Perce Indians, which is spreading amongst the adjoining tribes, and am well satisfied that there is good reason to fear a serious outbreak there before the winter sets in unless great watchfulness and care shall be exercised. The removal of trespassers from their grazing and agricultural lands and the breaking up of the whisky shops scattered throught the reservation, if done thoroughly, judiciously, and speedily, will have much to do with allaying the excitement and restoring the confidence of the Indians. I have therefore respectfully to ask that you will not at present diminish the force now placed there or permit them to relax any of their efforts to secure the faithful observance of treatry stipulations until I can see you again, as it is my purpose to return to that region in the course of a week or two that I may satisfy myself more fully as to the indications. I trust also that you will instruct Major Rumrill, at Fort Colville, to use every means in his power to secure the faithful observance of the amendment of last session to the intercourse act, as it refers particularly to the introducng to introduce spirituous liquors, &amp;c., into an Indian country. The whole of that upper region comes under that denomination, and the introduction of ardent spirits for the purpose of traffic in any shape is expressly forbidden, and the provisions of the law for its exclusion should be enforced to the very letter where parties are knowingly and willfully persisting in these violations.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. H. HALE,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs Washington Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 4, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am still without late advices from Brigadier-General Carleton. I have received dispatches from Major D. Fergusson, First Cavalry, commanding in Arizona, dated at Tucson, 18th of September. He had heard nothing from General Carleton since the 4th of August. General Carleton's force is deemed ample, in co-operation with that previously in New Mexico, to hold securely that country; or even, should it

