
transportation he brings will be very valuable at the present moment at Fort Walla Walla.

Your dispatches from Lieutenant Mullan no doubt give you all the facts. No letters from him for these headquarters arrived by this express.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 10, 1862.

Captain S. S. MARSH,

Second Infty., Commanding Escort to Military Road Expedition,

Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: Is there any Indian trouble, or prospect of any, in Bitter Root Valley? If Lieutenant Mullan can prosecute his work the remainder of the season in safety, it would be very hard to send your command (under the instructions of 4th of June) back to Bitter Root after so long an absence. You would scarce have a breathing spell after reaching Bitter Root Valley in September, for you would soon have to return to escape the snows of November. If I was a department commander I would be able to countermand the orders of 4th of June from headquarters Department of the Pacific. Write me freely (directing to the acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters), giving your views as to the necessities of Lieutenant Mullan. Would he be embarrassed if I should countermand the order? As he is supplied with a copy of that order, he may make arrangements founded on your return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., July 11, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 7th instant Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord assumed command of the district of Oregon. The condition of affairs in the district is highly satisfactory. Inclosed herewith is a copy of a communication, dated on the 3rd instant, from Colonel Justus Steinberger, First Washington Territory Infantry, the predecessor of General Alvord. * The activity and zeal displayed by Colonel Steinberger and the admirable arrangements he has made to maintain the peace and quiet of the district, and to afford protection for the approaching emigration, in accordance with the instructions I had given him, deserve my warmest praise, and I take great pleasure in commending him to the consideration of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 3.

---------------

