
to Tucson; that the said troops left Mesilla in January and arrived at Tucson in February, 1862; that the said detachment was composed of Captain Hunter's company and Lieutenant-Colonel Reily's escort; that the whole number of the said detachment, including employes, did not exceed 105 men; that the means of transportation consisted of three wagons; that they had no artillery; that the men were all mounted and well armed; that the said detachment was the only Confederate forces that occupied Tucson, or any part of the Territory of Arizona west of the Pinos Altos Mines; that the escort of Colonel Reily consisted of thirty men; that the colonel returned to the Rio Grande with his escort in March, 1862, and that Hunter's company after that time was not re-enforced, and that its numbers did not exceed seventy-five men from that time until it left the town of Tucson in May, 1862, for the Rio Grande; that his company was not drilled nor disciplined during its stay in Tucson so far as he (Stevens) knows, and he had every means of knowing, being a resident of Tucson during the time the said company occupioed it; that the horses of the said company were kept in the corral of the Overland Mail Company; and that the men of the said Hunter's company slept each wherehe liked, in any part of town he chose, as a general thing, while the said company occupied Tucson.

H. S. STEVENS.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 3rd day of October, 1862, at Tucson, Ariz. Ter.

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

Mark Aldrich and M. G. Gay, of Tucson, Ariz. Ter., being duly sworn, depose and say that they are acquainted with Hiram Stevens, who made the foregoing affidavit, and that they were residents of Tucson during its occupation by the troops of the Confederate States between the months of February and May, 1862; that the statements made by the said Hiram Stevens in regard to the numbers, discipline, &amp;c., of the said Confederate troops are correct and true to the best of their knowledge and belief.

M. ALDRICH.

M. G. GAY.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 3rd day of October, A. D. 1862, at Tucson, Ariz. Ter.

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]

DEAR THEODORE: I write this letter in hopes that it may reach you by some good luck. I am, as you may know, in command of this Territory as civil and military governor, having come up in July last with 375 men--thrashed and took prisoners all the troops at Fort Fillmore, 700 in number, and have held the country until the arrival of General Sibley with 4,000 Texans, who are now en route for Fort Craig, where Colonel Canby is, with 1,200 regulars and 2,800 greasers, all of whom will get used up in no time when the fight comes off. [I take] it for granted that you are with us. So far Mr. Lincoln is not making much headway in suppressing the rebellion. He has got himself thrashed in every fight from Manassas to Mesilla, and to-day we dare them to attack us at any point. I have only to say that I would be glad to see [you] with us, and the way is open. Sister is with me at Galveston [sic] who is Captain Wharton now and quartermaster. She wrote to you, but I have had no chance to send the letter. She was well by last better from San Antonio. Our family are all in the rebellion. I am [sic] and when the Union is restored by force of arms it will be when there is not a battalion of Southern men left to fight. I rely on your coming to me, for I can now aid you and give you a position; so come and bring with you in your own way all who want to fight for Dixie's Land.

Yours,

JNO R. BAYLOR.

