HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 4, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: By your letter of instructions of the 11th of July quarters at Fort Walla Walla for four companies of Oregon cavalry and two companies of infantry were directed to be placed in readiness. There are five companies of Oregon cavalry in that vicinity. Unles I receive orders from your office to the contrary I propose to order one of those companies after they reach Fort Walla Walla on the 1st of November to take post at Fort Dallas. Preparations for it have been made at that post. I shall probably order Major Rinearson, of First Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, to command at that post, the company under his command at Camp Lapwai, near Lewiston, accompanying him thither. The Nez Perce Indians near his camp are very restive under the occupation of their reservation by the whites. There are many dissatisfied spirits among them, under Eagle of the Light. Congress having appropriated $40,000 to enable the Indian Department to extinguish the Indian title to a portion or to the whole of the reservation, the hope is entertained that some satisfactory arrangement may eventually be made with that tribe. Major Rinearson appears to have made strenuous efforts, but with little sucess, to break up the sale of liquor to the Indians. The chiefs have a very creditable desire to prevent the traffic.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, October 5, 1862.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I arrived at the post with my command to-day by the way of Big Meadows. On my arrival at that place I received information that the party who went in pursuit of the Indians who committed the depredation in Mountain Meadows had returned, having trailed the Indians to the vicinity of Eagle Lake and killing 2 and taking 2 prisoners. Came down the Lawson trail to the Honey Lake emigrant road. Met several trains, the members of which reported no trouble since leaving Humboldt. I left two non-commissioned officers and six men to patrol the road between Honey Lake and Hot Creek Station, as they only difficulty to be apprehended in that neighborhood would be of those Indians stampeding the cattle of small parties, and that force would, I think, be sufficient for that duty. It having been reported that a band of Indians had assembled on Canon Creek, some thiryt miles to the southeast, I sent a scout in that direction, whom I expect to return in three days, when, if necessary, I shall proceed in that direction. During my absence one Bailey, from Oregon, whose brother was killed in Big Valley last year, came here to get his remains, and while in the valley killed three squaws, which may result in giving me some trouble. The Indian guide, Pugh, has several trusty natives under his control, and employs them in hunting the hiding places of the neighboring tribes, and through them I shall endeavor to keep myself posted as to their movements. The trouble reported at Mountain Meadows amounted to killing one man by a party of Eagle Lake Indians, the pursuit of whom was

