
ended on my arrival in the vicinity. My provisions being exhausted, I was obliged to return, but shall again go out on receiving the necessary information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MELLEN,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 6, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to forward a copy of a dispatch of the 22nd ultimo from Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, commanding the expedition upon the emigrant road. * He was encamped on Bruneau River, about forty miles from Salmon Falls. You will perceive that he proposes to start on the 28th ultimo on his return. So far as I can learn, the emigrants who kept the old road south of Snake River have had little trouble from Indians. Those who crossed Snake River above Fort Hall and kept north of that river, trying to get to the Salmon River mines, have been in some instances attacked by the Snakes, who have also attacked travelers east of Fort Hall. Colonel Maury and Captain Crawford, commanding the expedition of seventy-five men enrolled in Nebraska Territory, have naturally kept the old emigrant road. You will notice that Colonel Maury reports an emigration this autumn of about 1,300 wagons with 8,000 people.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 6, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander desires you to reduce the garrison of Fort Gaston by one company, believing the remaining force (two companies) sufficient for the protection of that point. While affording the greatest possible protection to the various settlements, you will have the least number of posts practicable for permanent locations. All small detachments should be withdrawn and the troops concentrated at the points suitable to commence a vigorous winter campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Salem, Oreg., October 7, 1862.

General B. ALVORD:

DEAR SIR: The Legislature has under consideration a militia law; and there is a question under our constitution as to what officers are

---------------

*See Part I, p. 167.

---------------

