
to be appointed by the Governor and which are elective. The question arises as to which are "the chief officers of the general staff" and which are "officers of the line. " Herewith I send you a copy of our constitution* and call your attention to sections 3 and 4, article 10. Who are "officers of the line?" Where is the distinction between "line" and 'staff?" There is a difference of opinion here. If our constitution means anything I presume you are perfectly familiar with the rule that should govern, and you will place me under renewed obligations by giving me information upon these points at your earliest convenience. Any general suggestions you may be pleased to make on the organization of the militia will be gratefully received. Doctor McBride has just returned from the Powder River mines, and he told me this morning that, in his opinion, there will be trouble with the Indians in that vicinity; that the Indians had informed the miners that they might dig gold, but must not take their lands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 7, 1862.

Major J. S. RINEARSON,

First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, or

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Camp Lapwai, near Lewiston, Idaho Ter.:

SIR: You are hereby directed not to move with your command to Fort Walla Walla until you receive further orders from these headquarters. I expect to leave in a few days for Fort Walla Walla and Lewiston, probably in company with the two superintendents of Indian affairs.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 55. Mesilla, October 7, 1862.

I. In obedience to Department Special Orders, Numbers 173, Light Company A, Third Artillery, and Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will be held in readiness to march for Fort Craig by the commander of Camp Johnson under such instructions as will be communicated to him. In case any men of these companies shall be unable from sickness to travel, their descriptive rolls will be left in the proper hands.

II. Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers, upon the return of the detachment now on a mission into Texas under Lieutenant French, will report at its regimental headquarters. The detachment of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, now stationed near San Elizario, Tex., will remain there, or at such point in that vicinity as Captain Nathaniel J. Pishon shall approve of, until further orders.

* * * * * *

By order of Colonel West:

W. L. RYNERSON,Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

