HEADQUARTERS CAMP DRUM,October 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I arrived at this encampment on the 7th instant, and in obedience to the requirements of Special Orders, Numbers 171, Department of the Pacific, I assume command of Companies F, G, and H, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, now stationed here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY LEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP BARBITT,Near Visalia, October 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that pursuant to instructions from headquarters Department of the Pacific I have this day selected a permanent camp in the neighborhood of Visalia. Said camp is situated about one mile north of the town of Visalia, and has been by me named, subject to the approval of the general commanding, Camp Babbitt, in honor of the deputy quartermaster-general of the Pacific Department, Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Babbitt. I have further to report, pursuant to said instructions, that flour can be purchased at $5 per 100 pounds, barley at 2 cents [per pound], hay from $20 to $25 per ton, according to quality; wood from $3 to $4 per cord, and beef at 5 cents per pound, and that all such articles can be procured from loyal citizens. All supplies other than those mentioned will have to be shipped by way of Stockton.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, October 8, 1862.

Lieutenant BEN. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your instructions from department headquarters for the movement of Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to Fort Craig, and Light Company A, Third Artillery, to Albuquerque. There have been heavy rains here for the last four days, which retarded bringing grain up from San Elizario. In all probability these companies cannot be moved for a week. The want of forage on hand here, and the neglect of advice of what is being collected below (for which Captain Roberts, First Infantry California Volunteers, has been placed under arrest), has caused me some temporary embarrassment, and until obviated will prevent the prompt execution of orders for any movement. I therefore send twenty wagons to Fort Craig for grain by permission of the general commanding. Upon its receipt no more delays need occur. Lieutenant-Colonel Rigg

