HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., July 11, 1862.

Brigadier General, BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Voluneters,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The department commander desires you to relieve Lieutenant Hughes, Ninth Infantry, from duty at our headquarters and direct him to proceed to Fort Walla Walla and assume the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and commissary at that post. Lieutenant Hughes will be instructed to send in estimates for repairing or constructing quarters for six companies, four of cavalry and two of infantry; the buildings to be ready for occupation this fall. Forage for the public animals will also be procured. In making these expenditures, the general requires the strictest economy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjtutant-General.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Salem, Oreg., July 11, 1862.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: Your favor of the 8th instant, soliciting information from the files of this office concerning the outrages committed by the Snake Indians upon the emigrants near Salmon Falls in the fall of 1860, was received yesterday. In reply I have to say that the records of this office do not furnish the information which you desire, or which would materially assist you in your expedition. There is, however, residing in this city Mr. Joseph Myers, one of the survivors of that terrible tragedy. I have had a personal interview with Mr. Myers, and he feels confident of this ability to identify some of the Indians engaged in the massacre wherever he should see them. One in particular he describes as being of medium size, rather slim, blind in one eye, with long hair, generally pulled down over the blind eye, with considerable beard, especially on the upper lip; another one of rather low stature and very fleshy. The Indian first described came to their camp on Rock Creek, beyond Salmon Falls, and followed the train until the attack was made, and remained during the entire fight. Mr. Myers and family were present during the entire attack, traveling in the night and fighting in the daytime. He is well prepared to give you full information on many points, and I am confident would be of great service to the expedition. He expresses a willingness to accompany the military, provided arrangements can be made for the support of his family during his absence. He is in indigent circumstances (having lost his all on that occasion), with a wife and six children to support, five of whom were with him when the outrage was perpetrated. He refers me to two others, young men, Jacob and Samuel Rieth, who are now somewhere in the Salmon River mines. They were also of the party. In connection with this subject I desire to say that an appren made for negotiating some treaty of friendship with the Snake Indians, and measures are now on foot to secure the Indians' consent to a meeting with an agent of the Government for this purpose. It is my earnest desire as soon as instructions are received from the Department to proceed at once to thiw work, and if possible prevent any similar occurrence. Should the instructions be received during the time this expedition will remain out I desire to

