
been suggested to me by the Members of Congress, as well as other officers of Government, both civil and military, if you would write to the Secretary of the Interior, and the Commissioner or Indian Affairs, stating "that you have been made fully acquainted with the policy of the superintendent of Indian affairs in the northern district in securing Smith's River Valley for the coast and Round Valley for the interior Indians, and that you fully indorse it good," as set forth in my last reports, it would accomplish much in securing the object desired.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintending Agent Indian Affairs, Northern Dist. of California.

CAMP LINCOLN, CAL., October 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that a large number of the Humboldt County Indians, recently placed upon Smith's River Valley Reservation, have escaped. The number approximates 400, including all the worst men. So soon as I could learn the direction they had taken, Captain M. O'Brien, Second Infantry California Volunteers, was dispatched in pursuit and returned to camp without success. Information has since been received that they rafted themselves across the Klamath, proceeding south. Indians inclined to leave Smith's River Reservation can do so at any time, favored by the forest of redwoods by which it is surrounded and by the topography of the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Major Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp.

OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS,

NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, October 10, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT:

SIR: Inclosed please find copies of letters from my supervisor at Round Valley Indian Reservation; also one written, I suppose J. Henley, who was one of my predecessors, and who has sons owning farms in the valley. The letter had no signature, which, I think, was simply an omission. In an interview with our Congressman, T. G. Phelps, last evening, he expressed himself thus: "See General Wright; inform him about the annoyances, the Indians that have been killed by the white people in the valley from time to time, the destruction of the Indian crops, their driving away the Indians, and threats to kill the rest of them if they don't leave, &amp;c., and ask him to declare martial law in all the valley, for the whole is now an Indian military reservation. " Colonel Henely informed me that before he surveyed the whole valley into a reservation and gave notice that it should not be settled on any further, more than half the settlers that are now in the valley were in it then. The truth is, there are not five good Union men in the valley, except my employes, as the several elections show.

Mr. Phelps thinks "that when you see the necessity for such a course you will order sufficient troops to at once remove every man from the

