
valley and then take possession of the same, and let them present their claims to Government for the damages sustained, and the Government will pay all loyal men for any such losses. " If ever a case of military necessity of the kind existed this is one, and I make the above suggestion to you at the instance of Mr. Phelps. Should all the Indians be driven off, as I fear they will, a war of extermination will inevitably be the result, and it would be too humiliating on the part of the Government to be thus coerced into purchasing farms and provisions (which have been nearly all made by Indian labor) after they have thus killed our Indians and destroyed our crops. I would be pleased to hear from you on this subject at your earliest convenience.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEORGE M. HANSON,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Northern Dist. of California.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ROUND VALLEY, CAL., August 23, 1862.

Honorable G. M. HANSON:

DEAR SIR: I should not again have addressed you so soon, had it not been for the fact, or receipt of a visit from Colonel Lippitt. It was agreed upon by the party following Colonel Lippitt, Colonel Henley, and myself, that information should be given you, that you might come in company with Sargent, and meet here, and, if possible, devise some means to purchase the surplus produce in this valley, which is thought sufficient until the season comes round, and which can be done in case Sargent will agree to use his best endeavors to obtain an appropriation taking the whole valley, or, in other words, buying them all out. Do not delay this visit.

Truly, yours,

JAMES SHORT,

Supervisor Round Valley Reservation.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] ROUND VALLEY, September 25, 1862.

Honorable G. M. HANSON:

SIR: It becomes my duty to inform you that the whole of the Con Cow and Hat Creek tribes of Indians pulled up stakes yesterday evening and left. The settlers have succeeded in destroying a large portion of the crops of small grain and the entire crop of corn (over 100 acres). We have found as high as seven slip gaps of one morning, where they had raised up the corners of the fence, put in chunks and slipped out the rails, until the largest hogs could walk in. And when they had destroyed the crops, they then told the Indians there was nothing for them to east, that they would have to starve or steal, and if they did not leave they would kill them. There were quite a number of the settlers came in about the time they left, I suppose, to see that all went off right. I did not attempt to prevent them by force, for I knew it would be useless, as I could do nothing alone, when every person in the valley was doing all they could do to put them off. Old Reese, after my feeding him all the winter, came here and told the Indians "to leave and go back to their homes, that there was no reservation any longer; that it had gone in. " Several of the citizens went up and spent the first night with the Indians on Eel River as they journeyed on. On their return, some brought their squaws back with them, &amp;c. Smith told

