SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 58. Mesilla, October 10, 1862.

I. The troops at Fort Fillmore are ordered withdrawn, and will repair to Mesilla and join the garrison of that post. The sick and the hospital department will be removed to-morrow. Acting Assistant Surgeon Kittridge will report to Surgeon Prentiss on reaching Mesilla.

* * * * * *

By order of Colonel West:

W. L. RYNERSON,Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[OCTOBER 11, 1862. --For Carleton to West, relating to expeditions against the Mescalero Indians, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, p. 580.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 11, 1862.

Honorable A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

Who are "officers of the line?" The third section of the tenth article of the constitution of Oregon says: "The Governor shall appoint the adjutant-general and the other chief officers of the general staff and his own staff, and all officers of the line shall be elected by the persons subject to military duty in their respective districts. "

My opinion is requested as to the meaning of the term "all officers of the line" in the above paragraph. I understand by this all regimental and company officers, colonels, lieutenant-colonels, majors, captains, first lieutenants, or second lieutenants, either of infantry, cavalry, or artillery. I understand the constitution to confer upon the Governor the appointment of all other officers, that is, the officers of every branch of the staff. (See Colonel H. L. Scott's Military Dictionary, p. 389.) The phrase "officers of the general staff" must include all officers not regimental, including general officers. (See Halleck's Military Act, p. 236, first edition.)

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

LEWISTON, October 11, 1862.

Colonel STEINBERGER,

Walla Walla:

SIR: At a meeting held in this town a short time since the citizens drew up a series of resolutions and also a memorial, which they have forwarded to His Excellency Governor Pickering, requesting or urging upon him the necessity of continuing the troops now at Lapwai at or near Lewiston during the ensuing winter; also for an additional force of 200 muskets with which to protect themselves in case of need, as it is greatly feared that there will be an outbreak among the Indians. They have commenced to show signs of hostility already, and I am authorized by them to notify you of the facts. Anything that you can do in this matter to aid us in getting the necessary force or arms will be kindly remembered by our citizens.

Your most obedient servant,

R. BAILEY,

Secretary.

