
and the neighboring territory of Mexico. * In my opinion such a system would be totally ineffectual, owing to the extent of a frontier line that is altogether without prohibition of free passage either way. An individual desiring to avoid the necessity of a passport can choose his own point for crossing the line, and can tell his own story whenever questioned as to where he comes from. When there are troops in the district no man goes to and fro without the cognizance of the officer in command. That is all I can presume to control without a certainty of failure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 21, 1862.

This correspondence is respectfully referred to the commanding officer at Tucson for his information. The whole matter is left with Colonel West, commanding District of Arizona, to decide upon.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

MESILLA, November 1, 1862.

The within correspondence is forwarded to the commanding officer at Tucson with instructions to enter into any arrangement in regard to the subject-matter that may be deemed by him expedient, but in no event will anything be attempted that cannot be effectually enforced. Otherwise the subject will be dropped.

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 73. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 12, 1862.

I. Captain Dowling's company of Washington Territory Volunteers will proceed to Fort Dalles, Oreg., and take post, pursuant to instructions of the 3rd instant from department headquarters.

II. The detachment from Company B, Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, at the Warm Springs Reservation, will at once join its company at Fort Dalles, bringing to the latter post all the supplies which may be remaining on hand.

III. On the arrival of this detachment at Fort Dalles, Company B, Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, will proceed to Benicia, Cal., pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 175, of October 3, 1862, from headquarters Department of the Pacific.

IV. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

BENJ. ALVORD,Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., Commanding District.

---------------

*See Fergusson to Pesqueira, September 15, p. 121.

---------------

