
pivots of operations. I trust that the requisite expense for providing shelter at these posts will be authorized, the labor being performed by the troops. The timber will cost nothing. The posts that will be kept up during the winter in this district are as follows: Camp Lincoln, two companies, and supplies to be shipped to Crescent City; Fort Gaston, two companies, supplies shipped to Eureka; Camp Curtis, one company, supplies shipped to Eureka; Fort Humboldt, two companies, supplies shipped to Eureka; Fort Baker one company, supplies shipped to Eureka; Fort Bragg, one company, supplies shipped to Mendocino; post in Round Valley, one company, supplies shipped to MencociNumbers I found the discipline and instruction of the garrison at Fort Bragg (Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers) in a highly satisfactory state, reflecting great credit upon Captain Hull, who is a very efficient officer. The discipline and drill at Camp Lincoln, near Smith's River (Major Curtis' post), I found to be admirable. The command there consists of Companies C and G, Second Infantry California Volunteers. At both these posts my visit was entirely unexpected. Of the 834 Indian prisoners taken up to the Smith's River Reservation from this post by Mr. Hanson, some 400 more or less escaped about the 24th ultimo, including Las-Sic and all the more turbulent among them. Major Curtis on being informed of their flight lost no time in sending Captain O'Brien's company in pursuit of them, which returned, as was tob e expected, entirely unsuccessful. The Indians had scattered in parties of two or three through the woods and chaparral in every direction. In this country if Indians have a few hours' start there are no troops in the world that can ever find them. I have now positive information that since then all or nearly all of the remainder of these Indians have stolen away from Smith's Valley in small parties in such a wayt as to be unperceived, and that they have all made their way back to their old haunts in Humboldt County, the bucks returning more hostile and dangerous than when they went away, having been robbed of all their young squaws on their way down by thge Klamath Indians, and being rendered reckless and desperate by the loss of their families. The few scattered settlers that have been willing heretofore to take their chances are now reported to be much alarmed and moving away. In short, the state of things is far worse than when we arrived. My previous reports will suffice, I think, to show that for this result neither I nor my officers and men are responsible. The truth is, two companies of State volunteers could be raised here, consisting of old hunters and mountaineers familiar with the habits of the Indians and accustomed to hutn them, that would be of far more service than a whole regiment of the finest troops in the world, no matter how active and zealous they might be. A party of Indians was reported two days ago to have been seen near Cooper's Mills, at about thirty-five miles from here. A detachment was immediately sent out in quest of them, but from past experience I have but little hope that they will be found. The number of Indian prisoners now at Fort Humboldt is forty-eight. In order that each post may have a medical officer I shall instruct Captain Douglas to employ the physician of the reservation of Round Valley. If this would violate any existing order I request to be informed of it without delay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

