HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., October 14, 1862.

Lieutenant W. A. THOMPSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Mesilla, Ariz. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have to report the arrival in Tucson at 9 p. m. on the 13th instant of Captain Fritz, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with train of wagons, forge, and tank, and express matter for this place, Fort Yuma, and California. In reply tot he communication of the colonel commanding the District of Arizona, dated 27th ultimo, concerning beef-cattle, loading the train, and sending troops forward, I have to say that I have no information relative to the present where-abouts of the 1,000 head of cattle sent from California by Mr. Beard or Mr. Rains, excepting that contained in a letter from Lieutenant Bennett to Major Fergusson dated at Fort Yuma, October 3, in which he incidentally mentins that the cattle have crossed the river. Neither Mr. beard nor the agent in charge of the band have vouchsafed any information as to the probable time of their arrival at Tucson. The contractors are some sixty days behind their time in the delivery of these cattle, and having been driven over so long a distance through such acountry they will necessarily require at least thirty days for rest and recruiting before they can possibly be in a condition to drive to the Rio Grande. Besides this, cattle in excellent condition can be purchased in any quantities required of rabout the same price as Beard's contract calls for. In view of these facts, it was the intention of Major Fergusson, had he been continued as chief commissary until the arrival of Beard's cattle, to ignore the contract and make the contractor pay the difference, if any, between the terms of his contract and what he would have to pay for good wholesome beef. I respectfully refer the colonel commanding the district to Captain N. S. Davis, First Infantry California Volunteers, chief commissary, for full information on this subject. I merely refer to it because under the existing circumstances as I have explained them, and with the knowledge that Captain Davis is accompanied by a band of some 300 head taken from here to sell to Government at private risk, it had been my determination not to send any of Beard's cattle on until I had communicated with the colonel commanding. I request that I may receive instructions on these points in full at an early day. There will be sufficient time before Beard's cattle can be in a condition to advance beyond Tucson. Captain Fritz informs me that the train he brought over is in a deplorable condition. Many of the mules gave out on the road, and he thinks that it willt three or four weeks' rest before they will be able to pull a load from here to Mesilla. I will have them examined by Mr. Allen, who is now here, and the colonel commanding may rest assured that they shall not be detained a day after they are in a condition to travel. In regard to sending forward troops, I respectfully ask the attention of the colonel commanding the district to my letter of the 2nd instant and to the district return for October 10. By these he will see that the garrison of this place is hardly sufficient for the purpose of affording protection to the supplies collected here and to fulfill the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 11, from headquarters Column from California, dated Tucson, July 21, 1862, organizing the District of Western Arizona and defining the duties of the commanding officer. Since the date of the return I have sent away two detachments of infantry; one of ten men to the Cerro Colorado mines, to relieve the detachment of Company E, First Cavalry, stationed there, who were ordered to report for duty to Major Fergusson as he passed that place on his way to Libertad. I have also sent

