
the 12th of July contemplated his doing so if possible. But so far no opportunity has occurred. Those Indians deserve to be well punished for all their offenses, and an efficient campaign against them next summer should be prosecuted. The establishment of a military post in their country would check them more effectually and permanently than any other step. But, until they should get a good whipping, that post would be harassed by the thieves. Gorged with plunder and steeped in blood, the appetite for robbing and marauding has been sharpened and cherished by their success and impunity. The dispatch of General Wright of two years since (above referred to) contemplated an active campaign against them; and no doubt but for the secession movement the proposition would have been carried into effect. A large share of the attacks on the emigrants and other travelers occurred between the South Pass and Fort Hal above mentioned recommended that early notice should be given in the newspapers when a column would leave utah for the protection of the emigrants, so that they might avail themselves of the escort. As this department now embraces Utah, I recommend that orders be given that a command shall leave Fort Crittenden, Utah Ter., about the 15th of June next, proceed to some eligible point near the South Pass to intercept the emigrants, and, having gathered together sufficient to render it proper to move for their protection, to repair on the emigrant road to Salmon Falls, on Snake River, there to meet a command from this district about the end of August.

I concur in the recommendation in the dispatch of the 10th of October, 1860, that the garrison at Fort Boise should consist of three companies of infantry and two of cavalry. The latter for the first winter could return for shelter and subsistence to Fort Walla Walla. After the first winter plenty of forage would be grown for the supply of the post by the inhabitants in that neighborhood. I respectfully request that you will please direct Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt, deputy quartermaster-general, in estimating for the funds needed for the quartermaster's department for the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1864, to include sufficient for the establishment of Fort Boise. After all the companies of Colonel Steinberger's regiment of Washington Territory volunteers shall have been raised, I shall need, to accomplish the purposes above set forth, three or four additional companies, say one of cavalry and the remainder of infantry. I may ask in the spring that they shall be sent from California, especially as I am satisfied it will be necessary next season to establish a permanent post at or near Camp Lapwai, on the Nez Perce Reservation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols., Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, October 14, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day received a communication from the citizens of Lewiston reporting the imminent prospect of Indian difficulties in their vicinity, and requesting my aid in having troops stationed at or near that place and in the procuration of arms for its defense. I am advised at the same time that a memorial

