
has been forwarded to Your Excellency on this subject. During the month of August intelligence reached me that gave evidence of disaffection among several of the tribes in this portion of the district, and as a precaution in the event of outbreak requisitions were made by the commanding officer of this post for increased supplies of arms and ammunition. William Kelly, esq., the assistant adjutant-general of Washington Territory militia for this section, was also advised to make requisition upon the proper Territorial authorities for ordnance stores suitable to about 250 stand of arms now in his possession. In pursuance of the communication referred to, and in furtherance of the views of the citizens of Lewiston, I have respectfully to recommend their application for arms. The request for troops will no doubt be referred to the general commanding the district, with whom the disposition of the military force in this district rests. I have officially advised him of the matter of this communication.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.

OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS,

NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, October 15, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: A few days since I received several letters from the supervisor and physician on the Round Valley Indian Reservation, giving me the unwelcome news that the white settlers in said valley had clandestinely after night, during the maturing and harvesting of the grain crops, from time to time thrown open our fences, making as many as seven gaps in one night on the Indian farm, turning in their hogs and cattle until nearly the entire crop has been destroyed, and then they told the Indians they had nothing to eat through the winter and must steal or starve, and if they stole anything belonging to the settlers they should all be killed. This frightened and induced several hundred Indians to leave the reservation and start back to their old homes in the mountains. I immediately telegraphed to the officer in command of troops at Red Bluff to stop them, which he has done, any they are now at Nome Lackee, in charge of troops, whither I go to-morrow to make some arrangement for their support. I have laid the whole matter before Brigadier-General Wright, who has answered me promptly, as you will see by the inclosed letter. *

I hope you will now, without delay, have instructions by telegraph given to the general to remove every settler within the limits of the valley immediately, all of which has been surveyed for and declared an Indian reservation, called Nome Cult. Some of the settlers in this valley have just claims for their farms made in the valley before the whole of it was declared an Indian reservation. But it is a military necessity now to remove them, in view of securing peace, quiet, and safety to Government property, and afterward let them bring their claims up against the United States for settlement and payment after having been compelled to remove. I know of no other way to have the constant annoyance we have with the settlers settled, for I feel sure nearly all who thus annoy us are disloyal to the Government of the United

---------------

*See October 13, p. 168.

---------------

