
States, and will continue these troubles while they remain. Should they be immediately removed I can buy their surplus grain, which will keep the Indians until in safety we can raise another crop, in 1863. Hoping to hear from you soon on this subject, I have the honor to be,

Your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintending Agent Indian Affairs, Northern Dist. of California.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, October 15, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Major D. Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, with an escort of twenty cavalry, left Tucson on the 10th instant to examine the road between this place and the port of La Libertad, in the Mexican State of Sonora, under orders to that effect from headquarters District of Arizona. I have also to report that Captain W. G. Morris, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, arrived at Tucson on the 9th instant and started on his return to San Francisco on the 13th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 15, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that for the purpose of preserving the peace and quiet in the Round Valley Reservation, and protecting the public property therein, you will declare martial law to exist over the country embraced in the above-named reservation. For the purpose of enforcing all lawful orders and preventing a repetition of the disgraceful acts recently committed by the whites, you will post a sufficient force at such point or points within the reservation as you may deem best suited for the above purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 15, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I start to-morrow morning for Fort Walla Walla and Camp Lapwai, Wash. Ter., on the Nex Perce Reservation. Agreeably to the wishes of the general commanding, verbally expressed to me in San Francisco, I had arranged (as my special orders set forth) for the return of all the parties in the field to Fort Walla Walla by the 1st of November, including the command at Camp Lapwai, Captain Matthews' company of Oregon cavalry. Congress has appropriated $40,000 to pay the expense of instituting negotiations with the Nez Perces for a part or the whole of their reservation. C. H. Hale, esq., superintendent of

