
portion of the district for the defense your letter suggests, [and] by other and frequent reports received at this post, I have some time since represented the necessity to the proper authority. Judge William Kelly, assistant adjutant-general of the Territorial militia, near Walla Walla, has in his charge about 250 stand of muskets, and during the month of August last he was requested by myself to make requisition on the Governor for 100,000 rounds of ammunition for that arm. At the same time, and in view of the contingency your letter now refers, requisition was made by myself for a supply of ordnance and ordnance stores for the garrison. Since the receipt of your letter yesterday, and in furtherance of your request for my assistance [in] the procuration of arms, I have written to the Governor of Washington Territory commending your memorial to his earnest attention and indorsing your views. Referring to the posting of troops at or near Lewiston, which forms a part of your communication, I have officially forwarded a copy thereof to the headquarters of the District of Oregon for the consideration of the commanding general, I am advised of the early visit of Brigadier-General Alvord, in company with the superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington Territory, to this post, en route to your city and Lapwai Agency, and reserve a representation of your requests for a personal interview with these officers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Drum, October 17, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: On my arrival at this encampment I found the command, both officers and men, very uncomfortably situated. The encampment is stationed on a low, flat plain about half a mile from New San Pedro. The soil is sandy, but I am told mixes into mud after the rains begin to fall, until the roads are nearly or quite impassable. There is nothing to shelter us from the sea winds, which at times are very severe. Tents are often blow down and the atmosphere filled with sand. There is no such thing as keeping anything free from sand; desks, tables, and papers are constantly covered. The tents are old, and I am told leak very badly; indeed, I think they are totally unfit for service even in a better locality, and here they certainly would furnish a poor protection from the winter storms. If it is the intention of the department to keep troops at the present locality temporary quarters should, in my judgment, be at once constructed. I fear that I will find it difficult to keep this command in proper discipline unless quarters are built or a more comfortable location selected.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

HARVEY LEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Camp Drum.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 17, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a communication addressed to these headquarters by Brigadier General James H.

