
done as an unfriendly act to Mexico, nor with a single thought derogatory of her dignity or just rights. And while I disavow on the part of the United States any unkindness or disrespect toward Mexico by this act, I cheerfully acknowledge the just claim of Mr. Gonzales to be made whole in all matters wherein he has suffered by the necessary steps taken by myself under that highest of all laws-the natural right of self-preservation. The claim of Mr. Gonzales is without doubt correct and just as a claim, and but for the exorbitant charges which he made for his boats, &amp;c., and as damages for the temporary suspension of his business, he doubtless would have been reimbursed long since. He was given to understand this, and he was even offered to have replaced at his ferry better and more costly boats than those he had lost. This was last December. And he was also assured that a claim for a reasonable amount of damges would have favorable consideration. But he seemed to think that as his claim lay against my Government he could make extravagant charges-indeed, such charges as would not for a moment be entertained by any court of justice when called upon to decide upon the merits of a similar claim as between two individuals. I beg Your Excellency to believe that there is no disposition to do Mr. Gonzales a wrong, and that any just claim which he may have will receive due attention. I have written to you frankly my understanding of the case, and beg now to subscribe myself

Your Excellency's obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 12, 1862.

His Excellency Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of the State of Sonora, Mexico, Hermosillo, Sonora:

MY ESTEEMED FRIEND: Your letter asking my assistance in causing the arrest of two Mexicans who had robbed and maltreated one of your couriers, and then escaped from Sonora and took refuge on our side of the line, has been received. Those two men are said to have been in this town some ten days since, but it is rumored they are now near the Cerro Colorado Mine, and I have sent to arrest them. Should the party now absent on this duty be successful I will send the robbers to you at Hermosillo. I shall be happy to unite with you in establishing a passport system, but as people can reach your State by the way of Fort Yuma as well as by roads from this part of Arizona, I beg to receive suggestions from Your Excellency as to the most effectual way of giving due force to whatever plan we may adopt. For, if the rule when once established be not enforced at all points, it will give us much trouble and embarrassment. I have heard that there are murmurs here against some decree said to have been issued by Your Excellency, which lays an export duty on such articles of provisions as your citizens desire to bring across the lines for sale to the troops under my command. I am not familiar with the laws of the Republican of Mexico, but those of the United States would not authorize the executive department of government in any one State to make such a decree. I presume that if such a decree has been issued by Your Excellency it has been by the command and with the authority of the Central Government of Mexico. In this event, of course no one would have a right to complain, for Mexico as a sovereign power restricts her

