
the coming winter as the overland emigrants have needed military protection during their journey through this Territory during this past season's travel.

And now, my dear sir, the first question to be rightfully asked and rightfully answered, which is deeply impressed upon my mind as an imperative duty, is this: How can all these vast numbers of miners and setlers be perfectly protected n their lives an property during this coming winter and spring? For the proper solution of this all-important question, involving nothing less than the saving or the losing of a large number of lives af our fellow-beings, who are our fellow-countrymen and citizens, I shall have to seek aid and counsel of your more enlarged experience in protecting our brethren of the white race from the savage murders of the degraded and untutored Indians, who now feel themselves aggrieved by the intrusion of our miners and settlers upon their lands, which by solemn treaty regulations the United States Government adn people solemnly bound themselves to protect the Indians in thei rquiet and peaceable possession both to themselves and to their heirs and descendants forever. I repeat that I must look to you for advice and information about the best and most efficient plan for securely sabving the lives of each and every persons, of each and every company, of all this large number of our American citizens at this time sperad over a large extend to mining country. For such advice and for all advice your generous good-will may prompt you to give me I beg leave to assure you I shall be very thankful to receive, and I close with requesting you to consider that for the present, and for the coming winter, the lives and safety of every person within the limits of this Territory are placed by the law of our land as completely under your kind care and mine as are the lives of the inhabitants of Washington City now placed under the kind care of President Lincoln and the commander of the U. S. army of Virginia, Major General Goerge McClellan, for to nobody else but to you and myself to whom the power of protecting the inhabitants of this Territory has been intrusted. President Lincoln on one part of General Wright on the other have confidingly given to us this sacred trust and power.

Very respectfully and very truly, yours, &amp;c.,

WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory.

STATE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, Oreg., October 18, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed memorial adopted by the Legislative Assembly of this State at its late session.

Your obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. MAY,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure.]

To the General Commanding the Department of the Pacific:

Your memorialists, the Legislative Assembly of the State of Oregon, respectfully represent that the protection of the Coast Indian Reservation in this State requires that Fort Umpqua should be occupied by U. S. troops.

