
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby requested to forward a copy of the above memorial to the general or other officer commanding the Department of the Pacific.

Adopted by the House October 17, 1862.

JOEL PALMER,

Speaker of the House.

Adopted by the Senate October 17, 1862.

WILSON BOWLBY,

President of the Senate.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, October 19, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I desire to submit through you to the department commander, and if necessary to the Secretary of War, that Fort Bragg, in my district, had long enough borne the name of a traitor, and to respectfully suggest that its name be changed to Fort McRae, in honor of the hero of Fort Craig.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humbldt Mil. Dist.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, October 19, 1862.

Lieutenant-Colonel DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: In connection with my official report of the 13th instant I deem it my duty to lay before the department commander the following facts, learned by me in my recent visits to the Round Valley and Mendocino Reservations: For upward of a year that Mr. Short has been the supervisor of the Round Valley Reservation no funds that ever have been received from the superintendent, Mr. Hanson, for the payment of his salary, or that of the physician employed, or of any other of the employes, nor for the necessary expenses of the reservation. Mr. Robinson, one of the employes, told me that Mr. Short had already been obliged to use from $4,000 to $5,000 of his own private funds for these expenses. The grain crops of this year have been destroyed, and there are but few cattle left for the consumption of the 1,500 Indians stated to be remaining on the reservation. There are no means to purchase any supplies, and there is great danger of the Indians starving to death during the coming winter. To remedy the evil--the credit of the Indian Bureau being entirely exhausted--I suggested to Mr. Short to get some of the settlers to furnish the complement of supplies needed, they consenting to look for their payment to a special act of Congress to be passed for the purpose at the coming session, the Honorable Mr. Sargent to be requested to visit the reservation immediately in company with Mr. Hanson, in order that he might verify personally the necessity of the purchase and the justice of the claims, and satisfy the settlers that such an act would be passed. Mr. Short accordingly wrote to Mr. Hanson to have this done. In reply to the repeated application for funds, Mr. Hanson has always answered that

