
no remittance had yet been made to him from Washington. It was suggested to me that al the settlers would be willing to seel out to the Government, leaving the whole valley, containing some sixty square miles, for an Indian reservation. One great objection to this scheme is that the valley has not river or runnign strea, which is everywhere almost an absolute necessity to the Indians for fishing and for bathing. But the principal objection is one that applies also to every reservation in the district, and I consider it a fatal one, that al the turbulent Indians, those whom it is one of the chief objects of the reservation system to withdraw from contact with the whites, anever stay on these reservations unless compelled to by force, adn that to prevent their escaping from Round Valley it would require an army of 100,000 men. On the Mendocino Reservation there are said to have been formerly several thousand Indians. Some months since the post commander at Fort Bragg reported to me that there were then about 1,000, but on my visit there I was informed that there are now only about 280 left. They go when they please; it is seldom ever known whent hey leave. The reservation contains forty square miles, and to prevent the Indians from escaping from it, roi from any other ofv the reservations, it would require a chain of sentinels to be kept posted entirely around it. Mr. Whipple, the supervisor of the northern station, told me that Mr. Hanson admitted he had received $14,000 from Washington for the payment of the employes and other expense of the Round Valley and Mendocino Reservations, but state that he had been obliged to spend all this remittance on the Smith's River Valley Reservatino (the purchase of which has not yet been sanctioned by the Government). Of this amount Mr. Whipple obtained from him $1,000, leaving some $6,000 due him and the employes, besides $2,000 to $3,000 owing to traders for supplies furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

ROUND VALLEY, October 19, 1862.

Honorable G. M. HANSON:

DEAR SIR: I again call your attention to the aggrievances which I have given you an account of in a former communication, perpetrated by a portion of our while population. In additino to what I have written you, I will briefly state that our supervisor planted 100 acres of corn, 50 or 60 acres of wheat, which has been entirely destroyed by our neighbors' cattle and hogs, and destroyed a part of other grain which has been raised on this reservation; fences have been let down at night and their stock driven in. Now, sir, what language can I make use of to awaken you so that some action may be taken to prevent these outrages? Winter is near at hand and nothing to feed our Indians. There are many other strong reasons I might add why some immediate action should be taken, but forbear with a single remark, that unless some steps are taken in earnest immediately we shall be obliged to leave the reservation.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

W. P. MELENDY.

