HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, October 19, 1862.

Don JOSE MARIA URANGA,

Prefect, &amp;c., El Paso, Mexico:

A reply to your communication of the 8th instant, advising me of your authority to comply with the terms of the extradition treaty, celebrated between the Governments of Mexico and of the United States of America, has been delayed until I should receive a copy thereof. I have the honor now to apprise you that I am empowered, as superior military chief commanding in this district, to comply with such demands for the surrender of criminals in accordance with the terms of said treaty as you shall make upon me. The difficulties in the way of compliance with this convention of our respective Governments which you seem to anticipate do not suggest themselves to my mind. If you will be so good as to appriseure, I shall be much pleased to adopt proper measures to obviate them. In the meantime the responsibility will be assumed on my part of surrendering to your demand persons duly charged in accordance with the terms of said treaty with the larceny of property of less value than $25. One such case, that of Nicholas Flores, is now within my authority. On the 3rd instant I had the honor to address you a note in regard to him. As no reply has been received from you the note may have miscarried. He will be delivered upon your requisition.

Trusting to find you disposed to exert your authority in every way toward the suppressing of the disorders which unfortunately prevail upon the frontiers of our territories, I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 76. Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., October 19, 1862.

I. Company E, First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers, commanded by Captain W. M. Knox, will repair without delay to Camp Lapwai, Wash. Ter., near the Nez Perce Agency, where it will be stationed.

II. Quarters will be erected at some eligible point in that vicinity for the company, and Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Walla Walla, will furnish, so far as practicable, the necessary tools, materials, &c., for that purpose. He will also supply the company with Sibley or other tents, and with all the necessary wagons and teams for the wants of that post.

* * * * * *

V. So far as practicable the labor will be performed by the troops, but such citizen employes as are absolutely necessary for the erection of the quarters at Camp Lapwai will be hired by Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, acting assistant quartermaster; but in all the expenditures the utmost economy will be practiced. Major Rinearson, First Oregon Cavalry, commanding post, will vigilantly guard the public interests in all disbursements and in the care of public property.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

