SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 77. Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., October 20, 1862.

I. Colonel J. Steinberger, First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers, will on the arrival of the superintendents of Indian affairs accompany them to Fort Lapwai and remain there during their visit. He will not return to Fort Walla Walla until the approach of winter and the state of affairs shall render his presence unnecessary.

II. Company F, First Oregon Cavalry, and Company E, First Washington Territory Volunteers, will constitute the garison of Fort Lapwai, and quarters and stables will be built for both under the orders of Major J. S. Rinearson, First Oregon Cavalry.

III. On the arrival of Colonel Maury's command Company A, First Washington Territory Infantry Volunteers, will proceed to Fort Lapwai, Wash. Ter.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., October 20, 1862.

J. W. DAVENPORT,

Indian Agent, Umatilla Reservation:

SIR: Your communication of the 19th instant was received this morning by the general commanding. The general commanding directs me to inform you, in reply, that instructions have been heretofore given to the commanding officer of the post, Colonel J. Steinberger, for the protection of the whites from the trespasses of the Indians, upon your application and after notice. Colonel Steinberger says that in six hours a mounted force from this post can reach your agency. Instructions have been issued to commanding offices to render the Indian Department all necessary aid to enforce the laws and preserve the peace.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SANTA FE, N. MEX., October 21, 1862.

Colonel WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Mesilla:

MY DEAR COLONEL: I inclose herewith for your perusal a note from Mr. Beard. I should judge from this that he has plenty of cattle on the road, and so, if his agent can get along until a herd arrives from Tucson, by your arrangement in loaning him some of the Government cattle you will have no embarrassment. If you can figure it out so that justice can be done to all concerned without sending Coleman to Tucson I beg you to do so; otherwise send him. I had White's Mill repaired, and let him have a bolt, belt, and pledged my credit for some lumber for the making of a bolting chest, and agreed to loan some mules to help drive the mill until Lennan and himself could get a start, and to take pay for all this in the service of the mill in grinding for the Government. This I believe to be substantially my understanding of all

