
the bargain made with Lennan. Under no circumstances is the garrison at Fort Bowie to be withdrawn. You can, by your own order, if you so desire it, attach that post to the District of Western Arizona; and please to give such oders in relation to the clamors of the released gamblers as will be ust to them and to the Government; and, if they still continue to give trouble after that, you will give orders "needful to the service. " That part of Arizona is under martial law. Continue to get up supplies of subsistence stores from Fort Yuma. Obtain information of Somers' train, which went for clothing. Ascertain where the clothing is and when you may be expected by me to receive it. Try and get an account of the stores on hand at Fort Yuma. See if Colonel Bowie will not send another company at once to Tucson to help Coult out, in view of the influx of people to Fresnal. Write to Colonel Drum, assistant adjutant-general, on this latter point. I think Colonel Bowie's whole regiment will be ordered on to the Rio Grande.

In haste, very truly, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Olympia, Wash. Ter., October 21, 1862.

Major General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Pacific Military Department, San Francisco, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: Notwithstanding all your careful vigilance in providing military protection for the overland emigrants, and notwithstanding the prompt manner in which Colonel Justus Steinberger carried your orders into execution for that purpose, together with General Alvord's hearty concurrence and support of all your plans and directions given to dispose of the troops under your command in this Territory in the most advisable manner, so as to render the most efficient protection to the whole populatin of emigrants coming on the overland road from the States to this Pacific region, yet with all this care and pains thus taken by yourself, by General Benj. Alvord, and by Colonel Steinberger, with which I have felt so well pleased and for which yourself, Alvord, and Steinberger have so well merited and deserved not only my sincere thanks, but the thanks, the confidence, and the good will of the whole community, and yet, sir, after all has thus been done that could be done to afford protection to the lives and proeprty of our overland emigrants, Judge Hewitt informs me that from the most reliable statements he has received he has reasons for believing that a large number of emigrants have been robbed and murdered along the Snake River road during this season than in any previous year. This terrible human butchery of our own white American population of men, women, and children is too horrible a picture to think of, to look at, to reflect upon, or to record in the history of the manner in which settlers have had to come to this country, in constant jeopardy of losing their lives and property, and numbers have been thus sacrificed in their efforts to get here. We cannot bear to hear this tale of accursed cruelty told without every feeling of sympathy being aroused, of sorrow and pity for the sufferers and all their familyr friends and acquaintances; not can we think of those flagrant outrages without every sense of justice and every feeling of our hearts and souls being roused tot he highest pitch of resolute indignation against these foul and atrocious murderers and robbers. My dear sir, it is enough to make us all instantly raise our hands and our voices and swear by all that is

