
products by such rules as she may deem necessary, provided no treaty stipulations with a friendly Government are thereby set aside. I write you this respectfully to ask if it was the intention of the decree to subject the supplies which might come to the lines for the use of my troops to these export duties? In all matters where I can be of service to Your Excellency, personally or officially, or where I can oblige the good people of Sonora, I beg Your Excellency freely to command me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your Excellency's very obedient and humble servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. THIRD CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Stockton, July 12, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my command started from Camp Halleck this morning at 9 o'clock en route for Salt Lake City. I will march to-day to Camp Numbers 1, seven miles north of Stockton, where we will remain until Monday morning. Any communication from department headquarters can be forwarded to this city until Thursday next, and subsequently to Placerville. My train is heavily laden and I was compelled to take the ten teams which I intended to leave for the other companies of my regiment with me, but will send them back in four or five days, but I fear I will not be able to get along without five of them at least, and respectfully ask that I may be permitted to take them if I find I cannot get along without. The forty-five teams of my command are now loaded with 3,000 [pound] each, and the other ten are also loaded with the same weight. To be sure the wagons will be getting lighter every day, but when starting from Fort Churchill and Ruby Valley we will have the same weight, and at a time when the mules will be considerably reduced in strength and flesh. The men are carrying their knapsacks. I have detailed Second Lieutenant Gilman, of Company K, to remain in charge of wagons, mules, and property left for the other companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third California Volunteer Infantry.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt for his information.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DEPUTY QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

San Francisco, Cal., July 14, 1862.

I have made repeated examinations of the subject of Colonel Connor's transportation, wishing to furnish a liberal allowance, and I am compelled to think forty-five wagons and three ambulances such an allowance, and it ought to be ample for all authorized baggage and supplies.

