
respectively, on the 14th and 15th instant. * In the general's letter of the 14th of October he has frequently referred to the policy which I recommended to the War Department when I was in command of the Department of Oregon in 1860, and which, but for the breaking out of the rebellion, would doubtless have been carried out with beneficial effects. I most cordially approve of all the recommendations of General Alvord, especially as to the establishment of a post at or near old Fort Boise, and the arrangement of a system of escorts for the protection of the large and annually increasing number of emigrants arriving from the east.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 25, 1862.

Major General L. H. ALLEN,

San Francisco:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 1st instant has been received and submitted to the Secretary of War. At the present time no additional arms of artillery can be sent to California, but measures will be taken as early as possible to arrest any apprehend dange to the harbor of San Francisco.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 191. San Francisco, Cal., October 25, 1862.

* * * * *

2. Captain Daniel O'Regan's company, Washington Territory volunteers, will proceed to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., on the steamer leaving this port on Monday next.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Numbers 14. Camp Numbers 49, near Salt Lake City, October 26, 1862.

Pursuant to orders from department headquarters a military post is hereby established at this camp, to be called Camp Douglas. The following is declared to constitute the military reserve pertaining to this post. Commencing at a post due north one mile distant from the garrison flag-staff, and running thence west one mile, thence south two miles, thence east two miles, thence north two miles, and thence west one mile, to the place of beginning, containing 2,560 acres more or less.

By order of:

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District.

---------------

*See pp. 172, 176.

---------------

