
and who love the Union and are willing to risk their all for its preservation. Such was the character and such the division of sentiments on this coast when I assumed command of the department. I saw at once that to overcome all these threatening difficulties it was necessary to be watchful, vigilant, and firm; not create unnecessary alarm in the public mind by hasty and ill-advised acts, but to pursue the even tenor of my way, regardless of personal consequences, and feeling assured that such a course could nto fail to secure the respect of political parties of every complexion, and ultimately redound to the honor to our Government and country. If what little I have done has contributed in the smallest degree in preserving intact our glorious Union and maintaining unsullied our flag, I shall feel more than repaid. It affords me high satisfaction to inform the General-in-Chief that during all the period of my command in this department I have received the most cordial approval and assistance from the Governors and State officers, as well as from the most prominent citizens.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 192. San Francisco, Cal., October 27, 1862.

I. As soon as the organization of Captain Whannell's company is completed Lieutenant Colonel T. C. English, Washington Territory volunteers, will proceed to Fort Steilacoom, Wash. Ter., and relieve Major G. W. Patten, Ninth Infantry, in command of that post. When relieved, Major Patten will repair to the Presidio of San Francisco and report for duty to the commanding officer thereof.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 149. Fort Humboldt, October 28, 1862.

I. Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Round Valley. For this purpose it will march for Fort Humboldt as soon as practicable after the receipt of this order, to be in readiness to embark for Mendocino or Fort Bragg. The company will take with them six days' rations.

* * * * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Second Infty. California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 30, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have already written to you asking for authority to raise another regiment of infantry in this State, and also to raise seven additional companies of cavalry to complete the organization of the First

