
to which you refer does not apply to your command. You having succeeded Brigadier-General Canby in the command of the Department of New Mexico, your troops have become a part of the force stationed in that department, and are considered as detached from the Department of the Pacific.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 31, 1862.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding, Round Valley, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that until further orders you will report direct to these headquarters on all matters relating to Indian affairs in the circuit of your command. All requisitions will be forwarded direct, except those on depot at Fort Humboldt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, November 1, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM P. DOLE,

Commissioner of Indian Affairs:

SIR: Have just returned from a tour to Nome Lackee and Round Valley Indian Reservations, and on inquiry found the statements communicated to you in my letter of the 15th of October to be correct.

The crops of this year have been nearly all destroyed by the hogs and cattle of the settlers in Round Valley, and the Indians that had left the valley by the persuasions and threats of the settlers, and whom I had stopped at Nome Lackee Reservation, I have temporarily provided for on the Sac River, where they can fish and collect some acorns, which, with an occasional supply of coarse flour and beef, which I have procured, will suffice until I can in safety return them to the reservation in Round Valley, which cannot be done until the settlers are removed, that we may in security plant and grow our future crops. The Indians thus stopped on the Sac River number about 400. They were ordered and advised by the settlers to return to their old homes in the mountains, and I had been notified if they did thus return the miners would immediately exterminate them; hence, without any money to purchase, I was compelled to engage a temporary supply, contrary to instructions in which I was ordered not to incur any debts, &amp;c. This I was compelled to do or disgrace the service by allowing them to go off and all be massacred by white people. I would be pleased to know whether in such emergency I am allowed any discretionary power, or whether to follow the strict letter of instructions.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintending Agent, &c., Northern District of California.

