HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 1, 1862.

Major JAMES F. CURTIS,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp Lincoln:

SIR: The general commanding the department desires me to express his admiration of your prompt action in arresting the deserters from your command and yaling with the disloyal element in Southern Oregon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, November 2, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

The desire expressed by the general commanding to send an expedition against the Indians in the vicinity of the Pinos Altos Mines can be attained, and I think with successful results, if troops can be spared from the northern portion of the department. Jack Swilling is at the mines and is available for service. I have in Government employ here a Mexican boy stolen from Sonora, who was seven years a captive of Mangus Colorado's band. With such guides and a good force a severe castigation could most likely be inflicted upon the Indians. The Pinos Altos Mines are growing in importance daily. Were they relieved from the danger of Indian outrages they would rapidly develop.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, November 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding Department of New Mexico, to request that the general commanding the Department of the Pacific will be so good as to order a company of infantry forward from Fort Yuma to Tucson. It is contemplated to require some of the troops now at the latter post to advance to the Rio Grande, and the additional company now asked for is needed to take their place. I am also directed by the same authority to request that the commanding officer at Fort Yuma be ordered to furnish me at stated periods with an account of the stores on hand at that post. Also that the commander of the District of Southern California be instructed to make such arrangements of vedettes as will insure regular communications between San Pedro, Cal., and Tucson.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

