
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 3, 1862.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding, San Francisco, Cal.:

The extra company Washington Territory volunteers will be ratained. Assign it at your discretion.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

NOTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, November 3, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army:

SIR: Since I had the honor of addressing you in regard to the trouble on the Indian reservation at Round Valley, I have received other information which I beg leave to lay before you*; also, I have just returned from a visit in person and find the facts are not exaggerated. I inquired into the cause of the late massacre of twenty-one Indians at one of the Indian farms, viz: In July last, some twenty-eight whites came armed after night, surrounded the Indian camp, and killed 12 men, 7 women, and 3 children, wounding several others. The reason alleged was that they killed them because they expected the Indians would leave the reservation and steal their cattle, hogs, or horses. Since then they cut the throat of one, stabbed and hanged two others. They have now destroyed our crops and driven or frightened away some 400 Indians. Nearly all this mischief is done after night, and I fear the presence of troops, even, will not remove the principal trouble. I represented to the Department at Washington that the settlers were entering upon our lands in the valley and giving us much trouble, as they called it 'swamp" land which they had purchased from the State, and requested advice in the premises. They answered, directing me to consult the U. S. district attorney, but carefully to protect the rights of the Indians, and Government would sustain me. I advised with the U. S. attorney, and he said "take troops and put them out. " While in the valley I talked with the most interested, and they all almitted that the two races could not remain in peace so near each other, and they would all be willing to leave if they had any assurance that they would be paid for their improvements on the reservation lands. I then told them I must apply to you for troops to expel them from the valley, and asked if they intended to resist. They answered they would not. I promised them if they left peaceably I would purchase their surplus pproduce, and some of their stock, and furthermore I would go immediately to Washington and urge payment for their improvements. They appear to be satisfied with this. The fact is, the whole valley was surveyed for a reservation years ago, and as such reserved from sale, and notice to that effect frequently posted by my predecessors, as well as myself, forbidding further improvements and settlements, which has all been disregarded. I cannot hazard another crop in the valley ws remain there. They keep immense herds of cattle, hogs, and horses, devouring our grass, as well as our grain. So the crisis is upon us, and I do hope you will come to our relief before the

---------------

* For inclosure (here omitted) see Robinson to Hanson, august 28, p. 92, and Melendy to Hanson, October 19, p. 185.

---------------

