
winter sets in, and they cannot be removed. Indeed, I believe most of them would be glad to be coerced, thinking they would then get paid for their improvements.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintending Agent Indian Affairs, Northern Dist. of California.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 155. Fort Humboldt, November 3, 1862.

I. Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers, is hereby ordered to proceed immediately to Fort humboldt en route for Round Valley.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,First Lieutenant and Adjt. 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Bragg, Cal., November 3, 1862.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt:

SIR: Agreeably to post order dated Fort Bragg, Cal., October 27, 1862, copy herewith inclosed, I have the honor to report that I proceed in the direction of Eel River a distance of sixty miles. While in the vicinity of that river made a thorough search, but found no fresh Indian signs except that of one or two, whose camp-fires showed they were simply on a fishing excursion; neither could I hear of any depredation being committed against ranch owners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. HULL,

Captain, Second California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, November 3, 1862.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS,

Commanding Detachment 2nd Infty. California Vols., in Round Valley:

CAPTAIN: On arriving in Round Valley you will send for the supervisor of the Indian reservation, with whom you will confer in regard to the best location for a military post, which should be as far removed from the Indian rancherias as will be consistent with your affording them protection in case of need. you will lose no time in erecting the necessary buildings for the preservation of your stores and other public property, and for the shelter of officers and men, using for this purpose the labor of the men exclusively. There are a number of dilapidated huts around the headquarters of the reservation which will frunish at least a part, if not all, of the materials needed. You will cause your acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence to forward without delay to department headquarters an estimate of the articles required for the completion of the buildings, as also his requisition for at least six months' subsistence. You will forward at

