
the same time your own requisition for ammunition, both for the howitzer and small-arms. You will erect the buildings in such a manner as to afford shelter to the whole command in case of attack; as, for instance, by connecting them together by a stockade work, which should be loop-holed as well as the buildings. On arriving you will cause the copeis of the proclamation you take with you to be distributed throughout the valley. You will receive herewith a list of the returns and reports required to be made by post commanders to these headquarters. If from any unforeseen accident you should be in want of supplies, whether of subsistence or of ammunition, you will send for them to Fort Bragg. If this is impossible you will obtain the same by purchase, immediately reporting the circumstances to department headquarters. For re-enforcements, if any should be needed, you will call on the commanding officer at Fort Bragg. You will be ready at all times when called upon by the superintendent of Indian affairs or his agents to furnish the requisite protection to all Government property in the valley and to remove all trespassers upon the reservation. You will also at all times afford protection to the Government agents and employes, as also to the Indians of the reservation, against molestation from any quarter whatever, and you will arrest and confine all persons who shall attempt by violence or by threats to drive the Indians away. You will also promptly arrest and confine all persons in the valley who whall be guilty of any treasonable act or openly express any treasonable sentiments. You will disregard all writs of habeas corpus for the bodies of citizens whom you may have arrested under these instructions, from whatever court or magistrate they may come, and if any magistrate or other civil officer should attempt to interfere with your duties in this respect you will immediately arrest and confine him. You will report all arrests of citizens made under these instructions without delay to department headquarters, as well as to the headquarters of the district. You are expected to use your utmost efforts to prevent the demoralization of your command by intercourse with the Indians.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP HOOKER, CAL., November 4, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Herewith I havae the honor to forward the inclosed report of a recent expedition to Merced County, in this State, by Lieutenant Caleb Gilman, Third Infantry California Volunteers. Lieutenant Gilman was ordered upon the service indicated in the report for the purpose of ascertaining the facts in relation to alleged disloyal armed organizations in the aboveving the report to be important, as showing the true state of public opinion in the above-named county, I respectfully submit it for the consideration and information of the general commanding the department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT, POLLOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Post.

