
the stringent orders which emanate from department headquarters, backed by the strong military force of the State, are powerful agents in restraining them in their mad career and operate very effectually in keeping them from carrying out any of their wicked and treasonable purposes.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CALEB GILMAN,

Second Lieutenant, Third Infantry California Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 157. Fort Humboldt, November 4, 1862.

I. Company F, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Captain C. D. Douglas commanding, will embark on board the steam-tug Mary Ann for Fort Bragg, where it will disembark and march without delay to Round Valley. On arriving at Round Valley, Captain Douglas will establish a post on the Indian reservation, agreeably to his letter of instructions of date November 3, instant.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, Jr.,First Lieutenant and Adjt. 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Bragg, Cal., November 4, 1862.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. JOHN HANNA, Jr.,

Second California Volunteer Infantry,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt:

SIR: I do myself the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding, that I have made a thorough investigation of the state and condition of the Indian reservation since being in command of this post, and which is nearly as follows: The present number of Indians now on the reservation amounts from about 200 to 300, consisting of old men, women, and children, mostly sick or diseased. I am informed that there were some 400 or 500 about six months ago. Since then the young men capable of work have straggled off through the country, induced to leave by the encouragement given them from neighboring farmers to work in digging potatoes, &amp;c., at 50 cnts per diem. The licentiousness of the females causes the young men of the command to be continually under medical treatment, otherwise those Indians are inoffensive and peaceable. On the Noyo River, adjoining the headquarters of the reservation, is situated the Noyo steam sawmills, which give employment to sixty men, who are fully capable of protecting themselves and the establishment. The reservation improvements appear dilapidated and the fences broken and out of order. There are some potatoes, oats, and barley under cultivation, but at present the few Indians that are here appear to live upon fish, mussels, and such breadstuff as they get by begging and by their womens' prostitution. If the Indians cannot be induced to remain on the reserve by their own free will I fear that the presence of a military post on the reservation will not have the desired effect. The brigadier-general, taking into consideration the expense to Government attending

