
or presage of war. The above-named gentlemen agreed in thinking that he was sincere, and that he and his adherents, notwithstanding the causes of irritation, have evinced no warlike intentions or preparations. Thus I am pleased to say that I think the murders were exceptional cases, and not the precursors of revolt. One of the accused, a half Walla Walla, can find sufficient cause for his deed in the killing of his father, Pe-pe-mox-mox, by the whites in 1856. The other, if guilty, remains the only full-blooded Nez Perce who ever killed a white man. This is averred as true of them by Doctor Newell and Mr. Craig, who have known them for thirty years. It is a miracle, with all the causes of conflict existing on that reservation for the last two years and all the outrages from bad whites to which they have been subjected, that some white man has not before been killed. It is an exception which proves the general rule. It is truly wonderful to find such persistent loyalty, and such a want of crime in a tribe subjected to such trials and temptations.

I have reason to hope that under existing circumstances no general outbreak will occur, but we may from time to time hear of more murders, as it can hardly be anticipated that even the virtues of this tribe and the establishment of the military post will prevent the natural consequences of such provocation, of whisky and of contact with bad white men. The military post will act as a check both to the whites and to the Indians, and I trust that my course in establishing it will be approved. As the roads are now painfully infested by robbers and cutthroats, the presence of the military will materially aid the civil authority. Still I declined the entreaties of some of the citizens of Lewiston to establish martial law for the preservation of order among the whites. I conceived that the troops had full as much on their bands as they could accomplish in attending to their legitimate duties. No such step would, of course, be justifiable, unless it was entirely practicable and absolutely necessary for the preservation of the peace of the frontiers. Of the interest centering in Lewiston you can form some idea when I state that half a illion dollars for freights have been paid at that place during the last year. I have called the new post Fort Lapwai. Letters for that post should be directed to Fort Lapwai, near Lewiston, Wash. Ter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 199. San Francisco, Cal., November 6, 1862.

* * * * * * *

3. Captain Atchison's company (I), Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will be sent to this city on Wednesday, next, 12th instant, whence it will proceed to Fort Umpqua. The assistant quartermaster will make the necessary prepartations for transportation.

* * * * * * *

5. The troops now in camp near Stockton will proceed by land to Camp Union, taking with them all the movable public property.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

14 R R-VOL L, PT II

