HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 7, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 31st ultimo. During the past season no pains have been spared by General Alvord and Colonel Steinberger to afford protection to the emigrants approaching Washington Territory and the State of Oregon, and had the emigrants followed the usually traveled routes they would doubtless have all reached their destination in safety; but on their approach they break up into small parties-some strike for the Salmon River mines, others diverge off for the Willamette Valley, and it is impossible to afford escorts for every family or small party. your Excellency may be assured that I fully concur with you as to the propriety and necessity of severely chastising those Indians. I am under the impression that the number of emigrants reported to your Excellency as haivng been murdered during the past season has been greatly overestimated. However, as soon as the final reports are received I hope to ascertain all the facts. In the meantime your communication will be referred to Brigadier-General Alvord, who will be instructed to do all that is possible to capture and punish the murderers. Estimates have already been made for the establishment of a strong post at or near old Fort Boise, but I have but faint expectations that any force we can send on the route would entirely stop these murders. I once recommended a system to protect the emigrants as they approach, and if the Government and emigrants will adhere to it, there will be no difficulty.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,Sacramento, Cal., November 8, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Since I last had the honor to address you nothing of importance has taken place in this department. From Oregon I have received advices from Brigadier-General Alvord. He was at Walla Walla making arrangements for the continuance of the military post at Camp Lapwai, in the Nez Perce country, during the winter. This has been rendered necessary in order to maintain the peace between the miners and Indians. General Alvord has already strongly recommended the establishment of a military post at or near Fort Boise, on the Snake River. I have concurred in the general's views, and directed the deputy quartermaster-general to prepare his estimates accordingly. The establishment of a post at Boise was directed by the War Department some three years since, but the order [was] afterward revoked, and in consequence of the disturbed state of our country nothing further was done in the matter. It is now considered important to create the post to overawe the marauding savages and afford protection to the emigrants annually approaching that country. The public sentiment in this country remains unchanged, and it is believed that the precautions already taken will effectually suppress any attempt of the disaffected

