
to throw this State int the vortex of rebellion. I have frequent personal interviews with the Governor of this State, and I am happy to state that he is watchful and vigilant, doing all that is possible for the preservation of this country from the horrors of a civil war. We have frequent reports of organizations in the remote interior districts of the State for resistance, but such reports have, upon investigation, been found highly exaggerated; that many organizations hostile to the Government do exist I have no doubt, but they are principally confined to the localities where the sympathizers with the rebels are in the majority. By the organization of militia companies in those places, composed of loyal men, with officers appointed by the Governor, together with a judicious posting of U. S. troops, I can apprehend but little danger that any open demonstrations against the Government will be made.

I propose to make a tour through different sections of the department for the purpose of ascertaining more correctly the true state of feeling, and to be prepared to meet any emergencies which may arise. In the absence of any special authority to travel over the department or to remove my headquarters temporarily, I have thus far been no farther from San Francisco than this city. In the present condition of our affairs I beg leave to ask that authority may be given me to remove temporarily my headquarters to such positions as may be deemed necessary. During a few months past I have been suffering with the asthma, the only affliction I ever had, and this only in San Francisco. Anywhere removed from the coast I am perfectly well. I find this city, which is the seat of government and the residence of the Governor, very convenient for the transaction of the business of the department; besides, being but a few hours from San Francisco, the mails from the East reach me here a day sooner. Under these circumstances I respectfully request that authority be granted to rem-general's office to Sacramento, at least during the session of the Legislature, as well as a general authority to visit any post or section of the country where my presence would be beneficial to the interests of the Government.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, November 9, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I arrived here last night. The command, consisting of the non-commissioned staff, Companies I (Captain Tuttle) and K (Captain Tidball), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will be in to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. BOWIE,

Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, November 9, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

I have the honor to transmit herewith official copies of letters to Colonel Rigg, Captain Pishon, and Captain Willis, and Special Orders,

