
supplies from that direction. Some of the persons killed are acquaintances of theirs, and they are filled with anxiety in view of the future. What can be done? How can it be done? Those people must not be sacrificed. They must be protected. Will you inform me what to do? I am willing to aid in all possible ways. If I had means I would not call upon the department for aid.

Please answer at the earleist convenience, and oblige, yours, &amp;c.,

JAMES W. NYE.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] INDIAN OUTRAGE AT HONEY LAKE. MARYSVILLE, November 7, 1862.

The Quincy Union extra of November 5 contains the following exciting news from Honey Lake Valley:

SUSANVILE, November 3, 1862.

EDITOR UNION: But a few days ago I wrote you an account of an Indian outrage in the vicinity of Lathrop, at the lower end of Honey Lake Valley; also of the burning of Hot Springs Station on the Humboldt River. On Saturday last Theo. C. Purdoll, a citizen of Honey Lake Valley, and ten others were returning from Humboldt. At Mud Flat, nine miles from Lathrop, they were fired upon by about fifty Indians, who were concealed by sagebrush. Purdoll fell at the first fire, severely but not dangerously wounded. In the fight that followed G. L. Kellogg and Joseph block were killed and one McCoy dangerously wounded. The Indians pillaged two wagons and drove off three horses and a mule. Block was known to have about $500 upon him and Kellogg $180, all of which they obtained. Purdoll is a wellknown citizen of this valley; Kellogg has lived in the valley with Lewis Stark, but for some time past has resided at Humboldt, where he was a partner of Purdoll in mining claims. His father, the Rev. Mr. Kellogg, lives in this State and, it is thought, in Yaba City. Block and McCoy have lived in the vicinity of Red Bluff. Yesterday a party from this place recovered the dead bodies, which they found horribly mulitated.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] TEAMSTERS ATTACKED BY INDIANS.

The Quincy (Plumas) Union of November 5 gives the following particulars of an Indian attack and robbery: We were informed by Oliver, of Indian Valley, who passed through town on Sunday last, that some time during the early part of last week two teamsters on their way from Humboldt to Red Bluff were attacked by Indians about two miles beyond Lathrop's ranch, in Honey Lake Valley. The party had two teams (an ox and a mule team), and at the time of the attack the mule team was some little way in advance. The Indians were fifteen in number, and as the ox teamster passed the Indians rose up out of the sagebrush about thirty yards from the wagon and discharged their rifles at the driver and a passenger. The latter in endeavoring to get his rifle, which was under some blankets, was shot in the arm (very slight wound) by one of the Indians more daring than the others who had advanced to within a few yards of the wagon. The passenger succeeded in getting his rifle and handed it to the driver, who discharged it at the Indians, whereupon on eof them fell, but soon recovered himself and ran off. Several shots were fired by the passenger,

