
who had a revolver, but upon a nearer approach of the Indians they were compelled to leave their teams and retreat to Lathrop's where they raised a small party and started in pursuit. They recovered the wagons and teams, the Indians having plundered the ox wagon of a trunk containing $250 and then left. The money stolen belonged to the ox driver. Our informant did not learn the names.
HEADQUARTERS DISTEICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., November 9, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that pursuant to orders from headquarters Department of the Pacific on the 26th day of October, 1862, I established a military post in Utah Territory, and which I have named Camp Douglas. It is situated at a distance of three miles east of Great Salt Lake City, at which place there is a post-office and telegraph office, with good facilities for communication both east and west daily. It is situated at the foot and on the west side of a range of mountains which form the divide between Weber River and the Great Salt Lake Valley. It is on and elevated sport which commands a full view of the city and the Great Salt Lake and Valley, with a plentiful supply of wood and water in its vicinity, and in the neighborhood of numerous quarries of stone adapted to building barracks. If it is contemplated to establish a permanent post in this Territory I know of no spot so desirable as this. Beside the above advantages, it is the center from which diverge three roads to California, two to Oregon, and the great Overland Mail Route to the east. The low price of forage for animals is an additional advantage which it possesses, and the health of the soldiers has also materially improved since their arrival here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District.

SACRAMENTO, November 10, 1862.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Suspend movement of company to Umpqua and refer the subject to General Alvord for a report.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

PROCLAMATION TO THE SETTLERS IN ROUND VALLEY.

For the purpose of preserving peace and quiet on the Round Valley Reservation and of protecting the Government propety and the Government agents there, by virtue of authority in me duly vested, I hereby declare martial law to be in force throughout the siad valley, of which the civil authorities there and all persons whatsover will take due notice and govern themselves accordingly. No civil officer or any other

