
and credit to a larger amount with parties in Mexico. This I submit to you as a true representation of the condition of affairs in this country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 13, 1862.

Major RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I herewith inclose two letters to the Governor of Sonora, written by myself on the 12th instant. * They explain the business which called them forth. There seems to be a disposition on the part of the authorities of Sonora, as well as on the part of the people of that State, to be on amicable terms with us.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 17. Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 13, 1862.

Preparations for active field service must be made the ensuing week by every company in this command. Clothing must be repaired as far as possible, arms, accounterments, and ammunition examined as to their condition, and all the camp and garrison equiPAGEof each company must be put in complete order for the march. All unsettled company papers with the different departments should be completed as far as possible, and, finally, every officer and soldier of the command must be so prepared for the march as to leave nothing to be done upon the reception of the order from the general commanding but to execute it.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel West:

LAFAYETTE HAMMOND,

First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster

First Infantry California Volunteers, Acting Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Barrett, Ariz. Ter., July 13, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Column from California, Tucson, Ariz. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have to report that I shall march for Tucson, with Company A, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Joseph Smith, to-morrow morning. On Tuesday night (15th instant), I shall be on the desert between the Blue Water Station and Point of the Mountain, and will meet the water-tank, if sent at the Picacho Pass, at 11 or 12 o'clock. Mr. Veck arrived at this post this morning. He thinks it advisable to send his train across the desert in two divisions, in consequence of the difficulty of getting water for so many animals at Blue Water Station. He will therefore start one-half his train to-morrow afternoon, and the balance (those the animals of which are in the poorest condition, that they may have one day longer rest) on Tuesday. One-half his train will therefore be on the desert on Wednesday night, and the other half on Thursday night. In consequence of the dilapidated condition in

---------------

*See Carleton to Pesqueira, pp. 17, 18.

---------------

