
4. The battalion of the Third Infantry California Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Rober Pollock, at Camp Hooker, near Stockton, Cal., will take up its line of march on the 17th instant to Camp Union, near Sacramento, Cal. Such of the movable property as cannot be sent with the command will be transported by water to Suterville, on the Sacramento River.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson. November 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Major D. Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, arrived at Tucson on the 11th instant from his reconnaissance of the port of Libertad and the road from here to that place. Major Fergusson reports the road good and the harbor excellent, and I trust to receive the first invoice of supplies over the new route ere many days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., November 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I returned to this place yesterday after having made a reconnaissance of the routes to the ports of La Libertad and Lobos Bay, in Sonora. I found the routes to both ports practicable for transportation of supplies, and the ports both adapted for landing stores from any class of vessels and affording safe anchorage. As the express leaves to-day I am unable to send my detailed report, but will mail it by the next express, one week hence.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 13, 1862.

His Excellency JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 9th instant the general commanding instructs me to say that directions will be given to afford all possible protection in the region of Honey Lake. Captain Henry B. Mellen, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, a very excellent officer, has recently been sent to that part of your Territory, and as soon as his report is received the general will determine what course to pursue. The general's absence prevents his writing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

