
party-men, women, and children-indiscriminately. I appeal to the department commander that this sort of warfare is better suited for savages than for the troops of a civilized and Chirstian nation, and could certainly be carried on far more effectually by a company or two of wild beasts and Indian hunters as well as far more economically to the United States. Plenty of such men can be found by the State government in this district ready and desirous to be enlisted, and if the systematic attacks upon me in the Humboldt Times can lead to such a result and the withdrawal of my regiment form this odious and thankless work I shall be but too glad to have them continued. I respectfully request that another mountain howitzer may be sent to the post commander at Fort Humboldt to replace the one that Captain Douglas takes with him to Round Valley. If there was need of one before there is equal need of one now. The present on eis furnished with a prairie carriage which is entirely too large and cumbersome to be packed over such mountains as we have here, although it will be well suited to Round Valley when once arrived there. I have been teaching a few detachments for the last few days the artillery drill, in which they have made very rapid progress. On another howitzer being sent here I would be soon able to make all the officers and men at the post good artillerists, and if sent with a mountain carriage it would, moreover, be very useful n case of emergency. I feel quite mortified at the delay in getting the troops to Round Valley, where they might have been two weeks a go but from my desire to have them there even sooner, a desire that has been frustated by unforeseen disappointments.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 14, 1862.

Colonel G. W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District fornia, San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that Captain Ffrench's company at New San Diego will be relieved by Captain Grant's company, Fourth Infantry. The latter company will proceed by land as soon after the receipt of this letter as practicable. Captain Ffrench will march his company to and take post at Camp Drum, forming a part of your immediate command. It is presumed that sufficient transportation is on hand at New San Pedro for the movement of Captain Grant's company. If not you will hire a suffient number of teams for the purpose, the allowance, however, not to exceed that specified in regulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 14, 1862.

Major General HENRY W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I write this direct to you because I believe you will desire to mark the man to whom I refer as one deserving of your

