
notice as head of the Army. Captain William McCleave, of Company A, First Cavalry California Volunteers, served ten years under my command, nearly all the time as a first sergeant in Company K, First Dragoons. When the California volunteers were organized he became the ranking captain in the First Cavalry. While on a scout last spring he was taken prisoner by the secessionists, and was not exchanged for four months. When he came to draw his pay he presented to the United States $582. 50, stating in his letter of transmittal, " I am not here for pecuniary purposes, and respectfully ask that the amount revert to the Federal Government, whose servant I am," This was the pay which accrued while he was a prisoner. In a letter to myself Captain McCleave says: "I prefer a clear conscience rather than possess anything the ownership of which is doubtful, and especially in times like these, when the Government is engaged in such a desperate struggle, I can but render my humble assistance in the noble work. " The devotion of this noble Irishman to the country of his adoption should be known. If you can give him a helping hand you may rest assured you cannot assist a finer soldier or one whose heart is in all respects without fear and without reproach. He should belong to the regular service. He possesses all the elements of which heroes and patriots are made.

I am, general, very sincerely and respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General.

[NOVEMBER 14, 1862. - For West to McCleave, relating to operations against the Mescalero Indians, see Vol. Xv, p. 596.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 14, 1862.

Captain HENRY B. MELLEN,

Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Fort Crook. Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that you will send a detachment consisting of one commissioned officer and twenty-five enlisted men to take post at or near Susanville, near Honey Lake. You will accompany the detachment to the point designated and make all the necessary arrangements for quartering it durng the winter and supplying forage for the animals. For this purpose you are athorized to hire a house of sufficient capacity and stabling. Subsistence will be taken from Fort Crook to last this party until the opening of communication in the spring. You will give the lieutenant in command detailed instructions as to his duties, to be vigilant and active in protecting the settlers and emigrants against marauding bands of Indians, pursuing and punishing any band that my threaten the quiet and peace of that region. In pefroming these duties he must exercise judgment in determining the truthfulness of the numerous statements that will be made by irresponsible parties. If there is not transportation at Fort Crook sufficient for this purpose (wagons or pack animals) you will notify this office of the fact without delay. After completing the duties assigned you (making the detachment comfortable) you will return to Fort Crook. You will require the officer left at Susanville to report to you, or direct to this office, whichever is most practicable, as often as possible the actual condition of affairs in the neighborhood of

