
the lake. In connection with the above the general directs me to express his admiration of your energy and zeal displayed in the recent expeditions against the Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 204. San Francisco, Cal., November 14, 1862.

1. Captain Whannell's company of volunteers will proceed to and take post at the Presidio of San Francisco.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,

Mesilla, November 14, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

The attack by Indians on the 31st ultimo on the train of John Davis, assistant wagon-master, then on its way from Fort Graig with supplies for this district, has already been reported to you by the commanding officer of Fort Craig. I know of no additional facts to communicate that would be serviceable at department headquarters in conntection with this matter. I inclose a certified list of the property which appears to have been taken by the Indians from the train. The socks are the gratest loss, and there is not a bootee in the district fit to issue, owing to the inferior quality of some and the extreme large sizes of the remainder. I look for a train with clothing to arrive about the 1st proximo from Tucson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 15, 1862.

Honorable MILTON S. LATHAM,

U. S. Senate, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR MR. LATHAM: I wrote to you a short note by Colonel Eyre as he started for California about the 21st of last September, in which I inclosed some duplicate original papers going to show that some property in Albuquerque, N. Mex., belonging to my children, had been burned up by order of the military authorities on the 2nd of March last. I inclose herewith a certificate of Captain Herbert M. Enos, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, that he gave the order for the destruction of the property. The proceedings of the board which assessed the damage to the propery at $7,600 I sent to you By Colonel Eyre. Captain Enos' inclosed certificate makes the chain of evidence perfect. The rents per month which accrued to my children from this property was $105. If the United States had vacated and not destroyed the

