
property it could have been rented to others, but now all my children have to contemplate as their property is a blackened mass of unproductive ruins. I think in equity the Government should pay what is right for rendering the property valueless to rent to others, besides paying for its destruction per se. Pray do me the favor to help them out in the matter. The loss of this property and of some real estate which I had bought for my children in Texas, and which was long since confiscated by the rebels, takes everything I had in the world. I now have only my commission, after twenty-only my commission, after twenty-odd years' hard work, and if I should die to-morrow my children would be beggars. I mention this to show you that I am solicitous that this little should be saved to them. My wife bought a lot in San Francisco. If I can get a bill for the relief of my children for the destruction of this property I will have a house built on that lot, and have at least a home for my family. Honorable J. S. Watts, the Delegate from this Territory, has promised to help in the matter. I inclose a copy of a letter to him on the subject. I worked hard with our California boys, and got hem safely through the desert. When time wears away and people begin to think again, the passage of 2,000 men over the great desert in the heart of summer will be thought to me not a contemptible achievement. I could not have done it with any other troops. The men were devoted to me, and never murmured in all their hardships and suffeings. When all their toils and all their privations are thought of my myself, and when I look back and see that a single mistake would have been a horrible disaster, I shudder at my responsibility even with that small force. It is a matter that will never properly be appreciated, but if one can fancy a desert with its hot sands, its brassy sky, its utter desolation, and its want of everything which would go to sustain life, and then imagine a caravan of 2,000 men and 1,800 animals passing over it, one could fancy what would be his feelings of responsibility as he saw them on their weary journey and saw them gathering around the scanty supplies of water with famished looks, and absolutely holding him responsible all the time that the supply should meet their wants. What if one of his calculations failed? You can imagine the result. I felt a great burden fall from my shoulders when I saw the Rio Grande. I assure you I would not encounter the same anxiety again for ten major-general's commissions. Present my regards to Mrs. Latham, and believe met to be,

Very sincerely, yours,

JAMESH. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 15, 1862.

Major THEODORE A. COULT,

Fifth Infantry CAlifornia Volunteers, Commanding, Tucson, Ariz.:

SIR: The department commander approves of your circular to the inhabitants of Western Arizona in relation to persons trafficking with the Indian tribes. The general cannot approve of your order of the 23rd of October, preferring to leave the adjudication of rights as to real estate to the action of the civil courts when established. The general desires you take and keep possession, for the use and convenience of the troops, of such houses, of such houses, corrals, and other structures as may have

15 R R-VOL L, PT II

