
laws of Congress regarding Indian country, and take such other steps as may be deemed necessary to suppress the disloyal practices of those sympathizers with the rebellion, who have sought an asylum in the country with a view of encouraging those Indians to revolt against the authority of the United States.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT VANCOUVER, Novemer 17, 1862.

(Via Yreka, 9 p. m. 21st.)

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, US. S. Army:

There is, in my judgment, no necessity for troops at Umpqua.

B. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Sant Fe, N. Mex., November 18, 1862.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose a duplicate original of a letter sent by express, via Mesilla and Tucson, to Colonel Bowie, requesting him to march without delay with three companies of the present garrison of Fort Yuma to the Rio Grande. * I consider it important that you give me all of Bowie's regiment on the Rio Grande; that other troops occupy Tucson and Fort Bowie in the Apache Pass, and that Fort Yuma be garrisoned by at least six companies. If you can send three companies of the Second Cavalrly under such a man as Colonel Evans to Tucson, it would give me all of the First here, and I cannot get along with less of this description of troops. It seems to be a settled purpose of the rebels to occupy this country and Arizona. If you will help me with another regiment of infantry, posted as herein indicated, and tree companies of cavalry, I believe he cannot succeed. I shall try to get some troops from Colorado Territory to make this part of New Mexico as warm as possible for him in case he comes he comes here. What you do, general, should be done at once. You are aware that there are many stores accumulated at Fort Yuma and at Tucson, so that these movements will not be attended with much additional expense. The means of transportation now at Tucson, and which I can send there, will be sufficient for all movements this side of Fort Yuma. I will send a duplicate of this letter by express over the southern route.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. - Please notify me by telegraph via Denver City of what you decide on doing.

J. H. C.

[NOVEMBER 18, 1862. - For Carleton to West, relating to threatened invasion of New Mexico by the Confederates under Baylor, see Vol. XV, p. 599.]

---------------

* See inclosure Numbers 2, Vol XV, p. 605.

---------------

