
uncle is at present at Cache Valley and will guide you to where the boy is. You will march by night and by a trail which will be shown you by a guide who will accompany your command. Surround the Indians, if possible, before they become aware of your presence, and hold them prisoners while you send a part of your men to a valley about two miles from the Indian camp, where, I am told, there is a large number of stock stolen from murdered emigrants, which, if you have reason to believe that my information is correct, you will drive to this post. You will search the Indian camp thoroughly for the emigrant boy, and if you should not find him you will demand him of the Indians, and if not given up you will bring three of their principal men to this post as hostages. You will also investigate as to their complicity in the mamssacres of last summer, and if you have reason to believe any of them are guilty you will bring all such to this post for trail. You will not fire upon the Indians unless you find it necessary to the proper execution of your instructions.

P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., November 22, 1862.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain Ketcham, Third Infantry California Volunteers, with a detachment consisting of 1 sergeant and 2 corporals, 1 bugler, and 21 privates left this post this day for the place where the late Indian depredations were committed, between Honey Lake and the Humboldt. The acting assistant quartermaster furnished said detachment with the necessary transportation, forage, and subsistence for twenty days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McDERMIT,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, November 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: Captain Douglas' company did not leave here for Round Valley until yesterday, the 21st instant. A delay so extraordinary requires explanation. Your letter instructing me to send a force to Round Valley was received on the 23rd of October. Some ten days before that on my return from Round Valley I was already about to order the company to proceed thither by land rom Fort Gaston. On making inquiry, however, I found it would require twenty days for the company to make the march with a pack train carrying the necessary baggage and sixty days' subsistence, which would delay their arrival till the 10th of November; that using all our own mules that were disposable the hire of the additional number needed would amount to about $2,000, and that to obtain and collect together the number required would have involved a further delay of ten days at least. I deemed it impurdent to send the company down without sixty days' subsistence at least, because Round Valley is generally inaccessible for

