
which he reports his trai, I defer to his judgment in this matter. If then it should meet the approbation of the general commanding, the tank can meet me on Tuesday night from fifteen to twenty miles this side the Point of the Mountain; can return to that station with me, and meet Veck at the same place on Wednesday and Thursday nights, and not have very heavy drives to make. Lieutenant Mitchell, with detachment of Second Cavalry, arrived at this post yesterday, and will accompany me. I respectfully request that instructions may be sent me by the driver of the tank, in case the commanding general thinks proper to alter this arrangement. No express from Fort Yuma since July 1.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 14, 1862.

Major J. S. RINEARSON,

First Regiment Oregon Cavalry, Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the district instructs me to notify you that the acting commissary of subsistence at this post has been directed to prepare and send to Lewiston, by the Oregon Steam Navigation Company's transportation, 6,930 complete rations for your command while encamped at the Lapwai. This will obviate the necessity of supplies being sent from Fort Walla Walla. They will reach Lewiston by the 1st proximo, if not before that time, and it will only be necessary for you to have them hauled from there to the point where you establish your camp, and for which purpose and for camp use a wagon and team, or so much transportation as will be actually required, will be retained by you from that furnished for your command from Walla Walla.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. HUGHES,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION, Camp Independence, Owen's River Valley, Numbers 6. July 15, 1862.

The undersigned having learned with regret that some person or persons in this valley have so far forgotten themselves and their self-respect as American citizens and enlightened men as to attempt to take advantage of their present power over the Indians of this valley by catching hold of the Indian women while they were engaged in gathering seeds for their subsistence, with a determination to satisfy their vicious lusts by having carnal connection with such women even by force; therefore it becomes my unpleasant but imperative duty to publish the following order:

I. Hereafter any man, men, or set of men, whether soldiers or citizens, found guilty of molesting or in any manner interfering with the Indian women of this valley shall be arrested and punished according to law.

By order:

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding

