
from that post. From its close proximity to the Mad River country, where the hostile Indians mostly rove, I am placing reat relaince on the co-operation of the company there in our Indian hunt he coming winter. As to affording protection to escorts to the mail riders, that is another thing. But this is what the contractors on that route have never asked, and whenever they choose to intimate to me that they would like to have escorts they will be furnished at once. My reason for troubling you with this statement is that I understand a complaint is going down by this steamer that Ihave refused all protection to the overland mail. If the department commander should desire me to post detachments at the two stations mentioned, I should sent thither (unless otherwise directed) one of the two companies at Fort Gaston, as one of these companies could be better spared than any other. On my recent visit to Fort Bragg I became convinced that the further continuance of that post is entirely unnecessary. I respectfully refer the department commander on this point to the report of Captain Hull, a copy of which is transmitted herewith. * I have not yet received an answer to my inquiry as to whether regimental and garrison courts are considered to be abolished in this department by the act of Congress. A number of men have been for some time in confinement at Fort Humboldt awaiting their trial. I have received your letter of November 15 in regard to the removal of the regimental sutler, but no further instructions as to the collection of his demands from Company A. I infer that if Captain Flynn confines himself to making the best arrangement for the sutler that he can, his conduct will not be disapproved.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 210. San Francisco, Cal., November 24, 1862.

* * * * * * *

2. Paragraphs 3 of Special Orders, Numbers 195, and 3 of Special Orders, Numbers 199, are hereby revoked.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 25, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: Your interesting communications of the 17th and 18th of October were duly received and submitted to the General-in-Chief. Brigadier-General Carleton, having successfully accomplished the object with which you dispatched his command from the Pacific Coast, has now been ordered to relieve Brigadier-General Canby in command of the Department of New Mexico. I respectfully inclose a copy of a letter addressed tohim the 31st of October. +

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjtuant-General.

---------------

* See November 4, p. 205.

---------------

+ See p. 198.

