HEADQUARTERS DISTEICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, November 27, 1862.

Captain E. B. WILLIS,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding, Hart's Mill:

Your communication of yesterday with news of the rebels was received last night. * Major McMullen with two companies will march for your post to-morrow morning. He will probably be at Camp Johnson to-morrow night, where you can communicate with him in case of emergency. The price asked by Don Juan Zubian for corn is too high for my orders. His offer cannot be accepted. Say nothing to any one about he force of ours coming your way. Gather all the intelligence you can of the enemy. You have done exceedingly well so far.

Yours, truly,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. - Should Allen's train return, retain it for further orders.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, November 27, 1862.

Major WILLIAM McMULLEN,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Mesilla:

You will march with Companies D and K, First Infantry California Volunteers, without delay, to Franklin, Tex. An attack is threatened ypon that post by a force of the enemy now said to be at the Presidio del Norte. A detachment of five men, First Cavalry California Volunteers, is at San Elizario, and will be useful to you in obtaining information of the enemy's movements. Take with you 100 rounds ammunition per man. A citizens' train will be your transportation. Return this from Franklin as soon as possible, as it is hired by the---. Rations to the close of December are sent for you to Franklin. When Allen's train returns from Captain Pishon's expedition retain four wagons from it for a farther advance of your force down the Rio Grande. It is my desire to establish your command at San Elizario, Tex. You will therefore have that objective view, and proceed there as soon as you may consider it judicious to do so, either to meet the enemy as he advances, or to push our outposts nearer to him, if he stands still. Care must be taken to prevent him from getting in between you and the command at Hart's Mill. You will find it prudent to take only ten, or at most fifteen days' rations to San Elizario. Unless there is urgent necessity for such course you will not interfere with Captain Willis' command of the post of Franklin, but in such event you have my authority for embracing his force within your orders. There is little occasion to cumber you with detailed instructions. You are sent to foil and defeat the enemy if you can; to retire before him if he is so strong as to render a contest hopless, and in that event to leave no particle of property in his track that can be of the least service to him. Beginning at San Elizario, Ysleta, Socorro, Fort Bliss, Franklin, and Hart's Mill must all be devastated. All grain must be carried away or destroyed; the buildings of rebels in either of the above places must be consumed; the machinery of Hart's Mill destroyed, except a set of mill-stones and the bolting cloth, if they can be carried away; a lot of fine lumber at

---------------

* See Vol. XV. p. 606.

---------------

