
ment commander will not expect too much of my exertions, when he remembers that he has taken away every mounted man from the Lower Rio Grande, and that my only efficient quartermaster is absent when most needed; that I have no arms for a New Mexico partisan warfare and they have none; that I have no funds to purchase forage; that I have no shoes for my men to wear; that I have a partially demoralized command from lack of efficient officers to control them; that I have neither men to spare for escorting my supply trains, nor wagons to send for them; and, finally, that I have enough prisoners on my hands to occupy the attention of a full company. It is but just to myself that I should state these facts, and it is butjust to the general commanding that he should know them all, that his expectations of my ability to do the enemy damage shall not work injury to his plans. I do not mention them complainingly. The means at my command I shall use according to my best abilities, but I do not wish to be understood as being so powerfully efficient, when Iknow that I am really so powerfully weak. I ask for no help. What there is to do shall be done, and the debris of the California Column will hurt somebody, even if they have come to their last totter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 27, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER.:

SIR: Orders have been issued from these headquarters and sent by express this morning for you to detach one company of Oregon cavalry volunteers to winter at Fort Dalles, Oreg. The command is to march overland with a light train and as rapidly as circumstances will permit. If the weather in the meantime becomes too inclement and the order can be compled with only at great risk to the men and authorized to use your discretion in the matter and suspend the order if necessary, reporting your action to these headquarters.

Respectfully communicated by command of Brigadier-General Alvord.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 28, 1862.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. WEST, U. S. Volunteers,

Mesilla:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Inclosed herewith I have the grat pleasure to forward to you your appointment as a brigadier-general. I received it under cover from the Headquarters of the Army. I beg to congratulate you on your good fortune. Yoy have worked hard and earnestly and well deserve this reward. Report to me by letter, as I cannot have you leave your district at this time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

