HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 28, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have to report that I have directed Colonel Steinberger, commanding at Fort Walla Walla, to detach a company of Oregon cavalry from that post to winter at Fort Dalles, unless the extreme severity of the weather should at the moment of starting render it not advisable. This measure is owing to the fact that Lieutenant Hughes, acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Walla Walla, reports under date of the 21st instant that he has overrated the amount of oats to be obtained in that valley. I have to express my satisfaction in receiving your letter of the 18th instant in which you state that the general commanding fully approves of what I have done and propose to do in the extablishment of the military post at Fort Lapwai, on the Nez Perce Reservation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigdier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SAN DRANCISCO, CAL., November 29, 1862.

Major McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

A detachment of twenty-five men will be sent from Fort Crook to Susanville. Send thirty days' rations to that point to await its arrival. Keep it supplied during the winter.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, November 29, 1862.

Captain ED. B. WILLIS,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding, Hart's Mill:

Bradford Daily and Captain W. L. Parvin (late of our regiment) are sent out by me to watch the movements of the Texans on the Pecos. As they will go by way of Captain Pishon's depot be good enough to apprise them of the readiest mode of reaching it. This they can learn through Captain Hammond, if he has returned, or they can meet him on the orad. While at your post these gentlemen will remain at Hart's Mill and out of sight as much as possible. No one but yourself, Captain Hammond, or Major McMullen must know their business. Be good enough to render them every assistance to put them on the road in proper trim.

I am, captain, yours, very truly,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 107. Tucson, December 1, 1862.

I. Companies G, First Infantry California Volunteers, Captain H. A. Greene, and E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will march for

