
to be published, as tit has been urging them on to perpetrate these acts of treason, all the officers between here and the Potomac, in my humble opinion, cannot prevent frequent collisions between the soldiers and the citizens, the ultimate result of which will be civil war. I see it stated in one of the public prints that a U. S. marshal cannot hereafter make arrests under the order of the President relative to arrests for disloyal practices, but that all arrests must be made by a provost-marshal. I, not being at the headquarters of the regiment, am unfortunately deprived of the privilege of seeing any orders from any orders from Washington (none ever being forwarded to me), and therefore most respectfully ask that if such are the facts the present deputy U. S. marshal here, Mr. W. S. Powell, he appinted provost-marshal, with instructions how to proceed and what his powers are, &amp;c. ; also that I may receive some definite instructions relative to disloyal parties and what course I am to pursue in the premises. My last instructions relative to disloyal parties, dated October 16, 1862, according to my interpretation, do not permit an arrest to be made in any case except upon affidavit. Accompanying this communication I have the honor to forward such numbers of the Equal Rights Expositor as I have been able to procure, that the general may read and judge to what extent they are treasonable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Secnod Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

You are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise the regiment of infantry and the seven companies of cavalry mentioned in your letter of October 30.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BRAGG, CAL., December 2, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to report that my company (F), Second Infantry California Volunteers, embarked on the schooner Dashaway at Bucksport, near Fort Humboldt, ant 10 a. m. on the 21st of November, 1862, and landed at Noyo Creek near this post at noon yesterday. We were at sea over ten days. This slow passage and great delay was occasioned by the calm and foggy weather which prevailed during the entire passage. I exceedingly regret this delay. Here I was led to expect means of transportation to Round Valley some seventy-five miles distant, but I find upon examination that the acting assistant quartermaster at this post is unable to transfer to my acting assistant quartermaster (Lieutenant P. B. Johnson) not to exceed twenty-three mules and fourteen incomplete and old and dilapidated pack-saddles. Lieutenant Johnson has been, or rather will be, able to put them in serviceable condition by to-morrow night, at a small expense for new material. To-morrow or next day I shall start, with from twelve to fifteen pack animals belonging to a citizen, the only means of transportation it has been possible to

