
employ. With these and the fourteen Government packs we hope to be able to transport to Round Valley the company property, ammunition and supplies, mountain howitzer and ammunition and acting commissary of subsistence stores for at least thirty days for the command, numbering sixty-nine men and two commissioned officers, before the 15th of the present month. It is absolutely necessary to use the utmost dispatch and every available means to hurry along the supplies of the command, because the rain will so greatly raise the waters of Eel River as to prevent its being crossed, in fact [it will be] quite impassable and at the same time [will] obstruct the trail over the mountains to such an extent, I am informed, as to prevent the passage of a pack train. I will start from here on Friday morning, the 5th instant, with my command, and will be in Round Valley on or before the 10th, and, as a matter of course, I shall make forced marches in order to get across Eel River before the rainy weather sets in. I shall have the honor to forward an official report in detail of my progress from Fort Humboldt to Round Valley as soon as practicable after my arrival at the latter point. I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, December 2, 1862.

Major WILLIAM McMULLEN,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Hart's Mill:

I have received your letter of yesterday. Move on down to San Elizario without delay. Brad. Daily and Parvin are out watching the enemy. Should you gent news from them or any other source by which you are assured that the Texans are advancing upon you in larger force than you can successfully meet, or if you learn beyond doubt that they have moved up the Pecos beyond Horsehead Crossing to the north, then carry out my instructions of the 27th of November and fall back on Frnklin. If you think that you have time to send me word before you begin your work, do so, and wait as long as you can for an answer. I shall endeavor to join you, but in every event you must keep me advised of any important news, and how you intend to act upon it. Keep Lieutenant French's detachment of cavalry with you at San Elizario. Out of the wagons wiwith you retain five (or more if you really require them) for the use of your command. District General Orders, Numbers 24, will put you in possession of forage, and you can possibly buy some grama hay. If so, you have hereby the necessary authority. Get flesh onto horses and mules; insist upon the people bringing in their grain; the price is liberal. Stop any of it going to Mexico. Occupy your men with throwing up some temporary defenses, loop-holing houses, getting ready to lay waste, so that if the enemy should come upon you suddenly you will be quite ready to act. It will interest the men and keep them out of mischief. Lieutenant French's account contradicts all the rumors that we have had heretofore, yet it would be very easy for General Baylor to keep our men at Fort Clark puposely in entire ignorance of his movements at San Antonio; to send them up here with news that he was not coming, and then to follow immediately on their heels. At all events, we can lose noting by watchfulness and precaution. As yet I have no authority to take any spy company into the service, nor even to issue them subsistence. If the man Miller wants to organize a spy company I know

