
of nothing to prevent him. Organization is a very good basis, and he had better effect it. Let the people keep cool; try and instill them with some sort of confidence. It is really amusing to see how that one man, Skillman, has frightened them. Keep on the alert yourself, and we will fulfill our mission.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 24. Mesilla, December 2, 1862.

There is reason to believe that the Texans propose to revover possession of the Mesilla Valley. Its inhabitants have once been subjected to the outrages committed by the rebels. They remander well how they have been despoiled of their property; how their cattle have been stolen and their fields laid waste by these marauders. They remember, too, how all security to life, person, or property ceased to be when the forces of the enemy occuped the country. To a repetition of all these evils, and in a greatly exaggerated degree, must they now look forward unless they themselves shall join with the U. S. troops in resistance to the advancing foe. When the time comes for active resistance the undersigned will call upon the people of the Mesilla Valley to rally for the defense of their homes and their property, and he will place means at their disposal to enable them to do so effectually. Meanwhile some preparatory steps are necessary. It is indispensable that the U. S. troops should have in their possession all the corn, wheat, and flour in this valley not requird for the immediate use of the people. If it falls into the hands of the Texan not only will it be totally lost to its proper owner, but it will assist the Texan to ward off his direst foe-hunge. When delivered to U. S. officers it will either be paid for in cash or vourchers will be given to secure proper recompense to parties delivering it. And for their own use the people of the valley shall always have the privilege of purchasing these supplies at the cost price to Government. As hereafter supplies that can be made available by the enemy will not be allowed to remain in this district in a manner that will permit of their falling into his hands, the people of San Elizario, Ysleta, Socorro, Franklin, Amoles, La Mesa, Sanchez Ranch, Sant Tomas, Mesilla, Las Cruces, and Dona Ana are now hereby ordered to birng in their grain and flour to the U. S. authorities, and they will be settled with as hereinbefore indicated. Any person found with over two months' subsistence for his family, or necessary grain for his animals, within fifteen days after the publication of this order, will be considered as an enemy to the Government of the United States and will be treated accordingly. The commanding officers at San Elizario, Franklin, and Mesilla are ordered to provide depots for the reception of the property designated, and to give receipts in due form for the same. The depot quartermaster at Mesilla will settle with the proper owners upon the presentation of these receipts. The people of the Mesilla Valley know that the U. S. troops have afforded them protection, have paid them for their property, have re-established laws, government, and security among them. That people are now called upon to assist those in defending their homes from outrage and plunder. Unity of action is indispensable. There must be one head and one control. This duty has devolved upon the undersigned. He will exercise it for the welfare of the whole people, and he

