
will as assuredly summarily punish any one who shall jeopardize the safety of the comunity by any contravention of his orders.

J. R. WEST,

Colonel First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., December 3, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding the department that Company G, First Infantry California Volunteers, Captain, H. A. Greene, and Company E, First Cavalry Califronia Volunteers, Caapt. C. R. Wellman, marched yesterday for La Mesilla, in accordance with orders from Colonel J. R. West, commanding District of Arizona, to that effect. This leaves me but three companies in my disteict, two of infantry and one of cavalry, a force I consider inadequate to perform the duties prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 10, from headquarters Column from California, organizing this district. Colonel West also in his letter ordering forward Greene's and Wellman's companies, intimates that he will soon send for another company from here. I have now less than seventy-five men in garrison, and the town is filling up rapidly with a class of men who require constant watchfulness. In addition to this, Mr. Abraham Lyon, an Indian agent and deputy collector of customs, has arrived from Santa Fe, and will require military assistance in executing his duties. Under these circumstances I shall be compelled to take the responsibility of retaining the troops here, despite the order of Colonel West, unless more are sent from California to supply their place.

Trusting that this action, if I am compelled to take it, may meet the approval of the department commander, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, December 3, 1862.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

The detachment from Fort Crook will be stationed on Smoke Creek near Mud Lake.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 4, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The explanation relative to the delay of Captain Douglas' company in departing for Round Valley is satisfactory to the department commander. * The general leaves it discretionary with you whether to

---------------

* See Lippitt to Drum, November 22, p. 229.

---------------

