
post or not companies at Larrabee Creek and Fort Seward. With reference to trail for minor offenses, the general instructs me to say that offenders of that character will be tried in accordance with the late law on the subject. The general desires me to say that Fort Bragg cannot for the present be abandoned. You are auhorized by the general to assemble a board of officers for the examination of such persons as may be recommended for appointment or promotion in your regiment, reporting the result of examination to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 6, 1862.

Major General GEORGE WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Your attention is called to the propriety of garrisoning Fort Bridger with a part of the Califonia regiment.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 220. San Francisco, Cal., December 6, 1862.

* * * * * * *

7. Lieutenant Colonel George S. Evans, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Camp Douglas, near Salt Lake City, and assume command of his regiment.

8. Company F, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will on Thursday next proceed to and take post at Camp Union, near Sacramento. The enlisted men, except Sergeant Manning, belonging to his company, on duty at the provost-marshal's office, will be relieved from duty thereat and sent to their company. a number of men equal to that now on duty at the provost office will be selected from the Second Cavalry recruits at the presidio to replace those of Compnay F, relieved. The Second Cavalry recruits at the Presidio not required for duty as provost guard will remain at that post under the command of Lieutenant Starr, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assitant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,

Tucson, December 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the reception of orders from Colonel J. R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanding District of Arizona, to forward from this place without delay Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers. As the order was coupled with the information that the enemy were expected, I cannot take the responsibility of retaining the company, though it will weaken me very

16 R R-VOL L, PT II

