
much. I shall be compelled to call in the small detachments I have now stationed in various places and concentrate as much as I am able. This action will I fear give rise to claims for damages against the Government for want of that protection which settlers here protest was guaranteed them. I do not now consider myself competent to carry out the instructions contained in General Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Column from California, by which this district was organized, and my object in communcating these facts to the department commander is that the responsibility of such claims or failure on my part to carry out these instructions may rest in the right quarter.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, December 6, 1862.

Major THEO. A. COULT,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Westers Arizona, Tucson:

Your communication of the 22nd ultimo, givning an account of your action and the progress of affairs in the Western District of Arizona, has been received. It is gratifying tonote that your command is experiencing the good effects of proper management and zealous attention. I take occasion to thank you for your earnest desire to assist me in the management of the affairs of this district. Full copies of your records have been forwarded to department headquarters, and no doubt will commend themselves to the approval of the general commanding. Permit me to call your attention to district General Orders, Numbers 23, and to the fact hat up to the latest dates the field returns thereby required had not been forwarded by you.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 8, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Assistant Adjutant-General Vincent's telegraphic dispatch of the 2nd instant, conveying the authority of the Secretary of War for me to raise a regiment of volunteer infantry and seven companies of cavalry. To insure the appointment of none but efficient and competent officers, I have organized a board of experienced officers of the army at my headquarters, to examine into the qualifications of all applicants for appointments, and submit to me recommendations for filling the different grades; and if approved, I shall then present their names to the Governor of the State, who will issue the commissions. This plan will secure the services of good and reliable men as officers, and has received the cordial approval of Governor Stanford. The seven companies of cavalry will complete the organization of the First Cavalry California Voluteers,

