
now with Brigadier-General Carleton, in New Mexico; and if it is the wish of the General-in-Chief (as I presume it is from his dispatch to me some time since) that these seven companies should be sent to New Mexico by the southern route, I propose to advance them by company or squadron as fast as organized, via Fort Yuma, thus enabling them to pass the deserts without the inconvenience attending the movement of a large command.

The infantry regiment can be well employed within this department. The vast extenf of country and the threatening aspect of our Indian affaris require at least one of the arts of war to be well understood; that is the "art of distributing troops. " In the District of Oregon, by the prudence and foresight of Brigadier-General Alvord, peace has thus far been maintained, but it is much to be feared that collisions will be brought about between the large number of our people who have overrun the mining regions and the Indians now on their reservations. Last winter, in accordance with the authority granted to me by the Secretary of War, I suspened the further organization of the Oregon cavalry regiment, on the completion of six companies. Circumstances may arise in the early spring rendering it necessary to complete the regimental organization by raising six additional companies of cavalry. I doubt not that and ntire regiment of mounted troops will be necessary on the route from Fort Hall to Oregon and Washington to protect the large emigration arriving from the Eastern States during the summer and fall months.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 8, 1862.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of the State of California, Sacramento City, Cal.:

SIR: I have authority from the Secretary of War to raise in this State another regiment of infantry and seven companies of cavalry. The cavalry companies are designed to complete the orgnaization of the First Cavalry California Volunteers, now consisting of only five companies. I have organized a board of experienced army officers at my headquarters for the purpose of preparing a plan of organization, and examining the candidates for appintment, ad submitting their recommedations for my action. From time to time, as I recive the recommendations of the board, I propose to submit them to the consideration of Your Excellency. It is believed that the plan proposed for selecting the officers will secure the services of efficient and relaible men. The power of commissioning the officers is by law vested with the Govenors of States, and should you approve of my plans, and refer all applicants for appointments to the consideration of the board before giving any commissions, Your Excellency will be relieved from much embarrassment and annoyance.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

