
Without entering into details I am well convinced that prudentail considerations demand the presence of a force in that country strong enough to look down any opposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 221. San Francisco, Cal., December 9, 1862.

1. Company D (Ffrench's), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to and take post at Fort Yuma.

2. On the arrival of Captain Ffrench's company at Fort Yuma, Company H, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Tucson, Ariz. Ter.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT CHURCHILL, December 9, 1862 - 12 m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

The Pi-Ute chiefs informed me that the Smoke Creek Indians, who have been committing depredations in vicinity of Honey Lake, are now camped thirty miles from this post. I sent out yesterday sixty soldiers and ten Indian guides under command of Captain Ketcham. Hope entire parto of sixty warriors and families and stock will be captured.

C. McDERMIT,

Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, December 9, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sant Fe:

The impunity with which the rebels continue to plot and practice against us in El Paso and throughout certain portions of Chihuahua induces me to suggest to the general commanding the department the expediency of coming to an undestanding on the subject with the Governor of that State. To this end I recommend that Major D. Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, be sent to Chihuahua with a suitable escort to confer with the Governor, under such instructions as seem called for by the facts of which the general commanding is congizant. I also beg leave to remind the department commander that although the enemy may not advance as lately threatened, we are liable to be diverted from really serviceable duties by constant alarm of his intention to invade the Territory. A discreet officer could make secret arrangements in the city of Chihuahua to send and keep spies at all times in San Antonio, Tex. This would be an economy to Government, and, in my opinion, a judicious precaution.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

