
each station-three of infantry as a standing guard and three of cavalry to ride. It will from this readily be seen that the force at present here is inadequate for the service required. I would respectfully suggest that there should be at least three companies of infantry and two of cavalry stationed in this district. With that force I could, I think, secure protection to our own trains and to the property of the citizens of this Territory. I would further suggest, however, that it is inconvenient and a cause of great delay to compel this district to report to Messila and be obliged to wait until communcation can be had through those headquarters to department headquarters and a return through the same channel. I would recommend, therefore, that this district be made independent of the other, or that the headquarters of the whole District of Arizona be remvoed to Tucson.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] FORT YAMA, December 6, 1862.

DEAR MAJOR: Inclosed please find two letters, one from Mr. Ehrenberg, of La Paz, and one found near this post and directed to Joseph Dan or Grinnel. I have instituted inquiries about the matter and will, I think, be able to give you full particulars in my next. In the meantime I most respectfully advise you to be on your guard. Please return the letters.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JNO S. THAYER.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] LA PAZ, N. MEX., November 6, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORT YAMA, CAL.:

SIR: By Cruz, a Yuma, and Triteva, head chief of the Mojaves, I send you certificates of severa horses of mine-fifty, stolen here from Reed and Brother's ranch by the said Reeds and some twenty-five other persons, day before yesterday. Persons here who seem to have been privy, state that these horse thieves are secessionists; that they are to be joined by from 300 to 500 others scattered through the mountains and along the bottoms of the Gila and Colorado Rivers; that it is their intention to take all Govenment stores and trains in the road to Tucson, surprise the latter place, and then move on to Fort Yuma. Succeeding in their scheme, it is the intention to start a rebellion in California. I do not know how much of this may be true, but there is more muschief brewing, or it may be only a feint to cover their retreat of flight into Sonora. At all events it would be well, if it is not too late, to put all these places on their guard. I take the liberty to advise the following plan: First. To start an wxpress forthwith via the old Gila route to Tucson. Second. A second express via Tinaja Alta, Sonoita, and Cahuali it Tucson. Third. An express to Sonora, with the inclosed certificates, and a requisition to have the party arrested and delivered over to the U. S. authorities as horse thieves-a crime coming under the privisions of the late extradition treaty between the United States and Mexico. I also send you the names of so many of the party as I could gather in a hurry, amongst which is on of the Showaltler party, I am told. I would have sent this yesterday, but by a succession of reverses I have been cut off from my supplies; that is, I was

