
without the necessary means here. Had I had a good mule I would have taken and Apache guide to the Gila and started for Tucson yesterday; but I could not do it, for the reasons above stated. I have told Cruz and Triteca that you would pay them liberally for their sevices, and hope you will do so. For myself, I refer you to General Wright, Colonel Beale, surveyor-general of California, Messrs. Hooper, Jacques, Hinton, and Fitch, now at Fort Yuma. You will of course keep my name secret, as it might inconvencience me and prevent me from rendering further service to the cause of the great American Union.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HERMAN EHRENBERG.

If there is really any danger for the party at Tucson, they might concentrate at Apache Pass, provided there are provisions enough there. As they hold the only water for some distance, no long siege could be made. The place would be safe consequently if a good position could be secured. Many persons, under pretense of prospecting the country for minerals, have crossed here and at Fort Mojave from time to time, and have disappeared afterward, and others are reported on their way out, some down the river, others toward the San Francisco Mountains by the Beale's route, perhaps to go down the San Francisco and Salinas Rivers to the Gila bend below the Maricopa villages, which may be the rendezvous.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] CAMP GALEN, November 22, 1862.

This camp is about sixty miles from Fort Yuma. I don't know where the attack will be made. There is one man there that I fear and that is a God damned cock-eyed fellow that did reide express up on the Gila River. He cut us out of Veck's train by reporting at Bowie. He is there now, for John Frazier saw him and says that he has been waiting for a discharge for a good while. He is as smart as a steel trap and a God damned Southern abolitionist. King or Martin would give $500 for his head. I send this by an Indian. Burn it as quick as read.

Yours, truly,

THOMAS ASHER,

Second Lieutenant, Confederate Volunteers.

OFFICE INDIAN AFFAIRS,

NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

San Francisco, December 10, 1862.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT:

SIR: Inclosed please find copy of my letter to Honorable William P. Dole, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at Washington, and his reply by telegraph received this day. * I hope the orders you have given declaring martial law in the Round Valley and authorizing the removal of the settlers will not be annulled or revoked. I have directed the supervisor to let the settlers remain and not to make a requisition for their removal until spring, or unitl the weather is favorable, provided they discontinue their annoyances.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintendent Indian Affairs, Northers District California.

---------------

* See pp. 175, 246.

---------------

