
FORT WRIGHT, CAL., December 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that all I have met so far of the settlers in Round Valley appear to be peaceable and law-abiding men. I have only seen about twenty or so, and they tell me that they are entirely willing to live under any law the Government pleases to set over them. There is no doubt that there are some disloyal men here; but so far they have kept very quiet. On my march into the valley yesterday, I passed the only whisky shop in this valley. I ordered it closed forthwith. The order was obeyed without a word. I had information that this was the headquarters of the disloyal men of the valley, and to prevent trouble between my men and them just now I thought it was best to close the house. Ihave had no time to investigate any charges against the settlers of this valley, such as destroyinf fences on the reservation and running off the Indians and like misdeeds. The men that it is supposed shot at Mr. Short (the supervisor) were two men named Lamb and Ward, both since dead. I will hold an investigation of all these matters as soon as Mr. Short returns from San Francisco.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

FORT WRIGHT,

Round Valley, Cal., December 12, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to report the safe arrival of my command in this valley late yesterday evening. The command marched from Fort Bragg. I was compelled to remain there a day to wait the coming up of part of the pack train with a portion of my provisions. At Long Valley I was detained another day be a severe rainstorm which rendered traveling an impossibility. The march from Fort Bragg was a very sever one, taxing the powers of endurance of the men to a great extent. At one time it seemed as though I should be compelled to abandon the object of my march and erect winter shelters in Long Valley. The sudden rains of this season of the year are liable to raise the waters of Eel River so as to render it nearly if not quite impossible to cross it. Even in the present low waters it is a bad stream to cross, and when the waters rise it must of necessity become very dangeours and difficult to pass. Now that the command is in the valley, I am running a great risk of becoming short of subsistence stores. The means of transportation, Government and citizen, that could be obtained did not suffice to bring with the command into the valey ten days' complete rations. If the pack animals (they return to Fort Bragg this morning) can cross Eel River on their return in about ten days they will be able to bring with them a large proportion of the subsistence stores (forty days) turned in by Acting Commissary of Subsistence Lieutenant Johnson. Lieutenant and Acting Commissary of Subsistence Johnson has forwarded the necessary requisition on the proper departments at San Francisco for supplies for six monhts, to shipped to

