
Fort Bragg. I shzall make every exertiion to get all of the supplies into the valley if possible before the flod, but with only fruteen pack-mules and fourteen imperfect pack-saddles belonging to Government and fifteen old pack-horses hired of actiizen I cannot hope to receive any great supply. I beg leave to suggest that Acting Acommissary of Subsistence Johnson be authorized to purchase if possible a six month's supply of flour. It can bek purchased, I am assured, within a two days' packing distance o fthis valley for from $4 to $5 per hundred. I am compelled to pay $6 per hundred for packing from the coast here-Fort Bragg. To-day I have reconnoitered the valley. I have been unable to find a suitable place for a camp and the erection of a winter shelter in the immediate vicinity of the headquarters of the Nome Cult Reservation. The best place, and the one I have selected, is near the center of the valley on a high ground, never overflowed, handy to wood and water and to building materials. It is about a mile and a half from the headquarters of the reservaion, and in a military and every other point of view by far the most desirable place in the whole valley for a military camp or post. I have taken the liberty of naming this post Fort Wright, in honor of the commander of the Pacific Department, and trust that my choice will be approved

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 12, 1862.

Colonel P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah Ter.:

SIR: Inclosed you will receive a copy of a telegram from the General-in-Chief to the department commander. * In addition to the garrison sent to Bridger, the general commanding desires you to occupy such other points on or near the overland route as you may deem essential for its proper protection, retaining, however, your present position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 15, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: His Excellency Governor Stanford has organized at varius points within this State volunteer companies of militia, composed entirely of good Union men. The great difficulty has been the want of arms. The quota for the State has long since been exhausted, and in view of the good results to be expected from these organizations, I have already palced at the diposal of the Governor a limited number of small-arms and equipments, and he now asks for an additional supply

---------------

*See Halleck to Wright, December 6, p. 241.

---------------

