
for several companies he is organizing in the State. In view of the state of feelingk existing in certain localities, and the impossibility of posting my troops at every point, the best interests of the Government require that we should encourage by every means in our power the formation of volunteer companies of patriotic men. The greatest care will be taken by the Governor that no man who is disaffected toward the Union, or who has any sympathy with the rebellion, be enrolled. I have assured Governor Stanford of my cordial co-operation and assistance, and that I would give him such arms and equipments as could be spared from the Governor arsenals without detriment to the service.

Hoping that my acts my be approved by the General-in-Chief and War Department, I have the honor to be your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

PORTLAND, OREG., December 15, 1862.

GENERAL ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: It has been rumored that the company of Captain Whannell, of San Francisco, is not attached to any regiment. I thereore respectfully recommend that it be attached to the Oregon Cavalry. Allow me further to recommend that the regiment of Oregon cavalry be fille dup. However, I do not think it can be made up in Oregon in the same manner that it was commenced; that is, by furnishing their own horses. Men might be got, I think, if horses can be furnished them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 15, 1862.

His Excellency WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowedge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 21st ultimo. I think that with the force I shall have during the coming year at or in the vicinity of Salt Lake, and the re-enforcements which I propose to send to the Walla Walla District, ample protection will be afforded for all emigrants approaching this country, provided they themselves excercise ordinary precautions, and will avail themselves of the offered escorts; but if they on entering the Indian scatter in every direction, I cannot be responsible for their safety. I have already recommended the establishment of a strong military ost on the Snake River, whch with the movable column to be sent out during the sumner and fall months will, it is believed, effectually prevent a recurrence of those scenes of murder and pillage which have been enacted for so many years past.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

