HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 16, 1862.

The undersigned, commanding the Military Department of the Pacific, takes great pleasure in announcing to the patriotic citizens of California that he has been authorized by the honorable Secretary of War to call upon His Excellency, the Governor, for an additional regiment of infantry and seven companies of cavalry to be mustered into the service of the United States. The troops called for are designed for distant service in the field, and will be commanded by able and experienced officers. Clifornians, you have already exhibited a nolbe devotion to the Union. Ten thousand men furnished by your state, and the magnificent voluntary contributions in money and supplies which you have sent forward to aid our sick and wounded, soldiers in the East, bear witness to your love for the old flag. Knowing, as I do, the people of this State, their love of country, their intelligence, their zealous and holy attachment to the Union, I appeal to them with confidence. Respond promptly to the call; rally under the protecting folds of the glorious old starspangled banner, and swear fidelity to the Union.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 16, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers:

(Through Brigadier-General Carleton, Sante Fe, N. Mex.)

SIR: The general commanding the department has perused with care and much interest your report* as to the practicability of the routes from Tuscon to LIbertad and Lobos Bay, copies of which will be forarded for the consdieratin of the Secretary of War and the Quartemaster-General. The accumulation of so large an amount of valuable information is highly creditable, and the general with pleasure commends your zeal in carrying out his instructions. The general desires me to say that he will recommend you for the colonelcy of the First Cavalry, the additonal companies of which will join you early in the spring.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Asssitant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 16, 1862.

Colonel P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Third Infty., California Vols., Commanding Dist. of Utah, Camp Douglas, Salt Lake City, Utah Ter.:

SIR: Your letter+ transmitting Major Edward McGarry's report of an expedition to recover a white boy held by the Indians has been submitted to the department commander, and by him forwarded for the information of the War Department. The general commends your activity and promptness, as well as the good conduct of Major McGarry and the officers and men under his command. All that you

---------------

*To appear in Series III.

---------------

+See Part I, p. 181.

