
have done and propose to do is approved by the general, who feels that he can safely rely upon your sound judgment for conducting to a favorable issue the delicate duty assigned you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, New San Pedro, December 18, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: By the express of last evening from Fort Yuma I received a communication from Brigadier-General Carleton, dated headquarters Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex., November 18, 1862.

I have recently receives such circumstantial rumors that 6,000 Confederate troops are about to make another demonstration against this Territory as to justify me in calling upon you to come forward without delay to the Rio Grande with at least three of the five companies now forming the garrison at Fort Yuma; that you reqest, by express, the commander of the Department of the Pacific to send Forman's regiment to Fort Yuma, so that on its arrival these two last companies of your regiment left by you under Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins can come on without delay to join you, and I beg of you to request of General Wright that he will order four of Forman's companies forward to Tucson; that three of these may hold that point and one occupy Fort Bowie. This will relieve the whole of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers by the Fourth, and give you your whole regiment on the Rio Grande. I shall count on your leaving Fort Yuma for Tuscon immediately on the receipt of this.

I do not know what view the general commanding the department may take of this matter, but it seems to me that it would be scarcely possible to make a march of 1,000 miles, as I would have to do from this point, in time to render him any aid against the supposed Confederate force by which he is threatened. May General Carleton not be mistaken about the rumor of rebels [moving] into New Mexico for if General Banks be on his way in Texas all of the rebel troops will be needed there. I am willing to do any service required of me, but I should be sorry to make such a march merely for the sake of a march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. BOWIE,

Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, December 18, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES N. OLNEY,

Second Infty. California Volunteers, Commanding at Fort Gaston:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the district you to obtain from the Houston Indians, under the treaty made with them by you, two reiabel Indians guides and to forward them without delay to Captain Flynn, at Fort Baker. You are authorized to commence operations against the Indians with your command as soon as in your judgment there is a reasonable prospect of success, forwarding in all cases na official report to these headquarters of all scouts or expeditions made under your orders.

By order of Colonel Lippitt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Second Infty. California Vols., jt. General, Humboldt Military District.

