
SAN FRANCISCO, December 19, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

I request authority to raise four companies of native cavalry in the Los Angles district, to be commended by a patriotic gentleman, Don Andres Pico.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,,San Francisco, Cal., December 19, 1862.

Major THEODORE A. COULT,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding District of Western Arizona, Tucson, Ariz. Ter.:

SIR: Your letter of the 26th ultimo with inclosure having been submitted to the general commanding the department, I am instructed to say in reply that the District of Western Arizona was temporarily placed under the command of Brigadier-General Carleton for the purpose of faciliting the movement of the Column from Califronia, and having it promptly and proerly supplied. As this necessity no longer exists, General Carleton has been informed that the department commander will relieve him of the command of the district. The general desires you to comply with General Carleton's requisitions for supplies for Colonel West's command. Authority has recently been received to raise seven companies of cavalry to complete the organization of the First Regiment of California Cavalry. This force will be sent forward early in the spring. In the meantime the general desires you to make such preparations as may be in your power, and forward for his consideration such suggestions as you may deem pertinent for the speedy and economical transfer of these companes to the Department of New Mexico. The general has recommende dto His Excellency the Governor your name for the vacancy created by the resignation of Lieutenant-Colonel Dobbins, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 19, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Wright desires me to inform you that authority has been granted the Governor of this State to raise seven companies of cavalry to complete the organization of the First Regiment of California Cavalry. This force will be thrown forward by company, via Fort Yuma, as rapidly as its organization and equipment will permit. With the exception of two companies now at Camp Drum, the whole of Bowie's regiment is at and in advance of Fort Yuma. The general has heretofore refrained from giving any orders in relation to Western Arizona, fearing that if he did so you might possibly be trammeled in your operations. As the Column from California has passed beyond the limits of this departument, and there being no possibility of its return to this coast, at least for some time, the general will relieve you from the command of the district, giving commanders

