
therein instructions to comply with such requisitions for supplies as may be deemed necessary for the column. Should you now or at any time hereafter deem it important and necessary in your operations that Arizona should be embraced within the limits of the Department of New Mexico, the application for its transfer will meet with no objections from General Wright.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQURTES DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,

Mesilla, December 19, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe.:

I returnedk to this post on the 16th instant from a visit to the troops at Franklin and San Elizario. At both points the displince is excellent and the commands fully prepared for such action as the advance of the enemy may render necessary. Of the Texans there is nothing new. A paragraph in the San Antonio Herald of October 25, forwarded in a bundle to the general commanding, is somewhat significant. The scout to Horsehead Crossing has not been heard from, nor have I any news from either Captains McCleave or PisHonorable The inclosed copy* of a letter from Major Coult will apprise you that Captains Greene and Wellman are on the march for this station; they will probably reach here to-morrow. I inclose a list of clothing coming forward with them from Tucson. Captain Moore, assistant quartermaster, arrived to-day. Captain Davis, acting assistant quartermaster, should reach here on the 22nd instant. On the arrival of the latter a reorganization of the entire quartermaster's department of the district will be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, December 20, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Franciso, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of date December 12, 1862, inclosing telegraph from General-in-Chief to department commander, is just received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that since my arrival here I have been awar that efforts were being made to dissever my command. The rear Governor of this Territory, Brigham Young, and his satellites on the one hand, and agents and contractors on the other, have since my arrival here constantly worked to separate thisocmmand, the former, with his usual sagacity, for the attainment of his own purposes and without the least doubt of his success (high authrity states that he has openly boasted, in fact, that he would drive me away from here before spring), and the latter from a desire to make money out of the Government. Judge Carter, agent of the Overland Mail Company east of here and sutler of Fort Bridger, with other interested persons within this district, have not so much the interests of the Government or the

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

