
CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, December 21, 1862.

[Colonel R. C. DRUM, Assistant Adjutant-General:]

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of instructions dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, December 12, 1862, and beg leave to make known the following facts for the consideration of the general commanding the department: I have caused to be arrested and confined, as per instructins, the three following-named persons: Smith Fine, David Fine, and ---- Work, who had the audacity to ride and drive in front of the battalion while on dress parade, hurrahing for Jeff. Davis and Stonewall Jackson. These men, though very rabid secessionists, are merely the ignorant tools of designing men, and I think a short time in military prison will probably cure them of the mania. The archtraitors and head and front of the rebels I should have had already arrsted and sent to Alcatraz Island had the force at my disposal been sufficient to warrant me in thus weakening the command. This command does not number more than 100 effective men, and the rebels can bring against it 250 men in twenty-four hours and 400 in two days all of them well armed. The Union element is greatly in the minority and almost without arms. The route from Visalia to Stockton or to Los Angeles is through the most rebel portion of the State, and would necessitate a guard of a least fifty men, which would leave this camp almost at the mercy of the enemy and without a sufficient number for camp duty. I have, therefore, after consulation with my brother officers, thought it more prudent not to arrest the ringleaders, but wait for re-enforcements that they may be arrested and sent to department headquarters with all the force necessary for the due enforcement of the law and dignity of the American Government. In the meantime I will have them, if necessary, arrested and confined that I can hold the camp until that arrival of re-enforcements. I would most respectfully urge the necessity of having Companies D and I filled to their maximum number.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, Cal., December 22, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco:

COLONEL: In obedience to orders headquarters Department of the Pacific, of date November 14, I have established Lieutenant Williams and twenty-five men of Company C, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, at Smoke Creek, Nev. Ter. The detachment left this post on the 10th instant, and arrived at their destination on the 15th instant. The quarters and stables are sufficiently finished to afford comfortable shelter for men and horses, and the remaining work will be completed immediately. I was enabled to take but forty days' subsistence stores from here, but one load having arrived from Churchill before I left. The command will be well supplied until the balance required can be forwarded. Lieutenant Williams has receivedk orders

