
as directed relative to protecting the inhabitants. I do not think that the people in the immediate neighborhood of Susanville are, or will be, in any danger. From the information received while in the valley it is evident tome that the Indians infesting that region are a small band of renegades from different tribes, and owing allegiance to none, but not of sufficient number to interfere with the business of the valley or create any serious alarm, but whose depredations will be confined to stealing cattle and killing any small unarmed parties they may be able to surprise on the Humboldt road, and then retreating to their haunts in the mountains. I have instructed Lieutenant Williams to consider all Indians found in arms, eithe ron the rod or in its immediate vicinity, as hostiel, and to kill them without any reference to depredations committed, as I consider that they will not be found there unless they mean mischief. The difficulty of communication with Fort Crook being great at this season, and frequently impossible, Lieutenant Williams will report direct to department headquarters the state of affairs at his station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MELLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 22, 1862.

Brigadier General B. WLVOERD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Your letters in relation to heavy ordnance for armament at the mouth of the Columbia River have received the attention of this, and the Engineer, as also of the War Department. After full considratin of the subject, in connection with our present measn of providing armament, and of the want of it in other positions requiring more immediate attention, it has been suggested to, and approved by, the War Department, to supply a portion of that you mention, viz, two 15-inch guns, twenty-three 10-inch and five 8-inch columbiads, and fifteen Parrott 200-pounders with proper ammunition, &amp;c., as soon as possible, consistently with other imperative requirements.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 23, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have already forearded estimates and asked for authority to establish a military post at or near Fort Boise, on the Snake River. The great necessity for a strong garrison in that quarter is daily becoming more apparent. In the very heart o fthe mining districts of the north, and on the route by which the vast emigration from the East approaches that country, a strong military force can afford protection to all against those wandering bands of Indians which infest that section, and maintain peace between the races. In accordance with the authority of the Secretary of War, communicated to me through your office, I suspended the further organization of the regiment of

