
From Salmon to Lewiston is inside of forty miles, so sthat the neitre distnace from this city to Fort Boise is only 135 miles. They found nothing in the river to impede navigation whatever, and pronounced it feasible at any season of the year unless it be by ice. The examination of the river has resulted in establishing the fact that Snake is navigable for steamers, and will be much after safer to travel than the river is from Lewiston to the mouth of Snake. This is euqlly as gratifying to the projector of the scheme as it is to the citizens of Lewiston and the country at large. A new route will now be opened for steam, the results of which cannot now be foretold. We shall penetrate Nevada and Utah Territories by steam, as it is well known that it is only ninety miles from Fort Boise to Salmon Falls, on Snake River. Salmon Falls is within 250 miles of Salt Lake City. A new avenue of trade will then be opened, and those who have risked their fortune and periled their lives are justly entitled to the gratitude of the people, and a rich reward shall be their portion. But a few more suns will rise and sent before the shill whistle of the steamer will reverberate along the bank sof this noble river, and its echo will be heard for ages yet to come through the ravines, gorges, cannons, and on the muntain tops in our golden land, as a symbol of ambition, perseverance, and goaheadativeness. More anon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 23, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Dist. of Southern California, New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: The threatening aspect of affairs on the Rio Grande will, in the opinion of the general commanding the department, require that strong re-enforcements should be sent as early in the coming spring as practicable from this coast to the Department of New Mexico. Should this necessity exist at the time specified, you will be sent with the balance of your regiment to the East. For this purpose, and to facilitate the movement of the new cavalry companies at the same time, the general desires you to make all needful preparations. The cavalry companies will be sent forward by company as fast as this organization will permit. The above will explain the order detaching Captain Ffrency's company for temporary service at Fort Yuma. If the means at your disposal will permit and the weather in the south continues propitious, another company might be sent to Yuma. This arrangement would facilitate your movement in the spring.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORT WRIGHT, CAL.,December 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honorto transmit a copy of the testimony taken at a general invesigation of Indian affairs held in Round Valley, by myself, on the 18th and 19th instant. * The examination was conducted

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

