
with reference to certain charges preferred against the settlers of this valley, such as killing Indians on the reservation, running the Indians out of the valley, destroying the Government fences, andturning their cattle andhogs into the fields, and destroying the crop and other Government proerty. Also that the settlers of Round Valley were a set of lawless men, and that all or nearly all were disloyal to the Government of the United States. The general commanding will see by the testimony given under oath by theemployes on the reservation that they entirely fail to prove any of the above chrges. They swear positively that they never saw any Indians killed on the reservation, and never heard any of the settlers threateing to kill the Indians if they did not leave the reservation and valley. It is shown that Captain Short, the supervisor, parted with the 400 or 500 Indians that left the valley last October, in a "very cordial manner. " It is now certain that these Indians did not leave through fear of the settler, nor on account of any threats they had made. But they did leave to prevent starvation. Winter season they knew would overtake them if they remained on the reservation, where they knew there was nothing for them to east. They knew and said that they would be compelled to kill cattle, if they remained, or starve, and the knew also that if they did kill the settlers' stock the settlers would kill them; so that nothing but death awaited the poor Indian if he stopped on the reservation. No matter which way the Indian turned, a cruel started him in the face.

Now, the question is, which of the two parties is to blame for this wild and disorderly state of Indian affairs, the Government agents or the settlers? Without question, the superintendent, Mr. Hanson, and the supervisor, Mr. Short, are the parties guilty of the whole truble. Through their misrepresentations they have caused it all. The interests of the Gothe Indians have been grossly and shamefully neglected in this valley. The entire reservation is in a most ruinous condition, rendered so by neglect. There is no fencing on the resevation that will prevent stock from breaking in anyehwere; they try nothing hardly to protect the crops, put in to feed the Indians, from the depredations of a large bands of stock belongingf to the settlers and the Government. The superivsor testifies on oath that he reported to Superintendent Hansom that the settlers were destroying the fences, and at the same time states positively that he never saw any one do it, and don't know as any one did do it. There was no need of any one taking somuch trouble, as any stock coudl easily get over or through the fencing. A great portion of the field is and was without any fencing at all, and Supervisor Short stated under oath that, if farming on private account, he 'shoud have halted to put in a crop proteted by such fences. " Yet he seems to consider a Government crops well enough protected by such fences. A faithful servant of the Government, surely!

The supervisor's two sons, employes on the reservation, swear that if farming on private accunt they would not have trusted their crops to the protection of any such fencing as there is on the reservation. Mr. Robinson (an honest man, I believe, and the best man employed on the reservation), and odl farmer, testifieds to the same thin, and further states that it is the wors-managed place or concer he ever saw. From my own observation I know that he tells the truth As per example: The supervisor does not know the number of Indians on the reservation, does not know the amount of provisions, if any, on the reservation, nor does he know the number of cattle, horses, or hogs

