
belonging on the reservation. He knows nothing of what he has or should have. While he was absent for at least ten days the first of the present month at San Frncisco, he left the keys of the Government store-houses on the reservation in charge of a squaw. My acting assistant quartermaster, Lieutenant Johnson, could not botain public letters, that were finally found in the supervisor's room, because said squaw was absent with the keyes. These letters were rom headquarters of the department, and addressed to me at this place. I have myself road around and all over the entire reservation, and have seen enugh to convice me that Government interests have been most shamefully neglected. Even had the supervisor saved all of the crops put in last year there would not have been enough to feed one-third of the Indians then on the reservation. The greater portion of the crops was put in a field full of weeds of all kinds; indeed, the field has not been plowed for two years or more. It could not, therefore, be expected that seed cast on such ground would yield a good crop. And even this poor crop, if it can be called a crop, was lost by carelessness and the utter uselessness of the fences.

There were about twenty-three Indians kileld last August by about twenty or more of the settlers. These Indians were killed on the reservation within a mile of the superivisor's house and about 100 yards fro his son's house; yet neither the supervisor nor his son could tell the names of any of the party that killed the Indians at their very doors. The Indians were Wylackees, a wild and hostile band. The supervisor's two sons were told that the Indians were to be killed that very night, and one of his sons swears that he told his farther of it the same night; yet none of them made any efrforts to prevent he killing. The testimony shows that one of the supervisor's sons gave his revolver to Martin Corbert, knowing what use MartinCorbert was going to make of it. Another one of the superivisor's sons took his wife and famiy away from the upper statin to his farther' shuse, as he swears himself, to prevent his wife and family away from the upper station to his father's huse, as he swears himself, to prevent his wife from being frightened during the affray that he knew was to take place between the settlers and the Indians. This same son testifies under oath that all of the whites on the reservation and the Indians and all the settlers in the valley were in fear of this band of Wylackees. From allthe testimony taken on this matter I am convicened that the settlers killedthe Indians in self-defense. I would not say so much about these Indians but that it has been reported that they were a peaceful tribe living on the reservation. But as the whole testimony on the subject is before the department commander he is the proper officer to judge whether or not the Indians were killed by the settlers in self-defense.

It was also charged that the settlers of Round Valley shot at the superivisor in his own huse on the reservation. This is not true. It appears that two men, of the name of Lamb and Ward, did this shooting because the supervisor took their squaws away from them. These two men were not at that time or any other time settlers in this valley; neither were they supported in their lawless acts by the actual settlers of the valley. There has been a continued misrepresentation of Indian affairs and settlers off and from this valley to the general commanding and to the public at large during the last year or more, and the superintendent, Major Hanson, cannot but know the fact. He has been here several times in the last year, and, in my opinion, no man coud be in this valley twenty-four hours without seeing that the employes were grossly neglecting their duties, or at least those charged with the management of the reservation were doing so. I could and did see it

