
before I was here half the time named, and the superintendent ought to know, and no doubt does know, more abut Indian affairs than myself. The supervisor testifies that he never had any difficulty with any of the settlers except with Lamb and Ward, who were not considered by him as settlers.

I will here state that the mismanagement of Indian affairs in this valley has brought the Government into discredit, so much so that the settlers of the valley will not sell a pound of provisions to the Indian Department without the cash in hand. The superintendent and the supervisor's notes or bonds are held wortheless, andthe settlers justify themselves under the plea that the superintendent has never paid a dollar since he has been in office on any of the rservations, to their best knowledge and bedlief. He has not paid for anything in this valley since my coming into the valley.

The supervisor bought of Mr. Steven Smith about 2,500 bushels of corn to feed the Indians on, and for this small amunt Mr. Smith would not take the notes of the superintendent or supervisor, and to keep the poor Indians from starving a private citizen went security for the payment of the amount. It cannot be said with truth that Mr. Smith refused the notes of the Indian agents through any other feeling than that of making sure of his money, for which he is not to blame. I know Mr. Smith to be a truly loyal citizen. Being from the State of New York, he could not well be otherwise than loyal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, December 24, 1862.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

COLONEL: In my letter of the 21st instant I had the honor to state certain facts for the consideration of the general commanding the department. I again most respectfully urge the necessity of re-enforcements being sent here. The rebels are gathering like locusts. On yesterday a writ of habeas corpus was served on me for therelease of the prisoners, citing me to appear to-day at 12 m., which I shall most certainly not comply with, having refused to acknowledge the writ. I expect the sheriff will summon a strong posse comitatus, trying to regain them by force. Rest assured they will be warmly received.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, December 24, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: The withdrawal of twenty-five men from my command to garrison the post at Smoke Creek has left me much too small a force

