
to be of any service should any trouble arise with the Indians in this vicinity, and I respectfully reqest that a sufficient number of recruits my ordered to this post to render the garrison more competent to protect this portion of the country. I have at present but twenty-five men for all duties connected with the post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MALLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., December 24, 1862.

Honorable A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your letters of the 15th and 16th instant. I inclose herewith to you a copy of General Orders, Numbers 18, of the 21st of February, 1862, from the Adjutant-General's Office. * When I was in San Francisco I was informed that General Wright had recommended to the Governor of California that after the regiments or battalions were fully raised and organized vacancies should, as a general rule, be filled by promotion, as in the Army. This would leave to be otherwise filled the vacancies in the lowest grade, that of second lieutenant. One-half of these should be filled from the faithful non-commissioned officers or from the ranks. If a captain resigns, the senior first lieutenant should be promoted to fill his place, unless in case of manifest to the service; or in case he should decline promotion, the senior second lieutenant would be promoted to first lieutenant in his place. This system is the one best calculated to reward the faithfull officer or soldier. There are so few stimulatns and rewards for faitful service in this quarter that it is desirable to avail ourselves of all that offer. I understand the Governors of New York and some other States have adopted this rule. This is the mode of procedure: The general commanding the department will notify me and Lieutenant-Colonel Maury of the acceptance of the resignation of an officer; Colonel Maury will recommend the promotion or appointment; I will indorse the letter and forward the same to you. If the recommendation meets your approbation, you will notify me of your wishes. If it was an appointemnt from civil life, as in the case of a second lieutenant, or if appointed from the ranks, he would have to be examined by a board of officers ordered by myself, to report upon his fitness, loyalty, &amp;c. If the report of the board was favorable, I would then order that he should be mustered into the service of the United States, and would notify you so that you might send him a commission. Each of the officers now in the service was subjected to examination by such a board, but for promotion he would not, as a general rule, be directed to be re-examined. I am informed from department headquarters that Captain Whannell's company will be attached to a California infantry regiment. It has not yet been decided to ask for any incrase to the number of companies in the First Regiment of Oregon Cavalry.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

---------------

*Relates to the raising of volunteer regiments, &c. See Series III.

---------------

