
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., December 27, 1862.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Commanding Benicia Barracks:

Hold Noble's company of cavalry in readiness to proceed to Visalia. Direct quartermaster to get ready the transportation now on hand for that purpose.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, December 28, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

I have the honor to report that Bradford Daily returned on the 26th instant from a scout down the Pecos River as far as Horsehead Crossing. He was accompanied to that point by Captain Parvin and two men of Captain Pishon's expedition at the crossing he discovered sings of a party of some fifty mounted men with a wagon having been encamped there some fifteen days previously. That party had left the crossing and taken the road to Fort Stockton. Daily and his men encamped a mile and a half below Horsehead. In a few hours the Texans (as they evidently were) returned and commenced to trail Daily. He and his party made a detour on this side of the Pecos and escpaed them. From the fact that the Texans had been in that vicinity the length of time that their sings indicated Daily is of opinion that they were merely a scout of the enemy watching our movements. Other information of which I am possessed confirms that opinion. Mr. Daily's mission having been ended I have ordered him discharged. He has fulfilled his charge faithfully and obtained all the information that was to be had under the circumstances. In a private letter in my possession, dated Matamoras, September 10, written by Gabriel Valdez to his brother Luis, at El Paso, mention ismade that a party of ninety Unionists (Germans) attempted to escape in August from Fredericsburg into Mexico; that the Texans gave them battle and killed the majority of the party. Mr. Jegner, the leader of the Union men, arrived in Mesilla last night. His story is very interesting, and he sets forth that there are a large number of Unionists in the west of Texas who are cruelly oppressed, and who could co-operate effectually with any U. S. troops sent to their relief. I have taken Jegner into employment as teamster, so that his services may be availed of in future, if desired. Mr. Jegner says that General Baylor returned from Richmond to San Antonio with his appointment as Governor of Arizona; that he was endeavoring to raise a force of 6,000 men for a movement in this distriction. Great difficulties were experienced; transportation and supplies were not to be had and the people at large were averse to the enterprise. They cited the failure of Sibley's expedition; claimed that the country as not worth possessing, and now that their own coast was threatneed all the Texans would be wanted home. From all the information that I can gather I have arrived at the conclusion that there are no reasons at present to apprehend that we shall be trubled by the enemy's advance toward us. To endeavor to keep informed, however, Major Ferguson will visit Chihuahua to make the arrangements suggested by me previously. The contingency of our agents playing us false has not escaped reflection. Information obtained

