
through the sources in contemplation will require to be weighed, of course. It will be necessary to pay some agents well, but any expenditure in that way will be comparatively small, if the service is faithuflly rendered, in view of the advantages resulting otherwise. It will either leave us at full liberty to wage war against the Indians or our expectations of an advance by the Texans will be reduced to certainty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, December 28, 1862.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sante Fe:

I have the honor to report I have been advised by both Captains McCleave and Pishon of their being en route for Mesilla, in accordance with their instructions to return by the end of this month. Neither officer reports his operations in detail as yet, but I gather from their communications that the results of both expeditions consist in having scoured the Mescalero haunts and

in driving (not catching) the Indians. Though we must conclude that good will result from these visitations, yet the conviction would be ore forcible had some of the savages bee killed. Captain McCleave writes from camp on the Rio Tularosa December 22:

We returned from a trip to Dog Canon and Sacramento Mountains on the 20th instant, but saw no recent signs of Indians. On our first scout we surprised two parties of Indians, taking their stock, camp equipage, &amp;c., one woman and two children. One of the latter was recognized as the child of parents who were recently murdered near Fort Fillmore.

Captain Pishon writes from Ojo del Martin December 22:

I have been unsuccessful in finding Indians in this part of the country. I have scouted the Guadalupe Mountains; been to no less than nine different ranchos that Garcia said he had always found Indians in some of them heretofore. The Indians discovered me en route before I estabished my depot, and left for the Sacramento Mountains, as was proven by those trails, going in that direction. My men were disappointed, but none so much as myself, in not getting a fight utof the redskins.

The official reports will be forwarded to department headquarters as soon as received.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, December 29, 1862.

Colonel FORMAN,

Benicia, Cal.:

Company E (Noble's), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Visalia, via Livermore Pass.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

