
private pocket, and it is truly hard that I should be compelled to pay out of my own private purse all these heavy expenses of such a round journey, made solely for the public uses and benefits, and not for any private purpose of my own in any way whatever; and I well know unless Doctor Henry goes to Washington at this time nothing whatever will be done for the public benefit of this Territory, no matter how much our population needs all I have requested our Legislature to pray Congress to bestow.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory.

[DECEMBER 29, 1862. -For Baylor to Magruder (Confederate), relating to operations against Indians in Arizona, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, p. 914.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, December 30, 1862.

Lieutenant W. L. RYNERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Mesilla, Ariz. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Lieutenant John F. Qualey commanding marched from Tucson to Apache Pass on the 27th instant, with orders to relieve the company now stationed at Fort Bowie. There was necessarily some delay in the execution of the order of the general commanding in relation to the movement of this company, from the fact that at the time of the reception of the order there was but a handful of me in garrison, the major part of the company being on detached service. All the enlisted men belonging to companies on the Rio Grande who are in a condition to travel are ordered forward, except a fewmen stationed on the road to Fort Yuma, who have not yet been relieved, from want of men to take their places. Company H, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, is ordered to Tucson, and will probably reach here in about a month. I have directed the commanding officer of that company to relieve all infantry men he finds on the road with men from his own company. I hope, therefore, to make a thorough clearing up before very long. I have sent to Mesilla several men who were in confinement under charges for various offenses, some of them of a serious character. The charges have been forwarded to headquarters some two months since, and no return from them. To retain them until a court-martial could be had here would necessitate the retention of all the witnesses, hence I ordered all forward. My command is now very small, scarcely sufficient for garrison duty and to furnish escorts. I have been obliged to call in the detachments stationed at Cerro Colorado and Patagonia Mines, and to reduce the garrison at San Pedro Crossing to twelve cavalrymen. The Apaches are committing great depredations near the Sonora line, and crtainly need punishing, but I have not the force to make a campaign against them. I have written to General Wright on this subject, and suggested that there should be at least three companies of infantry and two of cavalry in this district. Had I that force I could raise a partisan company and arm them with the rifles now somewhere en route for the Pima Indians, and with the six companies be

