HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Fort Craig, N. Mex., January 2, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I am strenghteing the defenses of this post by fatigue parties and with the help of the citizens, so that should it ever be invested by the rebels I trust to be able to hold it and its magazines of supplies. To-morrow I leave for the Mesilla Valley and for the northewestern portion of Texas. Unless I hear beyond a doubt that Baylor's forces are coming, I shall organize and send into the country around the headwaters of the Gila an expedition to punish, for their frequent and recen murders and depredatins, the band of Apaches which infest that region. The Pino Alto gold mines can then be worked with security. From all I can learn, that is oneof he richest auriferous countries in the world; one whose development will tend greatly to the prosperity of this Territory. Should I be so successful as to whip those Indians, I propose at once to establish a military post near the Pino Alto mines, not only to furnish protection to the miners already working there, but to have amoral effect in preventing the Indians from further depredations. A military road should be opened from Socorro or Fort Craig through by the copper mines to intersect the road leading from Mesilla to Tucson at ojo de La Vca. This would shorten the distance from Santa Fe to Tucson at least 100 miles; would avoid the Jornada del Muerto, and in a strategical point of view would render Western Arizona less isolated and less in danger of being cut off by an enemy occupying the Mesilla Valley; besides it would make the Pino Alto gold region more accessible from the settled portion of New Mexico. You may rely upon it, the attention of the Government may be worthily drawn to the importance of this road. It would doubltess cost $100,000 to built it. I shall return to Santa Fe by the 25th instant.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 3, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: For the information of the General-in-Chief and War Department I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication, dated on the 20th ultimo, from Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Utah. * Colonel Connor is a man of observation, undaunted firmness, and self-possession under all circumstances, and his views of the state of affairs in Utah can be relied on. I have written to Colonel Connor fully in relation to the policy I desire him to pursue in Utah. With the small force now in that Territory the greatest prudence is required, and in the early spring I propose to throw forward to Salt Lake such a re-enforcement as will insure respect to our flag and a due observance of the laws of the United States.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 256.

---------------

