SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 1. Mesilla, january 3, 1863.

I. The temporary occupation of San Elizario, Tex., being deemed no longer necessary, Companies D and H, First Infantry California Volunteers, will report to the commanding officer at Hart's Mill and form part of the garrison of that post until further orders. The detachment of Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers, under Lieutenant French, will join its company headquarters at Mesilla.

* * * * * *

J. R. WEST,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JANUARY 3, 1863. -For West to Fergusoon, relative to official visit of latter to the Governor of Chihuahua, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, pp. 634, 635.]
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, January 5, 1863.

Captain C. D. DUGLAS,

Second Infantry California Vol., Commanding Round Valley:

SIR: The declaration of martial law in Round Valley was only for specific purposes, which were set forth in the proclamation itself, and you have no authority under that proclamation to remove or appoint any magistrate or other civil officer; but if any such officer should be guilty of any treasonable sentiment, your duty will simly be to arrest and confine him, and immediately report the matter to department and district headquarters. You are directed, therefore, immediately on the receipt of this latter, to restore Mr. Gamble to the exercise of his functions as justice of the peace. A pack train with rations will depart for your post to-morrow morning, the invoices of which will be sent by the train.

By order of Colonel Lippitt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SWASEY,

First Lieutenant and Regiment Quartemaster Second Infantry California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 5, 1863.

Honorable A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVENOR: I have been isntructed by General George Wright, commanding the Department of the Pacific, to request that you shall raise the six additional companies required to complete the First Regiment of Cavalry Oregon Volunteers. They will be needed for service on the frontiers in the coming spring, and I cannot doubt that the patriotic citizens of Oregon, who have always heretofore promptly respondend to any demand for their military services, will in like manner respond to this call. The enlisted men when mounted will be supplied with horses by the United States, it being understood that they will be mounted or not as shall be deemed advisable by the Government. Propositions to raise a whole company which will furnish their own horses and horse

