
equipments may be entertained. The men are in such cases entitled to 40 cents a day ro the use and risk of their horses and horse equipments. The companies when they reach 100 enlisted men will be mustered into the service of the United States to serve for three years unless some discharged.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, Tulare County, Cal., January 6, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor most respectfully to report to the general commanding the Department of the Pacific that on yesterday I issued an order for the arrest of L. P. Hall and L. J. Garrison, editors and publishers of the Equal Rights Expositor, a newspaper published in Visalia, on the ground of disloyal practices. Both parties were duly arrested and placed in close confinement. In the afternoon of the 5th isntant I received a telegraphic order from headquarters Department of the Pacific to release all political prisoners on taking the oath of loyalty to the Government of the United States. On receipt of the order I had all the political prisoners confined at Camp Babbitt brought befor eme and read to them the oath which they would be required to take. After some hesitation they subscribed, except L. J. Garrison, who refused, and who is now in close confinement, in accordance with a telegraphic order from headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated January 6, 1863.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 4. Fort Humboldt, January 6, 1863.

I. Captain Gibbs, commanding at Camp Curtis, will put a detachment of twenty men under Lieutenant Gonnisson at Daley's Ferry as soon as he is notified that Mr. Daley is ready to proceed thither.

II. Lieutenant Gonnisson will guard the ferry and ferry-house from attack, and will use very exertion to capture or destroy every band of hostile Indians that may come into his neighborhood, leaving always a sufficient force at the ferry for its defense.

III. In case of need Captain Gibbs will re-enforce Lieutenant Gonnisson to any extent that may be requisite. He will forward Lieutenant Gonnisson's reports of scouts or military operations to these headquarters.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

W. F. SWASEY,

First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster Second Infantry California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[JANUARY 6, 1863. -For West to Fergusson, relative to official visit of latter to Chihuahua, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, p. 638.]

