HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, January 6, 1863.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

First New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding Fort Stanton, N. Mex.:

The general commanding the department desires you to give your attention to the following matter: About the middle of last month a small spy party, sent out from here to Horsehead Crossing, discovered a trail there, then supposed to be fifteen days' old, of a party of some thirty-five mounted whites coming in from fort Stockton to the crossing and returning. On the same day, within sight of my spies, a mounted party, supposed to be about twenty-five strong, again visited the crossing. Mr. Brad. Daily, chief of my spy party, is of opinion that this is an outpost of the enemy scouting in that vicinity. The probabilities are that they will continue to do so for sometime the come. General Carleton desires you to capture this party. He wishes, if possible, that every man of them shall be taken prisoner to prevent their communicating their mishap to the main body. The escape of one of the party wold defeat this object. Of course if they officer resistance you need no reminder how to act. The manner of accomplishing this duty, as well as the most opportune time to undertake it without unnecessary delay, is left entirely to you. The general commanding desires me to express to you his perfect confidence in your judgment and ability to accomplish the capture or destruction of the party named. I have received your communication of the 3rd instant relative to the arrest of Jose Lucero. I inclose his passport properly authenticated. Please send him on his way.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 2. Mesilla, January 7, 1863.

I. Companies A and C, First Cavalry, A, Fifth Infantry, and D, First Infantry California Volunteers, will from the expedition named in General Orders, Numbers 1, 1863, headquarters Department of New Mexico, and be held in readiness for marching orders.

* * * * * *

IV. Major Theodore A. Coult, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will transfer his command to the senior officer of the garrisonto remain at Tucson.

* * * * * *

VI. Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will be held in readiness to move toward the Rio Grande on the arrival of a train from Mesilla. Major Coult and Lieutenant Toole, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will come forward with that company.

* * * * * *

IX. Companies D and K, First Infantry California Volunteers, will be transferred from Hart's Mill to Mesilla without delay.

* * * * * *

J. R. WEST,Brigadiedr-General, Commanding.

