HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, January 7, 1863.

Captain JAMES H. WHITLOCK,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding, Tucson:

I have the honor to inclose for your information extract of Special Orders, Numbers 2, by which it is presumed that you will be placed in command of the garrison at Tucson. If no other troops have come forward from Fort Yuma your command will be a small one, considering the duties you will be called upon to perform; but every man is wanted on the Rio Grande now that can be spared from elsewhere, and you will exhibit good soldiership in managing your post efficiently with the limitied force that can at present be allowed for its garrison. It will be out of the question perhaps to keep any detachments at either the Mowry or Cerro Colorado mines, or in fact any detachments at all, except one at San Pedro Crossing, and the vedettes. I am ignorant of your surroundings, and you must judge for yourself, but the authority to withdraw troops from the above-named places is given to you. If Mr. Sylvester Mowry is at his mine or anywhere in your vicinity, or should come there, require him to report to you, and administer to him the oath of allegiance to the United States Government. He may already have taken this oath, but as there is no record to that effect in this district it must be taken again. Should Mr. Mowry object to takign this oath, you may give him his choice of becoming your prisoner until you can report the fact to me, or of being sent out of the district. You will adopt one of these alternatives immediately upon his refusal to comply with what is required of him above. Inclosed for your information is a copy of a letter written to me by the general commanding the department, in reference to tents ordered forward from Fort Yuma. Get them ready to send if they have reached your post, or else prepare the tents and paulins at Tucson, as the general requires. A large train from here should reach you in the first ewek in February, perhaps sooner. It will mainly be loaded with subsistence for a post near the Pinos Altos, drawn from your stores. Special instructions will be sent to you with the train. Major Coult is to come forward with Captain Fritz's company. Keep your transportation running to Fort Yuma to bring forward subsistence, as there is a large surplus there which is destined for Tucson, and must come forward. They will spoil at Fort Yuma for want of mouths to eat them. Here they can be consumed, and others can be brought in their stead. Major Coult will turn over to you all records, orders, &amp;c. I would suggest to you to study and make yourself thoroughly the master of all that is required from you. The monthly returns of the subsistence, forage on hand, &c., are essential to these headquarters. Keep your business snug, push everything forward this way that should come, and see if you can relieave Tucson of the unfortunate reputation that has attached to it her of being the sink that swallows up everything intendedfront.

Wishing you success in the discharge of your new responsibilities, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. -January 8, 1863: On reflection, inasmuch as the necessity for troops on the Rio Grande leaves you but a small garrison, all of whom will be required to guard the supplies at Tucson, you will not station any of your men at the Cerro Colorado or Mowry mines. Keep a

