
detachment at San Pedro Crossing until the hay there has been consumed by passing trains, but no longer. Take Mr. Mowry's oath in triplicate, forward two copies to me, and file the other in your post records.

J. R. W.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 8, 1863.

Honorable A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: Each company of the First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, called for in my communication of the 5th instant, will be composed of 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster sergeant, 1 commissary sergeant, 5 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 teamsters, 2 farriers or blacksmith, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, and 78 privates. The 2 buglers to be taken from the privates, the law not providing for increased pay for the musicians. The recruits as fast as raised will be sent in small parties to designated military posts, where they will be examined by the medical officers, quartered, subsisted, and drilled, those of each company being kept distinct under non-commissioned officers. When each company reaches 100 enlisted men, it will be mustered into the service of the United States by officers announced by orders from this office. If there is a failure to raise a full company within a period of time satisfactory to you, the men may be attached to some other company.

The companies raised in this vicinity will be mustered in at Fort Vancouver by Major Thomas M. Winston, U. S. Army, who has been appointed by General Wright the superintendent for recruiting and mustering volunteers in this district. He has also been appointed disbursing officer of the fund appropriated "for collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers," and ahs accordingly estimated upon the Adjutant-General for funds on account of that appropriation, to be sent to him. From that fund reimburements will be made (vide War Department Orders, Numbers 70, of September 3, 1861) for the necessary transportation of volunteers prior to completion of company organization, rent of recruiting offices, advertising, &amp;c. War DepartmentGeneral Orders, Numbers 70, above quoted, also says "actual stage orsteam-boat fare necessarily incrred by authorized agentws in raising or recruiting volunteers will be reimbursed from the samefund. " War Department General Orders, Numbers 75, of the 9th of july last, has already been sent to you. I also inclose herewith to you General Orders, Nos. 74 and 126, of 1862.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lapwai, Wash. Ter., January 8, 1863.

Brigadier-General ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon, Hdqrs. District, Fort Vancouver:

SIR: I have the honor to report everything quiet at this post. As usual, there is some dissatisfaction existing among the Indians on Slate Creek and Salmon River. By reqest of the Indian agent I will send

