
out to-morrow to learn if possible the true condition of affairs at that place. Big Thunder has not as yet returned. His people are here and conduct themselves well. The young man charged with the murder of Varble is also here, not, however, in the guard house, as perhaps he should be. The buildings are progressing as well as could be expected. The company quarters are finished and occupied. The officers' quarters will not finished for some time, but will be compeltely inclosed in a few days, when they will be occupied. All the building has been done with a view to economy. Some of the building material has cost more than it should. Our mules and horses are in good condition, yet the ration of oats is but six pounds and twelve pounds of hay for the horses. At these rates our forage will last until the last of March or the 1st of April.

Very respectflly, your obedient servant,

J. S. RINEARSON,

Major, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 9, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I would respectfully recommend that the District of Arizona be attached to the Department of New Mexico.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 9, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th of December. Should it become necessary to change my headquarters I will advise you by telegraph. In the meantime I shallbe in this city or within easy communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 4. Mesilla, January 11, 1863.

I. Companies A and C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, and Companies D, First, and A, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, composing the expedition against the Gila Apaches, ordered to takethe field by the general commanding the Department of New Mexico, will move to-morrow and encampat El Picacho. The ranking officers of each arm will conduct their detachments to the point indicated, when Captain William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will assume command of the expedition.

