
II. Captain Francis S. Mitchell, with Company D, First Infantry California Volunteers, will take charge of a battery of two mountains howitzers to accompany the expedition. He will see that 120 rounds shell, spherical-case, and canister ammunition in equal quantities are provided for these pieces. Also that 15,000 rounds rifle musket ball-cartridges are supplied to him.

III. Captain William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will have the cavalry supplied with not less than 15,000 rounds Sharps carbine and 10,000 rounds pistol ammunition.

* * * * *

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SACRAMENTON, CAL., January 12, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

Thomas M. Vincent telegraphs that Brigadier-General Wright was authorized to raise a regiment of infantry and seven companies of cavalry subject to my approval. I am ready cheerfully to respond to a call for troops, and do not understand why the call is not made upon me directly, as a requisition by telegraph will be obeyed.

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, January 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: About forty days' subsistence for Captain Douglas, in Round Valley, left here day before yesterday by land. The distance is 150 miles, and the train ought to arrive there by the 5th of February at the latest, but there are so many difficult mountain streams to cross that it is doubtful whether it will be able to get there at all. It is fortunate we had a mule train of our own to send, as no contractor, Mr. Swasey tell sme, could have been found to bind himself to get through at any price whatever. From Fort Bragg to Round Valley it is only seventy miles, and there is but [one] serious obstacle in the way, Eal River. A week ago I received a private letter from Captain Douglas in which he mentioned he had removed the justice of the peace and appointed another in his place. I immediately wrote him instructing him forthwith to reinstate the magistrate in his office, informing him that he had no authority to remove or appoint any civil officer. The standing nuisance of this post for the last eight years has been a whisky shop keep by one Shannahan close to the reservation. Strenuous exertions to have the nuisance abated have been made by every post commander, but without success. Immense quantities of soldiers' clothing have been bought by the man, who is well known to have made a fortune in the business. Meanwhile our guard house is kept filled, sometimes to overflowing, with men made drunk with his poisonous whisky, or who have committed offenses under the influence of it. During November, for instance, the daily average number in the guard house in a state of intoxication without counting those whose offenses had been caused by liquor, was sixteen. Nearly all the liquor the

