
and General Reed. I know something of him also. He is now at Salem, but will be down soon. Mr. Thompson will call on you to-morrow. My adjutant, Reed, has gone to The Dalles, and will call on you on his way down, probably on Wednesday night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, January 13, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 19th ultimo in which you inform me that seven companies of cavalry are being raised in California, which force will be sent forward early in the spring. I am directed in the meantime to make such preparations as may be in my power and to forward for the consideration of the commanding general such suggestions as I may deem pertinent for the speedy and safe transfer of these companies to the Department of New Mexico. I regret that I shall not have time to give to the latter part of the above directions that careful attention which it merits, yet the timek when I think the force should leave California is so rapidly approaching that I fear to delay, and shall take the liberty of acquainting the commanding general with some facts which impressed themselves upon my mind during the march which I made to this point last spring and summer. The first and most important point for consideration in moving a cavalry force over a country as destitute of the elements of self-support as this is well known to be is to select that season of the year when the few advantages possessed can be improved. The troops should start from San Pedro (when I presume they will rendezvous) by the 1st of March, earlier if possible. They can move by easy marches with water and grass at convenient distances to Warner's ranch. As this is the last place west of the Colorado desert where grass and water are found combined, I would form that point send them forward to Fort Yuma in detachments of not more thantwo companies each. If the commander of the District of Southern California was directed to have hay and grain put at the various statoins and the wells kept in good order it would greatly facilitate the passage of the troops. It is proper to remark here that since the discovery of the Colorado mines other routes are recommended as better and shorter. Of these I know nothing, except by hearsay, and can only speak of the road over which I myself traveled. The vicinity of Fort Yuma being destitute of grazing facilites, it would be better that the force should make little or not halt at that place, but should push forward as rapidly as possible, having a due regard to the condition of their animals. They should across the Colorado by the 1st of April at the latest. At that season they would have the advantage of cool weather and water in from fifteen to seventeen days. Arrived at Tucson (by the 20th of April) I would recommend a halt sufficiently long to recruit their animals. Fort that purpose the Reventon Ranch, forty miles south of here, on the Santa Cruz River, possesses many advantages. Excellent grazing, good water, fine shade, wood in abundance, good campaign ground, and sufficient quarters to accommodate all the officers. The crossing of the San Pedro River, fifty-five miles east of Tucson, on the direct

