
tools, and clothing-should be made, securing enough to last for one year. Such is my programme. I do not know whether it would suit you to be a candidate to commandsuch an expedition. If you wish it I am certain from the energy you have heretofore shown that you would do the work well. If you should obtain it you will have my best wishes and, so far as practicable, my hearty co-operation. I am aware that these expeditions will be expensive, and knowing what a heavy load the war imposes upon our finances I have hestitated. I have waited long before sending this letter, but the time has come for the Government to take this step which will aid in placing a chain of posts and settlements across the continent and must essentially assist in protecting this coast in case of foreign war. The homested act, the gold mines, and the completion of yur road all serve the way and lead to a fulfillment of the sagacious views of Thomas Jefferson in 1804. The Government must do this or it will be far behind the people. If any act of Congress is necessary I have no doubt Colonel Wallace, Delegate from Washington Territory, will aid you in procuring it. This step will conform to the policy of the President as announced in his annual message, in which he says:

The immense mineral resources of these Territories ought to be developed as rapidly as possible. Every step in that direction would have a tendency to improve the resources of Government and to diminish the burdens of the people. It is worthy of your serious consideration whether some extraordinary to promote that end cannot be adopted.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., AJDT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13. Washington, January 14, 1863.

The district of Western Arizona is hereby assigned to the Department of New Mexico.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War authorizes the establishment of military posts at Fort Boise and Klamath Lake, if you deem it necessary.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 14, 1863.

(Received 9. 15 a. m. 15th.)

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

French consul desires me to prevent shipment of contraband goods to Mexico. Shall I comply? If yes, what articles deemed contraband?

IRA P. RANKIN,

Collector.

