HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, January 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: During a twenty days' scout by Captain Flynn with Company A, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commenced on the 16th of December last, three Indians were killed, one of them supposed to be a scout; the othr two where killed in a skirmish by a small detachment of five man. Our scouting thus far during the present winter has produced no other result.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 16, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist. of Southern California, Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: The great need for re-enforcement at Tucson makes it necessary that the companies of your regiment at Camp Drum should be thrown forward as rapidly as possible. On the arrival of these companies at Fort Yuma those at the latter post will proceed without delay to Tucson. The officers of yur regiment on leave will be directed to join their respective companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Mesilla, Ariz., January 16, 1863.

Don JUAN ROBINSON,

Guaymas, Mexico:

MY DEAR SIR: I have had the honor to receive your note dated Octoberr 27, 1862, stating that public stores fro the use of troops under my command would probably leave San Francisco, Cal., for Libertad, Sonora, touching at Guaymas on the voyage up, about the 15th of November, 1862. In case they left at that date they are doubltess now at Libertad, and I have directed that a train of, say, thirty wagons shall proceed at once to Tucson, and if on arrival at that point it shall be ascertained that the supplies are at Libertad, then the train will proceed to that point on an experimental trip, when all the elements of the route, the sources of supply as regars forage, &amp;c., will be firly tested. Pray express my thanks Governor Pesquiera for his kindness in offering us transit through Sonor. I have recently given orders in relation to the establishment of a post in the Pinos Altos country; one of these orders is herewith inclosed. Should the mineral resources of that place prove to be as great as anticipated, Libertad must be the post whence supplies must be received and where much bullion and copper will evenually be shipped. I feel deeply anxious to see the riches of this country brought to light. I have great faith in their existence and I fully believe that what may tend to the prosperity and advancement of New Mexico and Arizona will be of great

