
benefit to Sonora. Therefore I may claim to ask of Governor Pesquira and of yourself to unite with me in all matters looking to such beneficial results. I shall be happy to hear from you frequently. My address is Santa Fe, N. Mex.

I am, my dear sir, very truly, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 16, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The department commander has received authority from the Secretary of War to establish military posts at fort Boise and Klamath Lake. Should you deem the establishment of both or either of these posts necessary the general desires you to make the necessary arrangements for that purpose. Your views are requested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WRIGHT, CAL., January 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I deem it my duty to make the following statement for the information of the general commanding the department in relation to Indian affairs in this valley. There is nothing done, nor is there any appearance of anything being done, for the support of the Indians for the present year. To all appearances their condition will be much more piteous than it is now and that would seem almost impossible. Up to this time there is only sixty acres of wheat put in, and that in afield badly protected. The fences are not such as will keep stock from destroying the crop. I consider that it would be a gross neglect of duty in menot to report the entire want of zeal and gross mismanagement of Indian affairs on the Nome Cult Indian Reservation under the present supervisor, and the management will not be better unless he is removed. The supervisor seems tobe determined to ruin the reservation under his charge. His assistant, Mr. Robinson, was engaged erecting and putting fences in a proper state to protect the crop, but the supervisor interfered and forbade him to make fencing until he was ordered so to do by him, and that order was not given until the weather rendered all attempts at improving the fence quite impossible. This man Robinson has used his best endeavors to putin a crop and to protect it. He would no doubt have accomplished both objects had he been permitted. Instead of giving intelligent direction to Mr. Robinson's efforts or assisting him in carrying out his plans, Mr. Short (the supervisor) exerts himself to hinder, embarrass, and delay the work Mr. Robinson is engaged in. Frequently to my knowledge the supervisor has ordered the Indians working with andunder Mr. Robinson away, to work on some small and entirely useless matter, and this for no other reason or purpose but to prevent Mr. Robinson from doing any

19 R R-VOL L, PT II

