
work that would in any way benefit the Indians hereafter. Mr. Robinson was turned out of doors a few days ago by the supervisor for declining to feed the Indians afte rhsi hard day's work in the field. This is very hard, unmanly treatment of the only man on the reservationthat does anything or seems to know that they have duty to perform. It is held to be the duty of the supervisor to feed the Indians. This feeding consists in giving the Indians their daily rations, which is from two to three ears of corn to each Indians their daily ratins, which is from two to three ears of corn toeach Indian, big and little. All this can be accomplished in one hur or less. If prompt and vigorous measures or enot atoncetakne tostop this dangerous and wicked trifling on the part of the supervisor, very little if any crop will be harvested this year, and the consequences are easily foretold. The pangs of hunger will make the Indians desperate and angerous. A bloody conflict will ensue, resulting of course in the extermination of the poor being seekingtosatisfy an empty stomach. Round Valley is better adapted by location, soil, and extent for a large Indian reservation than any place I have seen in California. To enter the valey from any direction it is necessary to cross high mountains and Eal River, and at the present season this stream is impassable. The valley contains, as surveyed, 25,000 acres of as fine land as can be found in the state. Were the whole valley taken for a reservation, the settlers' claims (their improvements) bought, and they removed withthei rstock, a capable, energetic man placed in charge, thusands of Indians could be maintained inpeace and plenty, where a few hundreds are now barely subsisted at the daily risk of outrages being committed. Whites and Indians cannot andwill not live in peace and quietness so near and so much together as they are in this valley, and the sooner either party is removThe citizens are very quiet and orderly, in fact they have been so since my arrival in the valley. If I have considered it my special duty to report the utter neglect of duty in an officer of another department of the Government, I have had ample grounds on which to base such report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 19, 1863.

His Excellency WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have the pleasure of acknowledging the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo. Intimately acquainted as I amwith the wants of the Territory of Washington, as well as those of the adjoining State of Oregon, I have within the last six months repeatedly urged the establishment of a large military post on the Snake River, and the adoption of such other prudential measures as may be necessary for the protection of emigrants from the East, and I am hppy to say to Your Excelency that I have just received a telegraphic dispatch from the War Department authorizing a post at Fort Boise and also at Klamath Lake should it be deemed necessary. Estimates to meet the expense of these new posts have been forwarded long since to Washington and I doubt not will be embraced in the Army appropriation bill. I have directed General Alvord to complete the organization of the Oregon cavalry regiment by raising six additonal companies, which, with the

