
force alreadyin that district, will be ample for the service required. I have had a conversation with your friend, Doctor Henry, and was highly gratified with the zeal he manifests, not only for your Territory, but for the whole Union, and it would afford me great plesure if I could render him the assistance you speak of. But I have no authority to send a messenger to Washington and no found at my disposal out of which I can make an expenditure of that kind. I have no doubt that the presence of Doctor Henry in Washington will be of great benefit to Washington Territory, and I should think that the Department would not hesitate about paying the necessary expenses of the journey on your representations. In conclusion I beg to assure Your Excellency that I shall ever retain a liverly interest in the welfare of the people of Washington Territory and State of Oregon. For six long years my home was among those hardy pioneers, engaged most of the time in battling our savage foes. I left them at peace, prosperous and happy, and I pray they may continue so.

With high consideration, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'SOFFICE,

Washington, January 20, 1863.

General WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Secretary of War gives authority to raise four companies native cavalry in Los Angeles district.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 21, 1863.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of the State of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: After a careful consideration of the Indian difficulties in the District of Humboldt, comprising the northwestern counties of ths State, and deeming it for the best interest of the Government that volunteer troops raised within the district should be employed against the hostile Indians, I have, by virtue of authority vested in me by the War Department, respectfully to request that Your Excellency may be pleased to organize within said district four companies of infantry, to be mustered into the service of the United States. My design is to retain these companies in service only so long as our difficulties in the district may render necessary. Should Your Excellency respond favorably to this request I will designate an officer of the Regular Army to muster in the companies at such points as may be convenient for their organization. Each company will consist of 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenat, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, and 64 to 82 privates.

Very respectfully, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

