
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, January 22, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: Your favor of the 21st instant is at hand. It will afford me much gratification to co-operate with you in the raising and organizing of the four companies referred to for service in the districts where Indian hostilities are threatened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., january 22, 1863.

Messrs. WILLIAM G. POINDEXTER and other citizens of El Dorado City, Cal.:

GENTLEMEN: Your petition requesting the establishment of troops in the mining region on the Colorado River has been submitted to the general commanding the department. It is impossible at this time for the general to afford that protection he so much desires to give the settlers on the Colorado. At present their are no troops disposable for this purpose, and if there were the season is not suited for a movement in the direction indicated in your letter. When matters becomesettled on the Colorado the general will probably establish a military post in the vicinity of the settlements. He cannot, however, protect the various parties prospecting over so vast an extent of country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

January 25, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your of the 23rd instant, inclosing a dispatch of W. Scott Ketchujm, brigadier-general and assistant adjutant-general, ordering the mustering into the service of the United States of four companies of cavalry, to be raised in this State, for service in the contingent of the State of Massachusetts. The proceedings under and by force of which these troops are to be raised are clearly irregular, and in violation of the rightrs of this State. I know of no authority by which the Governor of Massachusetts can raise volunteers in California, either through the orders of the War Department, or the iconsiderate and officious action of citizens of this State. For reasons that follow I do not feel bound to interfere in the case alluded to at this time, if at any, to prohibit recruiting for the four companies proposed to be raised, yet I must protest against its being accepted as a precedent to bind the authorities of this State in the future. While I am nore than willing to discharge every obligation that is incumbent upon me in obeying requisitions for troops properly made, I am not willing that my silence shall be construed into and obligation not to interfere with the raising of the said four companies for Massachusetts, as I may very likely do, should the

