
necessities of this State, or the action of her authorities at any time, in complying with the calls of the General Government, see to require it.

The consideration that move me at this time not to interfere with the raising of these companies are, in brief, the heavy burdens that have been borne by our loyal sister States in sustaining the Government, and in fighting in a sacred and common causebattles that are ours as well as theirs; and the heretofore comparative exampetion of California from calls upon her loyalty and patriotism, and, further, because an opportunity is offered to Californians to seal their loyalty and devotiion to their country and to constitutional liberty by offering their bosoms as a bulwark against the surging tides of this unholy rebellion. And I am anxius that in the future our people may have, in common with the people of other State, their glorious traditions of sacrifices made in behalf of the Union and of gallant efforts to save and perpetuate it.

The great heart of California beats responsive to the mighty throbs that are convulsing the loyal States, and she feels it her duty to do all she can to stay the fratricidal hand that is raised to divide and destroy the nation. It is to be desired that she should be recorded upon the PAGEof history that will reveal the glowing deeds of patriotism and sacrifice now being enacted, and that her people may mingle in the great events that are passing in our country's midst, that there may be created a chain of bright and glorious memories to bind the East and the West in bonds of union and fraternity under a common and perpetual Government. Thus, as a citizen of the United States, with sympathies that embrace every portion of our nationality, and anxious to do all in my power to preserve and strenghren that nationality, I would not deny to the General Government one soldier, and would earnestly and cheerfully obey to the last extent her calls for aid, yet I do not conceive it to be my duty in amith the rights of the State to be invaded or disregarded without taking means as occasion may seem to require to guard those rights in the present and in the future.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 26, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the troops in this department, although widely dispersed, have preserved thei discipline, and performed their duties generally, in a very creditable manner. We have been forced to devolve the duties of the quartermaster's and commisary departments very frequently on subalterns of volunteer companies. Many of them have proved to be zealous, capable, and honest in the discharge of their duties; a few have proved recreant to their trust; but the Government has lost but little, as prompt measures were taken for the removal, and in most cases for the dismissalfrom the army, of the latter class. The vigilant guardianship exercised by my chiefs of disburing departments is highly commendable. The condition of affairs on this coast is satisfactory. With the exception of Indian difficulties, the greatest quiet prevails throughout the length and breadth of the land. From the District of Oregon I have nothing

