
of importance to report. Under the instructions received from the War Department, arrangements are being made for the establishment of a post, at or near Fort Boise, on the Snake River. The adminstration of affairs in the district, by Brigadier-General Alvord, has been marked by zeal, ability, and devotion to the best interests of the Government.

The Indian difficulties in the District of Humboldt, I regret to report, still exist. During the past year Colonel Lippitt, of the Second Infantry California Volunteers, has been in command of the district with his entire regiment. The untiring zeal and activity of the colonel, his officers, and men are highly praiseworthy, but the fact is, I doubt much whether we can ever have peace there until all the Indians are removed entirely out of the country; vast numbers have been collected by the troops and placed on the reservations, but it has been found impossible to keep them there. If the Indians in that district can be carried to a reservation in the southern section of the State, or, what would be still better, placed on some island and supported entirely, peace would be restored and money saved. The troops under Colonel Lippitt have been in the field and suffered many hardships and privations during the past eighteen monghts, and I shall withdraw the headquarters and active portion of the regiment early in the spring. The country is densely wooded, and presents many obstacles to the operations of troops unacquainted with the numerous trails; and after consultation with the members of the Legislature from that district, and also with His Excellency Governor Stanford, it was the unanimous opinion that the best interests of the Government would be subserved by organizing four companies of militia, composed of men residing in the districts and well acquainted with the country, for special service there. Believing this plan is the best that can be adopted, I have requested the Governor to organize the four companies, which with a like number of companies now in service will, after the withdrawal of Colonel Lippitt, constitute the active force in that quarter, to be under command of an intelligent officer, specially selected.

Hoping that my acts may be approved by the General-in-Chief and War Department, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 26, 1863.

Captain THOMAS O. SELFRIDGE, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: The defenses to guard the city of San Francisco against the attacks of hostile steamers have received my most serious consieration. Under cover of the darkness or a fog I have but little doubt that a steamer might pass the two forts without serious injury; at least the chances are decidedly in her favor. Once within the harbor she can taken a position beyond the reach of the guns on Alcatraz Island, and, of course, command the city. We must be prepared to meet such a state of affairs effectually, both by land and water. Have you any vessels as your disposal suitable for mounting heavy guns on; and if so, could they not be moored infron tof the city? When I was in this city, a week since, I was waited on by several gentlemen, who expressed much anxiety on this subject, and I assured them that I would communicate with you and ask you to lay the matter before the

