SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 27. San Francisco, Cal., January 29, 1863.

* * * * * *

4. Lieutenant Colonel Albemrle Cady, Seventh Infantry, is assigned to duty at these headquarters as acting inspector-general on the department staff.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., January 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. COULT,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding, Tucson:

SIR: The general commanding the department has recommended to the War Department the transfer of Western Arizona to the Military Department of New Mexico. The general desires you, therefore, to obey such instructions as may be received from the military authorities in the latter department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN ANTONIO, January 29, 1863.

Major-General MAGRUDER, &amp;C.:

GENERAL: I beg leave to ask your arizona to the condition of affairs in New Mexico and Arizona. The Mexican population there are in a state of revolution against the Federal forces, and they naturally look to us for assistance. I would respectfully suggest that if Judge S. M. Baird, for fifteen years a resident of that country, and by far the most popular and influential man among the natives, was authorized to raise one or more regiments of Mexicans in New Mexico and Arizona, he could do so, and he could keep up the disaffection and stimulate the people to hold out against our enemies until such time as you could send a force to retake the country. I have conversed with Judge Baird and he is willing to undertake the raising of one regiment of citizens, composed of the men now resisting the U. S. authorities. The most influential citizens of that country would join Judge Baird, and with but little aid we could recapture the country again and hold it. I merely offer these hasty suggestions for your consideration, knowing that you will at once do what you deem best in the matter. Judge Baird is a gentleman of the highest character and standing, and would render far more service in that way than in the capacity of major of a battalion, the position he now fills.

With highest respect, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. BAYLOR.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 30, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, San Francisco, Cal.:

Western Arizona is transferred to New Mexico. General Orders, Numbers 13, of 14th instant.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

