HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 30, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM A. WINDER,

Third Artillery, U. S. Army, Commanding Alcatraz Island, Harbor of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department instructs me to communicate confidentially his desire that the greatest vigilance should be enjoined on the officers and men; that the command should be instructed to assemble by day or night at their assigned posts prepared to act with promptness on any emergency. For this purpose the guns, implements, and ammunition should be arranged for instant use. The general desires you to inform the engineer officer in charge of your work of his wishes as above indicated and request his co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, January 30, 1863.

Don JOSE MARIA URANGA, Prefect of El Paso:

ESTEEMED SIR: I have the honor to inform you that by direction of General James H. Carleton, commanding the Department of New Mexico, a vigorous warfare is being prosecuted by the U. S. troops against the various tribes of Apache Indians who infest the country lying east and west of the Rio Grande and north of the bundary of the Mexican territory. Such measures are being proesecuted for the chastisement of these Indians as must either result in their complete subjugation or in driving them to seek refuge upon Mexican soil. It will doubltess, therefore, be prudent on the part of the Governor of Chihcuahua to adopt precautions against such an inroad, and I would, therefore, thank you to communicate this information to him. Were steps taken by him at the sametiem to punish the Indians that may seek refuge in his State, they would materially aid in ridding our frontiers of an enemy whose atrocities are without number. Do me the favor also to call His Excellency's attention to the quite common report in existence here, whether based upon facts or not I am unprepared to say, that in various towns in Chihuahua, Janos particularly, the Apache Indians are courted and their ill-gotten booty finds a market and their necessiteis for ammunition aresupplied through the cupidity of traders. This latter is a grave matter, and one which you cannot fail to see but induces to and invites a repetition of the crimes of the Indians. In my opinion, if such acts are committed it would be quite as just and effective to punish their perpetrators as to hold the Indians to account for the crimes which by this assistance only can be committed.

I have the honorto subsribe myself, your most obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, January 30, 1863.

His Excellency IGNACIO PESQUIEIRA,

Governor of the State of Sonora:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to apprise you that by direction of General James H. Carleton, commanding the Department of New Mexico, a vigorous warfare is being prosecuted against the various tribes

