
las, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Wright, Round Valley Indian Reservation, which is in Mendocino County, in the northwestern district of this State. Captain Douglas is an intelligent and oberserving officer, and his statement can be relied upon. The superintendent of Indian affairs for the northern district of this State has, I am informed, gone to Wahington. He never communicated to me his desing of going East, and I know nothing as to the arrangement he has made or proposers to maek for the support of the Indians. It is certain that during the past year the Indians on the reservation have not been provided for, and I can look forward to no improvement under the present system.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, February 1, 1863.

General WRIGHT,

Sacramento, Cal.:

Connor telegraphs severe battle with Indians on Bear River, Wash. Ter. Loss, 15 killed and 4 officers and 38 men wounded. Enemy's loss very heavy. Destroyed their camp.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjdutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 1, 1863. - For Carleton to Adjutant-General U. S. Army, transmitting Major David Fergusson's report of survery of Port Lobos and Libertad, Gulf of California, &amp;c., see Series III.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., Febraury 2, 1863.

Captain C. D. DOUGLAS,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Wright, Round Valley, Cal.:

SIR: The instructions emanting from this office directing martial law to be proclaimed over the Round Valley Indian Reservation are revoked by the general commanding the deaprtment, who directs that everything within the limits of the reservation will be restored to the condition existing prior to these instructions. The justice of the peace appointed by you having really no legal existence the appointment will be canceled, and the person removed will be permitted to exercise his functions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Chief of Engineers, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter* from General J. W. Ripley, chief of ordnance, dated the 22nd of December,

---------------

*See p. 259.

---------------

