
1862, stating that certain heavy ordnance will be sent the mount of the Columbia River. I trust that you have authority, or will have authority, without delay to commence the erection of the works needed to receive the said ordnance. It will be wise to make good use of the intermediate time which must necessarily elapse in such preparations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. - I notice that the ordnance which it is decided to send is of the same amount and description recommnded by General Totteen in his letter to the Secretary of War, dated 27th of November, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, February 2, 1863.

Captain EDWARD B. WILLIS,

First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding, Hart's Mill:

CAPTAIN: As reports are current again that the Texas are coming, you must be on the alert. By all means endeavor to avoid their getting between you an San Elizario. As soon as you are satified that a sufficient number of the enemy are advancing to make a contest with them usless with your small command, if San Elizario is within your reach yet, push a detachment down there and destroy the confiscated buildings by mining and burning, and endeavor to get the citizens to destroy their property and buildings. Purpuse the same course at Ysleta and Socorro. Lay the buildings on the Concordia branch in ruins. Do the same with these of Fort Bliss, and finally if you are compelled to evacuate Franklin and Hart's Mill, you must neither leave public buildings nor property for the use of the enemy. Reports will be rifle, and no doubt exaggerated as to the enemy's numbers, at least by his advance party. Keep me aprised of the news.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours &amp;c.,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, February 3, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of Was authorizes the completion of the Oregon cavalry regiment.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 30. San Francisco, Cal., February 3, 1863.

* * * *

6. The District of Western Arizona having been transferred by the War Department of the Military Department of New Mexico, all estimates, reports, returns, &c., heretofore made to these headquarters will hereafter be sent to the headquarters Department of New Mexco, Santa Fe.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

