
10, 1862 (one inclosure). Also letters from Captain C. D. Douglas, Second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Wright, Round Valley Indian Reservation, Mendocino County, to wit; December 12, 1862; December 23, 1862, with copy of the investignation of Indian affairs*.

After mature consideration of the state of affairs on the Round Valley Reservation, as reported by the superintendent and his supervisor, I came to the conclustion that the only course left me to protect the Indians and preserve the public property from utter destruction was to declare martial law and remove all intruders from the reservation. Accordingly on the 15th of October I sent instructions to the officer in command of the District of Humboldt to station a company of troops on the reservation and declare martial law, and when specially called upon by the superintendent or his agent, to remove intruders.

Although I was led to believe that the acts of the settlers in Round Valley had been of the most atrocious character, such, in fact, as to entile them to very little consideration, yet, in view of the lateness of the season and the inclement weather, I instructed the commnander at Round Vlley to act with humanity and prudence, as I would not, except in extreme cases, remove settlers with their families until spring. Soon, hopwever, I began to receive petitions from the settlers in Round Valley, averring their innocence of the charges made against them by the superintendent of Indian affairs, and asking for a full investigation. Justice to the settlers, as well as to the United States, demanded a careful investigation of the charges, and accordingly I directed Captain Douglas to procure all the evidence possible, both from the employes of the Government and the settlers, and to make to me a special report on the subject. The investigation was made by Captain Douglas on the 18th and 19th of December, and is contained in the printed inclosure accompanying his communication of the 2 The summing up of Captain Douglas, bassed upon the facts elicited from the withnesses, is clear, comprehensive, and conclusive. The charges aganist the settlers were not proven. The evidence taken and the report of Captain Douglas exhibit a state of affairs on the reservation which requires the attantion of the report Department. I have revoked my orders declaring martial law in the Round Valley and restored everything to its original status.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

PROCLAMATION.

Wheares, Brigadier-General Wright, of the U. S. Army, commanding the Department of the Pacific, has called upon me for a battalion of six companies of troops (infantry) for service against the Indians in the Humboldt District, in this State, to serve until discharged by him:

Now, therefore, I, Leland Stanford, Governor of the State of California and commander-in-chief of the militia therrof, do cll upon the citizens of the frontier counties of Humboldt, Mendocion, Trinity, Klamath, Siskiyou, and Del Norte of this State, as may shall be necessary to fill up th foregoing requisition, to organize themselves

---------------

*See pp. 161, 162, 201, 219, 248, 250, 261.

20 R R-VOL L, PT II

---------------

