
Wylackess has killed a large number of horses and cattle on the settlements of this valley in the last month. They killed eight or nine head of horses, the property of Mr. Owens, a few days ago, and I have seen myself a number of cattle in the valley wounded by their arrows. Messrs. Owens and Eberlee came to me a few days ago and reported that the Indians had killed the above number of horses. I sent one of my sergeants with them to investigate the matter, and he reports that he saw the remains of what he supposed to be eight or nine horses; he also reports thet he followed the Indians' trail from where they killed the horses to within a short distance of Eal River, and he thinks there were about forty Indians in the band. I have just been informed by Colonel Henley that five or six the settlers followed this band of Wylackess last week, and he believes that a few of the band were killed. He did not inform me of the names of the settlers that went out. I request, therefore, to be instructed as to my duty in this matter, whater these men that killed the Indians should be arrested or let alone. I do not consider that I have any power to send out any troops from this post to capture, kill, or in any way punish these Indians, as I was not sent here for that purpose. But these Indians should be punished, as they are, and accorindg to all reports always were, bad Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 35. San Francisco, Cal., February 9, 1863.

* * * *

3. Captain R. S. Williamson, U. S. Topographical Engineers, having reported at these headquarters agreably to instructions from the War Department, is assigned to duty as chief of his corps on the department staff from the 7th instant.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., February 9, 1863.

His Excellency GOVERNOR OF OREGON,

Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: Having received authority from the War Department to complete the oraganization of the Oregon regiment of cavalry, I have the fhonor to request that Your Excellency may be pleased to have raised such number of companies and appoint such officers as may be necessary. Brigadier-General Alvord, the commender of the District of Oregon, will communicate with Your Excellency, and afford every facility in his power for a speady completion of the regiment.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

