SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT ON THE PACIFIC, Numbers 36. San Francisco, Cal., Febraury 10, 1863.

* * * *

5. The headquarters of the Sixth Regiment of California Volunteer Infantry will be establisment in this city. The companies of this regiment will be mustered into service by Major Thomas F. Wright, under the superintendence of the colonel of the regiment (Colonel H. M. Black).

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjdutant-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF OREGON,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Salem, February 10, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: Thus far the recuirting business progress slowly, most especially in Southern Oregon. The complaint from that quarter is that the soldiers at Camp Barker have not as yet been paid off, and it is anticipated that when they are it will be in the legal-tender currency, thus reducing the pay of a private to a very small sum. Another complaint to mention the protection of the people of Southern Oregon from Indian depredations. There is another complaint which seems universal, that the old recruiting service has not yet been paid; then there is a certain class of people that are throwing every obstance in the way of those inclined to enlist. Is there not some way that these obstacles can be overcome? First, that good pay will be insured to the soldier; second, that it will be unade promptly; third, that protection will be furnished to Southern Oregon. Then, is there no way to punsih those who are thorowing obstancels in the way of those inclined to enlist?

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS A. REED,

Adjutant-General Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICTG OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 10, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding the department, a report on the subject of the establishment of a post at Fort Boise and an expedition against the Snake Indians agrably for your instrucitons of the 16th ultimo. Those instructions say that I am authorized to make arrangements for the establishment of that post if I deem it necessary. My views, as set forth in full in my dispatch of the 14th of October, as to the importance of such a post, remain unchanged. Everything I predicted as to the rush of miners to the fields in that quarter has been more than fulfielld. Being lower than the mountainous region around Florence, many have left the letter for the Boise region, where it is estimated 2,000 persons are now wintering. I recommend, as before, that the post should consist of five companies-three of infantry and two of cavalry, the letter, perhaps, returning to Fort Walla Walla for the next

