
reserve, as at least one company should remain as a guard at that post. The commanding officer at Fort Colville makes urgent requests for a company of cavalry, and I would furnish it if possible. It is possible the disaffection in the Nez Perce country may resultin war. The old men may not be able to control the young men, and if that tribe, herefore so faithful, should revolt, all the surrounding tribes, always unfriendly, would no doubt be infected, and war starting among the Nez Perces would possibly be but the signal troch for a large conflagration for a geneal uprising of all the Indians. Under the recent call of the Goveror of Oregon, issued on the 6th of January, only twenty-three men have s yet been recruited. This slowness is mainly due to the attraction of the gold mines and the depressing prospect of being paid in legal-tender notes, now depricated to 68 per cent. Therefore I shall be surprised if we get more than one company by May, and doubtful if we have it then; therefore I will respectfully recommend that the general commanding the department will send me two companies of California infatnry volunteers, to leave San Francisco about the middle or latter part of March. If, however, he shall not be able to send them, I will probably send six companies to Fort Boise, four taking the field against the Snakes. I am no yet able to designate the commanders or the acting assistant quartermasters for these movements. On those points I will report af a future date.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 11, 1863.

Honorable IRA P. RANKIN,

U. S. Collector, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: It being highly important to ascertain the character of all stamers entgering the harbor, before being allowed to pass beynod the range of the guns at Fort Point, I would most earnestly recommend that a revenue vessel be stationed in the outer harbor, with instruction to stop and board all incoming steamers. A signal from the revenue vessel would advise the fort of the character of the steamer. Should the steamer refuse to stop, a signal from the revenue vessel would so notify the commnders of the forts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

NOTICE.

FORT WRIGHT, CAL., February 11, 1863.

Martial law in the Round Valley Indian Reservation is hereby revoked. Everything within the limits of the reservation (Round Valley) will be restored to the condition existing prior to the issuing of the proclamation, excepting selling liquors.

By order of:

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

