
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 4. Mesilla, Febuary 11, 1863.

I. Captain Herbert M. Enos, assistant quatermaster, U. S. Army, is announced as chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistance of the District of Arizona. Communications by officers in the district on business pertaining to the quartemaster's and commissary departments will in the future be addressed to Captain Enos.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General West:

J. F. BENNETT,

Second Lieutenant, First California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CUSTOM-HOUSE, SAN FRANCISCO, COLLECTOR'S OFFICE,

February 12, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to ackonwledge receipt of your letter of yesterday's date, asking me to station a revenue cutter in the outer harbor for the purpose of boarding all steamers entering the harbor, before they pass beyond range of th guns of the fort. Unfortunately, I have at present no vessel at my command. Appreciating, however, the importance of the precaution suggested by you, I am telegraphing to the Secretary of the Treasure for authority to send to Puget Sound for one of the two cutters now on that station. I hope a favorable reply. In the meantime I shall endeavor to indunce Captain Rodgers, of the Coast Survey, to employ the W. L. Marcy on the service proposed. In due time I will inform you of the result of both applications.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRA P. RANKIN,

Collector.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, February 12, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistnat Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith report* of a board of officers appointed to determine upon a site for Fort West. The doubtful rumors about an advance of the Texas upon this section have induced me to suspend the forwarding of the materials and tools now coming to hand at Mesilla for the permanent establishment of the post until something more definite in regrd to the movemnts of the enemy can be ascertained. I am apprised by Captain William McCleave, commanding expedition, that in compliance with my letter of instructions to him, dated Februry 22 (to which the commanding general is respectfully referred), that he was moving camp to the immediate vicinity of the site recommended for Fort West. The troops will thus be well advanced into the Indian country, enabling them to operate to advantage against the Apaches, and at the same time to perfect their knowledge of the surrounding country, tending to confirm or otherwise the eligibility of the site selected. I take the libery of suggesting that

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

