
Captain Allen L. Anderson, engineer officer, be sent out to join Captain McCleave, to survey the site selected for the new post and to estimate the cost of buildings.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[FEBRAURY 13, 1863. - Fort Fergusson to West, reporting result of mission to Governor of Chihuahua, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, p. 674.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Messila, February 13, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistnat Adjutna-General, Sant Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit for the information of the general commanding a copy of a report* made by Captain Joseph Smith, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, of an engagement between his company (A) and a body of Indians at the Pinos Altos Mines, in this district. I have had the pleasur of commending warmly the gallantry of Captain Smith and his men, and trust that their conduct in the affair now reported will receive some special mention form the department commander. Having now but five companies of infantry at my disposal-three at Mesilla and two at Hart's Mill- I am unable to respond with the additional force with Captain Smith asked for. I am in hopes, however, that further attacks upon his post will diverted by Captain McCleave's operations, or if made that they will be as manfully and successfully repulsed as the one now reported.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 39. San Fracisco, Cal., February 14, 1863.

1. Major Andrew W. Bowman, Ninth Infantry, will proceed to and take post at Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., February 14, 1863.

(Received 16th.)

Adjt. General L. THOMAS:

Will the Department approve of my letter of the 15th of December in relation to issuing arms to a limited extent to organize militia companies?

G, WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

