
ORDERS, HEADUQARTERS, Numbers 30. Fort Lapwai, Febraury 15, 1863.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of this post.

R. F. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Cavalry.

DEPUTY QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

San Francisco, Cal., Febraury 16, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department, Sacramento, Cal.:

GENERAL: I have been examinig into the subject of comparative cost of transportation of may supplies of the troops in Utah from the Pacific Coast on one hand and the Missouri forntier on the other. I respectfully submit the following facts as the result, which I respectfully suggest are of sufficient importance to justify an early reference of the question to the Adjutant-General or the Quartermaster-General U. S. Army: Merchants at Salt Lake paid last year 12 cents per pound for transportation of their goods from the Missiouri border. We paid here, with the benefict of strong competition, 20 cents to same point. There is little probablity that the same service can be had in the ensuing spring for less than 35cents per pound in Treasury notes, while it may coast 40 cents. I think their can be no question as to the course pointed out by true economy. The original cost of supplies, especially of subsistance, will not be as great at the East as on this coast, while a large freight for supplies from the East is paid-firstly, for its transportation to San Francisco, and, secondly, still more for its transportation 600 miles inland. Captain Kellogg, commissary of subsistance here, addressed the Commissary-General upon the subject about fifteen days since. This is respectfully submitted for your considertion, and, if you deem it proper, to be then forwarded to the to the Adjutant-General or the Quartermaster-General.

Your obedient servant,

E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quatermaster-General.

[Inclosure.] SUBSISTANCE OFFICE, San Francisco, Cal., January 31, 1863.

Colonel J. P. TAYLOR,

Commissary-General of Subsistance, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: For the supply of subsistnace stores for the troops stationed in the vicinity of Salt Lake City, Utah Ter., for the year commencing November 1, 1863, I am directed by the department commander to cause to be purchases in that Territory such stores as may be obtained there at a less cost to the United States than their cost here added to the expense of transportation to Salt Lake. The supply required will be 400,000 rations. Uner the directions above named the graeter of these stores (except coffee, sugar, rice, and soap) will be obtained in Utah Territory. This will largely increase the expense of the subsistance for the coming year of the troops in this department, and in connection with this subject I have the honor to request your attention to the matter of my matter to you dated May 7, 1862, to which I have received no reply. For the transportation of stores from here to Salt Lake last summer the quartermaster paid 20

