
cents per pound. From the best information I have I judge that the price of freight will not be less (will not be less than 35 to 40 cents in anything but coin) than that amount next summer. In view of this, I have to submit to your consideration the question whether it be advisable to ship from Saint Louis the 400,000 rations of coffee, sugar, rice, and soap, or to send these articles from San Francisco. I have respectfully to request instructions on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

JNO KELLOGG,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Indorsement.]

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., Febraury 16, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the department commnder with my letter of this date, to be forwarded (at his direction) with my letter to Washington.

Your obedient servant,

E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 5. San Francisco, Cal., February 16, 1863.

The anniversary of a day which gave brith to the founder of our Republic will forever be commemorated by all true partriots. The name of Washington will never die. The great and good man who carried us triumphantly through the stormy Revolution of "76", and having filled the office of Chief Magnistrate of the Republic for eight years, withrdew from public life after having dedicated forty-five years to the service of his country, carrying with him in his retirement the love and affection of a free, united, and happy people.

The 22nd of February, 1863, the brithday anniversary of the illustrious Washngton, will be duly oberved by the Army of the Pacific.

At all station garrisoned with artillery a Federal salute will be fired at sunrise and a National salute at meridian; and at every station in the department the troops will be assembled, and the following extracts from the Farewell Address of George Washington will be read by the chaplain or other officer designated by the commander: *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, UTAH TERRITORY,

Great Salt Lake City, February 16, 1863.

General G. WRIGHT:

(Through Colonel R. C. Drum, Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.)

SIR: I hope that you will not deem me too officious in addressing this communication to you. For a few days past there has been a rumor (perhaps it is nothing else) that Colonel P. Edward Colonel, whose command is stationed near this city, is to be called elsewhere with the troops. I cannot believe that such an order would be given if the thrue condition of things here was understood. Indeed, in my opinion,

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

