
the withdraw of this force at this time make his advent into this Territory a great misfortune to those who evinced a kindness to him and lovalty to the General Government, for I am mistaken as to what will follow upon such an act. If would not be safe for those persons to remain in this city. They, at least, will have subjected themselves to insult and contumely, if nothing worse. The recent brilliant victory over the hostile Indians north of here, on Bear River, instead of becoming a cause for future safety to emingrants would only have a tenedency to enrage those still together for the purpose of murder and plunder, inasmuch as the dread of punishment would be thereby removed from their minds, and the fact that se terrible a chastisement had been adminstered by U. S. troops, and not by Mormons, would become a subtle and pausible argument in the mouth of the power here to induce them to from a still closer alliance with that power for common mischief in keeping out in future all troops whose persence was not desired. It is already understood that Mormons were daily in the hbait of visiting the camp of the band recently annihilated by Colonel Connor's command, and were enabled to pass through their country with safety where a Gentile would have been robbed and murdered without mercy. These things are well understood her, and the reasons clearly known. Secret agants of the church amployed to form a league for a common safety and a common purpose. This is not mer conjecture. I have not a doubt but that it will be that last time that U. S. soldiers will have the privilege of entering the Territory peaceably if Colonel Connor is now ordered away. I do not say that Mormons would meet our troops openly in such an attempt, although there are strong reason for believing that they would, yet I have no doubt but the Indians would encouraged to do so, and all possible succor would be given them by th powers here. If it is determined on by the General Government to hawithdraw it would be but justice to the Federal officers here to order them home also, for there would not remain a shadow of its authority in their hands. In advising you in regard to these facts I desire to say that I do not wish to create any unecessary alarm or apprehensions not well grounded. The facts, unpleasant as they are, still remain, and I know of no divided opinions with Federal officers here on that subject. The opinion with them I believe is universal. If I were allowed to make a suggestion further I would say that the command here under Colonel Connor should be increased with at least two additional regiments as soon as possible. The base of operations should be here, which would enable him to send out parties sufficiently strong to invite success. In this suggestion, however, I would interpose nothing against the opinions of the brave and accomplished commander, in whom we all have so much confidence. I will only add that in th withdraw of the troops the General Government virtually abandons her sovereigty over this Territory.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

S. S. HARDING,

Governor of Utah Territory.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, Cal., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Military Department, Headquarters San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the Cyane, soon expected from sea, has been ordered to remain at San Francisco for defensive

