
service beyond the range of the guns of Fort Alcatraz until relieved by some other vessel. I would respectfully suggest, for the protection of the city of San Francisco, or the part uncovered by the guns of Alcatraz, that earth-works be thrown up on Yerba Buena Island and a battery of guns planted on Point Rincon. This would bring a cross fire on a vessel which might get past Alcatrez on the city side. In connection with this subject, allow me to advise that the collector of the port of San Francisco have all inward-bound steamers boarded under the guns of Fort Point. This would effectually preclude the possiblity of any steamer getting in under false colors.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servnat,

THOS. O. SELFRIDGE,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscon, February 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 29th ultimo the District of Western Arizona to the Department of New Mexico and directing me to obey such instructions as I may receive from the military authorities in that department. I shall, therefore, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 2, headquarters District of Arizona, declare the District of Western Arizona abolished, turn over the command of the post at Tuscon to Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth California Infantry Volunteers, and make immediate preparations for proceeding to Mesilla. I desire in thus severing my official connection with the Department of the Pacific to assure you of my hearleft regret for the same and of my gratitude for the kindness and courtesy with which I have ever been treated by the general commanding and the heads of the several department at San Francisco.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth California Infantry Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 17, 1863.

Brigadier General J. C. TOTTEN,

Commanding Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.:

GENERAL: Allow me to express to you the hope that under the act of 20th of February, 1862, and perhaps under some appropriation at the present session of Congress, you may be able at once to order an officer of engineers to commence works at th mouth of the Columbia to be ready to receive they heavy ordnance promised in the accompanying letter of the Chief or Ordnance of 22nd of December*. The period of time which must necessirly elapse before they can come around Cape Horn to this river can be profitably employed in such preparation. As stated in my letter of the 30th of September last to Colonel De Russy, "The batteries now erected need not necessarily be temporary, but could no doubt from a part of the department fortifications,

---------------

* See p. 259.

---------------

