
and could as soon as convenient be made bomb-proof". I notice that the number and description or ordnance to be suppied conform precisely to your recommendantion of 27th of November. In General Ripley's indorsement of 3rd of December on that recommendantion I notice that he alludes to the non-commencement of fortifications as a cause of delay in forwarding ordance. I will respectfully urge that by making a commencement you will take from that department that excuse. So remote and exposed a coast constantly increasing in population and importance by the new discovries of gold should not be neglected by the Governmement.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 18, 1863.

Colonel CYRUS A. REED,

Adjutant-General State of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 10th instant. Several of the objections which you mention as standding in the way of recruiting in Southern Oregon are being removed. The soldiers are being paid mostly in gold. The paymastres have received $100,000, five-sixths of which was gold. I see by the paper that Paymaster Eddy, from San Francisco, went to Upper Sacramento to make a payment in gold, and had $45,000 with him. Camp Barker is not in my district and is paid from San Francisco. I am also informed that General Wright has been authorized to estabish a military post in the Klamath Lake country. I have no doubt that it will be done in the spring. I have no objections to your giving that information to the public; also please let Mr. Hand know of it. I wrote some time since the most urgent letters that the troops ashould always be paid in gold. It would be but the purest justice. The first step I took in June last in San Francisco when placed in command of this district was to ask for funds on accuont of the appropriation for raising, collecting, and organizinig volunteers.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 10. Mesilla, February 18, 1863.

* * * *

II. Captain Nicholas S. Davis, First Infantry California Volunteers, with twenty infantrymen of the garrison of Mesilla, will proceed to the Point of Rocks, on the Jornada, and build an estaque at that place. He will then examine the Ojo del Meurto with a view to the stationing of a company at that point. Captain Davis will then proceed to Fort Craig and make his report to department headquarters. The detachment will be sent back to Mesilla without delay.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General West:

J. F. BENNETT,

Second Lieutenant, First California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

