
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 6. San Francisco, Cal., February 19, 1863.

The general commanding the department has the gratifiction of announcing a signal victory gained by the California Volunteers under the command of Colonel P. Edward Connor, on the 29th of January, 1863, over a large body of hostile Indians, strongly posted on Bear River, Utah Ter. about 150 miles north of Salt Lake City. The force engaged consisted of Companies A, H, K, and M, Second Cavalry, under the immediate command of Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry, and Company K, Third Infantry. The battle lasted four hours, and its severity is well attested by the loss of the combatants, 224 Indians being left on the field, while the loss of the troops was 15 men killed and 4 officers and 49 wounded, out of a force not exceeding 200 actually engaged. One officer (Lieutenant Chase, Second Cavalry) and 5 enlisted men have since died of their wounds. Colonel Connor awards the highest praise to Major McGarry, Second Cavalry, and Major Gallagher and Surgeon Reid, Third Infantry, for their coolness, galantry, and skill, and bears testimony to the preservance and gallantry of company officer throughout the action, and closes his report by saying: "Of the good conduct and bravery of both officer and men California has reason to be pround. "

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 19, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: After a careful investignation of the subject and procuring the most riable information as to the coast of transportation of army supplies to the troops in the Territory of Utah, I feel warranted in recommending that all supplies for that district be sent from Missouri. Inclosed herewith is a communication addressed to me by Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Babbitt, deputy quartermaster-general, together with copy of a letter from Cap. John Kellogg, my chief commissary*. Should it be determined to send the supplies from the Missouri frontier, I beg that I may be notified by telegraph, as the season is fast approaching when arrangements must be made for purchasing and transporting.

Very respectfcully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTHA,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., February 19, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I desire rspectfully to call the attention of the general commanding to the state of affairs existing in this Territory, and to matters which, in my opinion, should receive the immediate attention

---------------

* See p. 313.

---------------

