
but two ways, according to my views, by which the laws can be enforced and refered effectual. First by dividing the Territory into four parts and adding the parts to the four adjoining Territories; second, by declaring martial laws, when if my force should be increased to 3,000 men, a light battery, and three pieces of heavy ordnance, I will guarantee to take such measures as will give Brigham no alternative but the to obey the laws, and then put a brief and to the institution of polygramy. I learn from reliable authority that the satelies and agents of Brigham are making strenuous efforts in Washington to have my command removed from this Territory, and unless my force is increased as above I would respectfully recommend to same myself; and at the same time I do not hesitate to predict, in case of the remova of the troops from his district, that it will cost the Government a treasure of money and blood before it could regain the position and advanges we now possess. Individually I would prefer to serve in another field. At the same time there is much to do here, and it would give me great pleasure to contribute my humble services to bolt out this stigma on our national honor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., Febraury 20, 1863.

Captain JULIAN McALLISTER,

Ordnance Department, Commanding Benecia Arsenal, Benecia, Cal.:

SIR: The battalion of the Third Infantry California Volunteers, at present encamped at Sacramento, will be ordered to proceed early in the spring to Camp Douglas, near Salt Lake City. The general commanding desires you to have ordnance stors required for the troops in the district prepared, so as to forward them with Lieutenant-Colonel Pollock's command at the time specified above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 21, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of correspondence between myself and the commandant of Mare Island Navy-Yard and collector of the port of Sant Francisco, on their subject of the defenses of the harbor*. The U. S. S. Cyane has arrived in port, and will remain on this station, but to make the city perfectly sale, steam-ships are indispensable. I learn (unofficially) that an iron-clad vessel is on the way to this coast. I hope susch is the case. The arrival of such a ship would quiet the apprehensions of the people.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See Wright to Selfridge, January 26, p. 294; Selfridge to Wright, January 29, p. 297; Wright to Rankin, February 11, p. 310; Rankin to Wright, February 12, p. 311; Selfridge to Wright, February 17, p. 315.

---------------

