
Thame by a party of rebels in Victiori was really true. A Mr. John T. Jefferys comes out and amits the fact and clearly proves that the Chronicle was correct in its report of the affair published a few weeks previous.

This mam Jefferys says: "I admit freely that there was a Confederate commodore here, and tmission in his pocekt. I admit that a crew was picket, and that the object was to injure Federal commerce in these waters. In short, I admit everything that you have stated, except that th expedition was a piratical one, and that the design was to burn the mail steamer. That would never have been done, except in case of necessity, which I think if safe to say would never have arisen.

"I make this statement boldly, not becasue I wish to render myself motorious, but because yur have meanly-with a meanness which your friends never supposed you capable of-vialated a confidence reposed in you, and made an affair public which you should have kept locked within your own breast. True, the thing had fallen through. True, the commodore had left and the scheme had abandoned; but, sir, by what right, or by whose permission did you feel warranted in exposing the interprise, without first consulting its leaders, or the parties who furnished you the information? I do not know your informant was, and I do not care to know now (time was when I might have cared, through); but this I will say, that he has betrayed a sacred confidence reposed in him, which he should have rether lost his life than to have done".

When! Me. Jefferys seems to be highly indignant at the editor of the Chronicle because he exposed the hellish plot and thus in a great measure the scheme. The Chronicle very property informs this Confederate Baron Muchausen that he regards him as a traitor, unworthy of sufficient notice to call for any further controversy, and dismisses him with just contempt.

At latest dates the steamer Thames has gone to Braclay Sound and was still the property of Anederson &amp; Co., of Victoria.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 11. Mesilla, Febraury 25, 1863.

I. Captain Emil Fritz, with Company B, First Cavalry California Volunteers,, will proceed to Fort West, Ariz. Ter., and report for duty to Captain William McCleave, commanding that post. Captain Firtz will send forward the train now in his charge with all practicable dispatch to Mesilla, protecter by an escort of not less than fifteen men.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General West:

J. F. BENNETT,Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 51. San Francisco, Cal., Febraury 26, 1863.

* * * *

2. Comanies A and B, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, under command of Major Henry Hancock, same regiment, will proceed on the steamer of the 1st proximo to Camp Drum.

