
3. On the arrival of Major Hancock's command at Camp Drum, Lieutenant-Colonel Lee, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed with the two companies of his regiment now at that camp to Fort Yuma, the command of which Lieutenant-Colonel Lee will assume.

4. As soon as practicable, after the arrival of Lieutenant-Colonel Lee at Fort Yuma, the Fith Infantry companies garrisoning that post will be pushed forward to Tuscon, whence they will proceed to Mesilla, or such other point as the commanding officer of that department may designate.

5. The headquarters of the Fifth Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers will proceed by the first opportunity to Tuscon.

6. All movements of troops across the Colorado desert should be made by company.

7. The transportation used in the movements above directed will be sent back to the posts whence it was drawn, Under no circumstances will any part of it beyond Tuscon.

8. As soon as the condition of th roads will permit, Company D, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, under the command of Major John M. O'Neil, same regiment, will proceed to and take post at Camp Union, near Sacramento, Cal.

9. As soon as the movement directed in the preceding paragraph is completed, the transportation used therefor will be sent to Stockton, where it will remain until further orders.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, February 26, 1863.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

Benicia, Cal.:

Companies A and B, of your regiment, under command of Major Hancock, will be sent to this city on Saturday night, and sail next day for San Pedro.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., Febraury 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following inspection report of the troops, public property, and buildings at this porst, as requird by Special Orders, Numbers 15, Department of the Pacific, January 17, 1863. In comliance with the above, I have carefully inspected and examined into each department. This post is garrisoned by the headquarters and Companies A, H, K, and M, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and the headquarters and Companies E, G, h, and K, Third Infantry California Volunteers, both of which regiments have conformed to the organization prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 126, War Department.

The discipline of the troops is excellent, but their instruction in military exercises is not as good as I would like, which is, however, attributable to the time counsumed in the march from California to this post, the

