
time consumed in the construction of cantonments and on detached sevrvice, and the incelemncy of the season, which has allowed of but few drills in the last eight months. They are, however, well instructed in their other duties. The clothing, arms, equipements, and accounterments of the infantry are in good condition, kept clean and in good order; their clothing is well preserved, is kept very neat, and is warm and comfrotable, thought the supply of some articles nearly exhausted. The kitchen, mess furniture, &amp;c., of the companies in good order, cleantly, and carefully kept, the food well cooked, wholsome, and pentiful in quantity. The books, papers, and files neatly kept, and the company fund properly and judiciously expednded in the purchanse of necessaries for the men.

The quarters or cantoments are thirty-two in number, and are temporary shelters of tents placed over excav nations four feet deep, with good stone and adoble firplace. They are warm and confortable, capable of accommodating twelve men each, are all dry, well ventilated, and convenient to good water. They are kept clean and in good order.

The quarters occupied by the cavalry companies are constructed in the same manner, and are equal in every respect to the infantry in comfort and conveniences. The mess, kitchen, and company furniture is also well preserved; is in good order; the company books, papers, files, &c., kept with system, and the funds fairly and judiciously expended in the purchase of such articles as are needed by the men. Their clothing is, however, scanty, old badly out of repair, much of it quite worn out, having been worn a long time. Many of the men are quite ragged, and before a new supply of clothing can be had will be quite destitute. Their arms, accounterments, and equipments of all kinds need repairs, and some of them are totally unfit for service. Their belts are much worn and are nearly worhtless; many of the carbiness broken and unfit for service and others usless and wanting repairs. Two companies are armed with Whitney rifles, a very unwiedly arm an quite unsuited to cavalry service, being difficut to load or carry on horseback. Many of these are also out of repair, and some of them unfit for use by reason of long service. A large number of the pistols used also out of repair, and some totally unserviceable, never having been repaired since they have been in use. I also find qyite a large number of the carbine cartridges are too shot for those pieces and some entirely usless. The horse equipments, excepting the saddles, are also in very bad order, having been worn a long time and badly wanting repairs, particularly the bridles and bits; the latter are made of cold iron, re very narrow, chafe the horse's mouth, and are easily broken. The horses are in very good condition as to appearance aare generally light and rather small for efficient field service. A few of them are worn out and unfit for use.

The officers' quartrs consist of thirteen small buildings constructed of longs and adobes over ground excavations of from three to four feet deep and covered with boards, straw, and earth. They have good fireplaces, and everage four rooms each. The building occupied by the commanding officer is above ground, constructed of adobes, contains five rooms, two of which are occupied as adjutants office. The above are all temporary structers and only adapted to shelter this winter. The guard house contains three rooms and a cell; the bake house, one room and a large. These are also above ground and are built of stone and adobes; they re substantial structers and well adapted to the wants of the command. The commissionary's ad quartermaster's offices and stores are all under one cover, constructed of paulins strached over a substantial frame 200 feet long. The hospital consists of a small log structure and three hospital tents, rendered warm and comfortable by

