
boards and earth; is in excellent condition and well arranged for the comfort and convenience of the sick this winter; has good frieplaces, and it is well supplied with all the medical stores necessary. The sick and wounded receive every attention and all th luxuries the country affords. But little sickness has prevailed at the post.

At this date, owing to wounds injuries received on the march to and at the battle of Bear River, the morning report shows seventy sick in quarters and twenty-two in hospital; one officer and six men have died of their wounds, all being shot in a vital prt; four men have had their toes amputated, and two have lost a finger each. The inmates of the hospital are now doing well and, with one exception, will all probably recover. There are four cavalry stables, two quartermaster's stables, and one blacksmith's shop, all of which re constructed of willows bound togehter by upringhts and well lined and covered with straw and earth. The stables are very warm, wel drained, and convenient to good water.

The buildings combine comfort with economy, and the materials used in their construction will answer every purpose in the erection of more permanent quarters. The post treasure's books are well and neatly kept. The fund is divided among the companies at the post. The capacity of the officers conducting the administrative and staff departments, good. Their books and papers are in good order, and their respective duties discharged with fidelity and economy to the Government and credit to themselves. There is $403. 25 in U. S. Treasury notes on hand in the quartermaster's department. The condition of all the public porperty, with the exception of a few wagons (with need repair), is good, having been well taken care of and carefully used. There is no post school, but several moral and religious societes exercise a heathful infuence in the command. Divine service is well attanded. There are but two desertions to record during the last two months. Courts-martial are rare, have been seldom for grave offenses, and very few offencers requiring punishment. The officers of the post are, with two exceptions, gentlement of sound helath, good moral character, and temperate habits, and attentive and efficient in the discharge of their duties. Inclosed herewith I have the honor to transmit rolls of officers and men who have been mustered into the service since of the organization of the companies and regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 26, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following reply to so much of your letter of the 16th ultimo as requests my views as to the establihment of a post near the Klamath Lakes, Oreg. In reply to inquiries addressed to intelligence gentlemen of Southern Oregon, I have received such information as convinces me that the step is necessary one to protect the emigrant road and frontier settlements. The Klamath and Modoc Indians, who inhabit the country surrounding the chain of lakes, have, so far as I can learn, about 1,200 souls. The new post would be upon the emigrant road from Missouri, which leads from the

