
South Pass via Humboldt River and Goose Lake to Southern Oregon. Many emigrants have at different dates been murdered upon that road, and it is proper that protection should be given to the route and to settlements near the lakes. Jess Applegate, esq., writes me that the best position for the post will be on the western bank of the Klamath River, as near to where it empties into the Lower Klamath Lake as a suitable site can be had. This would be about seventy miles eastsoutheast from Jacksonville. It should be on th western bank, to be on the side toward the settlement and as near the lower lake as possible, as thereby it would protect a ferry across the river. This ferry would shorten the emigant road, he writes, twenty-five miles, enabling it to pass to the upper extremity of the lower lake instead of going aroung the southern extremity (see William's map. Numbers 2, sixth volume of Pacific Railroad Explorations). I am satisfied that two companies will be a sufficient garrison for the post. If the general commanding the department can send one company of infantry from California to join the company of First Oregon Cavalry now at Camp Baker, near Jacksonville, the two would suffice. I would recommend that Major C. S. Drew, First Oregon Cavalry, be ordered to abandon Camp Barker and establish the new post. The movement should be made, I supose, about the 25th of May. The new post, like Camp Barker, would, I supose, get its supplies from Crescent City, distant from the latter about 120 miles. On account of the snow on the Caost RAnge all wagoing should be performed between the 15th of May and the 31st of October. Fifteen wagons with six mules each in addition to those now on hand would probalbly suffice for a train to supply the post. They can be sent to Camp Barker from Sacramento, distance 300 miles, over the stage road. Camp Barker is neaver to the latter place than to this post, and I shall need here all the transportation I can raise for the Fort Boise and Snake expedition. I despair of hearing of another comapany baing raised near Jacksonville of the First Oregon Cavalry. The Governor has placed recruiting officer there who meets with but little encouragement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, Febraury 27, 1863.

Brigadier General W. C. KIBBE,

Sacramento, Cal.:

Comanche is being shipped. The measures of defense for San Francisco must depend upon the passage of bill now before Congress.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CORVALLIS, OREG., February 27, 1863.

His Excellency Governor A. C. GIBBS,

Portland, Oreg.:

SIR: We of Corvllis and vicinity have received information from the officers of Fort Hoskins that the fort is to be immediately abandoned; that a [few] soldiers are to be left with agent on the reserve, and that the change is to be made within three weeks. The time is short in which to prepare and circulate amongst the people petitions

