
against such a policy. Here are 2,500 of the worts Indians on the coast-Indians who have been engaged in war; who have destroyed settlements, burned infants, carried off women captive, surrounded and nearly captured companies of U. S. troops; who we know have done these things, and within eight years; Indians who are posted in the matter of the present troubles of the country; who have been led to believe the Governmnet has failed-fone in; who have recently forced their agent to leave throght fear for his life; who are plentifully suppied with powder, having free access to this town; who are thoroughly possed as to their portion of the vallley and its means of defense, have knowledge of recent uprising of the Minnesota Indians, and to whom the promises and pledges of the United States, in treaty, are as naught, never fulfilled. And yet, whit the past-yes, present-Minnesota Indian massacres in view, the officer commanding this military department invites such a disater.

I feel it to be my duty, as one, to call your attantion to this matter, that you may, if you deem it best, cause the order for abandoning the necessary protection of this settlement to be revoked. And allow me to add that Mr. J. B. Congle, of your city, is one well acguainted with this settlement, and of the importance of that post, situated, as it is, just at the edge of the settement, as well ast the line of the reserve, and also, that on this day Doctor Carpenter, of Fort Hoskins, is en route to Portland, and can give you full information of the feelings of the Indians. It is a well-know fact that the Indians have had plans long laid to, and how to, cut off the settlements, which though never to be fully realized will, I have no doubt, if this force is removed, be partially successful. Doctor Carpenter, who is a gentelmen and man of familty residing "at garrison", was, with reason, somewhat inclined to remove from the fort to town with his family last summer. The danger is in the summer, when the men are at the mines. There will doubtless be petitions presented to you for your influence to be brought to prevent the removl of troops from this post. I hope they may meet with your approval, and having presented the matter in the light I view it, I have only to say.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. D. BARNARD.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, Febraury 27, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sant Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, for the consideratin of the general commanding the department, the following reasons for proposing to abandon Mesilla and to move its garrison, the depot, and headquarters of the district to Hart's Mill: First. The greater salubrity of the new locality. Some remarks and date on the subject are submitted in the accompanying letter from Surgeon Bryan, chief of the medical staff*. The sickly season is approaching and suggests the warning to provide for the greater health of the troops. Second. The better morals of the troops that can be maintained. The adjacent town of Franklin has less than 100 ihabitants. The selling of liquor to soldiers can be entirely prohibited. Permission to visit El Paso can be granted as a privilege, the abuse of which can be controlled by the command of the crossing of the Rio Grande. In support of the two foregoing

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

