HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., July 19, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE S. EVANS,

Second Cav. California Vols. Commanding Owen's Lake Expedition:

(Through Captain E. A. Rowe, Adobe Meadows, Cal.)

SIR: In reply to your letter* of the 9th instant, reporting the operations of the Owen's Lake Expedition, the general commanding the department instructs me to say that if you are fully satisfied that the Indians recently engaged in hostilities in that quarter are repentant and really desire to live in peaceful relations with the whites, you are authorized to make a treaty with them securing protection to the settlers. The Indians must restore all property they have stolen from the whites: hostages to the number of four or five, consisting of sub-chiefs or influential members of the tribe, with their families, to be sent to Fort Churchill, must be given as a guarantee of their good faith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT BAKER, CAL., July 20, 1862.

First Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, JR.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

Sir: I have the honor to report that Stephen Fleming (citizen) this afternoon brought into camp and turned over to the military eleven Indians taken by a party of citizens near Kettenshaw. There is one buck, six squaws, and four children. The detachment sent out under Sergeant Jones on the 15th instant has not yet returned. They were under orders to strike over to Eel River; from thence to Kettenshaw by the way of Fort Seward; from thence back to the post. I expect that they will succeed in bringing Las-sic's band in with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Fort Baker.

[JULY 21, 1862. -For General Orders, Numbers 11, Column from California, constituting the District of Western Arizona, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 92.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 140. Fort Walla Walla, July 21, 1862.

I. The expedition ordered out by Special Orders, Numbers 35, headquarters District of Oregon, dated July 8, 1862, for the protection of the expected emigration will be composed of Companies A, B, and D, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers. These companies will hold themselves in readiness to march on the 25th instant, or as soon thereafter as practicable, remaining in the field until November 1 proximo.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Maury:

HENRY McCANN,

First Lieutenant, Fourth California Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 148.

---------------

3 R R-VOL L, PT II

