
reason, the excellent heaalth and behavoir of the command now stationed at Franklin is referred to. Third. The diminished expense to the Government. Up to the present time all soldiers have been quartered and public stores been located buildings in Mesilla belonging to secessionists. Process before the civil courts is now progressing that will wither speedily result in the sale of this property to private individuals or in its restoration to its present owners. An outlay for rents must soon consequently follow to an extent of some $600 or $700 per month. The town of Franklin, adjacent to Hart's Mill, contains buildings to abscounding rebels sufficient to accommodate six companies, with a very superior building for a complete depot, while Hart's Mill proper would afford excellent district headquarters, with accommodation for all staff officers. The free occupancy of all these premises is not likely to be distrubed until the Federal cours shall be reorganized in Texas. Until the incoming harvest all gain forage must be derived from Mexico, and much of it will always be supplied from that source. The tranportation of this gain to Mesilla will always be a greater labor than the increased distance of carrying the garrison supplies beyond Mesilla will involve. Hay is of better quality, and invariably furnished cheaper at Franklin. In the present distribution of troops in the district I see no argument against the removal proposed that is not greatly overbalanced by the reasons above named. In all probability Fort West and Pinos Altos, Fort Bowie, and Tuscon must be almost entirely supplied from the Pacific Coast, or if not the two former, a proper economy would dictate the opening of a road to them from Fort Craig without coming to Mesilla. In the meantime, any supplies fro those localities could take thae regular mail road through Mesilla without the necessity of going down to Franklin. The change would affect nothing to the prejudice of the transaction of business at district headquarteric point of view, the troops ould be equally well if not more advantageously locted at Franklin than here. A strong defensive point exists within five miles of the town. Should these reasons so determine the commanding general, I respectfully ask permission to make the removal, and warmly recommend that it be ordered.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedien servant,

J. R. WEST

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, Febraury 28, 1863.

General WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Secretary does not deem it advisable to issue arms to militia companies.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 28, 1863.

His Excellency Governor HARDING,

Great Salt Lake City, Utah Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 16th instant. I have to assure

