
Your Excellency that so far from there being any design on my part to remove the troops or any portion of them from Utah I am now making preparations to send re-enforcements to Colonel Connor early in the spring. The views which Your Excellency takes of the affairs of Utah are precisely such as I have already communicated to my Government. Some time since I informed the War Department of my design to re-enforce Colonel Connor, setting forth fully the necessity of our maintaining a respectable force in that country.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., Febraury 28, 1863.

WILLIAM H. RECTOR, Esq.,

Superintendet of Indian Affairs, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: I desire, if I can get authority abandon Fort Hoskins and to send the department to the Siletz Reservation from Fort Yamhill. The company at Fort Hoskins is wanted in field. I have directed that an exploration shall be made for a wagon road from Fort Yamhill to the Siletz, and it is believed by the Indian agent at Fort Yamhill that a much better road can be obtained than the present pack trail from Fort Hoskins to the Siletz. As the agent near Fort Yamhill is close to the agent at the Siletz, this arrangemnet I suppose to be the best that can be made. I understood you verablly to assent to the propriety of th above changes. Please say if I am right interpretation of your views.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 40. Fort Lapwai, Wash. Ter., February 28, 1863.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 6, headquarters District of Oregon, the undersigned hereby turns over the command of this post to Captain W. J. Matthews, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.

R. F. MAURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Oregon Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 2, 1863.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of the State of California, Sacramento City, Cal.:

SIR: Apprehensive that there may be some misunderstandding as regards the raising and organizing the volunteer companies for special service in supperssing Indian hostilities in the Military District of Humboldt, I deem it important to say that when I called upon Your Excellency for those six companies it was understood that they were to be called out not under the laws calling for volunteers to suppress the rebellion, as for that purpose I had no power, but simply for service in their own enighborhood and for their own safety and protection

