
against the Indians, and when no longer required for that purpose to be discharged. I am under the impression that these troops when called out for the purposes above stated may suppose that they are entitled to be placed on the same footing with the volunteer troops called for by the Government to serve for the three years, or duting the war, and so they should be by rights, but if they enter the service on this special call I wish it distancly understood that I dannot guarantee that they will rceive all the allowances made to men enlisted for three years or during the war. To be explicit, if those companies are raised and mustered into the U. S. service I can provision them and furnish arms and everything necessary to make a campaign, but I have no means of defraying expenses of recruiting such companies or of paying the officer and men their monthly allowances. All these things would require a special appropriation by Congress. All the moneys in hands of disburising officers in this department have been furnished to meet the demands under existing laws, and I have on powe to divert any portion of such funds to other purpose. I have said thus much because I did not want to get companies enrolled and then have dissatisfaction and complaints of not being placed on the same footing as other volunteers. Uner all these circumstances it is submitted to Your Excellency, whether it would be better to call out these companies at once or wait the action of the War Department.

With great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

HOUSTON, March 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: The within is a copy of the authority granted Governor Baylor to raise a brigade*. Finding these troops organized into battalions accordidng to within authority, and having been directed by th Secretary of War to take steps of recover Arizona, I have continued these organizations and consolidated them into regiments according to thei inclosed order with a view of curtailing superfluous officers and rendering the troops were raised and formed into battalions. I have done this with the view of winning back Arizona, if the events on the Mississippi should justify it, and keeping the troops in readiness for the defense of the coast should the enemy be successful on the Mississippi.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 81. Houston, Tex., February 21, 1863.

* * * *

III. Several changes having been made in the details of the organization of the Arizona Brigade, as announced in Special Orders, Numbers 74 (February 14), paragraph XII, the following is published as the final organization:

First Regiment to be formed from the Arizona Brigade is to be composed of what is known as Hardeman's battalion of six companies,

---------------

* See Part I, p. 1108.

---------------

