
and Captain Wood, Moody, McKee, and Quinn's companies, with the following field and staff, respectively: William P. Hardeman, colonel; Peter Hardeman, lieutenant-colonel; Michael Looscan, major; Silas Hare, captain and assistant quartermaster; James Magoffin, captain and assistant commissary of subsistance; D. Warverly Lewis, lieutenant and adjutant; Hamilton Bradford, suregon.

Second Regiment from the Arizona Brigade to be composed of what is known as G. W. Baylor's battalion, two companies of Mullen's battalion, and Captains Anderson and Caffey's companies, with the following field and staff, resepctively: George Wythe Baylor, colonel; John W. Mullen, lieutenant-colonel; Sherdon Hunter, major; Francis J. Mullen, captain and assistant quartermaster; William H. Lloyd, captain and assistnat of subsistence; Thomas E. Hogg, lieutenant and adjutant; William Madison, surgeon.

Third Regiment of this bridge is to be composedd of what is known as Madison's battalion, with Captains Faucett and Hendrick's companies, and such other companies as may hereafter be assigned to it, with the following field and stff, respectively: Joseph Phillips, colonel; George T. Madison, lieutenant-colonel; Alonzo Ridley, major; William D. Kirk, captain and assistant quartemaster; Robert G. Turner, captain and assistant commissary of subsistance; Thomas W. English, lieutenant and adjutant; William R. Robinson, surgeon; Andrew J. Hay, assistant surgeon.

Fourth Regiment of this brigade is to be formed in Arizona and New Mexico, with the following field officers: Spruce M. Baird, colonel; Dan. Showalter, lieutenant-colonel; Ed. Riordan, major.

First Battalion of the Arizona Brigade is to be composed of what is known as Davidson's battalion, to be commanded by A. H. Davidson, who will be recommended for the position of lieutenant-colonel of this battalion when the battalion shall be increased to six companies; C. L. Martin, lieutenant and adjutant. In addition to which the brigade staff will be as follows: Major J. C. Stafford, quartermaster; Major J. S. West, assistant commissary of subsistance; Captain C. R. Benton, ordnance officer; Captain Walker Wheeler, assistant adjutant-general; Dr. J. F. Matchet, brigade surgeon.

The above is subject to the sanction of the President, to whom the officers will be recommended for commission.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 2, 1863.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor herewith in inclose to you a letter of the 9th ultimo, forwarded through this office from Brigadier General George Wright, commanding the Department of the Pacific*. You are aware that by my letter to you of the 5th ultimo I already anticipated his wishes in making a request that the six additional companies of the First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers may be raised. This I did pursuant to this instructions of the 23rd of December, 1862. I suppose that this new communication from General Wright is due to a recent communication he has received from the Secretary of War. In the letter of Colonel

---------------

* See p. 307.

---------------

