
Drum, assistant adjutant-general, of the 10th ultimo, forwarding the accompanying letter, he says, referring to the original instructions of the War Department, dated 24th of September, 1861, to Colonel Cornelius, R. F. Maury, and B. F. Harding, &amp;c., for raising the regiment; "Since the date of the above-named instructions the administration of the State government has fallen into other hands, and the general therefore directs that all appointments to commissions in the regiments will be made by the present Governor. The general desires you to confer freely with the Governor on this subject, urging the importance of speedy action". In my letter to General Wright of the 8th of January I said that I had conferred with you. I sent him a copy your proclamation a strenuous effort to raise the compnanies. I knew well your patritic sentiments and your desire to comply with the requisition.

I remain, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

CAMP DOUGLAS, SALT LAKE, March 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Excited meeting of Mormons held to-day in Tabernacle; appointed committed; asked Governor Harding and Federal Judges Waite and Drake, the only Federal officers here who dare to do their duty, to resign. Have no fears for me.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third California Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, March 3, 1863.

His Excellency Don LOUIS TERRAZAS,

Governor of Chihuahua:

GOVERNOR: I have had the extreme pleasure of learning from Colonel David Fregusson of the kind welcome which he received at the hands of Your Excellency and those of the people of your State. We aknowledge ourselves your debtors, and shall be gratified at the opportunity to reciprocate your kindness. You will permit me also to thank you officialy for the prompt attention given by Your Excenllency toward the redress of the trifling grievances occurring on your frontier, of which we had occasion to complain. It is gratifying to be assured that our confidence in your good faith and neutrality has been confirmed to the fullest extent. I had the honor on the 30th of January to communicate to you, through the perfect of El Paso, the designs of the general commanding the Department of New Mexico to thoroughly chastise the Apache Indians, to whose depredations the frontiers of our respective countries are mutually subjected. In the prosecution of that measure it may happen that the Indians when pursued by our troops may cross the line into your territory. It must readily occur to you that a mere georgraphical boundary might prevent the capture or pusnihment of a band of these savages fleeing to your State from our territory, and I have respectfully to ask your permission for our troops to cross your lines for the purpose of pursuing such fugitives. You my rest assured

