
that whenever such permission is availed of the officer in command will in no manner abuse the privilege. The permission which is now requested will at all times be cheerfully reciprocated in favor of the troops in Mexico.

With a renewal of my thanks for the courtesies already extended by you, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, March 3, 1863.

His Excellency IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of Sonora, Mexico:

GOVERNOR: I had the honor on the 30th of January to communicte to you the desisgn of the general commanding the Department of Nwe Mexico to througly chstise the Apache Indians, to whose depredations the froniers of our resepctive are mutaully subjected. In the prosecution of that measure it may happen that the Indians, when pursued by our troops, may cross the line into your territory. It must readily occur to you that a mere geographical boundary might prevent the capture or punishment of a band of these savages fleeing to your State from our territory, and I have respectfully to ask permission for our troops to corss your lines for the purpose of pursuing such fugitives. You may rest assured that whenever such permission is availed of the officer in command will in no manner abuse the privilege. The permission which is now requsted will at all times be cheerfully reciprocated in favor of the troops of Mexico.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

D. R. WEST,

Briegadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQAURTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 13. Mesilla, March 4, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel David Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on the 5th instant to Tuscon, for the performance of special duty. Lieutenant-Colonel Fergusson will be provided by the commanding officer of Mesilla with and escort of twenty men of men of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, suplied with fifteen days' rations.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General West:

J. F. BENNETT,Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP BARKER, OREG., March 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of th Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith for the consideration of the commanding general the resignation of Asst. Surg. D. S. Holton, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers. Doctor Holton is a zealous and faithful officer, and I regret that circumstance, those which he sets forth, render it

