
much advantage to the service, besides meting out but simple justice to long-deferred creditors, and no greator cost to the Government. This delay and uncertainty, about the payment of the troops at this post is also working a public injury by preventing enlistments in this part of Oregon, in any considerable number, for th new companies ordered to fill this regiment. Good men will not enlist for $6 or $7 a month while $13 is the regular pay, and moreover, being realized by every soldier in any other department than the Pacific. Men who would enlist under these circumstances are, as a general rule, entirely wortheless for soldiers or anything else, and would be an incubus upon the service if permitted to join it.

I beg to be understood as reporting the condition of things actually existing here, and not as I would have them. Neither would I be understood as casting any censure whatever upon any officer of this department. I am aware that Colonel Ringgold would have taken as favorable action in our case with regard to payment as he has at any other post, had it not been for the unfortunate order of the Secretary of the Treasury that his drafts should be paid in notes, and at a time too when there were no notes on hand. I trust that the commanding general will give us a word of encouragement, if in his power, so that it may be imparted to the men of this command, many of whom are becoming somewhat alarmed as to their pay and as to the currency to be used in payment.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. DREW,

Major, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, March 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Mesilla:

COLONEL: The reports that reach these headquarters of the mismanagement of affairs at Tuscon and the inexperience of the officer in command at For Bowie induce me to request you to visit these localities, with a view of promoting the interests of the service. Your duties and powers will necessarily somewhat assimilate to those of an acting -general, but in addition thereto you have hereby full authority to issue all orders and commands is my name that may seem to you needful to the service. At Fort Bowie you will instuct the commanding officer to order back all flags of truce presented by Indians, to do this instantly on their being presented, and then to attack the party sending them; to endeavor to make their women and children prisoners, and to send the captives to Mesilla whenever an opportunity shall offer; to war on the grown male Indians whenever and wherever found, without hesitation or exception. You will screutinize the discipline of the command, the management of the post, the quartermaster's stores, and subsistance supplies. You will ascertain whether Lieutenant Slocum has been promoted, and if he has you will have him relieved by this successor as soon as the latter comes within your orders, and send Lieutenant Slocum to this proper company, if that is within this district; in the other event, you will report where his company is stationed.

On reaching Tuscon you will deliver to Lieutenant Colonel Theodore A. Coult, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, the order which places him under

22 R R-VOL L, PT II

