
arrest, and he will come forward under the first escort at your disposal to these headquarters. You will then institute a thorough and searching investigation into the management of the affairs of the Western District of Arizona and Tuscon since your relief from that command in September last. The letting of contracts must claim your attention, and whether the regulations in regard to them have been in all respects complied with. The conduct of the quartermaster's department, the hiring of employes, &amp;c., are all commended to your notice. You will report upon the means of transportation at the disposal of the quartermaster, its condition and employment. You will have a return sent to these headquarters of the property on hand in the quartermaster's and subsistance departments, and you will call the attention of the acting staff officer to the regulations for returns prescribed by the chief quartermaster and commissary of this district. You will assign as the successor in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Colut the officer next highest in rank. With the new commander you will revise all the records of the office and all orders emanating from headquarters Department New Mexico and of the District of Arizona, and require him to comply with all such as have been neglected, the execution of which will still comport with the interests of the service. You will institute a regid investigation into the personal and official conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel Coult during the time that he has been in command at Tuscon, and you will report whether, in your opinion, his conduct and management have been such as his obligations as an officer of the Government required or otherwise. You will make full reports on the points therein noted and remain at Tuscon until further orders, giving in the meantime every assistance to bodies of U. S. troops moving on Arizona from California and making all such arangements for their supplies as may suggest themselves to you as essential. You may retain Lieutenant Toole, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, at Tuscon, or make use of his service at any point that may deem them valuable. The blanks left in paragraphs VI and VII of Special Orders, Numbers 13, conventing two boards of officers at Tuscon, you are at liberty to supply with the names of such officers as may to you seem best fifted for those duties.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, March 5, 1863.

Captain VALENTINE DRESHER,

Commanding Company B, First Infantry California Vols., Mesilla:

CAPTAIN: Advices have been received this morning that the Navajo Indians will probably attempt to pass the Rio Grande from the east by the San Diego Corssing with a large herd of stolen sheep. You will occupy some favorable locality in the vicinity of that crossing and endeavor to recover the sheep, and kill the Indians if they attempt to pass the river. Seclude your command as much as possible; awoid smoke by day and ifre by night as much as possible. Keep a picket posted at some prominent point by night and day to watch the approach of the Indians. Keep your teams with you, guarding the animals

