
of Oregon have promptly and gallantly rallied for the defense of the frontier, and that they would now come forwared if they were throughly convinced of the necessity. California has sent troops to Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, and Oregon, and her volunteers have recently achieved a brilliant victory over the Indians on the soil of Washington Territory-the same Snake Indians against whom troops from this quarter will operate.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 7, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: For the information of the General-in-Chief and War Department I have the honor to transmit herewith a communication from Colonel P. Edward Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding District of Utah, dated at Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., February 19, 1863*. As soon as the roads are practicable I shall push forward to Salt Lake the balance of Colonel Connor's regiment, four companies, and if possible one or two companies of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OT THE PACIFIC, Numbers 60. San Francisco, Cal., March 7, 1863.

* * * *

2. Captain Robert S. Williamson, Topographical Engineers, and one assistant will proceed via San Juan Island to Fort Bellingham and make a survey and map of such land as will be sufficient for military pruposes at that post. The commanding officer at San Juan Island will furnish, for the purpose above specified, one non-commissioned officer and such number of enlisted men as Captain Williamson may require. After completing the duty to which he si assigned Captain Williamson will return to this city.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BABBITT, Visalia, March 7, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

SIR: On the night of the 5th instant some thirty or more members of this command left camp shortly after tattoll roll-call and proceeded to the town of Visalia, and while there completly destroyed the office

---------------

* See p. 318.

---------------

