
of the Equal Rights Expositor, breaking the doors and windows of the building, breaking the press and throwing the type, paper, ink &amp;c., in the street. A patrol was marched into the town as soon as possible, but the damage was done before they could reach the scene. Las night, at the request of Mr. H. G. Mclean, publisher of the Visalia Delta, I furnished a guard for the protection of his office, which he (Mr. McLean) feared might be destroyed by the secessionists. I was somewhat apprehensive that a distrubance would take place this afternoon, therefore I have caused the town to be patrolled by a strong force, by whom three soldiers, and one citizen were arrested; the former for being in town without leave, and the latter for exciting riot by cheering for Jeff. Davis.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. O'NEILL,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 14. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 7, 1863.

Major A. W. Bowman, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, will repair to Fort Lapwai, Wash. Ter., and assume command of that post. General Orders, Numbers 15, of the 20th of October, 1862, is hereby rescinded.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP DOUGLAS, March 8, 1863.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Mormons hard at work making cartridges; guard of 300 men at Brigham's nightly; don't understand what he is about; suppose he fears I will arrest him. I am quite safe.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third California Volunteers Infantry.

SACRAMENTO, March 9, 1863.

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

I request authority for mustering in six companies for special service against Indians in Humboldt District. Specially recommended by the Governor.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP DOUGLAS, March 9, 1863-4 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Brigham just raised nation colors on his house and called his people to arms. They are responding, and rushing to this house. He is trying to frigten somebody or is frightened himself.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third California Volunteer Infantry.

