
at hand. Ther river is about 150 feet wide and quite deep, though a ford is found a short distance below the camp. The remark is recorded that "every requisite for a good camp ground was found in abundance in the vicinity". The altitude of the lake is about 4,130 feet above the sea, and in winter must be very cold, with doubtless much snow. The winter climate would be similar to the of Fort Crook, though more severe, as it is a degree adn a half farther nort, and 1,350 feet higher. The Indians (at least in summer) live mostly on Klamath marsh, thirty miles north of Camp 30, though some few were found on the northeast banks of the upper lake. None were ever seen o. The principal objection to the locality I have last described is that it is thirty miles farther for supplies to be brought, and in that thirty miles are several ridges of trap rock, over which it may be difficult to make a good road. The trail over which I passed was difficult; still, as I did not stop to search for a better, I cannot say a better cannot be found. I am inclined to believe, upon th whole, that the information I obtained is not sufficient to determine the precise spot which should be selected for the proposed post, and that a reconnaissance with that view will be necessary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedientt servnat,

R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Captain, Topographical Engineers.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 11, 1863.

Major J. M. O'NEILL,

Visalia, Cal.:

Send word to Repes not to follow the Indians too far into the mountains; to afford all possible protection to settlers. Has a company left for Independence?

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, March 11, 1863.

Captain J. M. ROPES,

Camp Independence, Owens' River Valley;

SIR: Forty-four men of Company E left camp this morning under command of First Lieutenant S. R. Davis to re-enforece Camp Independence. As per instructions from headquarters Department of the Pacific, received by telegraph, copy of which please find inclosed*, you will not follow the Indians too far into the mountains, but will render all possible assistance to the setlers now residing in and about the neighboohood of Owen's Valley. Hopin you may meet with every success,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servnat,

JOHN M. O'NEILL.

CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, March 11, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

SIR: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that in accordance with instructions received forty-four men of Company E,

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

