
Second Cavalry, under the command of First Lieutenant S. R. Davis, left this camp this morning to re-enforce Camp Independence, Owen's River. Eleven men of said company are still remaining at this camp, not being property mounted to make the march. Camp Heman Noble also remains, being on the sick report. Neighborhood quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. O'NEILL,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SACRAMENTO, March 11, 1863.

Colonel P. E. CONNOR,

Salt Lake:

Be prudent adn cautious. Hold your troops well in hand. A day of retribution will come. Telegraph direct to Adjutant-General Thomas any important events.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 16. Mesilla, March 11, 1863.

I. Company B, First Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Pinos Altos and relieve Company A, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers. Major Jos. Smith with the latter company will report at Las Cruces for orders, turning over to Captain Dresher all his supplies, except ten days' rations. The post commander of Mesilla will sned 1,200 rations to Captain Dresher at San Diego Crossing. The chief quartermaster will furnish two additional wagons to Captain Dreher, and all the transportation taken by him to Pinos Altos will be brought to Las Cruces by Major Smith. Major McCleave, commanding Fort West, will make the necessary alterations upon his field returns.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General West:

J. F. BENNETT,Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., March 12, 1863.

J. P. WNTWORTH,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs,

Numbers 423 Washington Street, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I am instructd inform you that Captain Ropes, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding Camp Independence, states in his official report of Indian difficulties at Owen's Lake that the Indians justify their recent outbreak on the grounds that the Government has not obeserved and kept the promises made to them in the traty of alst summer. The general thinks the presetn distrubance, with threatens to be general, would be more easily quelled if you were to visit that part of the State and reassure the chiefs as to the policy and determination of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

