HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, March 12, 1863.

Captain VALENTINE DRESHER,

Commanding Company B, 1st Infty. Cal. Vols., San Diego Crossing:

CAPTAIN: Your preceding orders to remain at San Diego Crossing until the 15th are countermanded. You will now get and oreder to proceed without delay to Pinos Altos. Corss the river at San Diego and make for Cooke's Springs, either by the way of Fort Thorn or by a road that leaves the river below the fort. When leaving the river yourself you must be careful to fill the water kegs, &amp;c., as the distance is some thirty miles to Cooke's. On arriving at Pinos Altos you communicate with Major McCleave at Fort West as soon as possbile, giving him an account of your subsistence suplies. If you have less than 5,000 rounds ammunition request Major Smith to have enough turned over to you to make up that quantity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Mesilla, March 12, 1863.

Captain Ben. C. CULTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: Please inform the general commanding that I propose to establish all of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers (except such as are on duty at department headquarters), as vedettes, on the road between here and Tuscon, as soon as possible. It will be dsireable to have these vedettes scomposed entirely of men from one company. Threir supplies and clothing can be much better regulated. As this will leave me without any cavalry to escort supply trains from Fort Craig, I respectfully request that twenty cavalrymen from that post be detailed for that duty, subject to my orders. I would suggest that this details be counted of the Fort Craig force as one detached service without being taken up in the strength of this distict.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SALT LAKE, March 12, 1863-9 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Brigham hoisted signal flag this afternoon; 1,500 amred amen assembled; subsenguently dismissed Mormon guards; partols on duty nightly.

P. E. CONNOR,

Colonel Third California Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 12, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTNAT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The Sierra Nevada has just arrived, and I am disappointed not to hear from you. I have to call your attantion to several communications to which I respectfully desire a response. I will being in the

