
the ground a good many Indians, lookers on, besides the Nez Perces. The route thence to Boise would be through the country of Egale of the Light over a pack trail. Eventually a wagon road may be found there. If I should not take this course, it will be because of the desire to get mounted troops to Boise before that date. If the upper Snake River proves to be navigable (which is very doubtful) infantry troops may go to water to a point perhaps 100 miles from Fort Boise. This is extermely doubtful, and they may have to march from Wallula.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanidng District.

WASHINGTON, March 14, 1863.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT:

General Shields has been ordered to report to you, but the Secretary of War says you will not assign him to duty. He has resigned.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTRS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, March 14, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Within the last then days affairs in Utah have assumed a thereating aspect. My latest dispatch from Colonel Connor, dated on the 12the, s ays that Brigham Young hoisted a signal flag that day and assembled 1,500 armed men. They were subsequently dismissed, but Mormon guards partol the city nightly. Colonel Connor is impressed with the belief that they ae courting an attack by his forces; that they do not wish to take the initiative, but will do all in their power to provoke a combat. I have telegraphed to Connor to be prudent and cautious. He has a commanding position, with ample supplies. As soon as the roads are passable I will throw forward the residue of Connor's regiment and such other troops as can be spared. I have directed Colonel Connor to telegraph direct to you anything very important. We are raising the additional regiment of infantry and the seven companies of cavalry, but the recruiting is slow; the greatest embarrassement is the want of funds. We cannot possible get along on this coast without specie; with Treasury notes flunctuating in value, frequently at a discount of 50 per cent., it is imppossible to make contracts, and when purchases are made we pay nearly double price.

Arrangements are being to throw forward troops and supplies inn the early spring for the establishment of a post at Fort Boise, on Snake River, under the immediate supervision and orders of Brigadier-General Alvord, commanding the District of Oregon. I am also making preparations to establish a psot at the Klamath Lakes in Oregon. With the exception of Indian distrubances in the District of Humboldt and on Owen's River, Camp Independence, the country is quiet. I am advancing the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, under Colonel Bowie, into the Territory of Arizona, and the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers will occupy the southern portion of California, including Fort Yuma. General Carleton asked for re-enfrocements, and I deem

