
it important to secure both Arizona and Mesilla from being again overrung by the rebel hordes that a respectable force should occupy those district, and antorher object I have in view is to keep an eye on the neighboring States of the Mexican Republic, where most of the disaffected from this State go. The Legislature of this State is still in session at Sacramento. A bill is now pending, which will doubtess become a law, appropriating $600,000 to place the State on a war footing. On the 18the instant I shall review and enspect Major Thompson's battalion of four companies of cavalry. They will sail for New Youk on the steamer of the 21st.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 14, 1863.

BOWLAND CHAMBERS, J. H. CALDWELL, J. FIELD, ISSAC KING, and other ingabitants of King's Valley, Benton County, Oreg.:

GENTLEMEN: Your petiotion to the Governor of Oregon in reference to the abandonment of Fort Hoskins has been referred to me. In reply I have to say that to say that it has been decided not to abandon it, but twenty or thirty will be left there. In the meantime if the public-spirited and patritic citizens of your county and those adjuining will fill up the volunteer company now being raised by Leieu. H. C. Small at Eugene City, I can safely promise you that so far as I am concerned it shall be stationed at Fort Hoskins. Oregon has not raised her share of troops. California has sent nine regiments, and Oregon but seven companies, into the field. California has her volunteers in New Mexico, Utah, and Washington Territories, as well as in Oregon guarding your Willamette Valley. I know that the masses of your peopleare gallant and patritic, and will freely ofter their services when there is a necessity. Troops are now needed to serve on your own soil and on your own frontier. A post should be established at Fort Boise and an expedition made against the Snake Indians, all requiring more troops.

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 5. Mesilla, March 14, 1863.

I. The headquarters of this district, with the offices of the chiefs of the several staff department, will be located at Hart's Mill, Tex., until further orders.

II. The district depot, Lieutenant R. S. Barrett, First Infantry California Volunteers, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence, is ordered to remove to Las Cruse, N. Mex. Company D, First Infantry California Volunteers, will take post at Las Cruses. Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers, will assume command of the post.

III. Mesilla is ordered to be abandoned as a station for troops. Company C, First Infantry California Volunteers, will be transferred to

