
Franklin, Tex., and Lieutenant Colonel William McMullen, First Infantry California Volunteers, will assume command of that post.

IV. Surg. O. M. Bryan, U. S. Volunteers, will relieve Asst. Surg. William H. McKee, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, as attending surgeon at Franklin, Tex. The latter officer will the report to the commanding officer of Las Cruces for duty.

V. Lieutenant Colonel David Fergusson, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will assume command of Tucson, Ariz. Ter.

VI. Semi-monthly communication between Tucson and these headquarters by vedettes will be established on April 15 next, and be continued thereafter on the 1st and 15th of every month from each and of the line. Company F, First Cavalry California Volunteers, is detailed for this duty. Not less than ten men, inclusive of a non-commisioned officer, will be stationed at each of the following points: Las Cruces, Miembres River, Fort Bowie, San Pedro Crossing, and Tucson. The station at Membres River will be kept supplied with rations and grain forage by the commanding officer of Las Cruses; those at Fort Bowie and San Pedro Crossing by the commanding officer of Tucson. The express will be carried by all the men on duty at each station, exchange between one man, who will be left in charge. The express will exchange between Fort Bowie and Miembres River, and those vedettes will then turn back to their proper stations. As those stations will constantly be exposed to attack by Indians, great care must be observed to prevent surprise and loss of animals,

By order of Brigadier-General West:

J. F. BENNETT,

Second Lieutenant, First Infly. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN FRANCISCO, March 15, 1863.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Sacramento, Cal. L

Privateer seized this morning. Burke says evidence in conclusive. On representations of Bruke, Farwell, and Ranking order published to arrest A. P. Crittenden.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUSCON, ARIZ. TER., March 15, 1863.

Lieutenant J. F. BENNETT,

First Infly. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Headquarters District of Arizona, Mesilla, Ariz. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the commanding general that I have this day arrived here with men and animals in excellent condition. I handed Colonel Coult the communication from the commanding general placing him in arrest, and finding Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry Califonia Volunteers, the next officer present, had been in command since February 18, made no change except to direct that Lieutenant James H. Toole, acting assistant quartermaster, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, be retained as acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence at Tucson for the present, he having been relieved on the 1st instant by

