
Major Drew is in command of Camp Baker, near Jacksonville, State of Oregon, and is the officer whom I desing to establish and command the new post at or in the vicinity of the Klamath Lakes. The difficulties and embarrassments enumerated in the major's communication are common to all the troops in this department, and I most respectfully ask the serious consideration of the General-in-Chief and War Department to this subject. Most of the troops would prefer waiting for their pay to receiving notes worth but little more than have private means, are completted to receive the notes. Knowing the difficulty experienced by the Government in procuring coin to pay the Army I feel great reluctance in submitting any grievances from this remote department, but justice to the officers and soldiers demands that a fair statement should be made to the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obediet servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPATMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 16, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER ALCATRAZ ISLANDD,

Habor of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander desires you to examine separately the persons taken on board the schooner Chapman, taking their statements in writing. Either Dr. McLane or Mr. Farwell, or both, should be present to assist in the examination, as both gentlemen are familiar with all the circumstances of arrest. The persons arrested will be considered in the light of military prisoners. Messrs. Farwell and McLane will be the only persons other than your officers permitted to see the prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Forth Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 16, 1863.

Major A. W. BOWMAN,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

MAJOR: The general commanding the district having revoked Special orders, Numbers 14, of the 7the instant, herewith inclosed, directs me to request you to return to this office immediately the instrucions recently sent you as proposed commanding officer at Fort Lapwai. * He desires to give them to Major Rinearson. The general directes that you take quarters on the hill, so as to be near enough to the troops to exercise command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS; HDQRS. DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 17. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 16, 1863.

I. Special Orders, Numbers 14. of the 7th instant, form these headquarters, are hereby revoked, and Major A. W. Bowman, Ninth Infantry,

---------------

* See Mears to Bowman, March 9, p. 344.

---------------

