
will assume command at Fort Vancouver. General Orders, Numbers 15, of the 20th of October, 1862, are hereby revived and placed again in full effect.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 17, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of February 4 in relation to depreciation of legal-tender notes has been submitted to the General-in-Chief. The following are his remarks thereon:

I do not perceive the propriety of this request (that payments be made in coin). The relative value of Tresury notes here and in California is the same as formerly. Gold is at a premium here and notes at a discount there. The value of the same article here and there, measured by the same standard, is the same reatively as it was formerly.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISSTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 17, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have to report for the information of the general commanding the department certain assignments of officers to command, which I propose and which I hope will meet with his approval: First. To command at Fort Boise, Lieutenant Colonel T. C. English, First Washington Territory Infantry. I would prefer to leave him in command on Puget Sond, an iportant locality. I would be pleased to send Bvt. Major P. Lugenbeel, Ninth Infantry, to command at Fort Boise, as he has hd in the construction of Fort Colville and eslewhere much experience, and is admirably qualified for the duty. But he is entitled to promotion, and the order is looked for in a few weeks which would take him away. Three companies of First Washington Territory Infantry will be permanently at Fort Boise (the cavalry probably to winter at Fort Walla Walla for the next winter); thus it would be a proper command for Lieutenant-Colonel English. This officer is now engaged in an inspection of the posts in this district under your orders, dated 22nd of December. By my Special Orders, Numbers 8, of the 14th of February, you have perceived that I authorized him on account of the inclemency of the weather to defer his journey to Fort Colville. I recommend, in consequence of the duties incedent to preparation for the expedition to Fort Boise, that he may be relieved from inspecting at that post. Second. I propose to give Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, commanding First Oregon Cavalry, the command of the expedition against the Snake Indians, refered to in my letter of the 10th ultimo. Third. Learning that First Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, Ninth Infantry, has probably received

