
the appointment of assistant quartermaster, I propose to send him to Fort Boise in that capacity. If his present clerk, Mr. M. W. Holley, is commissioned (as I expect he will soon be) in the First Oregon Cavalry, I shall propose to make him discharge the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence at Forth Walla Walla, relieving Lieutenant Hughes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Distric.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 23. Fort Humboldt, March 18, 1863.

Captain E. B. Gibbs, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will withdraw the detachment at Daley's Ferry, except nine men, who will be kept posted there under a reliable non-commissioned officer.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

CHAS. H. BARTH.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WAR DEPARTMENT,Washington, March 19, 1863 - 1:35 p. m.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Sacramento, Cal.:

Prepare to re-enforce Colonel Connor as early as possible. The Secretary of War authorizes you to raise additional troops for that purpose in California or Nevada.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 19, 1863.

Captain THOMAS O. SELFRIDGE,

Commandant U. S. Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

SIR: Facts have come to light int he investigation of the character adn designs of the officers and crew of the schooner Chapman which render it more than probable that one or more vessel of like character and object have sailed for certain points with a view of preying upon our commerce on this coast. I have this eventin had an interview with the mayor of this city, the collector of the port, and some of the leading business gentlemen, and the unanimous opinion is that a request should be made to you to dispatch the steamer Saginaw, to certain points where it is supposed a rendezvous may have been established for privateers or rebel vesels. I most earnestly beg of you, if it is possible, to grant this request. The steamer should sail at the earliest movement practicable. The tript require from twenty to twenty-five days, and the agent of the steamship company will give orders for supplying the Saginaw with coal at any of their depots. Should you decide to send out the Saginaw I would respectfully suggest that you confer with the mayor and collector.

Hoping that you may deem it compatible with your orders and instruction as commandant of the navy-yard to dispatch the Saginaw as requested,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

