
or more additional mounted companies will go to Forth Lapwai before the council is held.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District

SACRAMENTO, CAL., March 20, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following is a copy of a resolution adopted in the Senat of California, March 19, 1863:

Resolved, That the Governor he requested to telegraph to the War Department immediately to ascertain whether the General Government will furnish to the authorities of this State, for its use, five complete bronze field batteries, to consist each of two rifled 12-pounders, two smooth-bore 6-pounders, and two 12-pounder howitzers, together with a number of small-arms, accouterments, and equipments for infantry and cavalry, not exceeding the value of twenty-nine thousand muskets with accoutermets, adn also amount of ammunition as may be deemed necesary, or any less amount of the artillery and arms named above.

An early erply is requested, upon which legislative action may be based.

LELAND STANFORD,

Governor of California.

GLEVELAND, OHIO, March 20, 1863.

Colonel STAGER, or

T. T. ECKERT:

A collision at Salt Lake seems almost sure, which, we think, from the knowledge we have and the best information we can get, has been brought on by misrepresantion as to the loyality of the Mormons. Could the Government be induced to suspend proceedings until testimony can be produced to whow the facts? If desired one or both of us will come to Washington and explain personally such facts as we have been able to gather from our acquaintance with the people of that country for the last two yars, all of which you are familiar with and can explain.

J. H. VADE.

E. CREIGHTON.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, Cal., March 21, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Military Commandant Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I will afford me much pleasure to comply with the request made in your communication of the 19th instant in regard to the Saginaw, and I am now pushing the necessary work on her to completion as rapidly Francisco on Tuesday of Wednesday next, and on the following day be prepared to proceed on her cruise. It is my intention to go down on the Saqinaw to confer with yourself and the civil authorities in relation to her destination.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O SELFRIDGE,

Commandant,

