HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel E. A. RIGG,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Battalion en route to the Rio Grande:

COLONEL: According to instructions from the general commanding the Column from California, I send by two wagons, to go with your command, to-day 3,000 pounds of flour and 1,500 pounds of panocha for the people of Pinos Altos. I have also ordered 1,500 pounds of pemmican, according to General Carleton's instructions, to be turned over by Lieutenant Phelan, acting commissary of subsistence of Colonel West's command, to go with the flour and panocha. It will be necessary to send forward an escort to Pinos Altos with the provisions. Will you see that Lieutenant Phelan turns over the pemmican and that the provisions arrive safely at their destination. The following are General Carleton's orders in the case:

TUCSON, July 22, 1862.

Major FERGUSSON,

First Cav. Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist. of Western Arizona, Tucson, Ariz. Ter.:

MAJOR: Send to Pinos Altos, for the relief of the people herein described as famishing at that point for want of food, the following subsistence stores: 3,000 pounds of Sonora flour, 1,500 pounds of pemmican, and 1,500 pounds panocha (Mexican sugar).

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

In case the people have left Pinos Altos, the subsistence will go on with the command. William Marks is the name of the person who applied for relief for the people at Pinos Altos.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

OGILBY'S,

Twenty-one Miles East of Placerville, July 23, 1862-8. 30 p. m.

Major R. C. DRUM:

Am encamped here to-night and progressing finely.

P. EWD. CONNOR.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 42. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 23, 1862.

I. Pursuant to instructions from the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific, dated the 11th of July, First Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, Ninth Infantry, is relieved fromduty as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters and will repair to Fort Walla Walla, where he will perform the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and commissary at that post.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

WM. B. HUGHES,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

