
PORT ANGELES, WASH. TER., March 23, 1863.

Captain R. S. WILLIAMSON:

SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of the 21st instant, and in respense therefore would say that the collector of this district is always desirous, and I might say ambitious, to serve our struggling country in all possible ways, and especially in economizing in the expenses therefor; at the same time if affords him pleasure to extend ceurtesies to officers serving the country in the departments. In his absence and acting in his stead, I am glad to carry out his purpose, at once wise and partiotic. The revenue cutter Shubrick has extensive and active duties to perform in connection with the revenue service of this district, but is detailed very cheerfully to perform others service when and to the extent it is deemed practicable. From the tenor of your letter requesting the assistance of the Shubrick to convey you and the party under your command to Fort Bellingham, I judge the saving to the Government would amount to some $400, and you be personally accommodated by being so transported by the Shubrick. I have therefore determined to direct the Shubrick to call for you at Victoria of Wednesday next and proceed with you to San Juan and Fort Bellingham, and call for you on such day next week as you may desire and convey you to Victoria, provided you give Lieutenant Selden assurrance that he shall not be detained at the points named.

Yours, truly,

P. D. MOORE,

Deputy Collector.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., March 23, 1863.

Lieutenant J. F. BENNETT,

First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Headquarters District of Arizona, Mesilla, Ariz. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclosure a hasty list of distances of the route hence to Messilla. The probability of water being very scrce this season on the route induses me to believe that it would be a prudent and almost indispensable measure to have a company of infantry or cavalry stationed at Burro Canon, where there is abundance of wood, water, grass, game, and Apaches. It would cost nothing for shelter for the temporary post. The troops could either be put under canvas or they could make shelter for themselves of brush. The principal duty of the troops would be to escort and guard water-tanks for troops marching from this place to Mesilla. I would therefore respectfully urge that two or three water-tanks be sent with a company of troops to Burro Canon to meet troops as above stated en route between Soldier's Farewell and Apache Pass, where it is almost certain there will be no water in the course of a month. Evern at Leitendorf's Wells it is doubtful if any will be found. The troops could be made very userful to search for water between the San Simon and Cow Springs, to dig wells where the herbage gives indication of water, or to dig tanks to hold sufficient rain water at convenient points on the route. I am led to believe lumber can be procured at Bruno Canon, and should water be discovered quideposts should be put up to indicate to troops and travelers its situation. Indeed, independent of any necessity for troops at Burro Canon, on accunt of reason mentioned above, I think they could do more there to harass and destroy hostile Indians than almost any other place, for I am informed that neighborhood is always infested with Apaches.

