
our commerce created the greatest excitement in this city, and although the seizure of the vessels and encarceration of all pesons found on board has had the most happly effect, yet finding that a lingering aprehension still existed in the public mind that other vessels of like character might be hovering on this coast, it was deemed highly important that steps should be taken to ascertain whether or not a rendezvous had been appointed. After a confederate with the collector of the port, the mayor of the city, and several of the leading business gentlemen, it was the unanimous opinion that if it were possible a steam vessel should be dispatched without delay to look into the ports of Southern California, and examine the Island of Guadaloupe, places suspected of being rendezvous. According I addressed a communiaction to Captain Thomas O. Selfridge, commandant ovy-yard at Mare Island, earnestly requesting him to dispatch the U. S. steamer Saginaw to the points above indicated. The Saginaw has just completed her repairs, and was to take the place of the Cyane in the harbor of San Francisci. Captain Selfridge respended promptly to my request, and the Saginaw will leave immediantely on her cruise. I have asked that the Cyane remain in the hanbor until the return of the Saginaw.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Comanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 24, 1863.

Colonel P. E. CONNOR,

Third Infantry California Volunteers, Salt Lake City:

McGarry will return your command, taking good news.

R. C. DRUM,

Asstistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 26, 1863.

Major HENRY HANCOCK,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding designs sending two companies of the Fourth Infantry, now at Camp Drum, to reoccupy Fort Mojave, on the Colorade River. You will direct the depot quartermaster to prepare for this movement, and particularly to have a sufficient amount of subsistence on hand to supply those troops from the New San Pedro depot until the supplies sent by water reach their destination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

