SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 20. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 25, 1863.

* * * * * * * *

III. First Lieutenant James Garden and twenty men from Company D, Foruth Infantry California Voluteers, will repain to and take post at Fort Hoskins, Oreg., and relieve Company D (Captain Seidenstriker's), First Washington Territory Volunteers.

IV. A detachment of twenty men from Company D, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed via Fort Hoskins to and take post at the block-house on the Siletz Reservation, and relieve the detachment from Company D, First Washington Territory Volunteers. When relieved the latter will return to Fort Hoskins.

* * * * * * * *

VI. Company D (Captain Seidenstriker's), First Washington Territory Volunteers, with the exception of Second Lieutenant Louis Herzer, who will remain in command at the block-house on the Siletz Reservation, when relieved will repair by water via Corallis to Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.

VII. The above movements will be executed with as little delay as possible. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,First Lieutenant Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., March 26, 1863.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th instant, inclosing a copy of one addressed to this office on the 10th of February, has been received. The department commander approves your views regarding the establishment of a post at Boise, expressed in your letter of the 10the ultimo, and desires me to say that the entire plan of campaign for the coming summer is left discertionary with you, but in accomplishing the purposes in view you must rely entirely on the troops now quartered in your district and such additional companies of Oregon cavalry as may be raised under the recent authorization. The strength of the garrison to be left at Boise will depend upon the number of companies you can spare from other posts in the district. Should you desire it, the general will authorize the detail of Major Lugenbeel to direct the building of the post at Boise. In reply to the third question contained in your letter of March 12, the general desires me to say that non-commissioned officers or privates of the Regular Army received commisions from the Governsors of States can be discharged by without referring the question to these headquarters. There is no power in the military commander to promote or appoint; that resides solely with the Governours, consequently the Governor of Washington Territory will fill by promotion or appointment, as he may think proper, all vacancies occurring in the Washington Territory volunteers. As Colonel Cornelius was mustered into service prior to the enlitment of a single man for the Oregon cavalry, the general sees no objection to the acceptance of

