
a colonel when the regiment has been increased to seven or eight companies. It is the general's desire that you should possess full powers to do everything needful for the service in the District of Oregon, and if from the hurry of the movement this power is not made clear in his dispatches, you are now informed that you possess it to the fullest extent for the purpose mentioned. The establishment of Boise must be made this summer. Other expedition and the posting of troops at other points is left entirely with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, Cal., March 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Having received information from a reliable source that a military organization was forming, or had been formed, in Napa County by persons inimical to the Government, the purpose of which it to attack this yard and destroy the pulbic property, it has been made necessary for meto contermand the order to the Saginaw to go down the coast, and to direct her to return to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. SELFRIDGE,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 27, 1863.

Captain JULIAN McALLISTER,

Ordnance Department, Commanding Benicia Arsenal, Benicia, Cal.:

SIR: The department commadner desires you to observe quietly everything transpiring in and around the works of the Pacifc Mais Steampship Company at Benicia, requiesting the officers in charge of these works to communicate freely with you. These instructions are given in consequence of the rumors in circulation that an attempt will be made to seize the guns in and at the above-named works. Mr. Forbes, of this city, has directed the guns and ammunition to best sent here for storage, yet it is possible that an attempt may be made to seixe one of the steamers or other property, and the general desires you to be prepa4ed for any emergenc, and if you think it necessary will send a company of the Ninth Infantry to re-enforce you. Mr. Neville, the sheriff, may be able to give you some reliable information on the subject of this letter. Should the occasion require it, you will communicate frequently by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL OREDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 82. San Francisco, Cal., March 27, 1863.

* * * * * * *

2. As soon after the arrival of the detachment of Company I. Second Cavalry California Volunteers, at Camp Babbitt as practicable,

