
SAN FRANCISCO, March 28, 1863.

Major McGARRY,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Napa, Cal.:

Report at this office as soon as possible.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 28, 1863.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cavalry California Vols., Fort Churchill, New. Ter.:

Throw Brown's company forward to Ruby Valley, with instructions to act with May's force in quelling Indian disturbances. When quiet is restored Brown will remain at Ruby Valley until furnther orders.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 28, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I hereby inclose to yor a requesition for four 24-pounders, &amp;c., which I have respectfully to request that the general commanding will please direct to be forwarded from Benicia Arsenal. In view of the utterly defenseless character of this post ad the arsenal, I make this recommendation, as itmay be desirable to establish below this post some batter. You are aware that through you office I have made repeated and earnest application for heavy ordnance, &c., for the mouth of this river. On the 16th of July last you returned to me a similar requisition with the dicision that it could not be complied with. I trust that this time it will not be returned in like manner. You then remarked that articles asked for "in the event of foreign agtression would be totally inadequate to the defense of this coast". As you haveperceived by my repeated calls upon the Ordnance Department at Washington that I have never taken may such inadequate views, I hope that this time these articles, which are on hand at Benecia, may be frowarded. Because we can do little it is not always wise to do nothing, and I would neglect no proper precaution in view of any event, either of internal or of external origin, which might occur.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 29, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: I have this day received your letter of February 20,* inclosing Colonel P. E. Connor's report of his severe battle and splendid

---------------

* See Part I, p. 184.

---------------

