
victory on Bear River, Utah Ter. After a forced march of 140 miles in mid-winter, and through deep snows, in which seventy-six of his men were disabled by frozen feet, he and his gallant band of only 200 attacked 300 Indian warriors in their stronghold, and after a hard-fought battle of four hours destroyed the entire band, leaving 224 dead upon the field. Our loss in the battle was 14 killed and 49 wounded. Colonel Connor and the brave Third California Infantry deserve the highest praise for their gallant and heroic conduct.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAMP DOUGLAS, March 29, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

I received the following dispatch to-day:

I congratulate you and your command on their herois and brilliant victory on Bear River. You are this day appointed a brigadier-general.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

P. EDW. CONNOR.

HEADQURATERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, March 30, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the consideration of the General-in-Chief and War Department, a communication dated on the 15the instant and addressed to my headquarters by Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding at Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., together with the remarks of Brigham Young on the 3rd of March, and the replies of Governor Harding and Judges Drake and Qaite to the Mormon committee who waited upon those gentlemen and presented the resolutions passed by the mass meeting held on the 3rd instant requesting them to resign and leave the Territory. The astrounding developments exhibited in the documents demand serious consideration and promt, aciton to enforce obedience to our laws and to sustain and support the officers of the General Government in the proper discharge of their duties. Although the excitement at Great Salt Lake City, brought about by the treasonable acts of Brigham Young and his adherents, has somewhat subsided, yet I am fully satisfied that they only wait for a favorable oppurtunity to strike a blow against the Union. When Colonel Connor approached Salt Lake City he submitted to the question as to the location of his camp. Brigham Young was exceedingly anxious that the troops should reoccupy Camp Crittended or some point remote from the city, but after mature consideration I came to the conclusion that the site of the present camp was the most eligible for the accomplishment of the objects in view. It is a commanding position, looking down on the city, and hence has been dreaded by the Mormon chief. The good order and strict discipline enforced by Colonel Connor have left the peope of the city without any cause of complaint on account of the proximity of the troops, but they have doubtless great apprehensions that their odious

24 R R-VOL L, PT II

