
FORT BAKER, CAL., July 24, 1862.

First Lieutenant JOHN HANNA, JR.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil. Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of the scout sent out from this post on the 15th instant. The detachment under the command of Sergeant Jones, Company A, Third Infantry California Volunteers, marched to Fort Seward, Eel River, by the way of Larrabee Valley. From Fort Seward took an easterly direction about ten miles, and there surprised and captured 2 squaws and 1 child, July 19. The squaws were liberated and directed to find their friends and bring them into camp, where they would be well treated. The camp was then moved about three miles to the northward. The command remained at this point two days, the Indians coming in and delivering themselves up to the number of 112 36 bucks, 50 squaws, 26 children.) There could have been more Indians obtained could the command have waited longer, but the provisions giving out they were compelled to return to the fort, arriving here at 10 o'clock a. m. I am crippled in my movements for want of mules.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. KETCHAM,

Captain, Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 24, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: This communication I shall forward to you through the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific, and its object is to urge the importance of reviving the Department of Oregon, as established in General Orders, Numbers 10, from the Adjutant-General's Office, dated 13th of September, 1858. I would respectfully represent that every reason which could then be urged for the measure still exists, with the additional consideration that during the existence of the civil war there must necessarily be constant apprehension that at any moment we may be plunged into a foreigh war. In that case this region is the most exposed and vulnerable, as it is the most remote of all our Territories. Fortunately the large emigration now pouring into it across the plains and from California is adding to its population good material for armies in case of trouble. But the occupation of new gold fields in the earnestly portion of Washington Territory will only increase the chances of Indian difficulties. I only repeat an argument often urged by those in command in their dispatches to the War Department from this quarter, that the length of time required for communication between this point and San Francisco is too great for the proper regulation there of military affairs in this quarter. I understand that during the last year of the existence of the two distinct Departments of Oregon and California authority existed for the senior commander to concentrate troops upon any emergency. I can see no obstacle to the existence of such a regulation, leaving otherwise the two departments in their full independence, and ready to perform the most efficient service. This provision was only a substitute for a still better arrangement, such as existed in 1850, when there was a major-general commanding the Pacific Division, embracing the two departments then called Department Numbers 10 (California), and Numbers 11 (Oregon). The general orders of

