
instructions, so repugnant to citized society, may receive a check by the presence of a large body of loyal men sworn to maintain the laws and authority of the United States.

Colonel Connor has strong position and is in no immediate danger, and I shall throw forward re-enforcements as soon as they cn be procured. As they advance forward Salt Lake the command will be increased by the addition of troops as can be spared from the posts east of the Sierra Nevada. By late telegraphic dispatches I am advised of attacks on two or three of the overland mail station by Indians beyond Ruby Valley. Detachments of cavalry from Salt Lake and Fort Churchill have been ordered along the line to punish the offenders and protect the mail. The cavalry company from Fort Churchill will then unite with other troops en route for Salt Lake. Captain Selfridge, commandant of the navy-yard at Mare Island, having received information that an organization existed in Solano County, complosed of rebel sympathizers, with the purpose of seizing the yard and destroying the public property, recalled the U. S. steamer Saginaw, then lying in the harbor of San Francisco and on the eve of departure on a cruise south, as I reported some days since. A feverish anwiety exist in the public mind that organizations inimical to the Government are prepared and will stike when an opportuninty offers a fair prospect of successs. I shall take care that no such opportunity is presented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., March 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to communicate for the information of the general commanding the following facts in relation to the extraordinary proceedings of the people of the Territory during the lat twelve days. On Tuesday, the 3rd instant, an excited meeting was held in the Mormon tabernacle in Salt Lake City, at which resoultions were passed asking His Excellency Governor Harding, and Associate Justices Drake and Waite, to resign and leave the Territory. The reason they give for this action is that gentlemen caused a bill to be presented before Congress which they say in animical to their interest; but I have reason to believe that such is not their real cause of grievance, and that because those gentlemen do not choose to become the tools and creatures of Brigham Young, and follow in the footstens of ex-Governor Cumming, the present Chief Justice Kinney, and the present Secretary of State, Frank Fuller, is the real cause of this action againsta them. The latter officers, Messrs. Kinney and Fuller, disgrace their commisions and the Government the represent, and I ungesitatingly assers that while the former, Chief Justice Kinney, holds his office no conviction can be had before his court against a Marmon unless Brigham Young would sanction such conviction. This appears strong language, but the assertions are susceptible of proof and manifest to every resident and loyal citizen of the Territory. On Tuesday, the 3d, and between the hours of 10 p. m. and 3 a . m. of the 4the instant Brigham caused to be removed from the Territorial arsenal to his residence all the ordnance and ordnance stores, and placed a large body of armed

