
or confiscated by the Mormon courts upon a charge manufactured for the occasion. I have applications daily from people of the Mormon fait who desire to leave the Territory, and who say they cannot do so without protection form me, as they fear they would be arrested, their property taken form them on some trumped-up charge, and probably their lives taken. They have ample grounds for their fears, for such has been the fate of many a poor wretch who dared to apostatize and heave the Mormon Church. Yesterday morning Brigham Young started to the northern settlements, with a guard of 150 mounted men. Previous to startiong they were drawn up in front of his residence, and as the Governor's son, who is also his private secretary, was passing, some of them shouted "three cheers for Ex-Governor Harding [Cumming?], and long life to Jeff. Davis. " Companies are drilled daily and exercised in target practice. I had contemplated and have all preparation made for another expedition against the Indians, this being the best and most favorable season for that service, for the reason that in the summer the Indians scatter so in the mountains that it is impossible to make a successful campaign against them. But in consequence of the hostile attitude of the Mormouns I will be compelled to foregeo such duty for the season.

Such is a plain and brief statement of the facts as they exist here, and unless re-enforced, as I have requested in a former communication, I would respectfully recomed that my command be withdrawn from the Territory and the Mormons be left to further preparation of their infamous conduct until such time as the Government can spare the number of troops required to forever put a stop to their outrageous, unnatural, and treasonable institutions. My command is in no immediate danger, but if the present preparations of the Mormons should continue I will be compelled for the preservation of my command to strike at the heads of the church, whit I can do with safete, for they being once in my power their followers will not dare touch me; but if I remain in my present position (although a strong one) for them to attack me, I am lost, as they have about 5,000 men capable of bearing arms cannot of heavier caliber than mine. In any event the general commanding can rest assured that I will do nothing rashly or hatily, and my intercourse with them will be, as herefore, courteous and firm. I herewith inclose the replies of His Excellency Governor Harding and Judges Waite and Drake to the Mormon committee who waited on them the day after the meeting of the 3rd instant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Remarks of Brigham Young, March 3, 1863, not published in Deseret News of March 4, 1863.

Of the Governor he said:

"Let him go back to his (Governor Harding's) friends if he has any. He has none, either in heaven or hell anywhere else. This man, who is sent here to govern the Territory-man, did I say? Thing, I mean; a nigger worshiper. A balck-hearted abolitionist is what he is and what he represents-and these two things I do utterly despise. He wants to have the telegraph torn down and the mail stopped and turned by the way of Panama," and to the people he said., "Do you acknowledge this man Harding as your Governor?" (Voices: No; you are our Governor. ") "Yes," said he (Brigham), "I am your Governor. Will you allow such a man to remain in the Territory?" (Voices: "No, put him out. ") "Yes," replied Brigham, "put him

