
out. Harding and Drake and Waite must leave the Territory. If they will not resign, and if the President will not remove them, the people must attend to it. I will let him (Harding) know who is Governor. I am Governor. If he attempts to interfere with my affairs, woe! woe! unto him. "

Of the judges he said:

Judges Drake and Waite are perfect fools and tools for the Governor. If they could get the power, as they want to do, to have the marshal choose juries of coutthroats, balckegs, soldiers, and desperadoes of California, and if we are to be tried by such men, what would become of us?

Reply of His Excellency Governor Garding to the Mornon committee who waited upon him, presented the resolutions passed by the mass meeting held on the 3rd instant, and requested him to resign and leave the Territory.

Having stated the object of this visit, the Governor replied to them in substance as follows:

Gentlemen, I believe that I understant this matter perfectly. You may go back and tell your constituents that I will not resign my office of Governor, and that I will not leave his Territory until it shall please the President to send me away. I came here a messenger of peace and good will to your people, but I confess that my opinions about many things have changed. But I came also, sirs, to discharge my duties honestly and faithfully to my Government, and I will do it the last. It is in your power to do me personal violence, to shed my blood, but this will not deter me from my purpose. If the President can be made to believe that I have acted wrongfully, that I have been unfaithful to the trust that he has confided to me, he will doubtless remove men. Then I shall be glad to return to my family and home in the States, and will do so carrying with me no unjust resentments toward your or anybody else, but I will not be driven away. I will not cowardly desert my post. I may be in danger by staying, but my mind is fixed. I desire to have no trouble. I am anwious to live and again meet my family, but if necessary an administrtrator can settle my affairs. Let me now say to you, sirs, in conclusion, and as this is said to be a band of prophets, I, too, will prophesy if cone drop of my bood is shed by your ministers of vengeace while I am in the discharge of my duty, it will be avenged, and not one stone or adobe in your city will remain upon another. Your allegations in this paper are false, without the shadow of truth. You condemn my message as an insult to you, and yet you dare not publish it for fear that your judgment will not be sustained by the people themselves. Tha I hav in representing you to the Government as disloyal is simply preposterous. Your people, public teachers, and bishops have time and time again admitted the fact. I am now done, sirs, and you understand me.

Reply of His Honor Judge Drake on the same occasion. He said:

The communications you have made are of some inportance. As they are intended to affect me, I desire to say something before you go. It is no small thing to request a citizen to leave a county. Are you aware of th magnitude of the business you have undertaken? I deny that you have any cause of such conduct toward me. I am an Americam citizen; have a right to go to any part of the Repulbic. I have a right to petition or ask this Government to amend the laws or to pass laws. You. Taylor and Pratt, are men of exeprience, and reputed to be men of learning, and ought to know better that to insult a man by such menas; that it is mean and contemptible. That on your part, Taylor, a foregner, it is impudence enequaled; and Pratt, a citizen, ought to known better than to trample on the righst of a citizen by performing such a dirty enterprise.

Judge Drake continued:

Your resolutions are false, and the man that drafted them knew it to be so; and I further understand that Brigham Young, in the meeting at the Tabernacle, called me a foot and the tool of the Governor.

Here Taylor admitted that Young did say so.

The judge then said:

Go back to Brigham Young, your master, that embodiment of sin and shame and disgust, and tell him that I neither fear him, nor love him, nor hate him, but that I utterly despise; tell him, whose toolds and stricksters you are, that I did not come

