
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 31, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: Your letter to the Adjutant-General, dated February 23, in regard to supplying arms and equipments to loyal companies organizing in California, &amp;c., is received. I regret to say that at the present time the demands for arms and military equipments are so great that the Government can barely supply the troops actually mustered into the service of the United States. In regard to the defenses of the harbor of San Francisco the same difficutlies exit so far as heavy ordnance is concernce. Notwithstanding the urgent representations of the War Department, Congress, session after session, has failed to authorize a nationl foundry, and nearly all private foundries capable of casting large guns are employed in arming naval vessels, so that it is hardly possible to get any guns cast for fortifications. The War Department, however, will do all in its power to increase the armament of the forts An iron-clad vessel is already on this way to assist in the defense of that coast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Call, March 31, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: For some time past I have been throwing forward the balance of the Fourthe Infantry California Volunteers from Benicia to the southern section of this State. This movement has been made in the order to relieve the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, under orders to advance into Arizona. Rumors that a reblel force was organizing in Texas for the purpose of again entering Arizona induced General Carleton, commanding in New Mexico, to ask me for this additional force, and I at once saw the propriety of strengthening that line, not only to repel any attempt of the rebels on Arizona, but to watch events in the adjuing States of Mexico, where many of the disaffected from this coast have gone. The Fourth Infantry, under Colonel Forman, will occupy all the stations in the Southern District, including Fort Yuma. I have establisthed Colonel Black, with the headquarters of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, at Benicia. The companies of that regiment are all being reaised, but progresseing slowly, not for any want of patriotic devotion to our cause, but an unwillingness to volunteer for service here, unless an emergency should arise, when they would rush to our standard. The cavalry force authorized to be raised in this State will be prepared for service as soon as possible. The General-in-Chief has already approved my plan of sending the additional companeis to complete the First Cavalry California Volunteers by the southern route to New Mexico, but when ready to move it may possibly be deemed expedient to move them to New Mexico, via Great Salt Lake City. The Governor has gbeen advised by the War Department that a large number of small-arms and five field batteries have been ordered to this coast. Isit the design of the Government to place any of the arms at the disposal of the Governor of the State? I think it would

