
be well to arm a few companies of local militia in certain districts, but I would not recommend that a very large number of these arms be distributed to such companies, not doubting the loyalty of the officers and men, but we known that the arms ae more liable to become damaged and unfit for service than if left in our own store-houses. I should be glad to organize at least two light artillery batteries at once. I have a cavalry company (Second California Volunteers) of excellent material, both officers and men, and with horses very wel suited for a battery. I can convert this company into light artillery without any expense. Brigadier-General Alvord is getting everything in readiness to establish the new post of Fort Boise, on Snake River. The general is also, in connection with the establishment of this post, organizing an expedition to go beyond Boise, and meet the emigrants as they approach during the sommer. Major Drew, of the First Cavalry, is at Jacksonxville with one company. I have authorized him to raise another company there, and with two establish a post at or near the Klamath Lakes.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 31, 1863.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Sacramento, Cal.:

Reliable information places the number of Indians at Owen's Lake at 1,100. The people have no arms. The Governor might send militia company from Aurora. Brown's company of cavalry at Fort Churchill coudl reach the lake in time, and McLaughlin from Visalia could join Ropes' force at once. A good offcier should be selected to command. Affairs on overland route quiet.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 85. San Francisco, Cal., March 31, 1863.

* * * * * * *

2. The Third Infantry Battalion, at Camp Union, Cal., will under the command of Lieutenant Colonel R. Pollock, take up its line of march for Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., as soon after the 5th proximo as possible, taking the field piece and caisson now at Camp Union. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportaion for the movement above directed, as well as animals for hauling the field piece and caisson.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 31, 1863.

Major McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

If Captain Brown's company has not started of Ruby Valley retain it until further orders.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

