
SAN FRANCISCO, March 31, 1863.

Major McDERMIT,

Forth Churchill:

If Captain Brown's company is at Churchill send it with all dispatch to Owen's Lake, via Aurora.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHIHUAHUA, March 31, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT MESILLA:

DEAR SIR: From reliable persons who have come in from Presidio del Norte I learn that Skilman has arrived in the vicinity of that place with a company of rangers, and they report more troops behind under the command of an officer named Woods. These last were at Comanche Spring or Station. They have appointed a custom-house officer who now colects duties on the salt which the Mexicans bring over from the Pecos. They are represented to be a very rough and fight-loving crowd, used to hardships and ready to endure them. A letter from Texas in great numbers. A violent persecution has begun against them and they are pouring into Mexico for safety. All the forths on the line will be soo occupied by the Texans. A company has arrived and are now camped ten leagues form here. They bring wagons and newspapers in which it is stated that they will soon invade Arizona and New Mexico. " You will see, therefore, that th consul's report from Monterey, heretofore sent you by me, is fully and practiclly confirmed. The train of Dolores, Soliz, and others, which left some days back for San Antonio, has evidently fallen into the handsof these men. Indeed I have strong suspecions that this flour was destined to meet these troops on the road. Soliz, Zambruel, Hernandez, and others interested in that train are intimately acquainted with Hart, with Merritt, one of the quartermasters in San Antonio, and with other men in Texas of influence. Through their means this supply may have been contracted for and obtained. But be this as it may, you may count that these troops are well supplied with meat, frour, and salt. From all reports I think the troops now arriving at Frot Davis and along the frontier amount to some 400 or 500. They announce the themselves as the advance guard of the army which is coming to invade New Mexico. Holding as they now do the road to Chihuahua they can supply themseslves with flour, wheat, corn, beans, soap, blankets, horses, mules, shoes, and in fact nearly everything that they or a much larger force may need. To the present state of affairs on this frontier and the prbable future, it would be well to turn a gave attention. Matters begin to look serious. No expedition has been fited out from New Orleans against Texas, and Magruder will have an opportunity to send up troops where food can be had in more plenty, and a name made for himself in history. I send you Texas papers but they are not very late. As for the French they are before Puot yet attacked that place. Our news from Mexico is up to March 13. I have not yet received any letter from you and hardly konow what to do in case I should deem it prudent to send you special express. It is important for me to know what to do, and how to do it, under pressing importante. I hope to hear from you in a few days.

Yours, respectfully,

BEUBEN W. CREEL.

