HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 1, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander directs that you will with the greatest possible dispatch send Captain McLaughlin's company to Owen's Lake to operate against the Indians depredating in that quarter. The captain, being the senior offcer, will assume command of all troops, whether volunteer or militia, in that and the adjacent valleys. Should you have any surplus rifled arms the captain will take no to exceed thirty, with a fair proportion of ammunition. Captain Brown's company from Churchill has been directed to repair to Owen's Lake and co-operate with the forces there and to be sent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 2, 1863.

His Excellency LELAND STANFORD,

Government of the State of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

GOVERNOR: I have this morning received a communication from Captain Selfridge, commandant of the navy-yared at Mare Island, dated 31st ultimo. The captain is fully satisfied that a military organization is forming at Napa for the purpose of making war against the United States. Captain Selfridge has already withdrawn the steamer Saginaw from the harbor of San Francisco to Mare Island and says that unless this organization is broken up he will be obliged to withdraw the Cyane for the defense of the yard. It is submitted to Your Excellency the propriety of calling together the organized militia company of Napa and Solano Counties to quell this threatened insurrection. I have no troops to send there at this time. I have been re-enforcing Benicia and the arsenal. Those places must be held secure. Major McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, is at Napa. He is well adquainted with that country and I shall take pleasure in placing him at the disposal of Your Excellency if his services may be required in organizing the militia.

Your respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 87. San Francisco, Cal., April 2, 1863.

1. Special Orders, Numbers 84, assigning Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, to the command of troops at and in the vicinity to Camp Ruby, is revoked. Major McGarry will await further orders in this city.

2. Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to Sacramento, Cal., and report in person to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding department.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

