HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., Arpi. 2. 1863.

His Excellency O. CLEMENS,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, New.:

SIR: I have been authorized by the War Department to raise volunteers companies in Nevada Territory for the purpose of moving east on the Overland Mais Route in the direction of Great Salt Lake City. If it is possible to raise three or four companies in the Territory for this service, I have to request Your Excellency may be plased to have them organized. I should be glad to get two companies of cavalry and two of infantry; the mounted troops to furnish their own horses and equipments. Arms, ammunition, &amp;c., will be furnished by the United States. Should Your Excellency consider it probable that this volunteers force can be raised, even one company will be accepted. I will send you a plan of organization and offcer with the necessary instructions for mustering them into the service.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., April 2, 1863.

Lieutenant W. L. USTICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah:

LIEUTENANT: On my arrival here I found that there was a large band of Indians encamped at the station who had been there a preriod of some two months. I was informed by Captain May that they were at feud with the Indians who are now infesting the road; that they claimed protection and professed friendship, and so far as my information exteds have done nothing to militate against their profession. I have telegraphed to-day to the general commanding the district in relation to sending me an interpreter, whom, under the present state of affairs, I cannot well do without. They only one here who can talk with them is a man by the name of Hawes, whose character is such that I cannot place any dependence on him. I find, by traveling over the line, that a great deal of unnecessary excitement is caused by the drivers themselves, who imagine danger when there is none. I have disposed of every man whom can possibly be spared form this post in such a manner along the road that I apprehend no further trouble, and shall continue to use every means in my power to keep the road open and safe. I sent instructions to Lieutenant Quinn to stop two or three in the vicinity of Deep Creek and Spring Valley (as I learned there that there was a band of Indians at Pleasant Valley, distant about twenty-five or thirty miles from the late place) and reconnoiter the have information from a very good source that ammuniton has been sold to Indians along the road this winter past. As soon as I feel able to investigate the matter througly I will report. I have heard nothing yet from Captain Smith, and probably will not until he arrives, as I have no means of communication in that direction. Since I commenced writhing this have received a dispatch from Mr. Cook, dated "Middle Gate, April 2, 5 p. m.," which states that everything west is quiet Captain May left to-day for California, having turned over all company property to Lieutenant Allen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER,

Major Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

