
13th of September, 1858, establishing the boundaries of the old Department of Oregon, very properly left the valleys of Rogue River and Umpqua in the Department of California, those valleys being supplied from San Francisco, and more intimately connected with it by mail and commerce.

I am, very respectfully, yor obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 9. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 24, 1862.

I. First Lieutenant W. B. Hughes, Ninth Infantry, having, pursuant to instructions from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, been ordered to Fort Walla Walla to perform the duties of acting assistant quartermaster and commissary at that post, First Lieutenant Frederick Mears, Ninth Infantry, is directed to perform the duties of acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

II. All communications for this office will hereafter be addressed to the acting assistant adjutant-general, headquarters District of Oregon.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 44. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 24, 1862.

Major J. F. Curtis, Second Infantry California Volunteers, with Companies B, C, and D, of that regiment, will, pursuant to instructions from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated the 12th ultimo, proceed to Fort Humboldt, Cal. The assistant quartermaster of this post will furnish the necessary transportation in the first steam-ship which can go into the harbor of Humboldt. If carried by through stress of weather they will be landed at Alcatraz Island.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., July 25, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My latest advices from General Carleton's command are dated on the 6th instant. He was still at Tucson, Ariz., preparing to move east on Mesilla and the Rio Grande. The graet drought in that country had caused and uncommon scarcity of water, but as the rainy season was commencing when the general wrote, he hoped to get off by the middle of July. The weather in Arizona is very hot, and the passage of our wagons over the hot sands of the deserts has caused them to shrink and require constant repairing. Thus far the movement of the Column from California has been successful in every particular. We have lost nomen or public property. Our troops are in fine health and

