
deem necessary to accomplisth the objects which I have verbally communicated to you. Report by letter frequently to Colonel Drum, sending copies addressed to me at this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., April 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. N. OLNEY,

Second Inftr. California Vols., Commanding at Fort Gaston, Cal.:

COLONEL: You will please obtain from the Indians who may desire to treat some definite proposition and report in without delay to these headquarters. As the Redwoods are supposed not to have any tribe or organization or responsible chiefs, it will be highly important to obtain the quarantee of the Hoopas to any treaty that may be made with them. You will therefore cause it to be understrood as a since qua non that a certain number

of Hoopa chiefs must be included among the hostages to be given by the Indian. It will be most desirable on any account that the Rendwous should all come into the valley as well for their own protecion as for that of the whiles. They cannot probably all be brought in, but if any considerable number of them should be, there will then be at your post or in its neighborhood hostages sufficient to secure the safety of the whites and their property from Klamath River to the Van Dusen.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Comdg Humboldt Mil. Dist.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 74. Camp Drum, Los Angeles Coutry, April 4, 1863.

1. The undersigned having received official notification that Major Hancock, Fourth Infantry, has leave of absence, assumes command of Capm Drum.

2. Lieutenant J. W. Scobey, Fourth Infantry California Colunteers, is announced as the adjutant of the post.

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., April 4, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: Several communications from residents of San Juan Island, and a mumber of vewspaper paragraphs, all refelcting on the conduct of Captain Bissell, Ninth Infantry, commanding the U. S. forces on that island, have been received by the department commander. From the character of Captain Bissell the general is satisfied that he is not a person to assume an authority not belonging to him as the representative of the Governmet. The general desires, if in your judgment it is necessary, that you would go to Olympia and San Juan Island and arrange any misunderstating that may exist between the

