
captain and settlers, and see that the status fixed by General Scott is maintained. One of the difficulties has been the exercise by certain parties of judicial function over the whole island. While the general has no objection on the American citizens having civil officers within the limits occupied by them, yet he will not consent to their exercise of any jurisdiction expect on the end of the island in our possession.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 6, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: During the last fall and winter I caused a careful reconnaissance to be made of the land route from Tuscon, Ariz. through the Mexican State of Sonora to Libertad and other points on the Gulf of California, with the views of ascertaining the practicability of transporting supplies for the troops in Arizona over a line shorter and less expensive than now used by the way of Fort Yuma. The result of the eximintion of this route through Sonora is highly satisfactory, and if we are permitted to take our supplies for Arizona that way a great saving of time and expense will be made. Heretofore our supplies have been shipped to the mouth of the Colorado River, there transferred to a steamer for Fort Yuma; thence by wagons to Tucson. The distance from Yuma to Tucson is nearly as great as it is from Libertad to Tuscon. I inclose herewith the report of Major David Fergusson, First Cavalry, California Volunteers (now colonel of that regiment), of his personal examination of the route through Sonora in October and November last,* and also the report of Mr. P. R. Brady of his trip over the same line in February of this year. # The valuable information contained in these reports will doubtless be interesting to the General-in-Chief and the War Department, and in connection with the transportation of army supplies and the resources of the country, of great value to the Quartermaster-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE, NAVY-YARD,

Mare Island, Cal., April 6, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Military Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 3rd instant, and am pleased to know that you and His Excellency the Governor are taking measures to learn the character and extend of the organization of the enemies of the Government in this State, and that prompt action will be taken if anything iportant is discovered. I shall not remove the Cyane from San Fancisco unless

---------------

* For duplicate of this report transmitted by Carleton to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, under date of February 1, 1863, see Series III.

---------------

# See p. 354.

