
compelled to do so for the defense of the yard, which, with the magazine, is now very much exposed. I have only 100 marines, the Saginaw, and a few residents for the protection of the whole island. Two companies of volunteers, numbering in all nearly 200, composed of employes, are organized and are now driling, but these could not be of immediate use in case a sudden attack was made in the night. I have no regularly enlited men here but the marines and no officers but the executive officer and myself, hence you will readily imagine the moral and physical support to be derived from the presnce of the Cyane. I would beg leave to repeat my suggestion of placing a few guns on Yerba Buena Island and on Rincon Point, under that fire or which no vessel could possibly be disposed to remain should she have happened to pass Alcatraz. The collector of the port in the absence of the revenue cutter could hire a steamer for harbor police. Will you be pleased to allow Lieutenant Elliot, of the Engineers, to come to the island to indicate the most important point at which to place batteries? His knowledge on this subject would be of great assistance. I beg you will give me early information of the designs of th enemy so soon as they come to your knowledge. Yesterday one of our master workmen went to Napa. All was quiet there, from which it was inferred that the operations of the enemy have been checked for the present, though this silence is by no means an evidence of the abandonment of their design. The same person informed me that quite a number of large wagons, not such as are used in this section, had been seen going north of Napa. It was supposed that these were transport wagons for the necessionist. I merelly mention this circumstance as information which may lead to further disclosures, as they all probably made in the large towns or cities.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. SELFRIDGE,

Commandant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTFIC, Numbers 89. San Francisco, Cal., April 6, 1863

* * * * * * *

2. Captain Joseph Stewart, Third Artillery, is assigned to duty as these headquarters as acting judge-advocate of the department.

* * * * * * *

10. Companies B and I, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to and reoccupy Fort Mojave, on the Colorado River, Captain Fitch. Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, assuming command of the post. The qartermaster's and subsistence department will have the necessary supplies furnished both for the movement and at Fort Mojave, without delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., April 6. 1863.

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,

4th Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist. of Southern California, Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: The force designated in orders to garrison Fort Mojave will commence their march as soon after the receipt of this communication

