HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 7, 1863.

Colonel HENRY M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Benicia Barracks, Benicia, Cal.:

SIR: Two companies of Lippitt's regiment have been ordered to proceed to Benicia Barracsk. It is thought that this with the force already there will be sufficient to protect the public property in depot and hold that point, so important as a military one. Should it, in your judgment, be necessary to increase your present force before the arrival of the troops from Humboldt, a company of infantry will be temporarily attached. Your views on this subject are desires at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 8, 1863.

Captain THOMAS O. SELFRIDGE,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have received your communication of the 6th instant. I have just written to Colonel De Russy, chief enginner, asking him tho send Lieutenant Elliot to Mare Island to assist you in selecting suitable points for baterries. The Engineer Department will also examine Yerba Buena Island and Rincon Point with the viewof establishing batteries. I shall take great pleasure, captain, in keeping your advised of anything of importance which may come to my konwledge.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant W. L. USTICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that Lieutenant Quinn, with his detachment, arrived this noon, having seen no Indians on his route, although he left the road in several places and scoured the country for a distatnce of twenty to thirty miles. As soon as his horses are rested I shall send him in another direction. I am very much in need of a balcksmith, as there is none at the post, and some ten or twelve of the cavalry horses need shoeing very badly, and it is impossible to procure one in tehis vicinity. Inclosed I send a copy of Special orders, Numbers 87, Departmnet of the Pacific, received this day. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER, M

Major Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

---------------

* See April 2, p. 387.

---------------

25 R R-VOL L, PT II

