
Infantry, will acompany the command. Captain C. Hopkins, assistant quartermaster at Fort Vancouver, will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 9. 1863.

Brigadier-General WEST,

Commanding the District of Arizona, Hart's Mill, Tex.:

GENERAL: Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, is indended as the company to be stationed at Las Cruces. There are reasons connected with the harmony of the garrison why I wished and wish that company there under Major Willis in room of Company G, Captain Greene. The decision that Mr. Hayden must choose one side of the line or the other and stay on that side was final, made by the Mexican charge d'affaires complaying that citizens of Mexico had been impressed into the military service of the United States in New Mexico. You will be careful that no violation of the internaional righst of Mexican citizens occur in your district. As no soldiers of any nationality have been inpressed into the military service of the United States within this department, that part of the complaint relating to Nex Mexico falls to the ground of its own unospported weight. I also inclose herewith a copy of the orders from the headquarters Department of the Pacific in relation to the movement of the remaining companies and the headquarters Fifth Infantry California Volunteers into this department via Tucson. * Until further orders the number of troops to be stationed in Arizona Territory-that is to say, at Fort Bowie, Tuscon, Tubac, or Calabazas, &amp;c. -will be three companies of the Fifth Infaantry California Volunteers and three companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers. The three companies of the Fifth are to be three of those now crossing from the Department of the Pacific. Those now serving in Western Arizona will be ordered forward, togenther with the headquarters of the regiment at Fort Craig, N. Mex., there to await further orders. One company of infantry at Fort Bowie, with a small detachment of cavalry for express purposes; one company of cavalry and one of infantry, for the present, at Tuscon, and one company of infantry and two of cavalry at a new post to be established at Tubac or Calabazas will be, in my judgment, the force and distribution of troops in Western Arizona. You will make all your arrangements accordingly, so far as that part of your district is concerned. You will have to exert osme forecast to see that none of the troops thus entering your district, to pass through or be stationed in it, have any essential wants against which you have not made timely and suitable provisions.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARTETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 325.

---------------

