
TERRITORY OF NEVADA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson City, April 9, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 2nd instant is received. I think it probable from one to four companeis can be raised in this Territory fro the service you mention, and if possible so to do, it will affordme pleasure to have them organized. If consistent with your arrangements I think the raisng of mounted troops in this Territory would be attended with more success if the Government would furnish the horses and equipments, as well as arms, ammunition, &amp;c., as horses of a suitable quality here seem to be scarce, and the prevailing prices, I am told, are at least double those of California. Persons having the means of buying horses and equipments are likely to find the inducement for investing our mines so much greater as to prevent them from volunteering in the military service. My impression is if this difficulty were obviated mounted troops would be more easily raised than infantry, and my own convictions are that the former would prove more effective for the particular service they are designed than the latter. I think there is no doubt that one or two companeis of infantry at least can be raised, and if horses and equipments are furnished, as hereinbefore suggested, it may be the entire four companies, and should you send me, as you propose, "a plan of organization, and an officer with the necessary instructions of mustering them into the service," I will cheerfully render all the aid in my power. I observe from the public prints that enemies of the Government are apparently plotting to brig on civil war in California, and I have heard a suspicion expressed of similar designs in this Territory, and as entire security is not by every one left in the lasting peacefulness our Indian neighbors, I should be pleased to have your advice as to the propriety nd extent of measures of preparation, and as to what my reliance should be placed upon in case of any military emergency.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORION CLEMENS,

Acting Governor of Nevada Territory.
HEADQUARTERS SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,Olympia, Wash. Ter., April 9, 1863.

General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding, Fort Vancouver:

SIR: I have just received information through Mr. Simms, one of the members of the Territorial council, just from Walla Walla, that a company of men calling themselves Regulators has been organized at or near the Boise miles to fight the Indians. I suppose there is no doubt of its truth. I therefore respectfully call your attention to the matter if you have not already been advised of the facts in the case, as I fear they may molest friendly Indians as well as hostile. Can anything be done to hasten the forwarding of the troops destined for that reqion? I do not doubt that your will do all that is in your power to meet the emergency.

Respcetfully, yours,

C. H. HALE,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Washington Territory.

