
spirits and well supplied. The rebels have been driven out of the country, and the general assures me that Arizona is as well ordered and quiet as any part of California. Brigadier-General Carleton's column, as well as the troops at Fort Yuma, have been principally supplied via the Gulf of California, and thence up the Colorado River to Yuma, but with Carleton's column of 1,500 men in Arizona and eastward, his supplies can be sent from this city to Tucson for one-half what it now costs us, provided we can send them through the Mexican State of Sonora. I have conferred with Mr. Robinson and other influential and leading men who have been long residents at Guaymas, and I am assured that there will be no difficulty in this matter, and that our army supplies could be landed either at Guaymas or at Lobos, a preferable point, about midway between Guaymas and the mouth of the Colorado, from which there is a good wagon road direct to Tucson, with an abundance of wood, water, and grass at convenient distances. The distance from Lobos to Tucson is much less than from Yuma to Tucson. Under these circumstances it is clearly the interest of the Government to send the supplies that way; but inasmuch as it might be improper for me to do so without being advised that an arrangement to that effect had been made between our Government and that of the Mexican Republic, I deem it proper to submit the subject to the consideration of the War Department. Should the Department decide that I can send the supplies through Sonora I shall be glad to be advised by telegraph, as additional stores must be sent forward within a few weeks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 25, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Colonel Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, with his regiment, has passed the Sierra and is probably now in the vicinity of Carson City, Nev. Ter. Colonel Sims, with headquarters and two companies Second Cavalry California Volunteers, left this city on the 21st instant, and are now advancing on the Overland Mail Route and will join Colonel Connor beyond the mountans. This force, with the addition of one company of cavalry from Fort Churchill, will move forward and establish a post at Ruby Valley and another in the vicinity of Salt Lake, the latter to be the headquarters of Colonel Connor. Supplies for a year are being thrown forward for all the troops on the mail route, including Fort Churchill. In the District of Oregon all is quiet. The headquarters of the First Washington Territory Volunteers, Colonel Steinberger commanding, have been established at Fort Walla Walla. The Oregon cavalry company at Walla Walla were ordered to move on the 15th of July, on the emigrant road, to meet the approaching emigration and afford them protection through the Indian country. In the District of Humboldt Indian difficulties still continue. The troops have been zealous and indefatigable in their exertions, and more than 400 Indians have been captured and brought into Fort Humboldt and await the action of the superintendent of

