
were intrusted on repairing to Tuscon. Full copies have been forwarded to the department commander for his consideration and acion. Unitl further orders no troops reaching your post from California will be forwarded beyond it, except one company of infantry of your selection, which you will send to relieve Captain Harrover's company (E), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, at Fort Bowie. Be good enough to do this at as early a day as possible. The transportation must be provided from your post, as we are short here now; it will be returned. As the companies of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers are advanced to the Rio Grande, each one will take its tour of duty at Fort Bowie. Should Colonel Bowie arrive at Tucson, you will communicate to him my istructions to remain there for orders. As you have been placed in command of that post by the special direction of the department commander, you will not relinquish it until his wishes are communicated to you. The difficulties you apprehend about more troops and their supplies have been considered. In the event of the troops coming (though this I do not anticipate), and there being need of more transportation, use that which brings them forward to draw supplies from the abundant stores at Fort Yuma. The establishment of the semi-monthly express from Tucson must of necessity be delayed until the 1st proximo, when I shall rely upon your co-operation.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTATH,Camp Douglas, April 13, 1863. (Received 3 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Unless speedily re-enforced with cavalry the overland mail will be broken up and the emigrant route will be impassable. The Indians, urged on by the Mormous, are congregating for that purpose. Five of my men had a fight with 100 Indians yesterday in a Mormon town, and not a Mormon would help them. I lost 12 mules, 5 of which, with 3 Indians, were killed by a shot from a howitzer my men had with them. The men were in advance of an expedition under Colonel Evans.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 14, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. c.:

GENERAL: The apprehensions of a distrurbance of the peace it this State by persons sympathizing with the rebelion, which created much alarm in the public mind, have in a great measure subsided. I have lately made a thorough inspection of the forts and defences of the harbor of this city, and find that the arrangements to meet any emergency as far as practicable are perfect. I have also placed such a force at Benicia Barracks as will safely guard that post and the arsenal against any attempts to seize them. Captanin Selfridge still retains the U. S. steamer Saginaw at the navy-yard, and says to me that it is possible he may deem it necessary to withdraw the U. S. ship Cyane to the

