
same point. The Cyane is the only U. S. vessel now in the harbor of San Francisco. I deem it of the greatest importance that ships of war (iron-clads, if possible) should be sent to this harbor at the earliest moment practicable.

It is not beyond the range of possibility that an emeny's vessel might pass the forths in the night or in a fog without serious injury from our batteries; and should such be the case, the vessel could take a position beyond the reach of the guns of Alcatraz Island, masked by the projecting point of Telegraph Hill, and thus command the city. In view of guarding against such an occurrence, I have requested Lieutenant-Colonel De Rusy, the chief engineer on this station, to make a reconnaissance in order to establish batteries on Yerba Buena Island and also on Rincon Point. The recruiting for the new regiments and battalins is progressing. We have been greatly embarrassed for want of funds, but the State Legislature has just made an appropriation to assist in raising these troops, giving about $1,000 to each company.

This will be of the greatest service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., April 14, 1863.

(Received 15the.)

Adjutant-General THOMAS:

When the arms arrive from the East can I let Governor Stanford have some of them for organized militia companies?

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 14, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith the report of Colonel P. E. Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, of his inspection of the troops, buildings, and property at Camp Douglas, near Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 14, 1863.

Honorable H. F. TESCHMANCHER,

Mayor of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: The general commanding the department has directed the chief of ordnance to forward to the quartermaster for the use of the city police eighty stand of arms, with the necessary equipments, and a small amount of ammunition. As this issue is irregular, it is necessary that the city should become respensible for the safe-keeping of

---------------

* See February 26, p. 325.

---------------

