
consequence, being almost dry. There is good grass the entire distance. There is at present a Papago rancheria at Coyote Springs of about 250 Indians, having about 150 horses, which are all that can be watered at the spring. Fresnall is a quiet, industrions population. I desired to see the local judge, Andres Granillo, to instruct their people in his presence that his authority must be obeyed, but he was gone to Cababi for several days. My animals and time would not permit me to go there nor wait for his return. Padres and Halstead were also absent. Major Cummings also accompanied me to arrest any offender we could find, and to look for parties for whom requisition have been made by the Governor of Sonora, but we could find none, nor any that had been ordered arrested by General West on previous occasions.

We took no military escort, three citizens having accompanied us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., April 14, 1863.

Lieutenant J. F. BENNETT,

First Infantry California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Headquarters District of Arizona, Hart's Mill, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the arms sent some time last winter for Indians from Fort Craig and Mesilla are still on hand at this post, and no arms have been received from any other source for issue to Indians. I understand there is an invoice of rifles at Fort Yuma, which were asked for by General Carleton last year. I am not officially conqnizant of those arms being at Fort Youma, however. I have sent round to the chiefs of the Pimas and Maricopas that I would issue them arms and ammunition if they would make a campaign against the Apaches. The sub-Indian agent, a. Lyon, esq., is going in a few days to Pima Villages. I advised him of my radiness to issue the arms and it is my intention to send an officer with him to distribute arms as a loan, to make a campaign, to those Indians; they to turn them in on their return, except that every one who brings a scalp (Apache) shall be presented with a gun and ammunition. When the arms said to be at Fort Yuma arrive I shall issue them also. I advised Mr. Lyon that I am ready to loan arms to the Papagos of San Xavier and other places on the same terms. It is an unfavorable time for campaigns, as the Pimas and Papagos are required to remain at home until their corps are harvested. Those Indians can be made very serviceable as auxiliaries if we had only troops enough here to make effective campaigns against Apaches; but to be effective they must be followed untiringly, uncesingly, for months is necessary. One company of infantry and one company of cavalry are required for this service, and no other in this vicinity. It will be noticed on the consolidated morning report of this date that there is a large amount of ammunition on hand here, an invoice having arrived here yesterday from Benicia Arsenal on a requisition made last fall by Major Coult.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S. -In a private communication, General Carleton requested me to furnish the most of the above information, which is done through district headquarters.

