
marching for this district. Special Orders, Numbers 51 (Department of the Pacific), February 26, 1863, directed that the headquarters of the Fifth Infantry proceed to Tucson by the first opportunity. It appears no favorable opportunity has yet occurred for that event to take plae. Company I will be here about the 22nd or 23rd instant, if they make even a slow march. I judge it prudent to forward Captain Tidball's company as soon as Captain Wellman's train arrives and is ready to proceed. At present there is not transportaion without breakong up trains. Captain Tidball would be the most fit officer of those recent arrivals to command at Fort Bowie, as I judge the present commanding officer has given decived evidence of this inability to command himself, to say nothing of troops, and I think it would be advisable to have anothrer company at that post also. From the increased command the vedette stations could have details of infantry to guard property when the cavalry are absent carrying the mail. Unless orders are received to the contrary, I shall send a detail of Captain Tidball's or Captain Tuttle's men to escort the train to Fort West, as none can be spared from the regular garrison here. I have caused two mail bags to be made, but can find no padlocks in this place for men. I would be gald if the commanding general would duplicate keys, for the vedette to forward four small padlocks, with duplicate keys, for the vedette service east and west of this. I beg to call attention to the note on the consolidated morning report of this post of this date.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel Fisrt Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, April 14, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will please find a commission for Dr. Horace Carpenter. If he passed the proper examination, please give it to him; if not, please return it to me. I have not doubt but that he passed thet out of abundant caution send it in this way. I shall not return to Portland under a week.

Two persons of energy and means here wish to raise a company, after Captain Noble's is filled, to be stationed at Fort Hoskins. I have referred them to what you said in your letter to me in relation to the stationing of a company at that post. I think they will be able to raise a company if the men can be sent to Fort Hoskins as fast as enlisted. I merely wish to call your attention to the subject now, and will see you again before Captain Noble's company is filled. I do not think another company can be filled in time to join the expedition to Boise. Lieutenant Hand, of Jacksonville, writes me that his prospects are more flattering, and that he thinsk he will raise a company.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. GIBBS.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 34. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 14, 1863.

* * * * * * *

III. Company B, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, will march without unnecessary delay from Fort Walla Walla to Fort Lapwai and will remain encampled at the post until further orders.

