
IV. Captain T. S. Harris' company (A), First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, will march from Fort Dalles to Fort Walla Walla, leaving the former post on the 20th instant, or as soon therefter as practicable.

* * * * * * *

VI. On the arrival of Company A at Fort Walla, Walla, Colonel R. F. Maury, in command of Companies A, D, and E, of the First Oregon Cavalry, will march to Fort Lapwai, and will remain encamped at that post until further orders.

VII. Companies A and D, of that regiment, will eventually form part of the garrison at Fort Boise, but it is expected that all the cavalry will return to Fort Walla Walla before winter.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 14, 1863.

The general commanding the district desires to inform the troops of his command that he also the general commanding the department have several months since made the most urgent representations to the Government as to the justice and propriety of the troops on this coast being paid in gold. These repeaterd representations have gone both to the War and to the Treasury Department. This statement is made by the undersigned, as the troops are entitled to know that sympathy and interest have been exhibited by those in command. If they shall not be paid in great part in gold, it will not be for the want of the most strenuous exertions on my part. On the eve of takong the field again for the defence of the frontier, for the protection of the emigraiton, and for the punishment of the murderous Snakes, the undersigned cannot refrain from expressing his night apprecation of their services last summer and his admiration of the patient endurence, the soldier-like, fortitude, adn perseverance they have exhibited in the performance of such patriotic services. It is but just to remember also that the troops are deprived of the stimulus which sustains our brave comrades at the East, who are engaged in a life-and-death struggle for the preservation of the Government and of our national righs and liberties. This circular will be read on parade to the troops at each post

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding the District.

WASHINGTON, April 15, 1863-3:15 p. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT:

The Secretary of War authorizes you to raise additional regiments in California and Nevada to re-enforce General Connor and protect the overland route. Cannot companies be raised in Nevada and pushed forward immediately? General Connor may be able to raise some companies in Utah or out of emigrant trains.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

