SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 97. San Francisco, Cal., April 15, 1863.

Company K, Ninth Infantry, will proceed to and take post at Alcatraz Island. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 2. Camp Drum, Cal., April 15, 1863.

First Lieutenant William Forry, adjutant Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, is hereby appointed acting assistant adjutant-general of the Distrit of Southern California, and will without delay relieve Captain William G. Morris, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, temporarily assigned to the duties therefor.

F. FORMAN,Colonel Foruth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 15, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your communication of the 26th ultimo stating that the department commander desires you to say that "the entire plan of campaign for the coming summer is left discretionary with you, but in accomplisheing the purposes in view you must rely entirely on the troops now quartered in your district and such addtional companies of Oregon cavalry as may be raised under the recenst authorization. " I must be allowed again to lament that the general commanding has reached this latter conclusion, and trust that he will yet revise it. I have used every stimulus in my power by appeals, published letters, &amp;c., and the first company has yet but fifty-seven men enlisted. The mining excitements and the depreciation of legal-tender notes are the great drawbacks. I do not see how I can accomplish the objects sought with less that I proposed, with contemplated leaving but one company at this post. This may not now be wise in view of the necesity thoroughly to guard the arsenal here. (General Ripley in his correspondence now calls it an arsenal, not a depot.) The fortunate exposure in your vicinity of the plots of those traitors who would distrub the peace has evinced your vigilanc, but it has also convinced me that I must this summer look well to the rear while pushing the troops upon the frontier. If on 10th of February I asked for some California volunteers in view of what was then known, I have now still stornger reason for making the same request. If Illinois, Indiana, or Califronia should be troubled with intenstine war, Oregon, will doubtless be afflicted in like manner. Therefore I have concluded to request your permission to make a call, if any emergency should arise, upon the Governor of Oregon to raise troops for a special service and limited period in a mode similar to that

