
of troops for the accomplishment of the purpose of the military establishment two months since committed to my charge. Full and free communication and intercourse has been had with all the commanding officers of posts and officers of Indian Department west of the Cascade Mountains, and reports exhibit an excellent condition of the troops and careful attention to the public interests, as well as the very peaceable and effective control of the Indian tribes in the district. Especial and careful attention has been given to the section of country east of the mountains and its military requirements. The attraction of recently discovered and reported rich gold fields has induced a large emigration among tribes of Indians formidable in numbers, and heretofore of limited intercourse with the whites. The character of this emigration, the absence of civil authority and power and entire freedom from restraint in a remote country, makes it peculiarly the office of our troops to propitiate and preserve peace. For this purpose, and imrpessed with the conviction that our policy was to prevent outbreak and aggression on either side rather than subdue hostilities when once provoked, I have endeavored to obtain from reliable and authentic sources all the information possible bearing upon this subject. The necessity for the protection of the emigration from the Atlantic States along the Fort Hall road, referred to in your communication, has already been fully recognized, and the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla has been some time in active preparation for the movement of two companies toward Fort Hall an the establishment of a camp with one company near the Nez Perce Indian Agency. From Fort Colville, soon to be garrisoned by two companies of the First Washington Territory Infantry, reports represent quiet and friendly relations with the Indian tribes and an admirable condition of the post. At Fort Dalles the same excellent condition prl requests have been made for a detachment of troops at the Warm Springs Reservation, but as yet no positive and well-founded necessity is shown. Arrangements have, however, been made promptly to provide for such contingency. In the allotment and movements of the troops and direction of affairs in this district an earnest, and it is hoped properly directed, effort has been made to insure the fulfillment of the wishes and instructions of the commanding general; and in being relieved from its command I have no stronger desire than to have the approval of the officer under whose orders I have had the honor to serve.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 3, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER.:

SIR: In pursuance of directions from the commanding general of the department to employ a portion of your regiment for the protection of the overland emigration, you will immediately make the necessary preparations for the march of two companies thereof toward Fort Hall. It is expected that this force will be in the field not less than two months, and your arrangements for transportation and subsistence will be made accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

