HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 15, 1863.

Captain LYMAN BISSELL,

Ninth Infty., U. S. Army, Commanding, San Juan Island, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: Brigadier-General Wright, commanding the Department of the Pacific, desires me to obtain all the information in my power as to the state of affairs on the island of San Juan. I have therefore to request that you will please make to me a report in full on the same. Please state what in substance are the complaints of the American settlers, whether those complaints still continue, and what steps you have taken in the premises, and what recommendation you have to make as to the future.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,San Pedro, April 16, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I assumed command of this district on the 10th instant in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 83, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal., March 28, 1863.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Colonel Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 16, 1863.

His Excellency O. CLEMENS,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 9th instant. The Indian disturbances along the line of the Overland Mail Route east of Carson City threaten the entire suspension of our mail facilities, as well as preventing any portion of the vast immigration approaching from the east reaching Nevada. The interest and prosperity of your Territory depend much upon maintaining free and safe access to it from all directions. My force immediately available for operation on that lien is small. A company of cavalry stationed at Fort Churchill and under orders to move toward Ruby Valley, I was compelled to divert for temporary service to assist in quelling an Indian outbreak in the Owen's Lake district; as soon as the services of this company can be dispensed with there, it will operate on the mail and emigrant line.

Some infantry companies will also be thrown forward from this side of the mountains as soon as transportation can be prepared and the roads are in order. In the meantime it is of such importance to keep the mail and emigrant route east of you open that I would earnestly recommend that one or two companies of cavalry be promptly organized

26 R R - VOL L, PT II

