
and prepared for muster into the service of the United States. It is impossible at this moment for us to purchase horses and equipments; each man would have to furnish his own. I can furnish arms, ammunition, forage, clothing, provisions, &amp;c., in fact, everything except horses and equipments. The organization of a company or troop of cavalry is: One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 quartermaster sergeant, 1 commissary sergeant, 5 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 teamsters, 2 farriers of blacksmiths, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, 78 privates. This is the first appeal that has been made to Nevada Territory, a Territory soon to add another star to that glorious galaxy which adorns our beautiful banner, and I doubt not this call will be nobly responded to by the loyal and patriotic citizens of the Territory.

With great respect, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CAMP PICKETT,

San Juan Island, Wash. Ter., April 16, 1863. .

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Wright's letter of instruction of March 9, with the resolutions purporting to come from the citizens of San Juan Island. With reference to the meeting and the object of the call I have no knowledge except what I have learned from citizens that were present. they state that they were informed by Mr. Higgins and others that the meeting was for the purpose of regulating their land claims until the question of title to the island should be settled by the two Governments; but when they arrived at the place of meeting and the meeting called to order and a chariman apponted, the chairman had not taken his seat before he announced a committee on resolutions, and as soon as their names were made known to the meeting Mr. Higgins stepped promptly forward, took the resolutions from his pocket, and handed them tot the secretary. As soon as the resolutions were read they saw that the meeting was for an entirely different object from what they had supposed it to be, and a large majority of the citizens withdrew, declining to have anything to do with the meeting. The meeting was in session about ten or fifteen minutes.

I recognize the names of three individuals on the above committee, and for the information of the general commanding I would very respectfully state the position that they occupy on the island. Mr. Higgins is postmaster, but lives by dealing out his poisonous liquor to my men, thereby destroying them for usefulness. Mr. offutt, the secretary of the meeting, at one time kept a low whisky ranch in the town and dealt out his vile stuff to soldiers and Indians, but being detected in selling liquor to the Indians last fall he left the island, and was not a resident of the island at the time of the meeting; neither has he been since. Mr. Hibbard has a lime-kiln on the island and keeps liquor for sale, but he claims that he only seells it to his men, but his men sell it to Indians and to the soldiers of the British camp. Last fall he tried to create a disturbance between the officers of the two camps by writing a dicatorial letter to Captain Bazelgette, because Captain Bazalgette ordered two of his men out of his camp that went there for the purpose of selling liquor to his men. I would further state for the information of the general that when I assumed command of this camp in February, 1862, I

