SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 99. San Francisco, Cal., April 17, 1863.

1. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 96, assigning Major Henry Hancock, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, to duty at Benicia Barracks, is revoked. Major Hancock will report at these headquarters for special service.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., April 17, 1863.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of the 11th instant,* reporting an engagement with Indians in your district, having been submitted to the general commanding the department, I am instructed by the general to express to the officers and men composing the detachment (Captain Flynn, Lieutenant Winchill, and thirty-two men of Company A, Second Infantry) his admiration and thanks for the activity, zeal, and gallantry displayed by them on that occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., April 17, 1863.

Lieutenant GEORGE A. BURKETT,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers:

SIR: You will proceed to-morrow morning with Forbes' train to the Pima and Coca-Maricopa Villages with 100 stand of old arms, ammunition, &amp;c., that will be turned over to you by Captain J. H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers. The arms, &c., are for distribution to the Pima and Coca-Maricopa Indians. Mr. Abraham Lyon, the sub-Indian agent, will accompany you, and indicate the captains of the various villages to whom arms will be issued, and the number to each. You will inform the chief and captains that the United States loans their people these arms; that if they make good use of them in defending themselves from hostile Apaches, and in making vigorous and effective campaigns against those savages, the arms will be presented to them, and that thereafter a reasonalbe amount of ammunition will be issued to them. Inform them also that mroe arms are on the way, and urge upon them the importance of a combined effort on their part, with all their allies, the Papagos, Yumas, and Mojaves, to rid the country of the Apaches, who are such bitter enemies to their peace and prosperity, and to that of their firm friends, the people of this Territory. Take the receipts of the various captains for the arms issued them, and have Mr. Lyon witness their marks or signatures. Lieutenant Toole, acting assistant quartermaster, will transfer to you fifty-eight old-pattern dragoon coats and jackets, and 415 pompons.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 188.

---------------

