
California Volunteers. Major T. A. Coult, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, until further orders, is assigned to the command of Fort Bowie. Surg. David Wooster, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, is also assigned to duty at that post.

III. Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, as he passes Fort Bowie on his way to the Rio Grande, will furnish for the infantry portion of the garrison 120 rounds of ammunition per man. Lieutenant-Colonel Rigg, First Infantry California Volunteers, will see that the command is furnished with twenty days' rations of subsistence and a sufficient number of tents, including one hospital tent. Should Colonel Rigg not have an adequate number, they will be furnished from the supply train under command of Captain William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, which will leave Tucson, Ariz. Ter., on the 2nd proximo. From this train the commander of Fort Bowie will draw 10,000 rounds of ammunition and sixty days' rations of subsistence. Passing detachments will keep the command at Fort Bowie supplied with fresh beef until the arrival of the beef contractor, who will make arrangements to leave at that post sixty days' rations of fresh beef on the hoof, with two first-rate men to herd them.

IV. The commanding officer at Fort Bowie will establish that post at the best point in the Apache Pass for the protection of travelers and passing trains. If this point, from the nature of the ground, cannot be found near the spring, a small redoubt on the most commanding position will be at once erected near that spring, and be occupied night and day by a picket guard strong enough to hold it.

V. The commander at Fort Bowie will cause the Apache Indians to be attacked whenever and wherever he may find them near his post, unless they bear flags of truce. Fro this purpose he is at liberty to send out from time to time detachments from his post of such strength and to such points as the good of the service may require. He will, whenever necessary, cause all trains and expressmen to be escorted through the pass and well out into the open country on either hand. To effect all this a great deal is necessarily left to his judgment, caution, vigilance, and energy.

VI. A detachment of cavalry will be added to the garrison of the post, and will come from the east with the first return train.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., July 28, 1862.

Honorable J. G. DOWNEY,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

DEAR SIR: Mr. M. Morrison has presented to me the petition signed by Your Excellency and many other citizens and residents of the county of Los Angeles, asking for the establishment of a military post on the Colorado River at or near Fort Mojave. I need not assure Your Excellency that I feel a deep interest in the prosperity of the hardy pioneers who have done so much to develop the resources of the country, and that it will always afford me pleasure to afford them all the protection in my power. But at this moment I have no troops disposable for the establishment of permanent posts. The various columns I now have in the field, and the Indian wars actually being waged, have left me with

