
say I may be able to raise companies in Utah or out of emigrant trains. The latter would be impossible, as the emigrants coming this way are afflicted with the gold fever, and the Mormons are too disloyal to be trusted with arms, even if they would enlist, which I doubt. There is, however, a class of people here known as Morrisites, who have left the Mormon Church, and are persecuted by the Mormons to such an extent that they are actually suffering for the necessaries of life. A company could be raised from among them to garrison a post which I contemplate establishing on the overland emigrant route about 150 miles north of this post, in Idaho Territory, and about 40 miles from where the road from this place to Beaverhead Mines intersects the road from the east to California, Oregon, and the above mines, and in the vicinity of the summer resort of hostile Indians. It is an important point and should be occupied immediately by troops for the protection of the overland emigration. Although not in my district, I contemplate sending a company of infantry there next week. Another object I have in view is to form the nucleus of an anti-Mormon settlement, and a refuge for all who desire to leave the Mormon Church, and have not the means to emigrate farther. Large numbers of them will accompany the expedition and settle in the vicnity of the post. I consider the policy of establishing such a settlement of loyal people who may settle there will suffer for the necessaries of life, as most of them have families; therefore I would respectfully recommend that I be permitted to enlist a company from among them for twelve months, with the understanding that they are to garrison that post, and meanwhile they could made use of their time when off duty in cultivating the soild and laying the foundation of their future homes. The mormons have stripped thenm of almost everything they possessed, and they are consequently very poor, b ut they are industious. They propose that if they cannot be enlisted on the above terms they will do necessary post duty, provided I issue them arms and rations. In either case their services would save me a company of infantry for other duty. I respectfully ask the early consideration and oders of the general commanding on the above propositions, and would respectfully recommend the latter one as being in my opinion the most favorable to the Goverment, as with oen of my present officers and six men to conduct matters and see to the care and preservation of arms, &amp;c., I am satisfied the Government would be greatly benefit in many respects by adopting the proposition. I understand by telegraph to-day that there are 1,200 cavalry at Denver. If the attention of the General-in-chief were called to the fact he would probably send some of them here, and I need them very much.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., April 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES N. OLNEY,

Second Infty. California Vols., Comdg at Fort Gaston, Cal.:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding the district authorize you to make a treaty of aggreement with the Redwood Indians, promising protection to them and their families, and entire forgiveness for all past

