
acts, on condition of their coming to Hoopa Valley and settling on the east side of Trinity River, within two miles of Fort Gaston, within thirty days from such date as you shall appoint.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. BARTH,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Second Infty. California Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

SAN FRANCISCO, April 23, 1863.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

Nevada troops will rendezvous at Fort Churchill; term of enlistment, three years or during the war.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BENICIA ARSENAL, April 24, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In answer to the general's letter of the 23rd instant, I have the honor to state that I have on hand at this arsenal seventeen 24-pounder siege guns, iron; eighteen 32-pounder sea-coast guns, iron; twenty-six 24-pounder barbette carriages; eight 32-pounder barbette carriages. These guns five very accurately. I can have them rifled, but then they would require all new projectiles. I received information from Washington, under date of the 7th ultimo, that twelve 10-pounder Parrott rifled guns, twelve 10-pounder Parrott gun carriages, twelve 10-pounder Parrott caissons, 6,000 rounds 10-pounder ammunition, assorted, and the necessary implements and equipments pertaining to the guns and gun carriages, caissons, &amp;c., were ordered to be shipped from the New York arsenal to here via Panama.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McALLISTER,

Captain of Ordnance, Commanding.

P. S. - I have eleven unserviceable 32-pounder carriages which are to be repaired.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP INDEPENDENCE, CAL., Numbers 2. April 24, 1863.

I. In obedience to instructions received, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, April 1, 1863, the undersigned hereby assumes command of all troops, whether volunteers or militia, in Owen's Valley and adjacent valleys.

II. All orders and regulations heretofore published and not rescinded will remain in full force and effect.

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

