
TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., April 24, 1863.

Captain J. H. WHITLOCK,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,

Under orders to march to Fort Bowie:

CAPTAIN: On your march to Fort Bowie should an opportunity occur of striking a blow at the Apaches you will not fail to do so. You can delay two days to effect this should you ind that you can accomplish anything en route against those savages. Show no mercy to adult male Apaches under any circumstances. You will find orders to the present commanding officer in regard to this tribe of Indians which will guide you in your action as commander of the post. Those orders bear date March 12, and were given by me under instructions from Brigadier-General West, commanding the district. I would suggest to you to take advantage of your own experience, and that of so many members of your ocmpany as possess it, to prospect the vicinity of Fort Bowie for minerals. I am under the impression that very rich deposits of gold and silver can be found in the Chiracahua Mountains in the vicinity of Fort Bowie. The result of your investigations on this point should be reported to department through district headquarters, and I should be pleased to receive advices from you myself. Water also being a great desideratum in this country, when you can spare the men let them have leave to go hunting and prospecting in sufficient numbers to make if safe, having an eye to the discovery of water. It is our duty to do all we can to develop the rich mineral resources of this country. Should water be found near the post please be particular in describing the locality and putting up posts or anything suitable to indicate its position. Wishing you success and a pleasant march, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,San Pedro, April 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: The Mojave expedition, consisting of Companies B and I, will leave this place en route for Fort Mojave on Wednesday next (the day after to-morrow). The officer in command is instructed to cultivate the most friendly relations with the Indians, at the same time to prevent them from committing depredations upon the whites.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. FORMAN,

Fourth California Vol. Infty., Commanding Dist. of Southern California.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, NEVADA TERRITORY,

Carson City, April 27, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant and to inclose you a copy of my proclamation,* published in yesterday morning's Virginia Daily Territorial Enterprise

---------------

*Proclamation omitted.

---------------

