
and Virginia Daily Union, calling for two companies of cavalry and two companies of infantry, to serve three years or during the war.

I have the pleasure to state that so soon as the army board is organized applicants for commissions as captain, first lieutenant, and second lieutenant of the first company of cavalry will present themselves for examination. They are men that I think will pass examination and prove themselves excellent officers, as well as surely loyal. To be sure of the latter I require appointees to be Union men, supporters of the Administration, including the emancipation proclamation. While at Fort Churchill I took the liberty of requesting Lieutenant Runyon, who was writing the questions, to provide for examination on this by the board, and make the interrogatory pointed on the emancipation proclamation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORION CLEMENS,

Acting Governor of Nevada Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 28, 1863.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: The department commander directs that the troops authorized to be raised in Nevada Territory will rendezvous at Fort Churchill. This force will consist of two companies of cavalry and two of infantry. The quartermaster's and subsistence departments will be instructed to send the necessary supplies of subsistence and clothing. The enlisted men in the cavalry companies will furnish their own horses and horse equipments and receive therefor the amount allowed by law (40 cents per day). The arms and accounterments will be forwarded from Benicia Arsenal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP INDEPENDENCE, Numbers 4. Owen's River Valley, April 28, 1863.

I. Captain Heman Noble, of Company E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will, as soon as practicable, leave his present camp on or near Big Pine Creek and move upon the Aurora road, and there form a camp wherever he may find good water and grass, the distance from the head of Owen's Valley not to exceed thirty miles.

II. As soon as Captain Noble has formed his camp he will use all his available force in scouting for Indians in the surrounding country.

III. Captain Albert Brown, of Company L, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will so dispose his force as to keep the head of the valley clear of the Indians and make any necessary reconnaissance as to the whereabouts of the Indians.

IV. All re-enforcements will be promptly furnished from the troops nearest to the Indians upon application of any commissioned officer without further orders from this point.

* * * * *

By order:

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

