HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., April 28, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I regret that circumstances again comple me to urge upon the general commanding the necessity of sending re-enforcements to this district. The Indians are congregating in large force in the vicinity of the Mormon settlements south of this post, with a view of depredating on the overland mail and emigrant routes, and are incited and encouraged in their hellish work by Brigham Young, by whose direction they are also supplied with food, and by his people with ammunition, which I have no means of preventing, nor can is trike at them before they get stronger, as in order to reach them I have to pass through Mormon settlements, and the Mormon notify the Indians of my approach, when they scatter to their inaccessible mountain retreats, and thus avoid me. I understand the agents of the Overland Mail Company are opposed to having more troops sent here. Why, I am unable to say. I can only surmise, but cannot prove anything, as nothing can be proved here against a Mormon, or one of their Gentile favorities. I deem it a duty I owe to my command to notify the Government through the general commanding of the danger to which they are exposed from the treachery, fanaticism, and disloyalty of this people in case of a serious reverse to our arms in the East. I have also serious fears in consequence of my small command being necessarily scattered over a large extent of territory, of being overpowered in detail by the hordes of Indians now congregating under Mormon auspices, and who my spies inform me are to be joined by Mormons disguised as Indians. Brigham Young has complete control of the Indians of the Territory, and could, if he chose, prevent the horrors that will soon be enacted on the overland route, and which with the force at my command I am powerless to prevent. If the exigencies of the service will not admit of my being adequately re-enforced, I would again respectfully recommend that Brigham Young's offer to protect the overland mail and emigrant route for a certain sum be accepted, and my command withdrawn, in which case the obnoxious Federal officers would of course have to leave.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 29, 1863.

Brigadier General ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 15th instant, relative to the want of troops in the District of Oregon, I am instructed by the department commander to say that the exigencies of the service will not permit of a reduction of the force now in this State. The general gives you full power to call upon the Governors of Oregon and Washington for such troops as you may deem necessary to preserve the peace and quiet of your district. No objection will be made to any arrangement that the Governors of Oregon and California may enter into by the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

