
security, but use every effort to throw forward re-enforcements as soon as possible. We are, however, laboring in this country under the greatest difficulties and embarrassments, both in the procurement of men and means. One cause is the high price of labor and the wonderful devolopments constantly being made in the mining districts in this State and in the adjoining Territory of Nevada; and a still greater and controlling cause is the depreciation of our currency. Gold being the basis of our circulation, coin only be used at a discout of at least 35 cents on the dollar. This operates with peculiar hardship on all persons in the service of the Government whose compensation is fixed by law.

My latest advices from Brigadier-General Alvord represent everything as quiet in the District of Oregon. A council will be held early in May with the Nez Perce Indians, whither General Alvord had ordered Colonel Steinberger and Major Lugenbeel with a suitable force; and then the expedition to chastise the Snake Indians will be pressed forward, in connection with the establishment of Fort Boise. I have directed General Alvord to send Major P. Lugenbeel as commander, and Captain W. B. Hughes as quartermaster, to build the new post at Boise. Major Lugenbell and Captain Hughes are very industious, active, and economical, with much experience in planning and building, and peculiarly adapted to this duty. It is quite probable that Major Lugenbeel has been already promoted; should such be the case, I hope you will authorize me to keep both him and Captain Hughes for this important duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 109. San Francisco, Cal., April 30, 1863.

Second Lieutenant Beverly C. Duer, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, is hereby appointed aide-de-camp to Brigadier General George Wright, commanding the department. Lieutenant Duer will report at these headquarters without delay.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 40. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 30, 1863.

I. Pursuant to instructions from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated 1st instant, Bvt. Major P. Lugenbeel, Ninth Infantry, will command the expedition which will establish a military post near Fort Boise. Companies D, G, and I, First Infantry Washington Territory Volunteers, are placed under his command.

II. Captain Mason's company (H), First Washington Territory Infantry, now at Fort Walla Walla, will join the command of Major Lugenbeel at such place as the latter may designate. It is expected that this company will return to Fort Walla Walla before winter.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

27 R R - VOL L, PT II

