HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 1, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: We have tried for a long time to fill up the companies of the Ninth Infantry and Third Artillery by recruiting on this coast, but there are so many causes operating against the enlistment of men for the Regular Army here that I have deemed it proper to close the rendezvous. I have thought it probable that we might enlist men in the East for the army on this coast; men who would not elist for service East being anxious to come to California. I am told there are many such. The Legislature of this State has adjourned. A bill was passed giving $5 per month to each volunteer soldier furnished by the State from the commencement of their service. The Legislature also appropriated about $24,000 to aid in raising the new regiment and battalions now in progress of organization. This will give nearly $1,000 to each company to be raised. The companies of the Ninth Infantry are very much reduced. I have one at Fort Vancouver, one at San Juan Island, two on Alcatraz Island, one at Fort Point, and the residue of the regiment at the Presidio as a reserve to meet any sudden call. The men are all old soldiers, and, being weell instructed in heavy artillery drill, I have been very anxious to organize at least two complete batteries of light artillery, but as there was no immediate necessity for their services here and considering the great expense, I have hesitated about asking for the authority. I would now, however, most respectfully recommend that one or two batteries be organized. I think I can get suitable officers and men; we have the guns and equipments; the horses will have to be purchased at a cost of $200 to $225 in coin each.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 28, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the General-in-Chief with the recommendation that the organization of the batteries referred to in this communication be not permitted, if it be intended to organize them from the Ninth Infantry. I think it preferable to authorize the raising of volunteer batteries if some of the companies of regular artillery (Third Regiment), of which there are now three companies on the Pacific Coast, cannot be mounted. This is of course the proper plan, and the infantry companies should be put in garrison where they can easily learn to manage the fixed batteries.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 5, 1863.

Approved.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[MAY 1, 1863. - For Carleton to West, relating to operations in Arizona, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, p. 715.]

