
few troops to meet any sudden emergency, and prudential considerations demand that what force I have remaining should not be removed far from the coast.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,

Rio de Sauz, Ariz., Ter., July 28, 1862.

The following information of the watering places hence to the Miembress River is left at the station of the Rio de Sauz for the information of commanders of detachments of this column, viz: To the Cienega de Sauz, say, twelve miles, grass, water, and shrubs for fuel; here rest one day. From the cienega to Leitzendorfer'sWells, good road; distance, say, twenty-five miles; wood, grass, water only enough for fifty men, unless it has rained. From Leintzendorfer's Wells to Soldier's Farewell is a good road; distance, say, twenty-one miles; grass, shrubs for fuel, probably plenty of water in a tank. There is said to be a hole with a little bad water in it some 600 yards south of station at Soldier's Farewell. At Burro Mountain, three or four miles from Soldier's Farewell (northeast), is said to be water plenty. Indians bad here. If it has rained there will be a plenty of water in holes, but calculation mut be made so as to go through on this information, save that little dependence can be placed on finding much water at Leitzendorfer's Wells. To Cow Springs from Soldier's Farewell is sixteen miles; here is water and grass plenty, but no wood. To Miembres River, say, eighteen miles; here is grass, water, wood in abundance; here rest. Total, ninety-two miles.

By order of General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., July 28, 1862.

Brigadier General, BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The disposition of the force in the District of Oregon for the protection of the overland emigration and remote settlements, as also your instructions to the several commanders, receive the approval of the general commanding the department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 28, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have received your letter of the 18th instant and must thank you very sincerely for the kind expressions it contains and the

