
Altos and Fort West, at the head of the Gila River, to Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, Ariz., and Tucson, Ariz. He will also make a contract to carry a mail from Tucson, Ariz., via the Pima Villages, Ariz., and Fort Yuma, Cal., to Los Angeles, Cal. Congress has organized the Territory of Arizona, and the President has appointed the civil officers necessary to carry on the machinery of a Territorial government in that Territory. You are aware that Arizona has not a single mail line running to it from either the east or the west, and that the Government has no facilities for getting letters to or from either the officers or the people of this new Territory. So the importance of having a mail established at once will at once be impressed upon your mind. The recently discovered gold regions along northern affluents to the Gila will soon attact people to work them. Fort West will be a point where a post-office will be very necessary. All these considerations are apart from the urgent wants of the military service at Fort West, Fort Bowie, Tucson, and Fort Yuma. Besides by putting on this mail there would be postal communication from Saint Louis, via Santa Fe, Tucson, and Los Angeles, to San Francisco. Mr. Vickroy is represented as a gentlemen of energy, and will I hope be successful in this important matter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., May 2, 1863.

Lieutenant W. L. USTICK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter dated 28th ultimo this morning. Previous to receiving it I had sent Captain Potts to Spring Valley and vicinity to join Captain Smith with the infantry in an expedition against Indians, whom I have good reason to believe are encamped at the base of a mountain about forty or fifty miles from Spring Valley Station, in a northerly direction. My information is derived from friendly Indians who live in this valley, four of whom accompany Captain Smith as guides and are held as hostages. They report that the Indians have in their possession quite a large band of horses and mules, and their strength is supposed to be a large band of horses and mules, and their strength is supposed to be from 100 to 150. I feel confident that the expedition will be successful. I am making all arrangements for the departure of the company (F) and as soon as Captain Potts returns will order him to leave immediately. The instructions of the general commanding in relation to the cavalry have been anticipated by me, and they have not at any time been kept at this post longer than was abolutely necessary to rest and shoe their horses. They have twenty days' rations with them at this time, and as their depot will be either at Spring Valley or Skull Creek, it will be an easy matter for me to send them more if wanted. My whole aim has been the detection and punishment of the Indians who have been committing depredations on the Overland Mail Line, and to that end I am disposing of the forces at my command in such a manner that I think the time is not far distant when they will receive a chastisement that will not soon be forgotten.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER,

Major Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

