
with the order that but two companies of cavalry should remain there I sent in Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to Las Cruces. To do this and leave the remaining two companies at all provided with horses it became necessary to dismount Captain Shirland's company. A statement of the number of animals in the three companeis has already been sent to department headquarters. I withdrew the company of infantry from the village of Pinos Altos and attached it directly to the Fort West garrison. There was scarcely any necessity for them to remain at the Pinos Altos any longer; they were wanted at Fort West to comply with orders, and by removing them they would be followed by a number of citizens who are now locating near Fort West, and will soon be engaged in farming and mining. With the exception perhaps of a few Indians about the Miembres and the copper mines, the savages are pretty well cleared out from the headwaters of the Gila River. Broken-down horses and cattle have been left upon various routes and been recovered after the expiration of a week, showing conclusively that there are no Indians about. From the 10th to the 30th of April troops in detachment and by company were moving in all directions; no fresh signs were reported. The command at Fort West require rest; t he horses will need at least a month with good forage. Corn should be there by this time again, and I have directed that all the stock at the post be sent to Santa Lucia for grazing. The greatest drawback that the men have to contend with is the inferior quality of the beef; it is so poor as to create sickness. I am endeavoring to procure some sheep here to send out, and am in hopes that the beef-cattle will in the meanwhile have a chance to improve. In this connection it is not out of place to call the attention of the general commanding to the misfortune of my being requried to depend upon supplies of beef-cattle which were to have been sent by the chief commissary of the department. None have come, and I have been prevented from making timely arrangements to procure supplies here. The result is sickness, poor, and sometimes no beef, at all the posts east of Apache Pass.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., May 2, 1863.

Captain T. T. TIDBALL,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: You will start this evening with your command. You have twelve days' rations. Should it be necessary you can remain out fifteen or sixteen days with this subsistence. The object of your expedition is to chastise Apaches. This duty I leave in your hand with confidence, therefore will not embarrass you with conditions or detailed instructions as to the modes of attack. There is a rancheria of these savages at the Cajon de Arivapa, about twenty miles from Fort Breckinridge. This I wish you to attack and destroy if possible. I am informed the preferable road to reach the rancheria is that via Canada del Oro. Jesus Maria Elias is well acquainted with this road and the trail. He and the Coyotero guide prefer the former. I agree with them. You shall have the twenty-five men selected by yourself from Companiezs I and K, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, say ten American citizens and thirty-two Mexicans, with about twenty of Papagos from San Xavier. Jose Antonio Saborze, who is Governor of the

