
Papagos, you will find brave and intelligent. Jesus Maria Elias will have charge of the Mexicans. Nine tame Apaches will be sent with you as spies and guides. All will be strictly under your orders. On the morning of the third day you will arrive at the rancheria. Travel at night; make no fires; allow no firing of arms. By keeping well hid during the day and using your guides judiciously you wull no doubt surprise the rancheria. All grown males are fair game; the women and children capture and bring here; also such captives as you may find among the Apaches. You are at perfect liberty go wherever your judgment dictates after you have attacked the Arivapa Rancheria, or before if unfortunately you find that your designs are discovered. Yoru guides and the citizens here can give you information of the locale of the savages. Do the best you can while your subsistence will last. Provisions for twelve days have been issued to all the citizens and Indians. You will have to exercise considerable vigor to prevent the Papagos and Apaches (mansos) from killing women and children, and others from plundering when they should be fighting, but all these things will suggest themselves to you. Get as much of the savages' stock as possible. It will be equitably distributed after your return.

With best wishes for your success, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP INDEPENDENCE, Numbers 5. Owen's River Valley, May 3 [?], 1863.

I. Lieutenant McKenna, of Company G, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, taking with him thirty men of Company G, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will leave this camp at 7 p. m. of May 1, and cross Owen's River at the ferry, and will then proceed to the Ida Mills, have horses saddled and proceed as far as Mazonka Canon, where he will have his men dismount, the horses being sent back to CAmp Independence. The lieutenant will then move up the mountains, keeping the Indian monument to his right, and will, if possible, arrive on the top of the mountains before daylight, when he will deploy his men along the top of the ridge northward, his left resting near the monument. At daylight he will command a movement toward the north, aiming to strike the river near the Black Rocks. The lieutenant will see that his men are furnished with canteens and rations for three days.

II. Lieutenant George D. French, taking with him twenty men of Companies D and E, will cross the river opposite Camp Independence on the morning of the 3d, and ascend the bluff, following up the plateau toward Black Rocks, acting in conjunction with Lieutenant McKenna and party. The lieutenant will see that his men are furnished with canteens and two days' rations.

III. The officer commanding at Camp Independence will see that his men are posted in such positions that the movements of the troops can be observed when near the bluffs, that he may send them aid and have their horses forwarded to them when they may strike the river.

By order:

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,Captain Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

