
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 15. Camp Drum, New San Pedro, Cal., May 3, 1863.

I. In view of the facts attendant upon the recent calmitous accident which resulted in the loss of many lives and serious injury of many estimable citizens by the explosion of the steamer Ada Hancock, in the bay of New San Pedro, Cal., on Monday afternoon, April 27, 1863, the major commanding desires to notice ing eneral orders those whose conduct under his especial observation are deserving of commendation.

II. Captain William G. Morris, assistant quartermaster, and First Lieutenant F. A. Morgan, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, acting commissary of subsistence, the first to reach the scene of disaster, with the elements strongly contending against them in the saving of valuable lives, their assiduity in providing for the interment of the dead, and their constant and unremitting attention to the sick and wounded, merit the warmest approbation.

III. Surg. S. S. Todd, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, and Asst. Surg. W. E. Strong, First Cavalry California Volunteers, are to be thanked for the prompt attendance and medical aid extended to the unfortunate survivors, and their constant and unremitting exertions to the present time.

IV. Captain J. Ives Fitch, Captain Charles Atchison, Lieutenant R. P. Nason, Lieutenant J. W. Scobey, and Lieutenant John Pearson, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, deserve great credit for the activity and zeal displayed by them.

V. Hospital Steward S. K. Fleming and the nurses under his charge, by their faithful attendance and care bestowed to those injured, are deserving of special notice.

VI. To Companies A, B, and I, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, without distinction, is awarded the highest praise, and their prompt action in saving lives and property and assisting in the rites of sepulture deserve not only especial commendation from the major command, but the fervent thanks and gratitude of all interested.

VII. Chief Wagon-master Gabriel Allen and the clerks, employes, and teamsters in the quartermaster's and commissary departments at New San Pedro by their energy and perseverance aided materilly in alleviating the condition of those rescued.

VIII. The conduct of the whole command reflects the highest credit upon American soldiers, and is in marked contrast with the apathy and negligence displayed by persons living in this vicinity, Los Angeles, who previously claimed to be the intimate friends of some of the deceased and suffering survivors.

CLARENCE E. BENNET,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter., May 3, 1863.

Lieutenant J. F. BENNETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inform you that I relieved Captain B. F. Harrover in the command of this post on the 1st instant. Captain Harrover with his company (E), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, left the same day en route for Las Cruces. I have no officer with my company except myself. I expect my first lieutenant in a few days.

