
in the State. I referred him to the general commanding the department, but he has probably not written. To-day I got a letter from him saying that Mr. Samuel E. May, Secretary of State, has just returned from San Francisco and says that "General Wright told him that the Governo could get all the arms he needed. " Governor Gibbs adds: "I think I shall call on you for arms in a few days. " Although not strictly conformable to paragraph 1383 of the Regulations, I shall probably order the issue of such as the Governor wants, in which course I trust I shall have the approval of the general commanding the department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

PORTLAND, OREG., May 7, 1863.

[Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD:]

DEAR GENERAL: Inclosed you will please find a letter from Colonel Kilgore* (Oregon militia), which taken in connection with the letter from General Applegate which I send you, gives reliable information as to matters in Southern Oregon. I think Colonel Drew has not returned yet. Would it not be well to have a few men left at Camp Baker with the men enlisted by Lieutenant Hand? Our independent militia companies are filling up rapidly. I think we will get a thousand men in them in a short time. The company in this county now numbers more than sixty good and true men. I think I shall call on you for arms in a few days. General Wright told Secretary May that I could get all I needed. Mr. May returned on the last steamer. He says the vigilance committee and fire companies have arms and are drilling in San Francisco.

Yours, truly,

A. C. GIBBS.

P. S. - Please return Mr. Kilgore's letter.

A. C. G.

[MAY 8, 1863. - For West to Carleton, relating to operations in Arizona, &amp;c., see Vol. XV, Pp. 720, 721.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 9, 1863.

Brigadier General P. EDWARD CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah, near Salt Lake City, Utah:

GENERAL: It will be proper for you to know what movements of troops are contemplated by me in the Snake country the coming summer. I shall at all events establish a post at Fort Boise. Colonel R. F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry, with three companies of that regiment, is now encamped at Fort Lapwai, on the Nez Perce Reservation. That diggers, in contempt of the treaty securing to the New Perces said reservation, a council has been invited to assemble there to make a new treaty and indemnify that tribe (which has always heretofore been so friendly to the whites) for its losses. But there is a disaffected party

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

