
in the tribe. The movements of Colonel R. F. Maury depend on events in that quarter. If matters work favorably (as I trust they will) Colonel Maury in JUne will proceed to Fort Boise, and two companies of infantry being added to his command, he will proceed eastward from that post and endeavor to meet the head of the emigration from the States at the crossing of the Snake River above Fort Hall. Captain Crawford with an emigrant escort party of 100 men from Omaha, Nebr., promised to bring the head of the emigration there from the 10th to the 20th of August. I expect by that movement Colonel Maury will be able to strike an efficient blow at the Snakes, and protect the emigration which should return on his trail by the road north of Snake River. Private letters ay that parties from Denver, Pike's Peak, and Salt Lake are going across to Boise now in early spring. I fear they will have to fight their way. If you are able to protect the emigrants or others who take the road south of Snake River by an escort to proceed as far as Salmon Falls, it will be a very desirable thing. As the main emigration and Colonel Maury will take the north road above described, which crosses Snake River above Fort Hall, small parties on the old road on the south side of Snake River will stand ing reater danger than ever. All these facts I bring to your attention for your information. I know nothing of your orders or plans. I appreciate highly the signal blow your gallant troops gave last winter to the Indians on Bear River, in Washington Territory, and know that to the extent of your force you will take good care of the Snakes in your vicinity.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, May 10, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD:

SIR: I have been disappointed in calling in arms belonging to this State once in the possession of the Governor, but now scattered. There are some arms due this State from the General Government, but by a recent letter I learn that none can be had very soon. There are now independent companies organized in this State and others forming under our recent militia law, but I have no arms to equip them. Your knowledge of the condition of things in this State renders it unnecessary for me to call your attention minutely to the importance of placing arms in the hands of Union men. I hope you will comply with the accompanying requisition for arms. I will see that they are placed in the hands of Union men commanded by patriotic officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., May 11, 1863-11 a. m.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

Volunteer troops from California cannot across the mountains and reach Salt Lake before the latter part of July. In the meantime, if practicable, I would recommedn that re-enforcements be thrown forward imemdiately from the Missouri frontier.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

