SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 36. Fort Humboldt, Cal., May 11, 1863.

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 90, of April 7, 1863, from the headquarters of the Department of the Pacific, Companies E and H, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed by the first steamer to Benicia Barracks.

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

CHAS. H. BARTH,First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH REGIMENT ARIZONA BRIGADE,

San Antonio, May 12, 1863.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: The following information was derived through the French consul at Chihuahua, and communicated to me through men entirely reliable, whose names I withhold for the present by request: Acting Governor Army of New Mexico sent an express to the Governor of Chihuahua, which arrived at the latter place on the 28th of March, requesting the Governor of Chihuahua to meet him (Arny) at El Paso. Governor Terrazas replied that his official duties would not permit him to meet Governor Arny at El Paso, and that if the latter had any business with hime he (Arny) would have to go to Chihuahua. After Governor Terrazas' answer was received by Arny the latter sent another express to Governor Terrazas, dated 14th of April, 1863, saying that he had orders from President Lincoln to extend protection over the States of Chihuahua and Sonora, and to do so effectually it would be necessary for the forces of the United States to take possession of those two States.

The above is respectfully submitted for the consideration of the major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BAIRD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Arizona Brigade.

Any amount of supplies will be furnished us by capitalists in Chihuahua, provided they receive a certificate that cotton will be stored, subject to their order, at Matamoras or any other point in Mexico.

S. M. B.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 8. Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 12, 1863.

I take pleasure in acknowledging the very gallant and soldier-like manner in which the expedition against the Apache Indians in the Canada de Arivaypa was conducted, and the highly creditable result of the attack on those savages, who have been devastating, robbing, and murdering in this Territory and Sonora for centuries. Captain T. T. Tidball, Firth Infantry California Volunteers, who commanded the expedition with so much good judgment, may well be proud of it and of the brave men under his command, who marched for five days without ever lighting a fire, maintaining silence, hiding by day and traveling by night, to accomplish their object. That a handful of twenty-five prise and rancheria of the craftiest savages on the continent, traveling

