
for sixteen hours the evening and night before the battle, over frightful precipices, through gloomy canons and chasms heretofore untrod by white men, out of a numerous horde of savages killing over 50, wounding as many, taking 10 prisoners, and capturing 66 head of stock, without the loss of more than ore man, is something for emulation to others in future campaigns against Apaches. We all have to mourn over the brave and generous yourth who feel doing his duty. Mr. Thomas C. McClelland, the only one who fell in this brilliant little affair, will long be mourned by those now knew him only to esteem him as a good citizen, a dutiful son, and firm friend.

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP INDEPENDENCE, Numbers 10. Owen's River Valley, May 13, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. It is strictly prohibited to put to death, or cause to be put to death, without due military process, any Indian who may deliver himself up to any officer or soldier, or those taken without arms, but such information as such parties may be able to give will be carefully obtained, and the officer or officers then in command will make such use of such information as in his or their judgment may be deemed most advantageous to the service.

* * * * *

By order:

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,

Las Cruces, N. Mex., May 14, 1863.

Colonel DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding, Tucson:

COLONEL: Inclosed are extracts of a letter addressed to me by the general commanding the Department of New Mexico, referring to yourself as follows:

First. The commanding general's remarks upon your indorsement on the correspondence that passed between Major J. Howe Watts and Mr. Abraham Lyon, Indian agent.

Second. A reference to the troops en route from the Department of the Pacific to the Rio Grande.

I am not informed that there are anyt other troops expected, but six companies of your regiment and H, First Infantry California Volunteers. The advices from you which should reach me on the 20th instant provision as to subsistence must be made by you, as far as you are enabled to do so by the remissness of co-operation with you on the part of the commanding officer at Fort Yuma. The non-commissioned officers of the vedettes that carry through this express will be instructed to inform you as to the supply of water at the different stations and to communicate the same to commanding officer of my troops en route for their guidance. From the quantity of rain that has fallen here within the past week it is believed that there will be sufficient at all of them.

If, however, the expectation proves incorrect, the route from Apache Pass to the Cienega de Sauz, thence to Leitzendorfer's Wells, and Burro

