
apprised of it. We cannot afford to give them that much start. I am convinced that the supplies being taken to Fort Davis are for a large force. They are not intended for troops at San Antonio or east of that point, because such could be more readily supplied from Eagle Pass or Matamoras. With the probability of a large force coming this way, it would be dangerous to undertake to cut off their supplies with infantry, and I have no cavalry efficient now. With what force I have at present such an attempt would be risky in the extreme. Should I change my views I will not fail to keep the general commanding duly informed, but I continue to be of the opinhion that the Texans will come this summer. To abandon this valley without a struggle to hold it would demoralize its people and destroy their faith in the protection of our Government. It would give the enemy a position from which it would be difficult to drive him, and one that would facilitate greatly his designs upon the northern and western portions of the department. I respectfully suggest to the department commander that the Indians will keep. The Texans are our imemdiate foes. To punish the Indians will contribute nothing toward suppressing the rebellion. That is the object of this war, I take it, and I cannot bring myself to believe that it is good policy to give up one foot of the territory here we now hold. Even if I am defeated, the enemy must stay here to recruit long enough to admit of re-enforcements being brought from Colorado, and if the troops I have asked for are sent to me, a Texas will never be seen north of the Jordana except as a prisoner.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., May 15, 1863.

Brigadier General JOSEPH R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Hart's Mill, Tex.:

GENERAL: Since writing to you to-day about withdrawing the vedettes from all the line from Tucson to Fort Yuma, I have considered the matter further, and have concluded to leave the matter with Colonel Fergusson, to whom you will write, that unless the abuses of which he justly complains can be promptly and effectually corrected, he is authorized to withdraw the line. There are reasons connected with our keeping communication open at this time, and particularly until a mail is put on, for which I have written to the Postmaster-General, and which will doubtless be put on, now that Arizona has become a Territory with no mail facilities, which induce me to agree to the vedette system all the way through, if it can be so regulated as not to create difficulties be filled with abuses too grave to be tolerated.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your instructions of the 4th ultimo. I immediately on its reception wrote to

