
resolutions. I also, general, inclose copy of communication sent by me to the commanding officer at Camp Pickett, Captain Bissell, of date March 7 last. I learn from Captain Bissell, by authority of the general commanding the Department of the Pacific, of March 9, received:

The civial authorities, if duly appointed or elected under the law governing the Territory of Washington, will be permitted to exercise their legitimate functions on the portion of the island under the jurisdiction of the United States.

I desire most respectfully to represent to the commanding general of the department that by the publication and forwarding of these resolutions it seems to us to have conveyed the impression that they are the real sentiments and opinions of a majority of the American settlers on the island, which by far is not the case, and therefore, without being protested against, calculated to place us in a false position. With the kind indulgence of the general I will attempt to describe, though imperfectly, somewhat the origin of our difficulties, situation, and seeming misunderstanding at the present time. During the command of Camp Pickett by Captain G. E. Pickett he seized a whisky boat, the owner of which was detected in selling liquor to Indians on the reservation but on Hudson Bay Company lands. The kegs of liquor were destroyed by order of the captain and the man confined in the guard house. This man claimed protection as a British subject, and on Captain Pickett's communicating the facts of the case to the captain commanding British forces on the island, he was requested by that officer to deliver the prisoners over to him at his camp.

This was done, and this man was sent to Victoria for trial. He remained in jail for several months, until Captain Pickett visited Victoria, when he was requested to appear and testify against him. This he did, and the man was sentenced to the chain-gang and his boat and property confiscated. After this an official complaint is made by Captain Bazalgette, commanding British forces, to Captain Pickett that a man by the name of Andrews, an American living near his reservation, is engaged selling liquor to Indians and to his men. Captain Pickett desires them to appear before a justice of the peace living near his camp and make complaint against him. Andrews appears on the day set for the trial, and the justice refuses to convict him on Indian testimony, corroborated by Lieutenant Cooper. Andrews returns to his place of abode, and last August, I learn, was banished from the island on official complaint to Captain Bissell from Captain Bazalgette that he was again interfering with the discipline of his command by selling whisky. I was at this man's house shortly after the first occupancy of the island by U. S. troops, and have visited the place this summer, and would state for information of the general that there is no evidence of cutlivation more than three years before, viz, a log-house and about an acre of ground very imperfectly fenced and cultivated. I was present at the meeting referred to in which the resolutions I inclose were adopted. There were present, consequent of the notice, as posted by Mr. Hamblet, some thirty settlers, but not above fifteen took part in its proceedings. Among these I recognized Andrews, the person spoken of above. Offutt, the secretary, was not a resident of the island; had been banished several months before, and was living at the time on another island. he was sent away for selling liquor to Indians and soldiers. Carney, who had much to say, had just been let out of the guard house; is an old ffender and noted seller of whisky to Indians. Some fifteen persons stood outside of the house and refused to participate in it. After the meeting I called upon Captain Bissell and informed him of the manner in which the meeting had made use of his name. He said

