
(and a part thereof) upon the island of San Juan, in Washington Territory, and Whatcom County. The lot upon which the house occupied by E. D. Warbass stands in adjoining the lot that I leased to Olney and Jones, and another small lot of ground inclosed adjoining the ground upon which said Warbass' saloon is situated, and all other lands that the said E. D. Warbass may claim to hold possession of upon my said pre-emption claim, all of which he refuses to do.

Third. Further, I purpose to show in the present action and issue that the said E. D. Warbass was one of a company that made an effort to organize to disposses me of my claim without compensation. Wherefore I pray this court to grant me $100 for damages and such other relief as the law will give, and all other relief in justice.

I. E. HIGGINS.

I do hereby certify that the statements made in the foregoing complaint are true of my own knowledge, except those on information, and those I believe to be true.

I. E. HIGGINS.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of February, A. D. 1863.

E. T. HAMBLET,

Justice of the Peace.

TERRITORY OF WASHINGTON,

County of Whatcom, ss:

E. D. Warbass: You are hereby notified to be and appear before me at my office on the 12th day of March, 1863, at the house of Mr. Bowker, San Juan, on said day to answer to the foregoing complaint, or the prayer of the plaintiff will ge granted.

E. T. HAMBLET,

Justice of the Peace.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HER BRITANNIC MAJESTY'S SHIP GANGES,

In Esquimalt Harbor, March 20, 1863.

Captain HUNT,

Commanding the U. S. Troops, San Juan Island:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that a detachment of Royal Marines, with their appropriate arms, equivalent in number to the troops of the United States under your command, will be disembarked on the north point of the island of San Juan for the purpose of establishing a joint military occupation, agreeably to the proposition of Lieutenant-General Scott. The annexed extract from the orders I have given to Captain Bazalgatte, the officer commanding, I beg to furnish for your information.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

R. LAMBT. BAYNES,

Rear-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief of

Her Britannic Majesty's Naval Forces in the Pacific.

[Extract.]

Captain GEORGE BAZALGETTE,

Royal Marines, Commanding the Detachment

Landed on the Island of San Juan:

The object of placing you there is for the protection of British interests, and to form a joint military occupation with the troops of the United States. As the sovereignty of the island is still in dispute between the two Goverments, you will on no account whatever interfere with

