
the citizens of the United States, but should any offense be committed by such citizens which you may think it advisable to notice you will send a report of it immediately to Captain Hunt, or officer commanding the U. S. troops. American citizens have equal rights with British subjects on the island. Should the officer commanding the U. S. troops being to your notice offenses committed by any of Her Majesty's subjects you will use your best judgment in dealing with the case, and I authorize you, if you deem it necessary, to send them off the island by the first opportunity. If any doubts arise as to the nationality of an offender you will not [decide] in the case before you have consulted with the U. S. commanding officer, and not even then unless your opinions coincide. You will place yourself in frank and free communication with the commanding officer of the U. S. troops, bearing in mind how essential it is for the public service that the most perfect and cordial understanding should exist between you, which I have every reason to feel assured you will at all times find Captain Hunt ready and anxious to maintain.

ROBERT LAMBERT BAYNES,

Rear-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancovuer, Wash. Ter., May 16, 1863.

Captain LYMAN BISSELL,

Ninth Infty., Commanding U. S. Troops on San Juan Island, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: I have sent to department headquarters the accompanying draft of a special order* which I recommend that the general commanding the department shall issue, which is in judgment the best solution of the difficulties likely to occur on San Juan Island. Your letter of the 16th ultimo, with its inclosures, has been forwarded to department headquarters. The general had ordered me to investigate the matter, and if necessary to visit your post. the above recommendation is the result of my investigation. While waiting a response to my recommendation renders it desirable I will visit your post; but I trust it will not be necessary, as I have important business on hand here.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 27. Las Cruces, N. Mex., May 17, 1863.

I. Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will temporarily take post at the Cottonwoods. During its stay at that point the company will be taken up on the field return of the post of Franklin, Tex.

II. Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, is transferred to the post of Franklin, Tex.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General Joseph R. West:

J. F. BENNETT,Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure, but see Special orders, Numbers 129, May 29, p. 463.

---------------

