HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 19, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The general commanding the department instructs me to say that in the event of finding fit impracticable to procure forage in sufficient quantities for the cavalry designed to garrison Fort Boise during the coming winter, you will late in the fall withdraw such portions of that force as you may meed necessary to winter at Fort Walla Walla. This movement, should it take place, will require a larger supply of forage at Walla Walla. To meet it, measures must be taken to secure the necessary amount during the summer months. Considering Forts Walla Walla and Boise as the most important posts in your district, it is the general's desire that the headquarters of the Washington Territory Volunteers should be established at the first and the headquarters of the Oregon cavalry at the latter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 97. Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 19, 1863.

I. Captain T. T. Tidball's company (K), of the Fifth Infantry, will proceed to and take post at Fort Bowie, starting to-morrow, and Captain Tidball on arriving at Fort Bowie will relieve Lieutenant S. Staddon, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, in command of that post. The latter officer will without delay proceed with his company (H), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to Las Cruces, N. Mex., and report there to the commanding officer, unless he has orders to the contrary from superior authority.

* * * * *

D. FERGUSSON,Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,

Camp Drum, Cal., May 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to send herewith inclosed a letter from Doctor Dickey in regard to bands of armed men. It is extremely unfortunate that the majority in this section of the State have been able to control the elections and these armed marauders can rob and steal with impunity, boasting their secession proclivities, knowing full wel that they will be aided by those whose sworn duty it is to punish them. A secession sheriff will not make arrests - gives warning in time to enable felons to provide for their safety; secession judges turn them loose. See report of Judge Hays turning Ramon Carrio, a murderer, loose at an early hour in the morning, who went away with as escort of forty armed men, mounted, and who is reported to be in the mountains to the east of here with about thirty men. The expressman going to Chino week before last was chased five or six miles by a Spaniard, who was probably one of that party. This, to a considerable extent,

