
has been the way justice has been administered in the section where Doctor Dickey resides. Without mounted troops there is very little protection to life and property. I hear many complaints of people suffering loss by these parties stealing horses and cattle. They ought to be protected and these parties captured. The safety of the immense amount of stores here, together with the Government property, requires a garrison of three companies, as there may be calls for detachments as there is now. One detachment away and another required would take nearly all the effective men here. I would suggest the propriety of instructing the different posts and detachments to keep a lookout for these fugitives.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] SAN BERNARDINO, CAL., May 13, 1863.

Major C. E. BENNETT,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Camp Drum:

SIR: Since my last I have made some other discoveries in regard to the secesh movements. In the first place, they have been holding meetings at Mr. Wixom's, but I can't find out for what purpose, definitely, but I think I will in a few days. Johnny McGaw (the man I employed as spy) found a camp in Mill Creek Canon and one in San Jacinto Valley. The one in San Jacinto he saw seventeen men. They said they were going to Texas in a short time. Jor men in the camp in Mill Creek, but from the size of the trail he thinks there are more. I hear of other parties, but don't know sure of their existence, but will as soon as Johnny can go round and prospect the different localities. The town is full of rough-looking stranger. They nearly all say they are from Visalia. They are here for no good purpose, sure. I am on track of other information, and if I succeed I will know all. It takes money, but I am willing to spend it. In my next I am in hopes to be able to know all. One thing I came near forgetting. The White boys left on the 11th for Texas. They will cross the Colorado at La Paz; will then take Aubrey trail to the Pima Villages, and then go through the Papago country to Sonora, or will strike the Gila sixty miles above Fort Yuma and go to Carborca, the way Crab and party went. They were not determined when they left which way they would go. I find this out from an intimate friend of theirs, a lady. They will join a party at La Paz to pass through the Indian country. I will keep you advised as things progress.

I remain, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. DICKEY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 20, 1863.

Captain M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Indepdence, Owen's River Valley, Cal.:

SIR: It is desirable that Captain Brown's company of cavalry should commence its march to Salt Lake at the earliest day possible. In consideration, however, of the reasons set forth in your letter of the 6th

