
instant, the general commanding instructs me to say that its movement in the direction indicated above will be delayed for the present. This delay should not extend beyond the 20th of June next.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 20, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 7th instant, in reference to supplying arms to the Oregon militia on the requisition of the Governorn, I telegraphed you this morning, by direction of the department commander, as follows: "Arms cannot by supplied to Oregon militia. " The general has received special instructions from the War Department not to issue arms to State troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receiption of your communication of the 29th ultimo saying that "the general gives you full power to call on the Governors of Oregon and Washington for such troops as you may deem necessary to preserve the peace and quiet of the district. " I esteem the authority thus given important to the public service. I trust that the emergency will not arise, but it may become desirable to make a call for troops to serve for a milited period. If imperatively demanded by the circumstances, I shall not hesitate to take that course. The ramifications of the revolutionary plot developed by the fortunate seizure on the 15th of March in San Francisco of the piratical schooner J. M. Chapman, did not fail to extend to Oregon. I am sure of it from all that I can learn, but the exposure disconcerted their machinations. Vigilance is still necessary. The great majority of the people are opposed to them, and are unalterably for the Union. In Idaho Territory there are some secessionists, and the emigration of next fall will bring still more. But secluded as they are (the boundaries of the new Territory extending as far east as beyond Fort Laramie to the meridian 27 degrees west longitude from Washington), they can do but little mischief. Three companies (D, G, and I), First Washington Territory Infantry, are here ready to march to Fort Boise under Major Lugenbeel, pursuant to your instructions of the 26th of March. To garrison this post and guard Vancouver Arsenal there will remain Company A, Ninth Infantry, under command of First Lieutenant Frederick Mears, Ninth Infantry, and Noble's company of First Oregon Cavalry, not yet quite full. Late in the summer another company may be raised. Though I should prefer a larger force here, I shall, however, start tort Boise. The wagon train leave Fort Dalles to-morrow under escort as far as Fort Walla Walla of twenty-five cavalry. In

29 R R - VOL L, PT II

