
about ten days the infantry will go by water to Wallula. One company of First Washington Territory Infantry joins Major Lugenbeel's command from Fort Walla Walla, making four companies in all. Six companies are at Fort Lapwai pending the gathering of Indians at the Nez Perce treaty ground. Accounts are favorable from that quarter. Colonel Steinberger and one company of cavalry will some time next month return to Fort Walla Walla. Colonel Maury with three companies of First Oregon Cavalry will, about the 10th proximo, keep on from there to Fort Boise. There he will be joined by two companies of infantry, and with the five companies he will proceed on an expedition to Fort Hall against the Snake Indians. This was the programmme indicated in my letter of the 10th of February, which I now think I shall be able to carry out. Fort Steilacoom is left with only one company. By permission of the Governor of Washington Territory an attempt is being made to raise a company of dismounted Oregon cavalry on the south. It may take all summer and fall to raise it. I shall probably leave it at Fort Steilacoom if it is raised. Major Lugenbeel will take him a 6-pounder and two mountains howitzers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. - Herewith I inclose to you a copy of my orders directing arms and ammunition to be sent to the Governor of Oregon, as I indicated that I should in my letter of the 7th instant. These arms will go into the hands of Union men, much enthusiasm beginning to exhibit itself in raising volunteer militia companies.

B. A.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 13, 1863.

The Governor of Oregon in a letter dated the 10th instant having reported that the state of the country required it, the general commanding the district directs that Military Store-keeper T. J. Eckerson, in charge of Vancouver Arsenal, will ship to Salem, Oreg., directed to Colonel C. A. Reed, adjutant-general of Oregon, 400 muskets, percussion altered to Maynard primers, with appendages and accounterments, and 16,000 ball cartidges. The above arms will be receipted for by the Govenror of Oregon, or his authorized agent, and be considered as an issue on account of quotas due or to become due to the State of Oregon under the laws for arming the militia.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Act. Asst. Adjt. General

[Indorsement.]

This won't do. Telegraph to Alvord to stop it if not too late. Not to do so again.

G. W[RIGHT].

SPECIAL ORDERS, CAMP INDEPENDENCE, Numbers 12. Owen's River Valley, May 21, 1863.

I. Captain A. Brown, Company L, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, with his company, is hereby ordered to report at this post as soon as practicable.

