
II. Captain H. Noble, Company E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, with his company, is hereby ordered to report at this post as soon as practicable.

By order:

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Drum, Cal., May 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: I inlcose herewith letters - in relation to camels; private of the Second Cavalry at this post without authority; * and, for transmittal thgrough your headquarters to the Secretary of War, recommending this post be called Fort Drum. Better express the honor intended to the individual after whom it was named, and be in accordance with military phraseology. I trust it will receive the general's approval.

Colonel Forman is in Los Angeles visiting; I therefore send my papers direct.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS, Camp Drum, Cal., May 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific:

SIR: In regard to the employment of camels at this post I would respectfully state that inasmuch as they had been kept at this post for a long time on forage when in San Bernardino and various places within 100 miles of here they could have been subsisted without the expenditure of one cent for forage, previous to writing my letter dated April 23, 1863, I proposed to Captain Morris and advised him to write to Colonel Babbitt in regard to the employment of the camels in carrying the Mojave express. I would respectfully recommend that the camels now here, some thirty six, be immediately sent to Fort Mojave and placed under the exclusive control of Captain J. Ives Fitch, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Mojave, in whose judgment I have great reliance. This being a depot a large number of horses and mules here belonging to the Government, besides the large amount of stock belonging to the residents here and in this vicinity, there being very little here now and in a little time the plains for miles here will be perfectly bare. The Government employes here not being favorably disposed toward camesl, will, I think, be deemed a satisfactory explanation of the recommendation for a change to Mojave to promote the interests of the service. With a view to their service. With a view to their being sent there, I talked to Captain Fitch in regard to their treatment, care, and exercise to properly prepare them for successful service. Like any other animal they must be perfected by a through and systematic course of training and good care, to make quick time on long trips.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

