
All this Captain Fitch thoroughly understands and fully appreciates, and believes, as I do, that he can make them serviceable to the Government. My suggestions to Captain Fitch were to put the best camels at once on the express to Camp Drum from Mojave, and as soon as he got others broke and able to endure the fatigue to put Numbers 1 express on this end of the Yuma and replace them by set Numbers 2, and as soon as set Numbers 3 were broken in, replace Numbers 2 by Numbers 3, Numbers 1 by Numbers 2, and shove Numbers 1 toward Tuscon, and so on until the camels were all in service, the length of the trip toward Tuscon depending somewhat on the camels, some being much more powerful than others, and broken, which can be easily determined by their endurance from Mojave to Camp Drum, as reported by Captain Fitch; to have some energetic officer, whose conduct was characterized by sobriety and intergrity, between here and Tuscon to see that the camels were properly cared for, and are not abused. I have noticed that Government employes regard service with camels extremely unpleasant. In appearance camels are extremely ugly, in gait very rough, in herding inclined to wander, and with their long strides they make haste slowly, keeping their herders on the go; they offer no facilitaties for stealing. Their successful employment will require good judgment, energy, and constant care. Of their success, with proper care and training, I have no doubt. Captain Fitch will employ none of his company. I would respectfully recommend that Captain Fitch be furnished with all the information in the possession of the department in regard to care and service of camels and the service they have rendered in this country.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS, Camp Drum, Cal., My 21, 1863.

AS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I would very respectfully recommend for the consideration of the honorable Secretary of War, that the word fort the substituted for the word camp in the name of this post, making it Fort Drum, it being a permanent post with barracks, quarters, magazine, depot, &amp;c., to this coast what Fort Leavenworth and Fort Shelling are to those sections, and would be in accordance with the customs of our service and in military books and official reports distinguished from the temporary camps that frequently are near it, it being also in accordance with the usual military phraseology.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE OREGON,Numbers 53. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 23, 1863.

* * *

II. Companies D, G, and I, First Washington Territory Infantry, under the command of Major Lugenbeel, will leave this post for Fort

