
Boise on Monday, the 1st of June, going by water as far as Wallula. Captain C. Hopkins, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord;

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Camp Connor, Idaho Ter., May 23, 1863.

Pursuant to orders from district headquarters, a military post is hereby established at this point, to be known as Camp Connor. The reservation pertaining to this post is as follows: Commencing on the right bank of Bear River, on the east line of the town of Soda Springs, and thence running north 24 1\2 degrees east one mile; thence east degrees south one mile; thence south 24 1\2 degrees west one mile, more or less, to the right bank of Bear River; thence the meanderings of said river to the place of beginning.

By order:

D. BLACK,Captain, Third California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 126. San Francisco, Cal., May 23, 1863.

1. Major John M. O'Neill, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will without delay proceed to Camp Douglas, near Salt Lake, and report for duty to the commanding officer thereof. The quartermaster's department will furnish Major O'Neill transportation in kind from this city to Salt Lake.

2. Company C (West's), Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Camp Drum on the steamer leaving this port on Thursday next, the 28th instant. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation from Benicia to New San Pedro.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Drum, Cal., May 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters' Department of the Pacific:

SIR: The man employed by Colonel Forman, commander of this district, upon my recommendation (Mrs. C. T. Garvey) as a spy upon the movements of armed parties of secessionists in the country of San Bernardino, left here on the 9th instant with instructions from me to proceed immediately to San Bernardino and prospect thoroughly the surrounding mountains, particularly in the direction of Bear and Holcomb Valleys, the mountains in that section offering unusual facilities for the secretion and subsistence of these parties. Mr. Garvey arrived

