
at San Bernardion on the 10th, and learning that there was going to be a party given to Mr. Allen, the returned secession Representative, on the evening of the 11th, he proceeded to Warm Creek, to a reliable Union man there, and to other parts of the valley, procuring all the information he could in regard to the arrival numbers, directions usually taken by them, &amp;c. And from Doctors Dickey and Whitlock, in the town, he acquired much useful information. Returned to town the evening of the 11th, hoping to glean something useful to the Union cause when they should overcome their reticence under the influence of drinks, but nothing further was elicited than the usual expression of sympathy with Jeff. Davis and company, rejoicings over the boasted victories of rebel arms, boastings of rebel superiority, k and predictions of rebel success. He then proceeded to Mill Creek Canon, where he found rather a large fresh trail. Found up the canon about five miles a camp kept by four men, strangers, well armed. They were not disposed to be communicative; said they had a quartz lead they were working. From the horse signs would suppose there were at least twenty horses kept there. Good water, fine grass, trout in the strer in the mountains surrounding, rabbitts, and plenty of quail. He then traversed the mountains between Mill Creek Canon and the Mojave. In San Jacinto Valley there was a camp of seventeen men. They said they were going to the rendezvous on the Colorado, thence to Sonora. He arrived at Holcomb Valley on the 14th. Spent four days in prospecting Holcomb, and Bear and Little Bear Valleys, and the mountains surrounding them. About half way between Bear and Little Bear Valley (distance eighteen miles) there had recently been a large camp. Camp and stock signs were quite fresh. In and around Holcomb, and Bear Valleys there are over 100 Americans, and not twelve of them are Union men. As in 1861, in that whole section the secessionists hold secret meetings now. That they are effecting an organization was openly, publicly, and boastingly asserted. One of them remarked to Garvey that they were getting ready damned fast, and he did not care who knew it, and that they were well armed and perfectly able to succesffully resist any attempt to capture them. The latter was a common assertion, and they said if a small force is sent up there they would capture it. Mr. James Loring said he had been offered a good horse, with complete set of horse equipments, a revolver, and $50 in money to join the secessionists, by one of their number. On the 18th while pursuing his search to the southeast of Strawberry Valley he came on a party of seven men lounging around their camp, which was on a small mountain stream, with plenty of grass in the immediate vicinity of the camp. Party had plenty of arms. He rode up and remarked he supposed they were hunting. One of them asked if that was all he wanted, intimating that they could dispense with his conversation and company. Considering the remoteness and seclusion of the place, the personal appearance of the men composing the party, and the manner in which they were armed, he was inclined to believe they could very easily if they chose, dispense with him altogethng absence of body there was preferable to presence of mind, he continued his journeyings in the mountains, finding several places where recently there had been small camps. There being so large a range of mountains prevented more than a hasty visit to some of the places in the mountains where he thought most likely to meet with success. Encountered a terrific rain-storn on Monday night; continued Tuesday until Wednesday.

