
On Thursday, the 21st, he arrived in San BernardiNumbers There learned Lieutenant Wilson's horse had been found between White Earth River and Dos Palms by a party in pursuit of a band of stolen horses. It was estimated that one night at least $2,000 worth of stock-horses and mules-were stolen. All the horses from Waters' ranch were taken except two old mares. John Brown's mules and horses were stolen; Mr. Noble's horses; band of horses in charge of C. Fergusson, &amp;c., doing a wholesale business stealing, or as some of the traitors call it, "getting horses and mules for the asking. " The Union men are very much armed for the safety of their lives and property, and ae anxiously looking to the military for protection. The Jews there are this time bandly frightened. They look upon their ill-gotten gains as in imminent peril, and likely never to aid in embellishing Jerusalem. Up to the 16th instant signal fires have been kept burning nightly on the high peak of the mountains near the head of Mill Creek. That night it was changed to the northwest of town, near the headquarters of Lytle Creek, and that night men were passing through on horseback and going in that direction. By the Union men under arms on guard it was estimated at least fifty passed, variously estimated. One of the secessionists said when all got down from Tulare and other parts above there would be over 400 well-mounted, effective men, well armed (he was a friend of Doctor Whitlock, to whom he was under obligation for valuable professional services, and advised Doctor Whitlock and Doctor Dickey to leave the county and stay away). Captain Hunningan confided in a friend who told Garvey. Hanningan had just returned from the Colorado River, where he had an organized, well-armed company about fifteen miles below La Paz, back from the river in a valley where there was plenty of grass and water, and there the stock would be taken. There are strangers arriving, men well armed, every few days in parties from three to ten, going, nobody knows where; that is, nobody about the town in favor of law, order, and supporters of the national authority. The leading secessionists in Holcomb Valley are Sam. Kelly, John Roberts, Potts, Sattewait, Manns, Keys, and Kentuck. In San Bernardino, Sam. Kelsey, three sons, Chriswell, two sons, Hannigan, William Shay, Sandy Kier, Stout, and a number of others. They do all their business at night. There is a trail crossing the Santa Ana near Agua Mansa, by which they cross the valley from the Cajon Pass to the mountains east of Tumecula. Camping in small parties and changing camp, traveling at night invariable, prevented any accuracy in arriving at their number. Mr. G[arvey], thinks from the character, birthplace, rabid expression of Southern sentiment, that the principal part of the men in the mines could be enlisted with those now organizing, besides a number in San Bernardino Valley. I recommended Mr. Garvey to Colonel Forman because I have known him for the past six years. He was recently in the employ of the Government under Captain Davis, at Mesilla, as wagon-master. In the troubles in 1861 in San Bernardino he was one of the few faithful to the Union openly, and took his turn standing guard, expressing his readiness to fight whenever it became necessary. He was thoroughly covnersat with the mountains in that region, and there was no man that would have been as competent and able here. I accordingly solicited him to go, in order to get some idea of the state of affairs there to correctly inform the general, and the smallf force here, the distance of Camp Drum from the depots, the amount of stores for Camp Indepedence in Mr. Banning's warehouse, the large numbers of Government horses and mules here, made it

