
a matter of necessity to learn without delay the numbers and objects of this party for the protection and preservation of the Government property here. It will be seen by reference to my letters of 1861 that then, as now, Sam. Kelsey, Sam. Kelly, and some few others played a conspicuous part. Chriswell was a bitter secessions, adn for his treasonable proclivities he was confined in Fort Yuma. He is vindictive now, promising to kill every man who was instrumental in his arrest. Now, they know who are Union men, and consequently it is difficult to find out their plots and plans. Besides these active secessionists, there is a kind of lukewarm set who aid the more rabid with provisions and feed for their horses, and thus contribute their mite to the good works. There are but two parties in our country-those who are the friends and supporters of the national Government, the others its enemies, plotting and contriving, aiding and abetting for the destruction of the best Government on this globe. Every one of the latter should be made to take the oath of allegiance and keep it, or be banished from the country. They should not be permitted to live protected by laws they are attempting to destroy, under a Government they openly profess enmity for. I have put this down hurriedly, to have it in time for the mail.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First California Volunteers, Cavalry, Commanding.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 9. Tuscon, Ariz, Ter., May 25, 1863.

The undersigned hereby relinquishes command of this post to Captain William Ffrench, Fifthe Infantry California Volunteers.

D. FERGUSSON,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 26, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washigton, D. C.:

GENERAL: Quiet prevails throughout ths department. The loyal masses of patriotic citizens on this coast have banded together and pledged themselves to sustain the Government in every effort to crush the rebellion and maintain the Union. Recruiting for the new forces in this State has not proggressed very rapidly, owing to various local causes; but were are getting superior class of men, and should danger a vast number of patriotic men would rush to out standard. In sending the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers to the District of Southern California I retained two of the companies at Benica Barracks for temporary duty, until the Sixth Infnantry, under Colonel Black, should be so far advanced in its organization as to be able to protect the U. S. arsenal and depot.

I have now ordered those companies of the Fourth Infantry to the southern district, where the disloyal element far exceeds that in any other section of this State. During the last year I had occasion to request the postal agent on this coast to forbid the transmission through the U. S. mails and express officers of certain newspapers- traitors and disloyal sheets, constantly denouncing the Government

