
and all its acts, and tending to discourage enlistments, and give and and comfort to rebels. The result was beneficial, and not long since I desired the agent to remove the restrictions imposed on the circulation of those papers. At the suggestion of the postmaster of this city I have desired him to exclude from mail and express facilities a paper styled the New York Weekly Caucasian, of the same character as those above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 127. San Francisco, Cal., May 26, 1863.

1. Company E (Hillyer's), Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, and such of the enlisted men and laudresses of the same regiment as may be at Benicia Barracks will be sent to this city on Wednesday night preparatory to sailing for Camp Drum on the steamer Senator. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation from Benicia to San Pedro, Cal.

2. Company K (Johnson's), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will be sent to this city on Wednesday night (27th instant), whence it will proceed to Camp Drum on the steamer Senator. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation from Stockhton to San Pedro, Cal.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, May 26, 1863.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Benicia, Cal.:

Both of the Fourth Infantry companies and all the enlisted men of that regiment at Benicia will do down on the Senator on Thursday morning. Have them in readiness to come down on Wednesdady night.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 26, 1863.

Colonel FERRRIS FORMAN,

Fourth Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist of Southern Cal.,

Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: The steamer leaving this port on the 28th instant carries re-enforcements to Camp Drum, consisting of Companies C and E, Fourth Infantry, and Johnson's company of First Cavalry. The first two will remain at Camp Drum, the latter, as soon as mounted and properly equipped, will be sent under Major Bennett to or in the vicinity of San Bernardino; the commander instructed to protect the Union element

