
and silence those opposed to our Government. The force operating in the valley of Owen's River will fro the present, or during the Indian disturbances, remain under the command of Captain McLaughlin, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, who will report directly to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Hart's Mill, Tex., May 26, 1863.

MY DEAR SIR: I have to acknowledge receipt of your favor of the 1st instant. Your letters of the 3rd and 4th instant addressed to General Carleton, with inclosures, have passed through my hands, been read, and their contents noted. Both yourself and the U. S. consult been Monterey have been misled as to there being any Texas troops at Fort Davis. My scouts have just returned, having been as far as Commanche Spring (Fort Stockton), passing through Fort Davis and back to Fort Quitman, on the Rio Grande. They report the road overgrown with weeds, and that no wagons or troops have passed over it since a small detachment of ours last December. The battalion of 300 or 400 men is a myth, and Skillman a crafty disseminator of reports to perplex us. Now, is there as little reliance to be placed upon the stories of the Texas getting supplies from Chihuahua? If they are taking any such, their route must srike the Rio Grande below the Presidio del Norte, and not tuch the old overland mail road this side of the Pecos. Mr. Acebo (perhaps you know him) denies that any trains have gone from Chihuahua with supplies for Texas. After our disappointment at not finding troops at Davis. Acebo's staty possesses some semblance of being true. From the assurances from you that the Texans were receiving supplies from Chichuahua, I expected confidently that they were meditating an advance in force upon this section of country. It appears now that this belief was groundless. I am well aware of the difficulties that beset your obtaining correct information; nevertheless, I must urge you to continue your efforts. Send what, after due consideration, you believe to be the true. It is better to err upon the side of precaution that to ignore all reports and suffer a surprise. Should the mail arrive before this opportunity closes, I shall endeavor to send you some late newspapers. Our cause, without any striking events, is stea.

I am, sir, with great regard, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORDER, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 10. Tucson, Ariz., Ter., May 26, 1863.

The undersigned hereby assumes command of this post.

WM. FEFENCH,

Captain, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers.

