
believe he was born and raised in the South and his sympathies are in that direction), came to Jege Boren and Doctor Dickey and told them that there was a large number armed men then encamped near San BernardiNumbers He had been in one of their camps. He asked one of the party keeping the cam if that was not a good horse. He said it was a short time ago; was one of the cavalry horses at Visalia, and said they had more of them. (Garvey saw one or two in Holcom Valley.) Thomas says the are well supplied with horses now-before they stole any in San Bernardino; that they are well supplied, well armed, and appear to have money. He says he knows their object is to plunder that country, and inside of three weeks there will be 400 men in that vicinity. The Chriswell bosy with a party left to go up the country to join a party - if the organization is effected- to operate up there simultaneously with these here. Direct from La Paz I learn that the detachment that went up from Yuma to Fort Mojave guarded the subsistence stores. On its return stopped at La Paz, and three of the men went to the town near by unamred. Edwards (took the oath of allegiance with the balance of that Showalteer party), a secession desperado who was confined at Yuma, one of the Showaleter party, as soon as he saw them coming, shot them, killing two of them instantly and the other is reported dangerous. It may be a false rumor; I am inclined to believe it. It is what they have sworn to do. The party is made up of renegades and desperadoes, from whom it would be folly to expect anything but evil. I was a member of a grand jury that indicated one of Chriswell's sons for attemptign to murder one of the California volunteers. Rhodes, ditto, and several indicments for felony. These men are back there now in the moutains. It would be a great gratification to have them brought to justice.

I would say, for the information of the general commandin, that in consequence of the frequent rains, the crops never have been better than in San Bernardino County. The barley crop is reported as unusually fine, and they will have a large yield per acre than for years past. Unusually large quantities of hay are being cut, and much that could be cut will not be. There will be large quantities of grapes and peaches. Cavalry can be subsisted there cheaper, I think, than elsewhere in the State. If it is desirable to send cavalry there, before the fact is made known I can proceed there and buy all the hay they will require at a very reasonable figure, also barley. All these valleys in the mountains aboud with grass and good water. The citizens have ceached their valuables - many of them. The insecurity of property is clearly demonstrated, being stolen in all directions. Infantry there can be nothing. Major Ketchum, Fourth Infantry, U. S. Army, said it was perfercet folly to try to do anything there without a mounted force. The seccessionists would charge up in the bushes near his camp, fire off their revolvers, and be off, and when he was made aware beyond a doubt of an armed force in the mountains within thirty miles of his camp, he said it was useles to go after them, as there was some one of their number on the lookout all the time, and before he had marched half way they would be in the saddle riding off at their leisure. They robbed Union men with impunity, and with infantry troops there will do it agains. They could protect the town at the expense of the poor people living around in the county. I wrote, on the 25th, a letter hurriendly, to have it go off by the mail if Colonel Forman was disposed and did not have time to copy it. Yesterday Captain Morris told me, in the

