
evening, that the colonel had not sent it, although he had spoken to him on the subject of its transmittal on the 25th and 26th, to which he in substance replied that I was easily stampeded, and the party were not going to do anything but steal, and he had rather fight them than feed them. If it came out of his pocket instead of Union men, who can ill afford to lose, it would be less objectionable. I regard it as the duty of all subordinates to give prompt and truthful information to the general concerning affairs in his department, to enable him by timely notice to promote the interests and welfare of the Government and its supporters.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First California Volunteer Cavalry, Commmanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Tuscon, Ariz. Ter., May 28, 18673.

Captain JOSEPH TUTTLE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Detachment Fifth Infantry California Vols.:

CAPTAIN: Having received information that a party of secessionists, numbering from fifteen to twenty men, are now en route from San Bernardino County, Cal., for Texas, having in their possession about forty head of animals (horses and mules) stolen in San Bernardino County, Cal., from James H. Waters, Brown, Moore, and others, citizens of that county, among which paty are three brothers named White, one Douglas, their guide, and one Wilson, and also the men who killed two U. S. volunteers soldiers at La Paz recently, you will proceed this evening with the utmost expedition to the town of Tubac, and take post there, for the purpose of capturing the above party and conducting them prisoners with the property to this post. A detachment of twenty men, consisting of one sergeant, one corporal, and eighteen privates, supplied with ten days' rations and fifty rounds of ammunition for each man, is hreby placed under your orders for the purpose. Jackson H. Martin, deputy sheriff of San Bernardino County, Cager, and a Mexican vaquero named Prefetto, will accompany you to aid in any manner you may require them. It is supposed that the party described will reach Tubac within a few days, and you will use every means in yuour power to capture them. Should you have reason to believe, on reliable information, that you can accomplish this by remaining longer than the time for which your detachment is rationed, you will communicate the fact to me, and send the team which accompanies you back, with a sufficient escort, to this post for subsistence. Should it be necessary or advisable to communicate with Lieutenant G. C. Smith, commanding the detachment at Patagonia Mine, to secure his co-operation at that point, you will do so, furnishing him with a copy of these instructions. Such citizens as Mr. J. H. Martin may engage as auxiliaries will proceed with you also. As you may have to be governed by circumstances which cannot be foreseen, I rely on you to exercise a sound judgment in the discharge of the duty required of you by these instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FFRENCH,

Captain, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

