
men, could subist them long enough to establish here a base of supplies that would enable them to hold this portion of the country or to advance farther north. It is a mistake to imagine that they have no money; they have cotton, which is better, and carry on an extensive traffic for supplies with Mexico. Some particulars about this trade are embodied in a letter of equal date with this.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 58. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 29, 1863.

I. The command of Colonel Maury will not, after taking the field, return to Fort Boise before the 1st of October, and will return to Fort Walla Walla about the 26th of October next, Company H, First Washington Territory Infantry, accompanying it.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 20, 1863.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

First Oregon, Cavalry, Commanding Expedition against the Snake Indians, Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter.:

COLONEL: You have received Special Orders, Numbers 56, from these headquarters, and will proceed by such route as you may select to the vicinity of the point likely to be chosen as the site of new Fort Boise. I suppose you will reach there about the same date as Major Lugenbeel, perhaps before. As soon as your expedition can be fitted out and joined by the two companies (H and I), of First Washington Territory Ifantry, you will proceed in the direction of Fort Hall by the road north of Snake River. The Snake Indians, by their numerous attacks for several years upon the whites, killing small parties of emigrants, men, women, and children, and stealing horses and cattle, deserve a severe castigation at our hands, and so far as your time, means, and opportunity extend, I desire you to administer to them such punishment. They merit it richly, and have begun to think they can commit their outrages with comparative impunity. Besides a whipping in battle, the recapture of the horses, mules, and stock they have stollen will be one of the severest lesssons which call be given them. The Nez Perce scouts you have with you will assist in the latter. I am satisfied that a thorough chastisement persevering pursuit of armed and hostile Indians in that country will be best security for the peace of the frontied in future. If Indians come into your possession, known and acknowledged to have been guilty of murdering the whites, your are hereby authorized to have them tried by military commission, and also to have them summarily punished if found guilty of such offenses. Captain Medorem Crawford, assistant quartermaster, who has

