
make arrangements, if possible, to secure some good guides; I understand that some such are to be found in Tuscon. Troops for this expedition may be furnished from your force and from here, but this point can be better determined when I learn of your being re-enforced by the new companies of your regiment. I should be pleased to have your views on the subject, but meantime leave you at perfect liberty to act, if you possess the ability to do so. The reports circulated by the vedettes of the suffering of the infantry en route from Tuscon to the Rio Grande by thirst were greatly exaggerated. All the companies have come through in fine shape, the well the Steen's Peak and the cienega at Burro Canon affording the necessary supply of water. Colonel Bowie, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, has not yet arrived. He should reach here by the 5th proximo.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Hart's Mill, Tex., May 30, 1863.

Colonel DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding, Tuscon:

COLONEL: The instructions in my letter to you of the 14th instant to place a company of cavalry on vedetted duty between Tuscon and Fort Yuma are countermanded. As it is desirable, however, to keep our communicate open with California, it is believed that the most economical way of sending your express to Fort Yuma will be private contract. You will accordingly at once make arrangements to that effect at as small an expense as possible, and report the terms to me for the approval of the department commander. Your attention is called to the remarks of the commanding general upon Captain Tidball's report of expenditures of ammunition, herewith inclosed. *

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., May 30, 1863.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander has this day directed in orders that Company G of your regiment will proceed to and take post at Benicia Barracks. He has also directed Major Curtis to accompany the movement as far as this city, where the latter will report for further orders. Forts Humbold and Gaston will for the present be occupied by their present garrisons. All the companies of your regiment should be prepared to move at the shortest notice, as it is the design of the general to concentrate the whole or greater part of it at Benicia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

