
that he would enter into some arrangement with Governor Nye, of Nevada Territory, relative to the control and management of the Piutes and Owen's River Indians, preventing their passing to and fro over the dividing line of California and Nevada Territory. The superintendent will probably extend his trip to your camp, when the general desires you to render him any assistance and give any information in your possession. Should the present disturbances be quieted, the general thinks a small post of one company at some post on Pine Creek, or in the neighborhood of Owen's Lake, where there is sufficient of timber and grass and water, would be ample protection to the inhabitans, and at the same time prevent outrages on the unoffending Indians. With the means at your disposal it is believed that huts to shelter the men and horses can be thrown up in a very short time. You will, therefore, give the necessary instructions to have provisions and forage for the company you may designate to garrison this point laid in previous to the rainy season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Ojo de la Vaca, Ariz. Ter., August 3, 1862.

Major DAVID FERGUSSON,

First Cavalry California Vols., Commanding at Tucson, Ariz. Ter.:

MAJOR: I approve of the release of John Bart on his parole of honor, he having given bonds of $5,000, to be forthcoming when called for. Your circular in relation to reports of persons in charge of vedette stations is approved. The detachment from Captain McCleave's company sent to the San Pedro to re-enforce Lieutenant Guirado will be sent to join that company as soon as the cattle have been driven from that point by the contractor toward the Rio Grande. The contract between Captain N. S. Davis, acting assistant quartermaster, and King S. Woolsey, for hay and mesquite beans, seems to be fair and just, and is approved. Your letter to Lieutenant R. S. Barrett, of July 26 is received. The sentence, "Salvation of the troops in this Territory," seems to be uncommonly forcible. Your Special Orders, Numbers 2, July 26, are approved. Send by the first opportunity 1,500 pounds of pemmican, which Captain Willis left at the San Pedro on the 26th of July, to Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, Chiricahua Mountains. I inclose a copy of General Orders, Numbers 12, establishing that post. * Its garrison will not vary much from 120 aggregate. You will cause it to be supplied with subsistence stores and such other necessary articles as may be required by the commanding officer of that post which you can spare from the depot at Tucson, or procure from Fort Yuma or San Francisco. Fort Bowie is included within the District of Eastern Arizona, and will doubtless be occupied by troops for many years, as it is one of the most important points for a military post in this Territory. Of course, during the present troubles no expenses can be incurred in building this post, except in the payment of the few extra-duty men whom the commanding officer of Fort Bowie may be obliged to employ. Major Coult will for the present protect himself by a field-work, but the troops there will be obliged to live under canvas for some time to come. I inclose for your information a letter# from Lieutenant Barrett, dated July 21, 1862. Send a good

---------------

*See July 27, p. 40.

#Not found.

---------------

