
of the post of Franklin, Tex. The commanding officer is charge with the protection and care of the public property at that camp.

II. Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will remove to Franklin, Tex., and be attached to the garrison of that post.

By order of Brigadier General Josehp R. West:

J. F. BENNETT,

Second Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 3, 1863.

Major THOMAS F. WRIGHT,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Benicia Barracks, Benicia, Cal.:

SIR: It has been represented to the commanding general by citizens of Solano County that the charge of disloyalty made against persons squatting on the Suscol Ranch is without foundation; that the military organization said to exist is not for the purpose of resisting the Federal or State authorities, but that upon the contrary they are good, law-abiding people, and devoted to the General Government. Agreeably to their request that an officer should be sent to inquire into difficulties existing in that country, the general desires you to investigate fully the whole matter so far as it relates to the Federal Government. With the civil courts and their action we have nothing to do, except to furnish upon requisition of the State authorities the necessary posse to enforce their mandates; and the latter is discretionary with the commanding general. You will, therefore, in making your investigation, exclude everything facilitate your operations if you consult Sheriff Neville and General Frisbie, of Vallejo. I inclose a list of persons known as squatters, who may possibly throw some light on the difficulties above alluded to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT VANCOUVER, WASH. TER., June 4, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

Shall I request the Government of Oregon to return the arms? I hope not. Your telegram of 30th is received.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 4, 1863.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have this morning received a telegram dated 30th of May, from the headquarters Department of the Pacific, as follows:

Copy of your indorsement on requisition for arms received. No arms or equipments will be issued to State militia. Say to Governor that detachment of recruits at Camp Baker must not be removed.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

