
I have just telegraphed General Wright in reply, " Shall I request the Governor of Oregon to return the arms? I hope not. " Accordingly I have to request that you will please direct you adjutant-general to delay issuing the arms forwarded on the 13th of May until I get a reply to my telegram. I have also to withdraw any assent I have verbally given to the order for the recruits to be sent from Camp Baker to this place to fill up Noble's company. I understand the above telegram simply on the part of General Wright to refuse his consent, for certainly by War Department General Orders, Numbers 75, of the 8th of July, 1862, you are intrusted with the entire question of the consolidation of incomplete companies, and by paragraph III the "exclusive control" is indicated to be placed in your hands prior to the companies being mustered into the service of the United States. I do not know whether it is in your power to countermand your orderrs in reference to the detachment at Camp Baker; if so, I desire that you will do so, as I feel bound to conform in good faith implicity to the order of the general commanding the department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 5, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of my letter to Captain Lyman Bissell, Ninth Infantry, commanding Camp Pickett, San Juan Island, Wash. Ter., dated on the 9th of March, 1863,* and also Captain Bissell's reply under date of April 16, 1863. + So long as the question of ownership of the island remains unsettled, the arrangements made between Lieutenant-General Scott and Governor Douglas will be enforced. I have directed that the civil authorities be permitted to exercise their appropriate functions over that portion of the island under military jurisdiction, and that all persons violating any of the arrangements agreed to by Lieutenant-General Scott for a joint occupation of the island be forthwith removed. I am happy to say that the most cordial feeling and good feeling and good understanding exists between the American and British commanders on the island.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 5, 1863.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander desires me to inform you that as fast as the companies composing the Mountainer Battalion are mustered into service, you will take charge of and assign them as the

---------------

* See p. 343.

+ See p. 402.

---------------

