
exigencies of the service in your district may demand. The first two companies mustered in should be sent to Camp Wright (Round Valley) and Fort Gaston. The general desires you to select from this battalion a sufficient number of experienced packers, who will be placed on special duty in the quartermasters' department. Since writing the above the general has determined to send the company raising at Ukiah to Camp Wright.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 40. Fort Humboldt, Cal., June 5, 1863.

I. On being relieved by Company A, Battalion of Mountaineeers, California Volunteers, Captain H. Flynn, with his company (A), Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Fort Humboldt and report to the commander of the district.

* * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

CHAS. H. BARTH,First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., June 6, 1863.

Captain M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Independence, Owen's River Valley, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander has read with interest and satisfaction your report of operations in the Owen's River Valley, and desires me to express his admiration of the energy, perseverance, and good conduct displayed by yourself and your command throughout the whole campaign. Mr. Wentworth, superintendent of Indian affairs for the southern district, has been requested to make immediate provision for the Indians who have come in, and if possible locate them where there will be few inducements to meddle with the whites.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, June 6, 1863.

[General ALVORD:]

GENERAL: On my return from Salm last night I received your letter of the 4th instant. From it I learned that General Wright will not allow arms to be issued to our State militia and "that detachment of recruits at Camp Baker must not be removed. " I regret the former very much and am surprised at the latter. Our State militia cannot be organized unless arms are so furnished. I have traveled over a considerable portion of the State lately and signs of danger gather around us. A few more reverses East will involve us in war here. I wish to

