
prepare for the worst, as far as it is in my power, and as there are arms at Fort Vancouver not likely to be used otherwised, I was in hopes of getting them to be placed in the hands of organized Union men, until danger is past. As to removal of "recruits" from Camp Baker, I understood that under General Orders, Numbers 75, "men may be transferred to some other company" by me, and that "until regiment are organized and their muster-rolls completed they will be under are exclusive control of the Governors of the States. " Accordingly on the 25th ultimo, being satisfied that Lieutenant Hand could not recruit a full company in Southern Oregon, I ordered him with his recruits to Fort Vancouver, to join Lieutenant John F. Noble's company of unorganized recruits (now nearly full). Last night I received a letter from Lieutenant Hand, dated Jacksonville, June 2, 1863, stating that on the 3rd he will start from Camp Baker with his men for Fort Vancouver, in accordance with my order of the 25th ultimo. It is now too late to countermand that order, as he is now doubtless on his way. Had I received General Wright's telegram in time, I would have suspended the order until I could confer fully with him. If you think best you can send a copy of this letter to General Wright.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

CAMP DOUGLAS, June 7, 1863-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Just returned from Bridger. Made treaty with 650 Snake Indians. They delivered 150 stolen horses to me.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF The PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 8, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Under the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 86, of April 2, from the War Department, I have sent instructions to the regimental commanders in this department to forward to my headquarters copies of their latest regimental returns: and hereafter to send to department headquarters copies at the same time such returns are sent to you office. When the returns are received, I shall proceed at once to make the required consolidation. It is probable that most, if not all, of the infantry regiments are now reduced below the minimum, and some of them to one-half the maximum number prescribed by law. It will be recollected that when these volunteer regiments were called out the greatest expedition was used, and the companies and officers were mustered in with a minimum organization, and hurried off to remote stations to relieve the regular troops then under orders for the East; and thus far, although numerically small, they have done good service. If regiments or even battalions could be brought together, a consolidation and reduction of the number of companies would be highly beneficial; but in this country, where we have so many remote points to occupy with one or two companies each, it is necessary to maintain as many organized companies as possible.

It has been extremely difficult, with the small force in this country, to meet all the calls for troops, and to meet emergencies. I have been

