
forced to muster in officer and men without waiting for complete organizations. This course will, I hope, receive the approval of the General-in-Chief and the War Department. It was absolutely necessary in this country, and has had the most happy results, in maintaining peace and quiet within our borders, by giving me promptly a small but reliable force, ably commanded and ready for any service. I am happy to say that this country is generally very quiet. Rumors are rife of secret organizations of disloyal persons, but no open demonstrations, except by individuals, have occurred. In Southern California the secession sympathizers are more numerous than in any other portion of the State, and I have deemed it prudent to send to that district the two companies of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, temporarily held at Benicia Barracks, and also one of the newly raised companies of the First Cavalry Californai Volunteers.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 3, 1863.

Course approved. General Wright will exercise his own judgment in regard to immediate consolidations, consulting the good of the public service.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 8, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: In obedience of the militia of this State, I wish you to intercede with the President and Secretary of War to have authority given to General Wright to issue arms and equippments to the organized militia. Our Legislature at its last session would have made an appropriation for this purpose if the Governor had not been notified that the General Government would furnish the arms necessary for our defense. The arms are here, but cannot be issued without further authority from Washington. The delay has caused great disappointment, and especially among those who were on the military committees of the Legislature, some of whom were members of our late camp of instruction, and are fully conscious of the importance of a well-organized militia in this distant portion of our country. You are aware that we have here a large number of rebellion sympathizers, and that we have a large foreign population ready to give allegiance to the strongest party, whatever that may be, and there is also a large immigration of at least doubtful character coming to this country across the plains, and to hold these elements in check the Union party must be organized. Last month I encamped ten days with over 700 of the officers and non-commissioned officers of the organized militia of the State, some of whom traveled eight days to reach the camp, and all of whom showed a degreee of zeal which, if properly encouraged, will produce a well-drilled and effective militia force in this State. Union leagues are forming throughout the State, and from these leagues I anticipate that we shall obtain the greater portion of our organized militia. I do not wish to have arms given to any company until both the Governor of the State and General Wright have positive proof of the unconditional loyalty of

