
every man in the company. And as a further safeguard each man will be required to take his gun and equipment home with him, as is the case now in this brigade, the armories being deemed unsafe. I have stated these facts that you may be enabled to answer any objective to this application, which is made at the request of several prominent persons who join with me in hoping to obtain the means of preserving peace in California.

With kind regards to yourself and family, I am ever, sincerely, yours,

L. H. ALLEN,

Major-General, California.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 136. San Francisco, Cal., June 8, 1863.

3. The company of mountaineers at Ukiah City will, after the completion of its organization, proceed to Fort Humboldt, District of Humboldt.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 6. Camp Drum, Cal., June 8, 1863.

As it has been officially reported to these headquarters by commanders of posts, and also through civil authorities, that armed bodies of men and organizations of a character disloyal to our Government are formed and being formed in various parts of this district, and loyal soldiers being ruthlessly shot down and murdered in the public streets of La Paz by a member of one of these bands without cause or provocation other than loyalty, the colonel commanding being satisfied of the facts, it is ordered that all military commanders of posts in this district use their utmost and speedy exertions to find out and break up these traitorous bands and organizations. All Union citizens are requested to give such information and aid to the commanding officer of the nearest military post where such bands and organizations are known, and act in co-operation with the military authorities bringing the traitors to speedy justice.

By order of Colonel F. Forman:

WM. FORRY,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: It is the desire of the department commander that Major Lugengeel should remain in command of the forces being sent to Fort Boise until the constructions of the post is completed or in readiness for occupation. The headquarters of the cavalry will not be established there until its return from the emigrant route, late in the fall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

