HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 9, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The active and energetic campaigns which have been made against the Indians in the Owen's River Valley, Cal., and in the District of Utah during the past winter and spring have had the most happy results in bringing those Indians to sue for peace. A very large number of Indians have been killed, and the great mass of the survivors have laid down their arms and met the commanders in those district in council. General Connor returned to Camp Douglas, Salt Lake, on the 7th instant, from Fort Bridger, where he had made a treaty with 650 Snake Indians, who delivered to him 150 stolen horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 9, 1863.

Major C. S. DREW,

Oregon Cav., Commanding Camp Baker, near Jacksonville, Oreg.:

SIR: The estimates submitted by you for the construction of the new post on Klamath Lakes have been approved by the general commanding the department. The post you are directed to build will be considered a permanent one and of sufficient size to garrison comfortably two companies of cavalry. In its construction the general enjoins the most rigid economy consistent with the comfort and convenience of the troops composing its garrison. The troops in other portions of the department contiguos to the country in which this post is to be built will be so disposed as to give the necessary protection without having to call upon any part of your force to quell disturbances that may spring up during the present summer. It will not, therefore, be necessary for you to send out any detachment unless the case is one of pecular emergency. The general desires you to devote your whole energecies to the erection of the post, using as many of the enlisted men of your command as can be made useful and be spared from other duties. Such number of mechanics as may be deemed necessary for the speedy construction of the work will be hired, to be discharged as soon as their services can possibly be dispensed with.

Very respectflly, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 1st ultimo, in relation to the enlistmentt of men for the Regular Army and the disposition made of the Ninth U. S. Infantry, also recommending that authority be given to raise one or two batteries of light artillery, I am directed by the General-in-Chief to inform you that it is not deemed expedient to organize them from the Ninth Infantry, but that it is preferable to authorize the raising of volunteer batteries, if some of the companies of the Third

