
Artillery, of which there are now three on the Pacific Coast, cannot he mounted. This is thought to be the proper plan, and the infantry companies should be put in garrison where they can easily learn to manage the fixed batteries.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 21. San Francisco, Cal., June 10, 1863.

I. The anniversary of a day rendered memorable in the annals of the American Revolution will forever be held in proud remembrance by the people of the United States.

On the 17th day of June, 1775, was fought the battle of Bunker Hill, a day consecrated to freedom and independence and cemented by the best blood of the land. There fell the noble-hearted Warren, who, when enteared not to expose himself to certain death, replied, "It is pleasant and becoming to die for one's country. " Such hereic conduct and such thrilling words should be engraven on the hearts of all true patriots.

II. On the 17th of the present month, the anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hills, a salute of thirteen guns will be fired at sunrise and national salutes at meridian and sunset from the forts in the harbor of San Francisco.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Salt Lake City, Utah, Ter., June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 8th ultimor was duly received while en route to Snake River. I acted upon your suggestion and posted a company of infantry at Soda Springs, Big Bend of Bear River, in Idaho Territory, and a detachment of ten men on Snake River at a new ferry lately established, about sixty miles above Fort Hall. While at the lower ferry, in the vicinity, of Fort Hall, I met about 200 Snake Indians, with whom I had a talk. They are friendly, and will remain so. Those also in the vicinity of and on the road to Bannock City are friendly. I had a talk with 700 Snake Indians at Fort Bridger last week. They say are tired of fighting and want to be at peace. They gave me up 150 horses and mules which they had stolen. The fight of last winter is telling on them. There are two small bands at large yet, who are hostile. They number about 100 men. Troops are now in pursuit of them, and I hope soon to destroy them. I have no fears for the safety of the emigration to the Bannock Mines. How it will be to the Boise Mines I am unable to say. I will, as you have suggested, take care of the emigration on the south side of Snake River as far west as longitude 114. The Ute Indians, with whom Colonel Evans had a light at Spanish Fork this spring, have sent word that they desire to make peace with me. On the whole, I consider the Indian troubles in my district very near at an end.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

