
share of the dried apples named therein to Fort Bowie; also 100 of the bedsacks. I have to-day written to Colonel Bowie and requested him to order Captain Thayer's company, of the Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to report to you at Tucson. During the time which elapses until its arrival at your headquarters I desire that Captain Davis, acting assistant quartermaster, get ready as many of the unserviceable wagons as possible, after having sent Allen's supply train to Fort Yuma, and working in these wagons the 200 poor and weak mules which I spoke of sending to San Pedro, Cal. I wish the captain to come on with this train to Mesilla, bringing with him as much subsistence stores as the mules can well haul. You will order Greene's company to escort this train through. From what I learn of the means of transportation in New Mexico these mules and harness will be greatly needed there. Send to Lieutenant Hammond, regimental quartermaster First Infantry California Volunteers, the proportion of all clothing now at Tucson, or which may arrive there before Captain Davis leaves, with this train for Mesilla, which the troops in advance should have, when you consider their numbers with reference to the numbers of those who remain behind. It was supposed that to an experienced soldier like yourself paragraph 5 of General Orders, Numbers 10, was sufficiently clear; that you would send on such of the articles named as you might have on hand and such of the articles not named as are in customary use and which in your judgment would be necessary, provided you had them in store. I inclose herewith a tri-monthly statement of subsistence stores at Fort Yuma and at the mouth of the Colorado River and to arrive at the mouth of the river. It is dated July 20, 1862. Please send forward at the earliest practicable moment a good supply of bacon, hams, coffee, sugar (brown), sugar (crushed), lime juice, sperm candles, whisky, tea, molasses, dried apples, desiccated vegetables, compressed potatoes, and pickles, at least the proportion due the troops in advance, having reference to their strength. If, hereafter, Lieutenant Barrett should make these reports to you, send me authenticated copies of them. I regret that your duties are so onerous. I will relieve you from them as soon as possible.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

NOTE. -I herewith inclose, approved, your contract with Mr. Ammi M. White, dated July 24, 1862.
HDQRS. THIRD INFANTRY CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS,Camp 16, Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., August 3, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post with my command. The men are in excellent health and spirits and have stood the trip remarkably well. The animals are all in good order, as I made it my particular duty to attend to their being well taken care of, and embraced every opportunity that was afforded to obtain good forage. The roads were, with little exception, in good order, and I am myself much pleased with the result so far. I find since entering this Territory that there are many sympathizers with the Southern rebels along our entire route; but while they are loud-mouthed brawlers before our arrival, are very careful in the expressions of such sentiments during

