
Flynn's (A), and Captain Morton's (K). The only mountanieer companies whose organization is complete are Captain Long's company (A) and Captain Ousley's company (B). They have both taken the field, and are by this time scattered as individual hunters over the mountains and through the forest. Captain Ousley's company's beat being the nearest to Fort Gaston, I have sent orders to have it conlected together and proceed to that post. The other company (Captain Long's) has relieved Captain Flynn's company at Fort Baker, they having found that post to be the most suitable base for their scouting operations. It will be impracticable to send that company to Round Valley at present for want of transportation. Lieutenant Schindler, regimental quartermaster, reports that our own train will be occupied for several weeks in transporting supplies to Fort Gaston and in the removal of companies; that the only train that can be hired is now out on a trip and not expected back for seven days. Allowing four days for the train to rest and four more to reach Fort Baker, the company cannot commence its march under fifteen days, by which time another steamer will have arrived from San Francisco, bringing perhaps other instructions from your headquarters. I would strongly recommend that neither Company A nor B, for the Mountanieer Batatlion, be removed from this part of the district, it being the only portion with which they are all individually familiar. The expense of sending them to Round Valley from where they now are would also be very heavy-some $2,000, Lieutenant Schindler reports. The Mendocin company of mountanieers, now being mustered in at Ukiah, is said to be nearly full. As that company is in the neighborhood of Round Valley and Fort Bragg, it would be a great saving of time and expense to use that company for those two posts. The Weaverville company numbers thirty-one men, who are in camp near Eureka, about two miles from this post. It is uncertain when the company will be full. I have written to the mustering officer said to be at Ukiah, requesting to be informed when the company there will be completely organized and as to whether any special arrangements have been made in respect to their arms, clothing, and supplies. If I receive no further instructions by the next steamer with respect to sending mountaineers to Round Valley and Fort Bragg, I will be ready to execute the instructions already received without further delay.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt MIl. Dist.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Dalles, Oreg., June 12, 1863.

General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: Whilst remaining here this evening I take the opportunity of writing a few lines to give you information of our ultimate success in negotiating with the Nez Perces. We have succeeded beyond the most sanguine hopes of those who desired our success, and to the disappointment of others who were working to defeat us, having secured the relinquishment of about nine-tenths of the lands formerly held by them, and upon such terms are cannot fail to be satisfactory. As soon as possible after I reach home I will give you more particulars. In the meantime you will be able, through some of the papers, to procure a copy of the treaty, as it will be published in the Golden Age

