
and very probably in some of the Portland papers. Mr. Hutchins co-operated with us after finding it was useless to do otherwise. Colonel Maury intends leaving Fort Lapwai for Boise to-morrow.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. H. HALE,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Washington Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 13, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a communication addressed to my headquarters by Brigadier General B. Alvord, commanding the District of Oregon, dated on the 28th of May, 1863, * with four additional inclosures, to wit: (1), Brigadier-General Alvord to department headquarters, May 7, 1863; * (2) Governor of Oregon to Brigadier-General Alvord, May 10, 1863; * (3) Brigadier-General Alvord's orders to military store-keeper, May 13, 1863; (4) Brigadier-General ALvord to department headquarters, May 26 [21],* 1863. As soon as I was advised that the Governor of Oregon had made a requisition on General Alvord for arms for the Oregon militia I ordered my adjutant-general to write to him on the 20th of May, and subsequently, on the 25th of May, to telegraph that arms could not be supplied to Oregon militia. It appears, however, that previous to the receipt of my instructions, General Alvord, deeming that the exigencies of the case demanded it, had ordered the military store-keeper at the Vancouver Arsenal to issue the arms. The communications from General Alvord will fully explain the reasons for his action in the case without waiting for my decision. Under the condition of affairs in Oregon as represented by the Governor and General Alvord, I have not ordered the arms to be returned, and would most respectfully ask the approval of the Secretary of War. With regard to General Alvord's letter of May 7, referring to the conversation between Mr. May, the Secretary of State, and myselft, I can onlty say that Mr. May entirely misapprehended me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 13, 1863.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of the State of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: Under the act of Conress approved March 3, 1863, I have to request that no more officers be appointed in the regiments of Oregon volunteers serving in this department until I shall inform Your Excellency of the necessity.

"SECTION 20. And be it further enacted, That whenver a regiment is reduced below the minimum number allowed by law, no officers shall be appointed in such regiments beyond those necessary for the command of such reduced number. "

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See pp. 462, 428, 429, and 449, respectively.

---------------

