HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 14, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have to report the departure from Campa Union, Sacramento, on the 10th instant, of two companies of Third Infantry California Volunteers and a detachment of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers for Salt Lake, Utah, the whole under command of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Moore, Third Infantry. I sent with this command two brass 6-pounder guns, one 12-pounder howitzer, and one 12-pounder mountain howitzer. I inspected the command previous to its marching and found it in admirable order and well prepared to move rapidly along the overland mail line to its destination. The Indian hostilities in the Owen's River Valley, Tulare County, have terminated. All the Indians in that quarter-probably about 1,000- I have taken to the Tejon Reservation, where the superintendent of Indian affairs will take charge of them.

The company of the Second Cavalry lately with the troops in Owen's River Valley has returned to Fort Churchill, and will immediately be put on the march for Salt Lake. One of the companies called for from Nevada Territory is ready to be mustered in, and will be promptly advanced on the mail line. The command for Fort Boise left Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., on the 1st instant, under the command of Major P. Lugenbeel, U. S. Army, proceedin as far as old Fort Walla Walla by steam, which point would be reached on the 3d, and thence by land to Boise. The command at Jacksonville, Oreg., is nearly ready to move under Lieutenant-Colonel Drew, of the Oregon cavalry, to establish a post at the Klamath Lakes. I have ordered the post to be built for two companies of cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 14, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have received a letter from C. H. Hale, esq., superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington Territory, stating that a treaty was signed (I suppose on the 9th instant) with the Nex Perece Indians, by which they cede, he says, nine-tenths of the old reservation, leaving to the tribe the arable lands (about 1,300 square miles) in the vicinity of the Lapwal Agency. The establishment of the military post at Fort Lapwai last October has in a very material sense paved the way for the conclusion of this treaty by evincing to the Indians a determination, so far as practicable, to protect them aggression. Confidence has been built up, or rather restored. I do not think any treaty could have been made with them last fall. The close contact with the whites, which must still remain, will render very difficult and onerous the protection of the tribe from the horders of miners who will have a right of transit through their country. This delicate duty will devolve on Maja. S. Truax, First Oregon Cavalry, the new commanding officer at Fort Lapwai. The presence of six companies of troops at Fort Lapwai during the council

