
has been very salutary. The surrounding tribes, formerly hostile, had their dupatations spectators of the scene. The Palouses were there, anxious for a failure and for a row, and would have been hugely delighted if the Nez Perces, always with the whites in former wars, could be seduced into a diffuculty. Some of them insuited the commissioners. Colonel Steinberger very properly sent a company of cavalry to drive off the Palouses and order them to return to their own country. Colonel Maury will now be able to start for Fort Boise, and has probably left to-day. I forwarded to you a few days since, for the information of General Wright, a copy of my instructions to Colonel Maury for this operations this summer and fall, and also a copy of my instructions to Major Lugenbeel. At last date from the latter officer he was, on the 8th, about starting with his command and train from the Walla Walla Valley. I also inclose to you to-day a copy of further instructions of the 30th of May, given to both of these officers, concerning an independent company of rangers which had been organized, and ostensibly operating for defense of the miners against Indians in the Boise country since February last. I expect it to disperse on the arrival of the troops.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 30, 1863.

Bvt. Major P. LUGENBEEL, U. S. Army,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding Boise Expedition,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: It is hoped and expected that the company of Independent Rangers under Captain Standifer, which was at last dates operating against the Indians beyond Fort Boise, will dispese on your arrival. I do not think that any forcible steps to accomplish this will be necessary, but at all eventes it cannot be permitted that any independent military operations be conducted after your arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

(Same to Colonel R. F. Maury, commanding expedition against the Snake Indians.)

CONCLUSION OF THE NEZ PERCES TREATY.

WEDNESDAY, June 10, 1863.

EDITOR OREGONIAN:

The treaty was finally concluded yesterday in the presence of a large number of spectators. There were several officers from the fort on the ground, most of whom attended the treaty when required by the "high contracting parties. " The boundary of the new reservation has been changed; its to commence three miles below the Lapwai; thence crossing the Cleawater and running down the north bank to the mouth of the Hatwai Creek; thence of the Clearwater seven miles from its mouth; thence along the north side of the South Fork, five miles from the bank,

