
until it crosses the North Fork of the South Fork; thence across the bridge on the Elk City road; thence westerly to the Waha Lake; thence northerly to the place of beginning. This will give them about 100 square miles more than was originally designed by the commissioners. The to total expense to the Government will net about $262,500. Of this sum $150,000 is to be expended in the fencing and plowing the twenty-acre lots, one of whch is to be assigned to each male Indian over the age of twenty-one years, or to the head of each family. The sum of $70,000 of this amount is to be expended the first year, $40,000 the second, $25,000 the third, adn $15,000 the fourth year. There are to be two churches erected, two school-houses, two saw and grist mills, a hospital, blacksmith's shop, and other buildings. The ninth article of the treaty provides that a parcel of land 250 yards square in the town of Lewiston is to be reserved to Dr. R. Newell for his children, he having rendered valuable services in times past to the Nez Perces. Some people at Lewiston dont's seem to fancy this, as it covers lots on which valuable improvements have been made. It is said that this donation to the doctor will be the cause of considerable litigation in the courts. The cost to the Government for negotiating this treaty will not exceed $30,000; the appropriation by Congress was $40,000. The disaffected bands refused to sign the documents. The reason assigned by Big Thunder, Eagle of the Light, and Cool-Cool-Selina were that the difficulties and disagreements between them and Lawyers' bands were of such a nature that it was quite out of the question for them to join in anything that that party did. They all gave assurances that they were on the best terms of friendship with the whites, and whites, and wished to continue so; they did not want any presents nor annuities, nor would they receive them. They approved of the action of the commissioners and also the treaty, but would not make themselves a party to it by signing it. They are very high-toned, dignified gentry, these Big Thunder, party are. The goods and presents were distributed partly yesterday, the balance to-day. The cost of these presents was about $10,000, and the female portion of the tribe seemed highly delighted with the fancy "ictas" that Commissioner Hale had brought for them. Immediately after the signing of the treaty an Indian chief, Reuben, who was a valuable improved farm about five miles from Lewiston, on the Clearwater, sold out a portion of his improvements to John Carleton and others for $2,000. The tract conveyed is for four quarter sections. The purchase money is to be paid in improvements on his twenty-acre allotments. Three companies of Oregon cavalry now at the fort have received orders to leave for Boise on Saturday next under command of Colonel Maury. Chief Lawyer before signing the treaty made a lengthy appeal to the commissioners, urging them to let the Government know their feelings in relation to the matter, and report the grievances they have suffered in consequence of th enonfulfillment of the stipulations of the Stevens-Palmer treaty. Several of the chiefs addressed the commissioners before signing. They all professed the most unalterable friendship to the whites and the Government. Lawyer and Captain John, two of the chiefs, leave to-morrow on a visit to Puget Sound in company with Commisioners Hale and Howe. The latter gentleman is the agent on the reservation in that district, having some 6,000 Indians under his parental and moral charge. Lawyer wants to go and try some of the Puget Sound "clams," having heard Don Scranton say so much about them. The dress parade did not come off, as the commissioners had to leave to-day on their way home.

LAWYER.

