HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 15, 1863.

C. H. HALE,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the reception of your lette of the 12th instant announcing the conclusion of a treaty with the Nez Perece Indians reducing their reservation. This I regard as a very auspicious event and subject of congratulation. You will remember that when you were here I suggested that the whites should under the new treaty be permitted to occupy at once up to the new boundaries, and that you should so inform the commanding officer at Fort Lapwai. I write now specially to inquire whether such an arrangement was made under the new treaty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lapwai, Wash. Ter., Wash. Ter.:

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the expedition of Colonel R. F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry, left this post at reville this morning. At the request of the colonel commanding the troops were detained here two days awaiting the arrival of fifty pack-saddles expected from Fort Dalles. They have not yet reached this post or Lewiston, and as with this exception the command has been ready to move for some days, I have thought it prudent not to protract its departure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 16, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: Captain E. S. Purdy, assistant adjutant-general volunteers, has reported at my headquarters for duty. I have placed him temporarily under instructon of my chief, Lieutenant-Colonel Drum, and after awhile I propose to send him to Brigadier-General Alvord in the District of Oregon. I hope you will not take from me Colonel Drum. Were the troops of my department concentrated I could get along with an inexperienced adjutant-general, but extended over thousands of miles, it is important that for the present I should have the services of an officer well acquainted with affairs in this country, more especialy in the present condition of the country.

With much regard, yours, very truly,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 16, 1863.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of the State of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: When I addressed you on the 1st instant, I was under the impression that the recruits at Jacksonville had been enlisted by

