
an officer of Colonel Drew's command, and hence, with a view to complete the organization of one of the companies of the Oregon cavalry at that place, I wished to keep these recruits there. In the original instructions from the War Department the appointment of the officers and organization of the regiment of Oregon cavalry was not confided to your predecessor in office, but when it was determined to complete the regiment to twelve companies, to make the call upon Your Excellency in the usual way. Owing to the difficulties we have had in raising volunteers on this coast, I have afforded the Governors all the aid in my power in organizing the companies, whereas in the East we should have had nothing to do with them until they were mustered in. I beg that Your Excellency will not for a moment suppose that I desire to interfere with your appropriate duties. It is of great importance that another company should be stationed in Southern Oregon, and I trust that Your Excellency may be pleased to designate the officers suitable for raising it.

General Alvord has submitted to me his reasons for issuing to Your Excellency a certain quantity of small-arms for the militia of the State of Oregon. I had previously received instructions from the Secretary of War not to issue arms to the militia, and I caused General Alvord to be so written to as soon as I learned that a requisition had been made on him, but it appears that for reasons deemed sufficient General Alvord has issued the arms without waiting for my answer. I have now submitted the letters, both of Your Excellency and General Alvord to the Secretary of War, with the request that the issue be approved, as I deemed it very proper under the circumstances of the case.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 17, 1863.

(Received 11. 18 p. m.)

Honorable W. H. SEWARD:

Honorable Robert H. Pruyn sends me the following to be transmitted to you by telegraph:

Englan and France have offered to assist the Tysco against the hostile Siamese. The offer will probably be declined. Coercive measures will follow. Wyoming is here.

F. F. LOW,

Collector.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTICT OF OREGON, Numbers 67. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 17, 1863.

I. Company B, First Oregon Cavalry, under the command of Captain R. S. Caldwell, will repair from Fort Lapwai to Fort Dallas, and encamp on reaching the latter point on Three-Mile Creek, at the first eligible point on it where fuel is easily obtained. Captain Caldwell on reaching Fort Dalles will repair in person to these headquarters.

II. Company B after its arrival at Fort Dalles will be ordered to repair to the vicinity of Canyon City, Oreg., to protect the miners against the Snake Indians.

* * *

IV. Colonel J. Steinberger, First Washington Territory Infantry, with his regimental staff, will return to Fort Walla Walla and resume the

