
our stay at any point. Still, they are known and can be identified as open and avowed secessionists. I have not as yet taken any steps to check them by arrest and punishment, but await further instructions from headquarters. I desire and shall remain here only sufficient time to overland and repair the wagons and harness and allow the animals to recruit, when, unless I receive orders to the contrary, shall take my departure for Salt Lake City or its vicinity. From the information I have received there is an immense immigration on the route this season, and I fear I will find grass rather scarce, consequently I contemplate dividing my command at this point, to reunite at Ruby Valley. Colonel Sims has not yet arrived, nor have I heard from him. I find that matters at this post are being conducted with care and economy, for which Major McDermit deserves favorable mention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 4, 1862.

Bvt. Major GEORGE P. ANDREWS,

Third Artillery, U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Point, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander desires you to make such changes or modifications in the instructions contained in a letter from these headquarters relative to the protection of the Government work and property at Fort Point as you may deem necessary for the public interest. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., August 4, 1862.

To all whom it may concern:

The following extract from the proclamation dated the 8th day of June, 1862, placing this Territory under martial law, is republished for the information and guidance of all concerned, viz:

I. No man who has arrived at the lawful age shall be permitted to reside within this Territory who does not without delay subscribe to the oath of allegiance to the United States.

II. No words or acts calculated to impair that veneration which all good patriots should feel for our country and Government will be tolerated within this Territory, or go unpunished if sufficient proof can be had of them.

III. No man who does not pursue some lawful calling or have some legitimate means of support shall be permitted to remain in the Territory.

The foregoing rules will be rigidly enforced, and if is hereby made the duty of every officer and soldier in this command, and of every good citizen, to report any violation of the said rules to the provost-marshal, who will immediately arrest all offenders. The following class of persons are declared to be vagrants, and shall be arrested and punished as violators of the third rule avove quoted, viz:

First. All persons who have no visible and honest means of support or live without occupation.

---------------

*Some purely personal matter here omitted.

---------------

4 R R-VOL L, PT II

