HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Hart's Mill, Tex., June 21, 1863.

Major WILLIAM McCLEAVE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Fort West:

MAJOR: Within the past week a band of Indians attacked a small party of New Mexico Volunteers on the Jornada, killing Lieutenant Bargie, mutilating his body, and carrying off his head as trophy. At the same time the mail rider from Fort Craig was killed and the mail destroyed. Captain Fritz, who was sent in pursuit of the Indians, found that they had fled to the western side of the Rio Grande, passing the river at San Diego Crossing, when the trail so divided as to make it inexpedient to follow them with the means at his command. He found evidences of their having been encamped for some two weeks at that point, boubtless watching for an opportunity to commit depredations. Captain Fritz reports the party to have numbered about fifty, and that they were Miembres River Indians. Of this there can hardly be any doubt. This band of Miembres River Indians must be exterminated to a man. At the earliest possible moment that the condition of your command will admit of it you will undertake this duty. Use every available man of your force; take rations sufficient for a campaign against them if necessary. Scour every foot of ground and beat up all their haunts. Do not hesitate to go yourself in person to conduct the affair, should you deem that your presence will contribute to the desired result. Leave only a sufficient force to protect the stores at your post. If you desire to co-operation of a force from the river, let me know and you shall have it. In this event inform me what troops (infantry, as I have no cavalry) you want, and where you wish them sent. Your guides can give you a better idea than I can form of a plan of operations. To carry it out, ask for anything you need, and everything that can be will be placed at your disposal. Detain Expressman Jones, or the messengers who bring this dispatch, until you have determined upon some definite plan of action, and then let me know what it is.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Lapwai, Wash. Ter., June 23, 1863.

The undersigned, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 67, headquarters District of Oregon, hereby relinquishes command of this post to Major S. Truax, First Oregon Cavalry Volunteers.

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 151. San Francisco, Cal., June 24, 1863.

4. Major Clarence E. Bennett, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will, with as little delay as practicabl, proceed to and assume command of Fort Yuma. Special instructions will be sent Major Bennett from this office.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

