
been the grateful recipient, would arrogate to him that his opinion had any right to any consideration outside of the military routine which he is engaged.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Great Salt Lake City, Utah, Ter., June 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In view of the isolated condition of this district and the tardiness with which re-enforcements reach me, considering the advance already made in the season during which it is possible for troops to reach these headquarters, I deem it my duty no longer to delay presenting most respectfully the following statements for the information of the President of the United States, through the commanding general, relative to affairs in this Territory. In former communications the construction of Utah society and its peculiar polity, partaking of all the characteristics of the old patriarchal governments and the worst features of a fanatical and unlimitated despotism, have perhaps been sufficienty set forth. I may be permitted, however, to add that the authority of the Church is her recognized as supreme- above and beyond constitutions, laws, or regulations of the civil authorities. Not merely is the Church government here, as compared with the civil, a wheel within a wheel, subordinate to the right powers of the Presidetn and Congress, but in its practical workings is superior to and transcends all authority emanating from whatever source. The world has never seen a despotism so complete, so limitless, so transcendent, controlling not alone the outward and internal civil polity of the Territory, but entering into all the details of every day life and the minutie of the demostice economy of each individual, as is exhibited in the construction of the Mormon Church. Of that church Brigham Young is the acknowledge head and recognized despot. Upon his will alone depend as well the acts of public officials as the course, temper, and feeling of the humblest member of his flock. Fanaticism can go no further than it has in this case, and from one end of the Terriory to the other the will of Bringham Young is suprme, made known and manifested through his apostles, bishops, and subordinates resident in towns, villages, wards, and hamlets. Whether in all instances this tremendous authority is upheld by a species of devout religious fanaticism or enforced by fear in many - the majority of-cases upon those who would otherwise break from their thraldom, it is unnecessary now to express an opinion, but that it exists cannot be doubted and is not denied. The consequence is that the rightful authority of the United States is exercised only by sufferance, and peace and a boubtful quiet maintained only upon the slender thread of one man's will or whim. I cannot but recognize the glaring fact that in dealing with this people in the most trivial, as in the most momentous matters, I am but dealing with their supreme monarch; that is in his power at any time to lay an embargo upon his entire people against the sale of any article of sustenance or use to my command; that no act, word, or deed of any Gentile escapes his ear, through the medium of an

