
mail, but that they were gathering in sufficient force to attack Camp Douglas and drive the military from the country. I have reason also to believe that Brigham Yound himself received frequent couriers as well from his bishops as from the Indian chiefs, asking for advice and orders. What these latter were of course, I am unable to judge, save from this character and the results which followed. It is in proff before me from reliable witnesses that the Indians, after the recent massacre on the overland road, retired through the Mormon towns rehearsing their exploits and exhibiting the reeking scalps they had taken from their murdered victims. It is likewise significant of Mormon complicity that the savages seddom or never molest the Mormons or steal their stock, but pass through their settlements and by their defenseless ranches content with the aid the Mormons volunteer to give them. It cannot be said in explanation of allowing the Indians to proceed on their bloody mission that the latter were too powerful to be attacked or resisted, for it is notorious that the hostile savages passed along in bands of a dozen or twenty through settlements of 500 or 600 inhabitants. The only explanation of this course on their part ever given is that the policy of the Mormons is and ever has been to feed rather than fight the Indians, and that to interfere with them when bound on their raids north would provoke massacre and pillage on the defenseless heads of isolated Mormon ranchmen and wood choopers in the cannons. But even this furnishe no excuse, however flimsy, why no intimation was ever sent to these headquarters of Indian designs openly avowed and notorious in their several communities. In other communities where free will and indere at all tolerated on the part of individuals these facts might not be so significant, but might be laid at the door of a few evil-disposed and bad-hearted men; but here, where not only the actions, but the very thoughts, feelings, sentiments, and words of the entire people are under the supreme control and absolute dictation of the heard of the Church, it is hard to resist the conclusion that he is responsible for the acts of his ignoant and deluded followers. As in some degree explanatory of this insidious and damnable course on the part of Brigham Young, I may state that it is understood here that he has offered to protect the Overland Mail Line against the Indians for a given sum of money, on condition that the military shall be withdrawn; and to the end that the impotence of the latter may be made manifest, these brutal raids are incited along unprotected parts of the line, and at times when danger is not expected. That the presence of the military in this Territory is unwelcome to the hierarchy of Brigham Young cannot be doubted. It has to a great extent abridged his powers, limited his dictation, and secured protection to those whose persecutions cried aloud to Heaven. It has released from deepest boundage and from pillage, torture, and organized robbery hundreds of poor deluded men and women enticed hither by promises and allurements, and in many ways has tended to ameliorate the condition of his serfs, and to that extent has shorn the chief of his power. Hence his desire, by propositions such as that referred to, to have my command withdrawn. I may say that I have little doubt that Brigham Young could cause the Indians to desist from attacks on the Overland Mail Line, and were the protection of that institution the only or the main object of Government in establishing troops in this Territory, it might be well to accede to his wishes. But I cannot forget that unsuspecting emigrants with their wives and little ones, and all their earthly goods, seeking a peaceful home in the far West, would be entirely at the mercy of this man and his savage and plundering red allies. What

