
that mercy was before the troops lined the emigrant road the sad record of the past too plainly tells, and the solitary graves and bleaching bones from the Rocky Mountains to the Carson and Humboldt partially reveal. The tales of horros, of bloodsehd, and plunder one can hear, and the evidence of which he can see throughout all this desolate region awaken him to the fact that the great overland mail, important as it is to the East and to the West, cannot be regarded as the only care of the Government, or its protection and security the only demand on humanity.

In view of the foregoing facts, presented without conscious prejudice or other than just feeling against glaring iniquity, I beg leave most respectfully and earneslty to impress upon the commanding general that the force under my command is entirely inadequate to the protection of the overland mail and telegraph lines and the several emigrant roads passing through the regions of hostile Indians within this district, much less is it able in addition to cope with forcible resistance to the laws or the outbreak of armed treason liable to occur on any serious reverse to our arms in the East, or at any attemtp on the part of the authorities to enforce laws conflicting with the tenets of the Mormorn Church or inimical to any of their practices. The season will soon have passed when it will be practicable for re-enforcements to reach me, and with the winter will come increased acticity on the part of the Indians, and it may be more open and rebellious conduct on the part of the Mormons. I have purposely reftrained from any expression of opinion on the tenets of the religion of this most singular people, or their open and flagrant violations of the civil law for the suppresion of polygram, leaving these matters where they properly belong, with civil departments of Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 33. Hart's Mill, Tex., June 25, 1863.

I. Companies C, G, and H, First Infantry California Volunteers, will be transferred from Franklin, Tex., to Las Cruces, N. Mex., as soon as transportation shall be available.

II. Companies C and H, First Infantry, California Volunteers, will be transferred from Las Cruces, N. Mex., to Franklin, Tex., as soon as transportation shall be available.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General Joseph R. West:

JOSEPH F. BENNETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HUBY, NEV. TER. June 26, 1863.

Captain C. H. HEMPSTEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that on yesterday morning I stopped a train of emigrants passing through this valley, comprising sixty men, the most of whom, I was informed, were secessionists. After a close and thorough investigation I found that but eleven of them had been in Price's army in Missouri, and the

