
balance very lukewarm toward the Government, the majority of whom were leaving the Eastern States to avoid the conscription. I learned enough of their action toward our men at Big Sandly and other places to have made it a very serious matter for them could I have fastened it upon them or any one of them, but I could not get the proof. The only one upon whom I could prove anything serious was a yound man named John Dimmitt, from Ralls County, Mo., whom white while traveling along the Platte River pulled up a small American flag which had been planted on the bank of the river by some emigrants, threw it under his feet, and trampled on it. This was sworn to by two men in the train, whose depositions I have. I have him in close confinement, and await the orders of the district commander as to what disposition shall be made of him. I found that all those who had been in the rebel army had either been exchanged or paroled, and had taken the oath of allegiance, and some had given bonds. Before releasing them I had them all drawn up in line beneath our flag and administered the oath to them in presence of the whole command. They were all badly frightened, evidently thinking that they had got themselves into a bad situation, and I think it will be a lesson to them that they will not soon forget.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER,

Major Third Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 27, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The command of infantry and cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, reported in my communication to you under date of 14th instant, reached Fort Churchill on the 25th, and after a brief halt will advance toward Salt Lake. The cavalry company recently stationed at Fort Churchill will be thrown in advance of Moore's command to Salt Lake, affording protection to the overland mail. One full company of Nevada Territory cavalry has been mustered into service at Fort Churchill, and another company will complete its organization at an early day. Brigadier-General Connor went to Fort Bridger in the early part of this month and was met by a large of Shoshone Indians, with whom he made a treaty of peace and friendship; they surrendered a large number of horses and other property stolen or captured from white people. Notwithstanding the oft-repeated attacks on the overland stages by the Indians, yet it is believed that no serious interruption can take place. It requires great vigilance and activity to afford protection on a line of 600 or 800 miles in length, but it must be done, and the mail shall pass safely, even if I have to send a cavalry escort with every stage.

My advices from Brigadier-General Alvord are as late as the 14th instant; everything was progressing well in the District of Oregon. A satisfactory treaty has been made with the great Nez Perce tribe of Indians, and the troops under Colonrl Maury, of the Oregon cavalry, had left Fort Lapwai for the summer campaign on the Upper Snake River to afford protection to the emigrants. The command under Major Lugenbeel left Fort Walla Walla on the 8th instant for Fort Boise to establish a permanent post in that quarter. Inclosed herewith is the report of Brigadier-General Connor of his expedition to

