
Soda Springs, Idaho Rer., and the establishment of a post for the protection of emigrants and mail. * The report contains much valuable information as to the character and resources of the country traversed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CAMP BABITT,

Near Visalia, Tulare County, Cal., June 27, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to represent that unofficial information has come to my knowledge of the disloyal practices of the people of the town of Milerton, the county seat of Fresno County, sixty miles north of this camp. I am informed that there is not a loyal man in the place. I am also informed by reliable Union men that upon the receipt of the news that the rebel army under Lee had crossed into Maryland and Pennsylvania they celebrated the occasion by a public demonstration, in which all joined (of both sexes), by firing a Confederate salute and other demonstrations expressive of their joy at the defeat of the Federal arms (or what they term a Federal defeat) and the successes of Jeff. Davis, cheering for them and groaning for the United States Government and its officers. They went so far as to use violence to a young man (who is loyal) who happened to be there from King's River on business. They also have been in the habit of insulting while on their way to and from San Francisco (they being compelled to stop at this place over night) by disloayl acts and coversation. This county is the resort of bad men. The people boast that they have neither a common school nor a church in the county. What makes the case still more aggravating is the facts of the majority of the people in the town of Millerton being Eastern people. In view of these facts, I would suggest for the general commanding the propriety of reoccupying Fort Miller with a company or detachment of cavalry. The fort is now occupied by the families of disloyal men, with one exception, using the buildings as dwelling houses. In my opinion the presence of a cavalry company would have a moral influence upon their conduct toward the Government and its officers. I would also in this connection suggest the propriety of reoccupying For company of cavalry. It is also located in the midst of a disloyal people; also near hostile Indians, they having recently robbed and murdered several persons in Kelso Canon and in Kern River Valley, which is within supporting distance of Fort Tejon. Had this post been occupied last spring it could have ordered against the Indians on Upper Kern River and Owen's River much easier than from this post. It would also have prevented the organization of the band of robbers and thieves who left this and adjoining counties after stealing many thousand dollar's worth of property from Union men while passing through the country, and having in their possession several Government animals and other property stolen by deserters, several of which formed this band. Many of this band of thieves and desperadoes have found their way into Texas, while others, one of whom lately killed and wounded another near Fort Mojave, are depredating in the lower country. I judge from the amount of forage

---------------

* See June 2, Part I, p. 226.

---------------

32 R R-VOL L, PT II

