
ordered to be purchased at this and Camp Independence that it is designed to keep four companies and the two posts. It would, in my judgment, have a better influence upon the country, and also upon the hostile tribes of Indians in the adjacent country, to station one company at Fort Miller, one at this camp, one at Fort Tejon, and one at Camp Independence. By this arrangement a line of posts would be formed from Mariposa County to New San Pedro, extending through those secession counties bordering upon the Indian country, which would be in supporting distance of each other, requiring no additional force from that contemplated at this and Camp Independence, and requiring but little if any additional expense, as those posts are owned by the United States, and are in very [good] state of preservation, unless it should be the natural leakvage of four instead of two quartermasters. I could urge many reasons why those additional posts should be occupied; but not desiring to trouble the department with further suggestions, I beg leave, most respectfully, [to submit the above] for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California, Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., June 27, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Companies A and K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, leave here this day for Benicia by the steamer Panama. Your letter of June 20 was received on the 25th instant. In conformity with the spirit of previous instructions from your headquarters the command at Fort Gibson, consisting of Lieutenant-Colonel Olney and Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, had already reached Fort Humboldt to be in readiness to embark, having been relieved at Fort Gaston by Captain Ousley's company (B) of the Mountanieer Battalion. As the sending of Companay I back to Fort Gaston would leave Fort Humboldt, with its Indian prisoners and large amount of public property to be guarded without any garrison whatever I detain it here until further instructions from your headquarters. The Ukiah company of mountaineers ordered hither by Department Special Orders, Numbers 136, current series, had only thirty men enrolled on the 18th instant, and Lieutenant Emorey reports it to be very uncertaill when its organization will be completed. The Weaverville company still remains at thirty-one men. I earnestly recommend that Company I, Second Infantry California Volunteers, be not sent to Fort Gaston. It is not needed there, Captain Ousley's large company being an amply sufficient garrison. Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple has admitted to me that he will have to keep always one-half of the company in garrison while the other half is scouting, or else give up the country to the Indians during the period that the entire company would have to be reposing, thus continuing the same system for which I have been so constantly abused in this district.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Ifty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

