
CARSON CITY, NEV. TER., July 4, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to respectfully report that I returned with detachment of twenty men to this place from Aurora on yesterday. The Indians are quiet in that vicinity. In obedience to orders from headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated June 18, 1862, and received June 26, 1862, Lieutenant Clark on the 30th ultimo removed my command to Fort Churchill and reported to the commanding officer at that post for duty. He could not move earlier for want of transportation. I will proceed to Fort Churchill with my detachment to-morrow morning. About the 15th ultimo I forwarded to headquarters a communication addressed to me by citizens of Susanville, which related to Indian outrages on Smoke Creek. * I have learned the real facts in regard to the affair, which are as follows: A wagon freigtened with provisions en route for Humboldt broke down on Smoke Creek, and the party left in charge of the wagon, instead of camping beside it, selected a camp-ground about 300 yards below on the creek. The Indians discovered the wagon during the night, and finding no person with it helped themselves to what they wanted. A very natural result.

I remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain, Commanding Company M, Second California Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 5, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, for information of the War Department, the report# of Major R. C. Drum, my assistant adjutant-general, of his inspection of the troops in the Southern District of California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 115. San Francisco, Cal., July 5, 1862.

1. Under instructions from the War Department to protect the Overland Mail Route within this department, the Third Infantry California Volunteers and the headquarters, with five companies of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, are designated for that purpose.

2. Colonel P. Edward Connor, Third Infantry California Volunteers, the senior officer of the column, will move, with his headquarters and seven companies of his regiment, now encamped near Stockton, as soon as pracitcable, crossing the Sierra Nevada Mountains and advancing on the Territory of Utah.

---------------

*See June 13, Part I, p. 1137.

#See May 30, Part I, p. 1110.

---------------

