
Second. All persons who are confirmed drunkards, who abandon, neglect, or refuse to assist in the maintenance of their families.

Third. All persons in the habit of loitering or sleeping in grogshops, beershops, outhouses, market sheds, stables, granaries, or unoccupied houses, or without any place of habitation, or who cannot give a good account of themselves.

Fourth. All persons who are able to work who go about begging. All citizens or strangers arriving in this town shall immediately report themselves to the provost-marshal.

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 4, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

MAJOR: On the 20th of July Captain Ketcham, Third Infantry California Volunteers, at Fort Baker, reported eleven Indian prisoners brought in and turned over to him by citizens. On the 24th of July he reported the capture, by a detachment of his company, of two squaws and a child. The squaws were liberated and sent to induce the Indians to come in. The result was the appearance and surrender of 112 Indians. On the 31st of July he reports the arrival and surrender of the famous Las-sic, with thirty-two other Indians. Las-sic's band has been long know as the largest and most active of the bands of roving and depredating Indians. Its numbers have been variously estimated from 100 to 300. On the 1st instant Lieutenant Staples (of Captain Ketcham's company), who has been stationed with a detachment near Eel River, returned from a scout, bringing with him to this post twenty-one Indians that he had captured. A few day since the Indian prisoners at this post were removed by my orders to the narrow neck of land terminating the peninsula that shuts in the bay. They had commenced dying in unusual numbers, and the mortality was rapidly increasing. This caused a general alarm among them and desire to escape. Some had actually attempted to do so. Their corral being but a few yards from the edge of the great forest, they could have all escaped with ease, and of the bucks few, if any, could have been caught again. Independent of this, the sudden mortality among them would soon have become known to the Indians in the mountains, who would have attributed it to our treachery, and no more of them could be expected to come in. The official report of Brigade Surgeon Egbert traced the mortality to two causes-the close confinement and total inaction, to which they were not accustomed, and the sudden and complete change of diet. Both these evils have been remedied by their change of location. They have plenty of ground to roam over in the daytime, being kept together only at night, and on the shore they find plenty of clms, crabs, and fish, their usual diet. Every precaution has been taken to prevent their escape. A picket guard is constantly posted there with a chain of sentinels, to whom the most stringent orders have been given to prevent any molestation of them by the whites. The place is about two miles from this post, and in full view of it. Day and night signals have been established, on which thirty men could be rowed over there in ten minutes in the boat belonging to the post. The hospital steward goes over to them every day, and the surgeon twice every week, and as much oftener as occasion may require.

