
the conduct of the Indians who committed the recent raid on the Overland Mail Line, and of the reception of the latter by the authorities and people of the Mormon settlements at Salt Creek. I beg leave to invite the attention of the commanding general to the facts set forth, and ask that the papers inclosed be filed with my letter of 25th instant at bearing directly on the subjects therein discussed. The letter of Mrs. Westwood, I may add, is but corrobative of testimony reaching me from various sources, but as it comes in an authentic and consice shape it is forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., June 25, 1863.

Captain C. H. HEMSTEAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that I was told a day or two since of a letter written by a lady at Fort Crittenden to her husband, who is a blacksmith in the employ of the Overland Mail Company, from which some important information might be obtained. Last night I succeeded in finding the husband, and made the inclosed extract from the letter. I am informed that she is a woman of a good character, perfectly reliable, and well known at Fort Crittenden and vicinity. Her husband, who is at the station at work, informs me that she will be happy to give you all the information she is possessed of, but desires that you will protect her. I have this day stopped a train of emigrants, mostly rebels, and a great many of them formerly soldiers in Price's army. They number 60 men, with 300 head of mules. As soon as I have investigated the matter I will report by letter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLANGHER,

Major Third California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Sub-inclosure.]

FORT CRITTENDEN, June 19, 1863.

DEAR DAVE: I have just received a note from you. It was very short, but still it was better than none. Well, I have been to Salt Creek on a visit, and I enjoyed myself the best kind. I go back last night, with Mr. Shell. They behaved very kind to me and treated me well. While I was gone the Indians captured another stage and killed two men. It happened about two miles this side the ford of the River Jordan. They brought the scalps of the poor men they killed down to Salt Creek, and I saw them, and a great many other things belonging to the stage. You had better believe it made me feel mad. I got dreadfully exicited. The bishop down there treated the Indians with tobacco and ordered the people to feed them, and it made me so mad that I pitched into them and told them what I thought of them, and then I felt better.

* * *

PHEBE WESTWOOD.

