
entirely with paragraph III, General Orders, Numbers 18, current series, headquarters Department of the Pacific, I beg leave to inform the department commander that Camp Connor adjoins Soda Springs, Idaho Ter., that the nearest post-office, is Logan, Cache Valley, Utah Ter., distant about seventy miles, and the best route of communication is via Great Salt Lake City, through Cache Valley to Franklin, and thence crossing Bear River at Blair's Ferry, along the new military road, as set fort in my communication of the 2nd instant.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SAN FRANCISCO, June 29, 1863

Colonel HENRY M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Benicia:

Two companies of Second Infantry go up this afternoon; number about 100.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., June 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 12th instant, inclosing a duplicate of one dated May 30, was not received by me till the 27th instant, after the steamer had left the wharf. I fear I misinterpreted the instructions from your headquarters dated June 5. If so I regret it very much. The letter of May 30 was received at the same time with that of June 5. The letter directed one of the companies of the Mountaineer Battalion first organized to be sent to Fort Gaston. Coupling this with the last paragraph of the letter of May 30, I understand the mountaineer company as being intended to relieve, not re-enforce the garrison at that post. In other words, the directions as to Fort Gaston being occupied by its present garrison to be continued with this understanding, Captain Ousley was ordered to relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Olney and his command there. From my experience with volunteers, both in the Mexican war and in the present one, I am satisfied that if Company I should be now sent back to a post they have been occupying for the last fourteen months, it would result in their complete, demoralization. This would especially be the case if they should be associated the same post with men of the Mountaineer Battalion, who, in the first place, are composed of frontiersmen, and the department commander well knows what they are; among whom, in the second place, there are believed to be many strong secessionists, and who finally have as yet no idea of military discipline or subordination. Add to this the contempt and dislike which the mountaineers as a class entertain for the soldier (thanks to the constant abuse that has been showered upon us by the Humboldt Times), and it will be readily seen that from such an association nothing can be expected but continued jealousies, quarrels and disorders, resulting perhaps in entire disorganization. Bring these matters before the department commander, not in any spirit of remonstrance but simply for his information. Any telegram received

