
at Weaverville by Wednesday would reach me on the third or fourth day thereafter by mail rider who leaves there every Thursday morning for Arcata.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty., California Vols., Commanding Mil. Dist. of Humboldt.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS.

Olympia, Wash. Ter., June 29, 1863.

General B. ALVORD,

Commanding Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 15th instant was duly received. In answer to the inquiry therein made I submit that the latter part of the second article of the treaty contemplates the permission to occupy up to the new boundaries. I have respectfully to ask that you will issue such orders to the officer in command of Fort Lapwai as will secure the enforcement of the provisions of the intercourse act within the boundaries of the new reservation. As to anything further it is not now my province to ask, inasmuch as I have turned over all matters pertaining to the Nez Perce Agency to Governor Wallace, who is ex office superintendent of Indian affairs for the new Territory of Idaho.

Respectfully, yours

C. H. HALE,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Washington Territory.

P. S. - The copy of the treaty published in the Daily Oregonian is correct, with the exception of three verbal mistakes, which are unimportant.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA.

Hart's Mill, Tex. June 29, 1863.

Major WILLIAM McCLEAVE.

First Cavalry California Volunteers, in the Field:

MAJOR; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th instant. The promptness with which you have acted, and the spirit shown by yourself and officers in taking the field to punish the Indians, are deserving of warm commendation, and are particularly gratifying to myself. It is to be hoped that nothing will occur to divert your attention from the object in view, and that the end of your expedition, be it of long or short duration, will show the complete extermination of the Miembres Apaches. I know of no reason to send any superior officer to supersede you. The utmost confidence is felt in your ability to conduct this expedition successfully, while your perseverance and energy assure me that you will do all that could be accomplished by any commander in utterly routing these murderers. Inclosed for your information is the copy of my instructions to the commanding officer at Las Cruces to send a company of infantry with supplies to Fort Thorn. * The date when these may reach there depends upon the transportation. I am in hopes to have them there not later than the 10th proximo. I have written to department headquarters about a force being sent out from Fort Craig as you suggest. As you are likely to make Fort Thorn your base of operations, any supplies that you may need will be sent to you, on learning from you what is wanted. You will have rations to 15th of August and a crack company of infantry to help you. On terminating your campaign you will

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

