HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter. July 1, 1863

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the report for the information of the general commanding that I have ordered Captain Caldwell's company (B), First Oregon Cavalry, from Fort Lapwai to Fort Dalles, and thence to Canyon City, which is 180 miles southeast of The Dalles, being on the headwaters of a southern branch of John Day's River. There are assembled in that vicinity from 1,000 to 1,500 miners. About twenty miles this side of that place an attack was made on some miners by the Snake Indians about the 23rd of April, and 3 white men killed and 2 wounded. About three weeks since another attack was made and 2 white men killed. On the 9th of May, after the first attack, I received a memorial from Canyon City signed by 146 names asking for troops. On account of the concentration of the troops in the Nez Perce country at that date I was unable to comply with the request but the conclusion of the Nez Perce treaty leaves one disposable company. You have already seen that by my Special Orders, Numbers 67, of 17th of June, 1863. said company was ordered on this duty. I expect it to reach The Dalles about the 12th of July. I shall order Captain Caldwell to give all the protection in his power to the miners to remain in the vicinity of Canyon City until the 10th of October and then repair to this post, where I shall consider it advisable to station it next winter. From the reports received from Colonel Maury and Major Lugenbell I have no doubt that by this date both commands have reached Fort Boise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC. Numbers 157. San Francisco, Cal. July 2, 1863.

2. Lieutenant Colonel James N. Olney, Second Infantry California Volunteers will proceed to and take post at Benicia Barracks. Lieutenant-Colonel Olney will be placed in command of the Second Infantry companies at that station.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal. July 2, 1863

Colonel FERRIS FORMAN,Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.

Camp Drum, New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your letter requesting instructions as to your movements, the general commanding directs that after being relieved in your command by Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, Fourth Infantry, you will report in person at these headquarters where you will await further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

