
join his (Noble's) detachment at Vancouver, expecting to have them mustered into service at once under John F. Noble as captain, H. C. Small as first lieutenant, and W. M. Hand, as second lieutenant. This was done with the assent of Messrs. Small and Hand, as they, too, were fully satisfied they could not fill their companies.

All the enlisted men have joined Lieutenant Noble's detachment, excepting those detained by your order at Camp Baker. Lieutenant John Donough, who had been recruiting at The Dalles, after his men had been turned over to Noble, I ordered to go to Auburn and Boise mines with the expedition, and there to engage in the recruiting service, hoping there might be a reaction there favorable to recruiting. In obedience to my order Lieutenant Hand started for Vancouver, and got one-fourth of the way, when your dispatch reached him and he turned back. Since that I have given him no orders. Had he come on to Vancouver Noble's company would now be mustered in. I still think it the better policy to have Lieutenant Hand with his men join Noble's detachment. Under all the circumstances therefore, I respectfully but urgently request that you by telegraph to Camp Baker countermand your order under which Lieutenant Hand turned back, and that at your earliest convenience you advise me of your decision in the matter. This consolidation need not stop recruiting in the State, as other officers can take the place of those on recruiting in the State, as other officers can take the place of those on recruiting service. But it will be of little use unless something happens to encourage recruiting. I hope our provost-marshal will come soon. Five independent companies are now organized under our militia law, and more will be formed if arms can be furnished. They are all Union men, and will be of great service in case of trouble here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 158. San Francisco, Cal., July 3, 1863.

1. Company G (Whannell's), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on the next trip of the steamer Senator to Camp Drum. The quartermaster's and ordnance departments will supply the necessary articles for the mounting and full equipment of this company.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal. July 3, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES F. CURTIS.

Fourth Infty., Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist of Southern Cal.,Camp Drum, near New San Pedro, Cal.:

SIR: Inclosed you will receive a communication addressed to this office by Major Clarence E. Bennett, First Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding at San BernardiNumbers It is proper that communications of the nature of the inclosed should pass through the district commander. Major Bennett was peculiarly situated and is therefore

See p. 459.

