
excusable for the non-observance of the regulations in that particular. In future all communications relating to the service generally in the District of Southern California will pass through your office. It is apparent to the general commanding that the civil affairs in the southern part of this State are in a very disturbed condition, and that there exists a large element antagonistic to our Government. On this subject the inclosed letter will inform you more fully. The general desires you to give special attention to these matters, and particularly to tide such instructions as may be necessary to discover whether arms are being sent from here to the Southern country. If anything of that kind is sent, you will seize it, no matter to whom consigned, and hold it subject to order from these headquarters. Should affairs assume a more threatening aspect, you will move against the insurgents in force, taking care to leave Camp Drum and the depot at Wilmington securely guarded. The general has directed another company of cavalry to be sent to your district, and it will leave on the next trip of the Senator. Everything necessary will be sent to you promptly. You will therefore communicate by telegraph your wants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 3, 1863.

Major S. TRUAX,First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter.:

MAJOR: The general commanding the district directs that to the extent of your ability you will co-operate cordially with the Indian Department in the enforcement of the Indian intercourse acts of 1834 and 13th of February, 1862, within the boundaries of the new reservation for the Nez Perce Indians. C. H. Hale, esq. superintendent of Indian affairs for Washington Territory, informs me that "the latter part of the second article of the treaty contemplates permission for the whites to occupy up to the new boundaries. " The general desires that you will aid in every way in the protection of the Nez Perces, and in securing to them their rights under the treaty of the 9th of June, 1863.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon, Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 3, 1863.

Major S. TRUAX,

Commanding Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding the district desires me to request you to call on the Honorable W. H. Wallace, Governor of Idaho Territory, and superintendent of Indian affairs, now probably at Lewiston, and also to give him a copy of the instructions of this date sent to you on the subject of the Nez Perce Indians.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

See next, ante.

