
WASHINGTON, D. C., July 8, 1863. - 11. 45 a. m.

Honorable F. F. LOW,

San Francisco, Cal.:

There is no doubt that General Meade, now commanding the Army of the Potomac, beat Lee at Gettysburg, Pa., at the end of a three days' battle, and that the latter is now crossing the Potomac at Williamsport over the swollen stream, and with poor means of crossing, and closely pressed by Meade. We also have a dispatch rendering it entirely certain that Vicksburg surrendered to General Grant on the glorious old Fourth.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington City, July 8, 1863.

Honorable F. F. LOW.

San Francisco, Cal.:

In three days' battle at Gettysburg Lee's army was beaten, and retreated through mountain passes to the Potomac. It is to-day at Williamsport trying to cross the river, but the river is high and unfordable. Meade is pushing his forces forward to attack the enemy at Williamsport and unless Lee gets across within forty-eight hours another battle is expected. The extent of the enemy's loss is not known but must be heavy. Our loss in killed and wounded will be about 12,000. Vicksburg surrendered to Grant on the 4th of July. Details not yet received.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC. Numbers 160. San Francisco, Cal., July 8, 1863.

1. Company H, Third Artillery, will take post at Fort Point, relieving Company I, Ninth Infantry, when the latter will return to the Presidio of San Francisco.

3. The detachment of cavalry at Benicia Barracks will be sent to San Francisco, where it will constitute the provost guard. On its arrival the regular troops composing the guard will be sent to their respective companies.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 8, 1863.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,Benicia, Cal. ;

The detachment of cavalry at Benicia will proceed without delay to San Jose fully prepared for active service. The detachment will camp near the latter place and await further orders. Seven days' rations should be sent, and early departure is desirable.

By order:

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

