
which will be reoccupied. Until the close of the summer one company will be camped near to or on the South Fork of Kern River, or at such other point in that vicinity as you may deem best to give the necessary protection to the whites residing in the country known as Owen's Lake Valley. Settlers cutting hay or wood in the valley will not, the general directs, be molested or removed from the land claimed under the preemption laws.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 10, 1863.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington D. C.:

GENERAL: For the information of the General-in-Chief and War Department, I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication addressed to my headquarters by Brigadier General P. E. Connor, commanding the District of Utah, dated at Great Salt Lake City, June 24, 1863. The condition of affairs in Utah and the civil polity which prevail under the supreme authority of Brigham Young, the head of the Mormon Church is clearly set forth in the report of General Connor. At the request of the general I forward this report to general headquarters, although the facts are doubtless well known at the War Department. In connection with the request for re-enforcements, I have to report that the command which marched from Sacramento, as reported in my letter to you dated on the 14th of June, is already in advance of Fort Churchill on its way to Salt Lake. The company of the Second Cavalry and the company of the Third Infantry, lately stationed at Churchill, have also been ordered to proceed at once to Salt Lake. The acting Governor of Nevada Territory informs me that he finds it impossible to raise infantry companies in that mining region, but feels confident of being able to raise two more companies of cavalry, if I would accept them. I have answered in the affirmative, that I would accept them on the same conditions as the others; that is, they are to furnish their own horses and equipments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 10, 1863.

(Received 5 p. m. 11th.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President:

If not already done, telegraph General Wright to suspend execution by military force in regard to Almaden Mine. No injury can accrue to the Government by delay, and the results will be deplorable if the order is carried into immediate execution. The mining interests are so large and so sensitive that this proceeding will give the secessionists every advantage. Don't, I pray you, let anything be done to involve this State in difficulty. Judge Field and General Wright concur with me in my views. Let me know your decision by telegraph.

F. F. LOW.

See p. 492

