
the South Fork, about forty miles this side of Canyon City, and there select a suitable site for a permanent camp and depot, from which during the season scouts should be made for the protection of the whites. But the general leaves the entire plan of your operations to your own judgment. You may after trial find it best to change your depot or permanent camp. He desires the most energetic steps taken for the pursuit and chastisement of hostile Indians. You must exercise great vigilance to prevent the loss of your animals by the stealthy advances of those wily Indians. The general directs that you will leave your camp with your command on the 10th of October and repair to Fort Vancouver. You are authorized on reaching Canyon City to employ a guide well acquainted with that country.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, July 11, 1863-10. 10 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m. 13th.)

Brigadier-General WRIGHT.

San Francisco, Cal.:

I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that he has no information of any military order to take possession of New Almaden Mine. If there be any such order, it has been surreptitiously obtained. You will obey no order of this kind that does not come through the proper military channels. If you have done anything in the matter, you will withdraw and restore everything to the condition in which you found them.

H. W. HALLECK.

General-in-Chief.

VIRGINIA CITY, July 11, 1863

(Received 5. 25 p. m. 13th.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

President United States:

I implore you, sir, in the name of the loyal people of Nevada, to do nothing toward taking possession of any mines on the Pacific Slope.

GEO. TURNER.

Chief Justice.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 11, 1863-10. 10 p. m.

JOHN PARROTT, Esq.,

San Francisco:

There has been no military order to interfere with New Almaden Mine. No such military interference is authorized by the War Department nor will any be permitted.

H. W. HALLECK.

General-in-Chief.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 11, 1863.

(Received 5. 40 p. m. 13th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

President sent a warrent to take possession of Almaden and 3,000 boars [sic] and instructed marshal to enforce with military. Marshal

