
Company A to Las Cruces or to Fort Craig. I shall soon be anxious to hear from you. Expressman Jones has orders to await your communications.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Camp Drum, July 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on 9th instant I communicated to your headquarters that I had sent a force from this station to Los Angeles to presence the peace and protect the Union element there. Captain Hillyer, Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, commanding was rationed for five days and has to-day returned, leaving everything quiet, and having accomplished the object for which he was sent. A very feverish and excited feeling nevertheless prevails there, the nature of which you may understand from the inclosed communication received from responsible sources. Unless matters grow worse I shall not detach any force for that vicinity until receiving the sanction of the commanding general. Desirous as it is to prevent any outbreak, the subject requires careful handling. The experience of the past few days leads me to the conclusion that a force of one full company, commanded by a discreet officer, and posted upon the outskirts of the town for a short time, would help matters materially. The troops may be spared from this station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Lieutenant Colonel Fourth California Vol. Infantry, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] LOS ANGELES, July 11, 1863

Lieutenant-Colonel CURTIS.

Commanding Camp Latham:

We the undersigned, loyal citizens of the United States would respectfully represent that the feelings among a large portion of the residents of this city who favor rebellion and the establishment of the Southern Confederacy have, since the news of the recent Federa victories in the East, become very hostile in their sentiments and openly threaten revolt against the legally constituted authorities of the General Government and also against the persons of those who are in favor of the maintenance of the Union. The threats of the disloyal are open, bold, and defiant, and under existing circumstances we would respectfully petition that at least one company of soldiers from your command be permanently stationed here for the maintenance of peace and the protection of the lives and property of the citizens who are loyal to the Government of the Unites States.

Most respectfully, yours,

N. A. POTTER,

Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue,

W. G. STILL,

Postmaster,

H. D. BARROWS,

U. S. Marshal,

[AND 11 OTHERS.]

