
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL,

San Francisco, July 14, 1863. (Received 2. 10 p. m. 15th.)

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President Unites States:

General Halleck has telegraphed the following dispatch, which has been published here.

LEONARD SWETT.

SAN FRANCISCO., CAL. July 14, 1863

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

President United States;

After full consultation with owner and attorney at mine, it was determined no actual resistance should be offered. In a short time I would have had peaceable possession but when your dispatch came the marshal was telegraphed that you had ordered to wait. Your order can yet be executed. If you determine to do it, telegraph me giving discretion, and I will be responsible for consequences. If you do not think best to execute order let the Attorney-General authorize me by telegraph to obtain an injunction and receiver. In my opinion the injunction had better be applied for. The Government owes it to its own dignity to do one of these things. I have offered the company the same terms proposed by the Quicksilver Company, and they positively refuse to do anything.

LEONARD SWETT.

(Sent to Secretary of Interior.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 14, 1863

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS.

Governor of the State of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR; I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's letter of the 2nd instant. At your earnest request I have directed my adjutant-general to telegraph to Lieutenant-Colonel Drew to order Lieutenant Hand to proceed with his recruits without delay to Fort Vancouver. Although we have to encounter great embarrassments in raising volunteers, yet I think it probable that a company might be raised in Southern Oregon if it were understood they were to be posted in that quarter. With many thanks for your kind expressions, I beg leave to assure Your Excellency as well as the people of Oregon, that I shall ever esteem it a pleasure, as it is my duty, to afford them every protection in my power.

With great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, July 15, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Washington, D. C. ;

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegraphic dispatch of the 11th instant. I infer from your dispatch that the

See Halleck to Billings, July 13, p. 522.

