
since the 1st instant, and it is impracticable to supply the meat ration to the vedettes, which causes loud-mouthed complaint on their part. I am, in constant apprehension that our connection with California will be interrupted, as I have no confidence in the majority of the men on the mail route. The discovery of the gold mines in this section is found to be prejudicial to the service as offering greater advantages, to the class of men whose services are required in the quartermaster's department and also as opening a market and competition for supplies. The acting commissary of subsistence informs me that the does not think any one will be found to take the contract for supplying fresh beef. In fact, I have remarked myself the greatest indifference manifested by the community here in regard to contracting for supplies to the Government. The reasons assigned for this are that this depot has been without funds for nearly a year, during which time purchases were paid for with certified vouchers, and to such extent (the outstanding debts of the quartermaster's department amounting to nearly $100,000) that they are a drug in market, and no one cares to furnish supplies for them. The detention of the Fort West train last month was owing to the fact that the quartermaster was without forage, and those who had grain in the fields were very dilatory and reluctant to thrash and clean it to supply the required amount, knowing that they would be paid for it with the usual certified account. Lieutenant Toole, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence, is sick and unable to leave his quarters. His unremitting attention to his arduous duties for a long period and the care and anxiety incident to a nervous temperament in the performance of them have undermined his health. I respectfully inclose herewith his application begging to be relieved. This I am unable to do at present, as there is no officer available. There are only four others, viz, Assistant Surgeon Cox, Captain Tuttle, Lieutenant Stevens, and myself (Lieutenant Smith being absent on detached service)ore arranged to have Captain Tuttle, who is familiar with the duties, act for Lieutenant Toole until some suitable officer can be found to relieve him. Lieutenant Stevens has just handed me a communication (herewith respectfully forwarded) requesting leave of absence on account of sickness. The assistant surgeon is sick also, so that only Captain Tuttle and myself are left to perform all the duties of the post and depot. In this connection I would also respectfully state that I have been in bad health since arriving at this post, as the climate does not agree with me. If an officer can be spared to take command of the post it will be a great relief to me, and will enable me to pay more attention to my duty as company commander. I have considered it my duty to state these circumstances to the general, in order that he may take such action as he may deem necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FFRENCH,

Captain, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash., Ter., July 15, 1863.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 14th instant respecting the recruits at Fort Steilacoom. I have directed the commanding officer at that post to obey any order or

