
request you may send as to the disposition of those recruits. I should advise that an order for their transportation be sent on Winsor &amp; Co., mail contractors and livery stable establishment at Olympia, Wash. Ter. But I confess that I shall regret to give up the idea of raising a company on the sound. In the fall Lieutenant Henry must succeed if he perseveres. I reduced Lieutenant-Colonel English's command to one company and am very desirous to have another company raised for that post. Therefore I would recommend to Your Excellency the postponement of the order for those two men to come hither until you shall find it necessary to complete Noble's company.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., July 16, 1863.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have received your telegraph of 11th of July. No order to take military possession of the mines has been received. The marshal was authorized by the President to call for a military force if necessary. All quiet. I have written you fully.

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., July 16, 1863.

(Received 6 p. m. 18th.)

A. LINCOLN.

President:

I am here waiting instructions. The only fact I can communicate is that while at the mines the Almaden Company claimed the mines to be on Lyresa Ranch. Since we came from there, so far as I know, they claim it to be on Government land. I have no doubt the Government ought to show, through the court of chancery, by an injunction, that it has neither tyrannically nor foolishly issued this order.

LEONARD SWETT.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Sacramento, July 16, 1863.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: Your favor of the 5th instant, with resolution relative to appropriations for the relief of volunteers in the several States, is at hand. By reference to sections 3 and 4 of the act of the Legislature approved April 27, 1863. (Statutes of 1863, folio 662) you will observe that the requirements of the law are such as to preclude our State officers from departing from its provisions, and would therefore be impossible to pay out the appropriation in the manner indicated by the resolution of Congress.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LELAND STANFORD.

Governor of California.

