HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON.

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 16, 1863.

C. H. HALE,Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I am informed that at the recent council of the Nez Perce Indians on the 28th of May, when reference was made to my talk to those Indians on the 24th of October last, you said to the Indians that "General Alvord spoke without authority and had nothing to do with this business. " I have always perseveringly endeavored to aid you in effecting a treaty with said Indians: I sent you a copy of the talk above mentioned. In it I said, aiming to prepare the way for a successful negotiation-

The new superintendent, Mr. Hale, is an honorable gentleman who I am sure wishes to do you justice. But the making this treaty is not given to me; it is in other hands. It will be my duty after a new treaty is made to aid the Indian agent in enforcing it.

I was thus studiously careful to say nothing relating to the terms of the new treaty, or which could in any way embarrass you. On the contrary, by the establishment of the military post, by that friendly talk to the assembled chiefs (assembled expecting to meet you), by persevering efforts to show by deeds as well as by words our friendly feelings and intentions, by assembling six companies to attend your recent council, I claim that I have materially aided in paving the way for the successful conclusion of the treaty. If, sir, the language above referred to was an inadvertence, if you admit that I have in this letter given a true account of my actions, I desire that you will please indicate the same in your reply.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,

Great Salt Lake City, Utah Ter., July 18, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform the general commanding the department that a short time since I received overtures from the several chiefs of the tribe of Indians known as the Southern Utes, recently hostile, asking a suspension of hostilities and desiring peace. The inadequacy of my command rendered it impracticable to administer to them more severe punishment than had already been inflicted, and for this reason, as well as from motives of prudence and humanity, I responded favorably to the overtures and appointed Tuesday the 14th of July, and Spanish Fork Reservation as the time and place of conference with all who chose to avail themselves of the opportunity offered. Runners were dispatched in various directions, as well by the Indians as by me, and the several bands of the hostile tribe notified of the time place and object of meeting. I may here remark that some weeks previously I had in like manner induced the band of conference with me, and that a satisfactory understanding was arrived at between us. Little Soldier delivered up all the Government stock in his hands, and received from me the Indian ponies, thirteen in number, captured at Spanish Fork last April. After consultation with Governor Doty,

