
acting superintendent of Indian affairs, this band was located in the valley of the West Mountain about twenty-five miles west of this city, and proper measures taken by the superintendent to provide for their immediate wants. The kindly treatment bestowed on Little Soldier and his band on the first indication of a desire for peace on their part unquestionably had a good effect on the remainder of the tribe, who had been repeatedly assured by the Mormons that I intendment to entice them in and wage a war of extermination upon them, whether they wished for peace or not.

One of the results of the treaty with Little Soldier was the overtures of the balance of the chiefs above referred to. Accordingly, on the 10th instant accompanied by Governor Doty, my staff, and an escort of twenty men of Company A, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, I left this city for Spanish Fork Reservation, distant about sixty miles south in Utah Valley. Halting at Springville, a few miles north of the old reservation I ascertained that between 600 and 700 Indians, under their several chiefs were encamped not far off in Spanish Fork Canon. They were much alarmed at the display of cavalry, so great has become their dread of the soldiers and so persistent the efforts of bad white men to convince them that I was acting treacherously with them. Prompt assurances of good faith on my part moderated their fears, and the following morning, Tuesday, the 14th, we proceeded to the farm-house on the old reservation. In due time the chiefs, accompanied by their warriors, well armed and mounted, made their appearance and cautiously approached. Everything consistent with propriety and dignity was done to allay their fears and suspicions, and after some time the effort succeeded. The chiefs, surrounded by their warriors, assembled in front of the house, and there I briefly addressed them, through an interpreter. The chiefs present comprised the leading men of the tribe and representatives from every band of the Utes heretofore hostile. Of the chiefs of separate bands who took part in the conference I may mention Antero, Tabby, Canosh, Ute-Pete, Au-ke-wah-kus, and Black Hawk. My address was brief, assuring them that as they desired peace I was there to grant it on proper terms; that the Government wished to protect all good Indians, and was equally determined and able to severely punish all bad ones. I sought to disabuse their minds of the idea so industriously circulated among them that I wanted to exterminate or fight them, at the same time giving them to understand my entire readiness and ability to punish every hostile act. At the conclusion of my speech Governor Doty addressed the tribe reiterated what I had said, and told them it was his duty and pleasure to provide for their immediate wants. He distributed presentes among them including tobacco, ten beef-cattle and fifty sacks of flour. The chiefs then, one after the other, responded, expressing regret for past bad acts and their hearty desire for peace. To this they pledged themselves and their several bands. The conference and treaty closed most satisfactorily, and the Indians departed for their encampment well pleased with the result. I am satisfied that the happiest results will follow; that the utes are heartily tired of war, and will be the last to break the peace and again inaugurate the troubles recently visited upon them by our troops. Every leading chief of the tribe, except San Pitch, was present. The latter is very sick and unable to travel, but sent word that he would abide by the treaty and desired peace.

The range of this tribe, is from Deep Creek on the west to Fort Bridge, on the east, and mainly south of and along the stage line, so that this treaty effectually relieves any apprehension along the line

