
between the points named. To the north is the Snake or Shoshone tribe. With these I formed a treaty at Bridge on the 5th of June, as stated in my communication of the 15th ultimo. The several bands have been once more united under the chieftainship of the peaceful Wa-sha-kee, and are living in quiet contentment near Bridger, under the charge and gurdianship of the Indian Department. Since the date of the Snake treaty I have received a message from Pocatello, the celebrated Snake chief, begging for peace and asking for a conference. He says he is tried of war, and has been effectually driven from the Territory with a small remnant of his once powerful band. He now sues for peace, and having responded favorably to his request I will meet him at an early day, and will conclude with him what I have no doubt will prove a lasting peace. Thus at last I have the pleasure to report peace with the Indian on all hands, save only a few hostile Goshutes west and north of Deep Creek. These cannot number more than 100 braves, and I have dispatched two companies of the Second Cavalry under Captain S. P. Smith, who will scour the entire surrounding country and kill or drive off the last remaining hostile band. I have little doubt that on hearing of the treaty made with the Utes the Goshutes, at least those who escape Captain Smith, will sue for peace. I may therefore confidently report the end of Indian difficulties on the Overland Stage Line and within this district, from the Snake River, on the north, to Arizona, on the south, and from Green River to Carson Valley.

Having thus concluded the main, if not the only special, duty assigned me and the brave, hardy troops under my command, under circumstances far from propitious, and difficulties impossible to be fully understood at a distance, I beg leave at this, an appropriate time, respectfully to lay my views before the general commanding as to future operations. As heretofore frequently represented the forces under my command are too meager in numbers to accomplish much more than guard the stage road from hostile Indians, and even for this purpose they are scarcely adequate when there is a general uprising of the savages along its entire length, as was recently the case. This trouble, however, I d is now at an end. The punishment administered to the Indians and the hardships endured by them in consequence of our war upon them during the winter and spring have made them heartily and sincerely desirous of continued peace. Without the most criminal conduct on the part of bad white men no apprehension need be entertained of future trouble with either the Snake or Ute tribe. For any other purpose than suppressing Indian difficulties the force at my command is manifestly and ridiculously inadequate, and its presence here, no matter how circumspect and prudent we may be, is necessarily but a source of irritation to a people who regard us as trespassers and enemies no less than as armed representatives of a Government they have always hated, and which I fear they are now learning to despise. If it be the intention of the Government to take hold of the Mormon question with a strong hand, suppress the evil deeds of this peculiar people, and enforce the laws of the land upon an unwilling and hostile community, it can only be done by promptly and materially re-enforcing the command now in this district; but I am constrained to believe that for reasons which I have no doubt properly commend themselves to the authorities at Washington, such is not the present intention of the Government. This being the case, and in view of the peaceful condition of Indian affairs in this Territory, I beg leave respectfully to suggest the propriety and advisability of withdrawing the California Volunteers from this district to California, where I cannot but believe

34 R R-VOL L, PT II

