
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS, Fort Steilacoom, Wash. Ter., August 3, 1862.

Honorable W. PICKERING,

Governor Washington Territory,

Executive Office, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: Your communication of the 2nd instant was received this evening. Agreeable to your request, I will do myself the honor to accompany you on your official visit to Port Townsend, and so far as it is in my power will co-operate with you in your laudable "endeavors to re-enstablish peaceable observances of law and order" in that disturbed community.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

G. W. PATTEN,

Major Ninth Infantry, Commanding Fort Steilacoom.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 5, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the consideration of the War Department, a communication addressed to you by Brigadier-General Alvord, commanding the District of Oregon. * I fully concur with the general's recommendation for the re-establishment of the Department of Oregon, as the commander would then be clothed with more elarged powers to enable him to meet any extraordinary emergencies which might arise in that remote quarter. Whatever decision may be made by the War Department, I deem it of the greatest importance, having in view the great distance from the seat of Government and the present condition of our domestic and foreign affairs, that the senior oficer on this coast should retain command of all the forces serving within the limits of the Department of the Pacific as now constituted.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT CHURCHILL, August 5, 1862-11 a. m.

Major DRUM:

Shall I assume command of this district?

P. E. CONNOR.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 5, 1862.

Colonel CONNOR,

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

Assume command of the district.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See July 24, p. 37.

---------------

