
ranging, and who frequent Snake River and the sources of the Humboldt, are also desirous of making a treaty, and some of their chiefs will accompany him.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, July 30, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the consideration of the General-in-Chief and War Department, a copy of my communication to Colonel R. E. De Russy, U. S. Corps of Engineers, dated April 8, 1863; also the colonel's reply, dated June 10, 1863, with two sheets of drawings, one exhibiting three points selected for batteries, with the trace of the batteries thereon, the other a general man of the harbor of San Francisco, showing the relative position of the defenses. The batteries on Yerba Buena Island and Rincon Point would complete the defenses for the inner harbor and prevent any hostile vessel from taking a position to command the city should she pass Fort Point and Alactraz Island without serious damage. I would most earnestly recommend that the batteries be immediately constructed by the Engineer Department of the United States on this coast. No money has been appropriated by the State of California for this purpose, and if the work is to be done it must be by the United States. Should circumstances arise rendering prompt action necessary, of course I should not hesitate about using any means the Government have to protect the city; but, as the appropriations for the Engineer Department are made for specific objects, I cannot presume to divert them to other purposes without authority, unless to meet an emergency. The General-in-Chief is so well acquainted with the harbor of San Francisco and its defenses that it is not necessary for me to say anything further on the subject.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC. San Francisco, Cal., April 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RENE E. DE RUSSY,

Chief Engineer on Pacific Coast, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In anticipation of the possibility of hostile vessels passing the forts, I think it would be well to establish small batteries on Yerba Buena Island and also on Rincon Point; will you please to have the island and point examined for this purpose? Captain Selfridge, commandant at the navy-yard at Mare Island, wishes to establish batteries at important points, and asks that Lieutenant Elliot be permitted to go there for the purpose of indicating the best location.

With great respect, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

See p. 533.

