
Should the time come when it is probable that the temporary defenses herein recommended will be needed, I will take pleasure in giving my aid, if desired, to the civil engineers engaged in their construction. Accompanying this you will receive two sheets of drawings, the one exhibiting the three points selected for the batteries with the trace of the batteries thereon, the other a general map of the harbor of San Francisco, showing the relative position of the defenses in said harbor.

With the highest respect, I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S. Corp of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, July 21, 1863

Brigadier General L. THOMAS.

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: My letter under date of 28th of March informed you that General Shields had reported to me for duty on the 20th of that month. Having previously received your telegraphic dispatch of the 14th, directing me not to assign the general to duty, as he had resigned, I so informed him when he reported. The general replied that he had not resigned, but proposed to do so at an early day, when he would send his resignation through me to the War Department. Five months having elapsed since General Shields reported at my headquarters, and he having left the United States, and understanding he has gone to the Mexican State of Sonora, without notifying me of his intention, or sending in his resignation, I have deemed it proper to lay the facts before the General-in-Chief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT

Fort Humboldt, July 21, 1863.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers:

MAJOR: The lieutenant-colonel commanding Humboldt Military District directs that you proceed to Fort Gaston with the next escort from Camp Curtis and relieve Captain George W. Ousley, of Company B, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, of the command of that post. I is desired that you advise freely with Captain Ousley in relation to the management of the Indians inhabiting the country in the vicinity of the fort, as also of the conduct of the war against the roving bands of hostile savages in the mountains. The Indian tribes living on the Trinity and Klamath Rivers are to be instructed to remain in the immediate vicinity of their own homes, and not to harbor or hold intercourse with others. The importance of having friendly relations cultivated with them cannot be overrated. To this your special attention is directed. Scouting parties should be kept in the field as much as practicable for the punishment of depredating bands of Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE.

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

