
teams and the Government teams to be able to furnish sufficient transportation for all movable property at this camp, and to distribute it at the same time where it may be needed.

Hoping that my course may meet with your approval, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN.

Captain Company D, Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, July 22, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD C. DRUM.

Asst. Adjt. General, Deparific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following for your consideration; This post is at present garrisoned by Company I, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Captain Theller commanding. This is probably well for the present, as the company is under good discipline and the officers familiar with post routine. It is desirable, however, that it should be determined whether this company is to remain for any length of time, or soon to leave the district. The latter seems to be the opinion of the company officers, consequently a state of preparation is constantly kept up in anticipation of an order to that effect. I deem it my duty, sir, to represent in the strongest manner possible that the military forces at present in the military district should not be further reduced, but rather added to. The Indians are continuing their warlike demonstrations. There has never been a time since this portion of California was first settled by white men that the savages have been so bold and defiant. The causes of this undoubtedly are that they are now better armed and supplied with ammunition than ever before, more experienced, have met with some success in their predatory excursions, and have not always been worsted in contact with armed parties sent for their chastisement. The recent departure of several companies of troops have no doubt inspired them with momentary audacity. Camps Lincoln, Bragg and Wright are garrisoned by companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers. Of the necessity of a military force at Camp Bragg and Camp Wright I am not sufficiently well informed to advise, but the presence of at least one company is required at Camp Lincoln, and cannot with safety be dispensed with at present. Fort Gaston and Camp Baker are occupied by Companies B and A of the Mountaineer Battalion, California Volunteers, respectively. Company C is at Camp Curtis, from which is furnished our escort trimonthly to Fort Gaston. There are forty-five enlisted men in this company, and since its arrival has been on active and arduous service. The captain and first lieutenant are still endeavoring to recruit. They will not join their company until they raise recruits to the minimum number at least. The second lieutenant is performing good service, though not mustered in. He is an energetic man, and gives promise of being a good officer. I respectfully ask that Captain Fleming be authorized to muster him into service, that he may be with and lawfully control his men. It has not been possible up to this time to have these recruits instructed in the school of the soldier. For Company E, there are forty-four men enlisted. They are at this post receiving daily instructions. Without exception they evince a spirit of subordination and a desire to be informed of their duty as soldiers highly creditable to them. The same may be truly said of all the recruits raised for the battalion.

