
First Lieutenant W. W. Skinner was mustered in by Lieutenant Emory at MendociNumbers He is with his company. The captain and second lieutenant are recruiting and stipulate for another month to raise a sufficient number to perfect the organization of the company. No officers have been commissioned for Company D, it being doubtful if it could be raised in the counties of Klamath and Del Norte. Owing to a misunderstanding as to who should receive a captain's commission for Company F, its organization has been delayed much beyond what I had reason to expect. That question has been finally settled, and Captain Robert Baird has entered upon the business of recruiting the company. From the foregoing the general commanding may know the present force in this military district, as well as form an opinion of the number of troops required to hold the Indians in check, and of the prospects, of the military strength of the district being augmented by recruits. There have bee so many things to induce men to leave the northern portion of California since this battalion was called for that its organization has been much slower than I had reasonable grounds to believe. The entire six companies can, and I intend shall, be raised each to its full maximum number, but it will require time. When in Sacramento I had the honor of submitting to the department commander a request that one or more recruiting stations be established in more populous regions of the State for the Mountaineer Battalion. This proposition seemed to be favorably entertained, when it was considered that recruiting for this service would not in any degree hinder or interfere with recruiting for the Sixth Regiment. If this should be authorized (which I most respectfully urge) it would very much facilitate the speedy and complete organization of the corps. Should this be granted, I would suggest that the man who will doubtless be commissioned by the Governor to the captaincy of Company D is well adaptting service and ready at once to enter upon its duties. The topography of a large portion of the district infested by hostile Indians is favorable to the movement of mounted men. The Indians themselves many of them, have horses and move with great celerity. To pursue them successfully a small force of cavalry is sorely needed. Particularly could mounted men be useful in escort service, of which there is much requried. Again, the savages frequently make raids into sections remote from any military post, and often have and can get off with their booty without punishment. Were there a company or two of cavalry or mounted infantry here this could soon be stopped. There is but little doubt in my mind that two companies of these effective troops could be raised for service in this district before winter. If permitted to do so, the volunteers would furnish themselves with horses at the rates allowed by law. To the end that swift and certain retribution may overtake the hostile bands which are waging a determined warfare against the white settlers, this subject is specially submitted to the attention of the general commanding.

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Olympia, Wash., Ter., July 22, 1863.

General B. ALVORD

Commanding Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th instant is received. In reply would say that my remarks at the Nez Perce council in reference to

