HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 5, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have to report that the command of Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, with Companies A, B, and D, of the First Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, marched from Fort Walla Walla on the 28th ultimo for the emigrant road, agreeably to instructions from these headquarters of the 8th ultimo, as before communicated to your office. It odes not return to Fort Walla Walla until the 1st of November. Colonel J. Steinberger, First Washington Territory Volunteer Infantry, with Companies A and E of that regiment, left this post for Walla Walla on the 1st instant and will reach that post doubtless to-morrow. Second Lieutenant Grove Watson, Second California Volunteer Infantry, with the detachment of Company B of that regiment, from Fort Umpqua, leaves to-dya on the Sierra Nevada for Alctraz Island, en route to Fort Humboldt, Cal. The military board, which has been examining the case of Lieutenant Watson, expects to adjourn sine die this afternoon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTEHRN CALIFORNIA,Fort Yuma, August 6, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

MAJOR: General Carleton upon leaving this district published an order on the 15th of May relinquishing the command to me and making this the headquarters of the district for the present, the object of which was, as I understood at the time, that I might be at the most convenient point to join him withe the balance of my regiment I fhe should require re-enforcements. As the general commanding the Column from California has moved on toward the Rio Grande with his force, I presume it is not intended that any more troops shall go forward from this district at present. If I am correct in my deductions I desire to know of the general commanding the department if it be necessary that I should continue the headquarters of the district at this remote post; for, if not, it is my intention to change the headquarters of the district during the coming month and to relieve the troops now here by ordering up some companies of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers now at Camp Latham. If it be deemed of any importance or consequence that I should remain here, I will do so most cheefully; but, if not, I am satisfied that I can well subserve the interests of the Government by having the headquarters of the district at or near Los Angeles.

G. W. BOWIE,

Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,Cooke's Wells, Ariz. Ter., August 6, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD E. EYRE,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Las Cruces, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: The general commanding the column directs that yhou have the ferry-boat at Las Cruces cordelled up to the San Diego crossing

