
reply by the bearer of this, and report the state of things in the Nez Perce country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District

P. S. - My letter of this date to Governor Wallace gives my views more in full.

B. A.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CURTIS.

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.

Commanding Dist. of Southern California, Camp Drum, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of the 12th instant, recommending that a company should be stationed at or in the immediate vicinity of Los Angeles for the purpose of preserving the peace and protecting the Union element of that place, having been submitted to the commanding general, I am instructed to say in reply, that you will take such measures as you may deem necessary to insure the quiet of Los Angeles and the Southern District. Should you deem it necessary for the purpose specified to station a company near that place, the general would suggest as a good place for encampment the ground occupied as a camp two years ago, just outside the limits of the town. The Union element of the Southern District must and shall be protected in all their rights.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS. HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MIL. DISTRICT. Numbers 6. Fort Humboldt, July 23, 1863.

I. In the conduct of the war in this military district against hostile Indians none other are to be molested.

II. When attacking a rancheria, and at all other times, agreat precaution is to be taken against killing, squaws and children.

III. All Indians who ask for quarter, and all who voluntarily surrender themselves are to be treated as prisoners of war, and forwarded as early as practicable to these headquarters.

IV. Commanders of posts, companies, and detachments, will see to it that there is strict observance of these orders.

By order of S. G. Whipple, lieutenant-colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers:

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant First Battalion Mountaineers,

California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT.

Fort Humboldt, July 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD C. DRUM

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL; An official statement from Captain E. R. Theller, Second California Volunteer Infantry, informs me that there were 74 Indian

