
prisoners received from Colonel Lippitt when he was relieved from the command of this military district, viz: 11 bucks, 46 squaws, 17 children; total, 74. These Indians, detained as prisoners of war, are kept on a narrow peninsula some two miles and a half from this post. To guard them a detachment of six men, under a non-commissioned officer, is employed. Escapes have not been, I am informed, infrequent in spite of the guard. I have made a personal examination, and conclude that Indians resolved upon getting away may do so with impunity, the guard at the same time exercising usual vigilance. To render it impracticable for the more determined bucks to escape, the guard must be materially increased or a substantial guard house erected. Neither of these courses, in my opinion, is advisable, but rather that the Indians be removed to an Indian reservation. Their presence here is a nuisance and positive injury. The men required to guard them may be much better employed upon more active service. Apparently it will not be difficult to convince this particular lot of prisoners that it will be to their interest to remain upon a reservation-less difficult than to subsist and guard them here. It may be well to retain a few of the bucks at this post for a time, which will involve no other expense or trouble than the cost of subsistence. It is time that the Indians of this portion of the State should be removed to a place so remote that their return would be an impossibility. This is desirable in this case, and perhaps feasible. Indian Agent Wentworth, of the Southern District, might receive them if requested to do so. If this cannot be, however, it would be much better to send them to Smith's River Reservation than keep them where they now are. There is no difficulty in they way of their being sent to Crescent City (within twelve miles of Smith's River), as the steamer Panama makes occasional trips.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE.

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion of Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, SAN FRANCISCO.

Collector's Office, July 25, 1863.

General GEORGE WRIGHT.

Sacramento:

SIR: I have been waited on by many of our best citizens to consult about the condition of our present harbor defenses. I find a good deal of apprehension is felt by the thinking men in this community for the safety of our city in case an armed rebel vessel should make its appearance on this coast, a thing which is not at all improbable. They suggest that batteries should be placed on Lime Point, Black Point, and Angel Island, protected by earth-works, which could be done quickly and cheaply and at the same time would be an effective auxiliary to Fort Point and the fort at Alcatraz Island. The suggestions seem to me to be very forcible, and I deem it a matter of the highest importance that we should take every precaution to guard against the probability of a successful invasion by sea. I take the liberty to lay this subject before you for your consideration, and if not to much trouble I would be glad to get your views on the subject. If you will be in this city soon I would be glad to know when you are in town, so that I may call upon your and confer personally about it.

In haste, yours, truly,

F. F. LOW.

