HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 25, 1863.

Major GEORGE M. HANSON.

Superintendent of Indian Affairs.

Northern District of California, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have received your communication of the 23rd instant, and in answer would say that some twelve months since, I desired you to take charge of a large number of Indians then in military custody at Fort Humboldt. Those Indians had been gathered in during the previous winter and spring by the U. S. troops; and as they were consuming the provisions provided for the army, I wished the Indian Department to take charge of them and feed them. As to the particular reservation to which those Indians should be sent I had nothing to do. As you determined to remove them to Smith River Valley, for the reasons stated in your letter, I agreed to establish a military post in that vicinity. I am gratified to learn from you that a large crop is harvesting at Smith River. I shall be glad if you will take charge of the Indians now at Fort Humboldt, and remove them to a reservation as early as convenient. When you are ready to receive them I will send instructions to the officers commanding at Humboldt to turn them over to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

Sacramento, Cal. July 27, 1863.

Honorable F. F. LOW.

Collector, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 25th instant on the subject of defenses of the harbor of San Francisco. In anticipation of the possibility of a hostile vessel passing the Forts Point and Alactraz without serious damage and taking a position southeast of the city, beyond effective range of the guns of Alcatraz Island, as early as April I desired the chief engineer of the army on this coast to make a reconnaissance for the location of heavy batteries on Rincon Point, and also on Yerba Buena Island. On the 10th of June Colonel De Russy submitted to me a report on the subject, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. Inclosed herewith is a copy of a communication which I addressed to general headquarters on the 20th instant with the report of the chief engineer. + The points referred to in your letter are highly important as auxiliary to the first and second lines of defense, but without heavy batteries on Yerba Bueno Island and on Rincon Point the city might be imperiled. I shall be in San Francisco to-morrow evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CHICO, July 27, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT:

Great excitement here. White people killed by Indians. Volunteers in arms and threats of Indians extermination. Please order a company

See p. 532.

+See p. 531.

