
to Bidwell's Landing immediately to aid me in protecting, collecting, and removing Indians. Answer immediately.

G. M. HANSON,

Agent of Indian Affairs in the Northern District.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 27, 1863.

I ordered Captain Starr with his platoon to Bidwell with one wagon, to consult with superintendent, his supplies to go to Chico by water.

G. W[RIGHT].
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 28, 1863

Captain M. A. McLAUGHLIN.

Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Fort Tejon, Cal.:

SIR: It has been represented to the general commanding that the regularly constituted agent of the Indian Department at Fort Tejon, or on the Indian reservation near that post, has been interfered with while attempting to discharge the duties assigned him by Superintendent Wentworth; also that private persons and property have been molested. The general disapproves of any action of this nature, and desires you to restor everything, to the condition it was found, it practicable. Particular complaint has been made that Lieutenant Daley assumed authority not delegated, and interfered or destroyed private property. The general desires you to report in full on the subjects above alluded to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

R. C. DRUM

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA.

Hart's Mill, Tex., July 28, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith documents A to F, inclusive which will apprise the general commanding of another attack by the Indians in Cooke's Canon, and of the measures adopted by me to increase the force in the field operating between the Rio Grande and the Miembres River. The last advices from Texas leave no apprehensions of any advance by the rebels for the present. At all events with one company of infantry at Franklin and two at Las Cruces, which now garrison those posts, I can follow out my orders to lay waste, destroy, and fall back. Though my force on the river is now much reduced, I shall not hesitate to spare a few more troops for the field should the depredations of the Indians render such a step necessary. I wish that the company at Fort McRae coule change the role of masterly inactivity which the location of that post seems to impose. If Company K, First Infantry California Volunteers, can be spared from Fort Craig until such time as my present Indian campaign is completed, I would be much pleased to have orders to that effect. The troops now out should, if no other services recall them, be kept out until the Indians are thoroughly chastised. Their movements look like a rally to avenge the successes which we gained last winter and spring, and they have certainly

Not found.

