
done us serious damage. It is with reluctance that I abstain from taking the field myself. My district is so extended and the troops operating so many different detachments, that I have hitherto found it expedient to remain almost constantly at my headquarters. A few days' absence generally is attended with interruptions to the proper management of the affairs of my command.

Trusting that my action will meet with the approval of the commanding general, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., July 30, 1863-3 p. m.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

I have ordered the erection of earth-work fortifications for inner harbor of San Francisco. Full report in my letter of 20th of July. I most earnestly request that $100,000 may be placed to my order in New York or San Francisco.

G. WRIGHT.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 30, 1863.

Captain ROBERT S. WILLIAMSON.

Corps of Engineers, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR; Inclosed you will receive a copy of Colonel De Russy's letter to the commanding general of the department relative to the defenses of the harbor of San Francisco, with accompanying maps. The general desires you to take steps immediately for the construction of the works at the terminus of Harrison street, on Beale street, and also the two works on Yerba Buena Island, and for the purpose of completing these works within the shortest possible time you will, without delay, employ a sufficient force and purchase the material and implements necessary for the work. Should you desire it, and think it necessary, one of two officers will be specially detailed as assistants.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC

San Francisco, July 31, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the consideration of the General-in-Chief and War Department a communication addressed to my headquarters by Brigadier General P. E. Connor, commanding the District of Utah, dated at Great Salt Lake City, July 18, 1863. + The different tribes of Indians living within the District of Utah appear anxious for peace. Most of them have already made treaties of peace with General Connor, and I am sure that with the re-enforcmenets I

---------------

*See p. 533.

+See p. 527.

---------------

35 R R-VOL L, PT II

