
have sent forward the Overland Mail Route will be perfectly safe. I have been for some time considering as to the propriety of removing the troops from the immediate vicinity of Great Salt Lake City to the old position at Camp Floyd. Supplies are more easily obtained at the latter place, and it would obviate the irritations and complaints which are constantly arising between the soldiers and citizens. I have written to Governor Doty and General Connor on this subject, and should I decide to remove the troops to Camp Floyd I propose to establish the headquarters of the district in Great Salt Lake City. I shall not withdraw the troops from Utah. The presence of the force now there is indispensable for the protection of the Overland Mail Route and the general safety of the country. I have troops enough in California for present wants. Should it become necessary to use force to preserve the peace and quiet of this State we have plenty of loyal Union-loving men and arms in abundance to meet the crisis.

With great respect, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 31, 1863.

General GEORGE WRIGHT.

Sacramento, Cal.:

Persons from Chico ask that Starr's company be retained in that region to protect friendly Indians as well as the whites.

R. C. DRUM

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 31, 1863.

Captain JULIAN McALLISTER.

Ordnance Department, Commanding Benicia Arsenal, Benicia, Cal.:

SIR: The commanding general has directed Major Williamson to make immediate preparations for constructing batteries on Beale street and Yerba Buena Island for the purpose of protecting that part of the harbor of San Francisco. These batteries will be of sufficient dimensions to mount thirty or more guns. You will therefore report the number and caliber of heavy sea-coast guns at Benicia Arsenal, and available, at other points in this State. Such heavy guns and their carriages as you may have at the arsenal will be put in complete repair for the purpose above indicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. C. DRUM

Assistant Adjutant-General,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC.

San Francisco, Cal., July 31, 1863.

Captain THOMAS O. SELFRIDGE,

Commanding U. S. Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Much anxiety exists with regard to the defenses of the harbor of San Francisco. I have ordered the immediate erection of earthwork batteries on Yerba Buena Island and also on Rincon Point. Eighteen guns will be placed in battery on the island and twelve on the point. It is supposed that these batteries will effectually prevent a

