
reasonable and no objection existing, Lieutenant-Colonel Moore's command will halt at Camp Crittenden and retain possession. The change of camp will not affect the district headquarters, which will still remain in Salt Lake City, should you so desire it. You will advise the general by telegraph, if you think necessary, at what price the property can be obtained and when the command at Camp Douglas can be moved to Camp Crittenden.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS.

Fort Lapwai, Idaho, Ter., July 31, 1863.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters District of Oregon;

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge that since my communication of yesterday I have received per special messenger your letter of instructions of the 22nd instant modifying instructions of the 3rd instant. I have addressed a communication to Governor Wallace, who is now in Lewiston, requesting his interpretation of the second clause of the new treaty. From conversation with him I have no doubt but his views will be that no part of the new treaty can be carried into effect until ratified by the Senate, and that the provisions of the former treaty should be executed as heretofore. If so, I apprehend no difficulty with the Nez Perces. They are quiet and peaceable, and very little if any inform me if any more of the Indians get liquor, and I shall endeavor to put and effectual stop to the traffic, as nearly all the difficulties here between the whites and Indians have resulted from the sale of liquor to them. I have been unable to learn of a single instance of the sale of liquor, or to hear of a drunken Indian for the last eight days, though diligent inquiries have been made. Nearly all the grass has been burned for several miles around this post. Doctor Newell supposed it was the work of the Indians but I have good reason to believe that the prairies have been set on fire by white men. One white man was seen by two sergeants of this command on horseback, and was seen to dismount several times and set fire to the prairie. We lost between twenty-five and thirty tons of hay in the cock in consequence. I think the fires were set out through mercenary motives.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SEWALL TRUAX.

Major, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, August 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your order of the 30th ultimo, with the report of Colonel De Russy and the map referred to by him. Supposing that the exact locality indicated on the map for the Beale street battery is to be adopted the work can be commenced as soon as a working party can be organized, but it will be necessary, for me first to be informed of the kind of guns and gun carriages for that work. The height of the interior crest will be governed accordingly. From the map furnished, I am informed that there

