
of the Rio Grande, where the Column from California will commence crossing that river on the 9th instant. This cordelling can be done by a long rope pulled by men walking along the shore. General Atkinson took his whole command in 1821 from Saint Louis to the mouth of the Yellowstone by cordelling keel boats up the Missouri, a distance of 1,600 miles. You can do this with oine boat in two days, commending to-morrow morning. The general says he is sure you can.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA,

Miembres River, Ariz. Ter., August 6, 1862.

The general commanding, with the staff and Roberts' company of infantry and Cremony's and Pishon's companies of cavlary, will start for the Rio Grnde to-day. Colonel West's detachment will s tart for the Rio Grande on the 8th instant; Captain Willis' on the 9th instant; Lieutenant-Colonel Rigg's on the 10th instant. Each detachment in its organization and material will remain intact as heretofore.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Numbers 1. Fort Churchill, August 6, 1862.

The undersigned, pursuant to orders from department headquarters, hereby assumes command of the Military District of Utah, comprising the Territories of Utah and Nevada. In assuming command of the district I especially enjoin on all disbursing officers the necessity of being particularly attentive, careful, and economical in the disbursement of the public funds, and that they in no intance purchase from persons who have at any time, by word or act, manifested disloyalty to the Federal Government. Being credibly informed that there are in this district persons who, while claiming and receiving protection to life and property, are endeavoring to destroy and defame the principles and institutions of a Government under whose benign influence they have been so long protected, it is therefore most rigidly enjoined upon all commanders of posts, camps, and detachments to cause to be promptly arrested and closely confined until they have taken the oath of allegiance to the United States, allpersons who from this date shall be guilty of uttering treasonable sentiments against the Government, and upon a repetition of the offense to be again arrested and confined until the fact shall be communicated to the headquarters. Traitors shall not utter treasonable sentiments in this district with impunity, but must seek a more genial soil, or receive the punishment they so richly merit.

Byt order of P. Edward Connor, colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding District of Utah:

JAS. W. STILLMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 8, 1862. -For Carleton to Canby, reporting arrival of command on the Rio Grande, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 106.]

