
of Cooke's Springs. You will accordingly move with your whole command to Cooke's Springs as soon as a wagon with flour, &amp;c., shall reach you from here, which is ordered to start to- morrow. Captain Mitchell informs me that with this sadditional wagon you will have sufficient trasportation. Also that Captain Harrover's company will communicate with CaptaiN SHirland. I sahll send directions to the latter officer to retian Captain Harrover's company, but if you have any reason to believe that this move will fail, send a cavalry express after Captain Harover, with orders to join Captain Shirland at Cooke's. On your arrival at Cooke's Springs you will find allt he subsistence you need. The article required by Captains Mitchell, Ffrench, and Harrover will be sent to that point. I wish you to be personally present at Cooke's Springs on Sunday, the 9th intant, to meet me. A small cavalry escort can bring you through, and Captain Mitchell will then take the command forward.

I am, major, veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP BABBITT, August 6, 1863- 7. 20 p. m.

(Via Visalia.)

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Sergeant Stroble, of Company I, was deliberately shot and killed to- day by one James Wells, a noted rebel of this place. He made his escape. There is a detachment in pursuit. I have arrested one Gordon Douglass, who was connected int he shooting. An outbreak may be looked for at any moment. The rebls are well roganized. I have issued all the spare arms to the home guards. We need more. We can take care of ourselves if we had more arms.

WM. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Camp.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., August 7, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Mountaineeer Batt., Commanding Dist of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: It is the desire of the gernal commanding the department that in all operations against the Indians int he District of Humboldt particular care must be taken that no indicriminate murder of Indians is permitted. Let the troops impress upon the Indians by their acts that the guilty ones will be severely punished and the peaceful be protercted, and warlike demonstrations on their part will soon cease. The lawless acts of a few bad white men may frustrate all your plans for giving this protection. In that case the citizens of the district should act with you in arresting them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

