
SAN FRANCISCO, August 8, 1863.

Lieutenant- Colonel JONES,

Visalia, Cal.:

McLaughlin to send you with strongest company with arms and ammunition for citizens. Maintain your position at all hazards. If wires are down send express with copy of this to McLaughlin.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUQARTERS,

Fort Mojave, N. Mex., August 8, 1863.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GEENRAL,

Hdqrs. District of Southern California, Camp Drum, Cal. ;

SIR: I have the honor to report that I hear from various sources that there is a band of Pi- Utes, numbering from fifteen to twenty, who are annouing travelers on the road between Rock Spring and the Caves. It is said that they killed one of the mules of a team belonging to a citizen at Marl Spring some two weeks ago. The only instance of their misconduct of which I have reliable information is this: Two Government teams returning with potatoes for the acting commissary of subsistene at this post from San Bernardino were visited by this band at Soda Lake on or about the 30th ultimo. The Indians demanded flour and tobacco as the price of peace. Not haviang theese articles supplied them they commenced xlimbing into the wagons to help themselves, when the men with the temas seized their musket s, drofve them from the wagons, and by their prompt a ction and determinedmanner induced the Indians to lay down their bows and arrows and forego not only the aboe- mentioned luxuries, but the luxury of a fight also. The teams were in charge of Samuel Hoffner, and driven by William M. Miler and Samuel T. Rolson, all privates in B Company, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

J. IVES FITCH,

Captain, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, August 10, 1863.

Colonel H. M. BACK,

Sixth Infantry, Benicia, Cal.:

Colonelk Olney with four companies of Second Infantry will be in readiness to take the field. Direct transportation and supplies to be in readiness. Schindler and Reese will accompny Olney.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 11, 1863- 10 p. m.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding:

GENERAL: As recommended in your telegram of the 30th of July to the Adjutant-General, $100,000 has been assigned to the erection of earth- works for inner harbor of San Francisco, and application has

