
been made for $25,000 of that amount to be placed to credit of Colonel De Russy with assitant treasurer at New York. The remainder will be made subject to his check in such sums and at such times as he may request. Please inform Colonel De Russy.

I. CARLE WOODRUFF,

Major, Engineer in Charge.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OFT HE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 11, 1863.

Major R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Engineer Corps, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: For the reasons advanced in your communication of the 1st instant, the plan of fortifications proposed by Colonel De Russy for the defense of the harbor of San Francisco will, the general commanding directs, be modified to the extent suggested by you. Two batteries will be established on Yerba Buena Island at points desgnated in your letter, and one at the point about 500 yards beyond the terminus of Beale street to the left of Tichnor's boat- yard. You are authorized to make such additional changes as to the plans of the work as may be deemed necessary. The general desiers you to build a wharf on the eastern side of Yerba Buena Island for the landing of ordnance stores and materials. As the necessary menas have been furnsihed, it is important that the work on all those of the above- mentioned forts should be commenced without delay.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quartermaster- General, San Frqancisco, Cal.:

SIR: The department commander directs that immediate preparations will be made for constructing teporary quarters near the works about to be established on Yerba Buena Island. The command will consist of one field officer and four companeis. It is desirable that the work should be done as rapidly as possible. The officer placed in charge will onsult with Major Wiliamson as to the best location and means of communicating.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OFT EH PACIFIC, Numbers 188. San Francisco, August 11, 1863.

* * * * *

2. The headquarters and three companies of the Second Regiment Infantry California Volunteers will proceed by water to Stockton and thence to Millerton, Freson County, Cal. The headqluarters adn two companeis will reoccupy old Fort Miller, and the third company will move to Cmap Bbbitt, near Visalia, and report for duty to Lieutenat- Colonel Jones.

