
3. Captain Morton's company, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will be sent by water to Chico, Butte County, supplied with sixty day's subsistence and the necessary camp equipage.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant- General Wright:

EICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Fracisco, Cal., August 11, 1863.

GEORGE M. HANSON,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs,

Northern District of California, San Franciscco, Cal.:

SIR: Inclosed you will receive a letter addressed to these headquarters by Lieutenant- Colonel Whipple, of the Mountaineer Battalion, commanding the District of Humboldt. * The geenral commanding desires you to have the Indians now at Fort Humboldt removed to some Indian reservation. Colonel Whipple will be instructed to retain in close confinement such of the Indians as are known to be bad.

Verry respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AURORA, MONO COUNTY, CAL.,

August 11, 1863.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

San Francisco:

DEAR SIR: I hereby transmit the following statement accidentally obatined by a union man of this place, who cannot well come to San Franisco as a witness against the parties implicated, neither wishes to create enmity among the tritors, with whom he happens to be interested in mining claims. Except for these reasons his affidavit would accompany this letter. One L. H. Newton, an old resident, who has made onsiderable property in this district, gave out among his friends lately his intention to go to Mexico, &amp;c. Last week my infomant met him in a rather communicative mood, caused by liquor, and in the conversations tated his intention of going to Texas to fight for his country under one Jeff. Davis, adding, "and here in this pocket is my commission," a colonel's, I believe. He, L. H. N., also stated that they had a bark fitting out at or near San Francisco (which my informant heard from another source) that is intended for Confederate service; that was a very fast sailer, strong, and in everyr espect a finecraft; that her armament was down the coast, lately shipped from England, and that she would probably clear for the Fiji Islands or some of the islands in the Pacific. This Newton has been one of the most prominent seessionists in the distrit for a long time. He is about isx feet high, large and heavy built, light complexion, and whiskers on the chin; I think about hirty years of age. He leaves to- day for his destination. Have not been able to learn how long he intends remaining

---------------

*See Whipple to Drum, July 10, Part I, p. 196.

---------------

36 R R- VOL L, PT II

