
in San Francisco; probably untilte steamer sails for Guaymas. I am aware that the exit of his class from the State is a great advantage, but still think it my duty to give the facts, and searched and his commission is found, there is the proof. One Peter Johnson, a Swede, left here for San Francisco a few days since. He was overheard to say something about a bark being fitted out below for rebel use, but nothing different from the above account. I should prefer sending a sworn statement, but my autjhority would not permit the use of his name nor mine, saying the above were the facts and that they were at your serivce, and if you desired furyher proof a capable detective at the bay would be able to corroborate his story.

Trusting to your judgment in the matter, I remain, respectfully, your servant,

UNION LEAGUE.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Mr. Low, who will please favor me with his opinion.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUAARTES DEAPRTMENT OFTE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., August 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM JONES,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanding Camp Babbitt, near Visalia, Cal:

SIR: The general commanding has directed the following movement of troops for the purpose of assisting you to preserve the peace and giving the necessary protection to the Union element in Fresno and Tulare Counties: Headuqarters and two companies of Second Infantry to take post at old Fort Miller, one company of same regiment to proceed to Camp Bbbitt and report to you for duty. The geenral desires you to be prudent int he exercise of your authority, but should the occasion require it to act with firmness and promptness in putting down any disloyal demonstration. You will encourage the formation into companies of all persons in whose loyalty there is no doubt, with the understanding that in the event of an outbreak they will co- operate with your forces. With this understanding they can be supplied with arms from the surplus on hand in the several companies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUQARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., August 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel AMBROSE E. HOOKER,

SIxth Infantry California Volunteers,

Ciommanding Camp Bidwell, Chico, Cal.:

SIR: An arrangemetn has been entered into between Mr. Hanson, superintendent of Indian affairs for the Northern District, and Judge Wells, special agenyt of the citizens of Butte County, by which the citizens of Butte and ajdoining counties agreeto bring int he Indians to

