
I do not believe that his compalint was caused by any fear of danger, but was the result of my disapproval of his conduct and my plain language regarding him. The indorsement of the county officials of Shasta I believet o have been given in good faith, as I know them to be just and honorable men, but I know more of his conduct and character while living in these mountains than they possible can. I consider that ehe information which C. C. Bush has received, and which he states is patent, has been derived from persons no more reliable than what I consieder the man Ricahrds to be. My constant policy has been to treat the Indians justly, and to impress them with the idea that while I will severely punish them whwn guilty, I will protect them if they keep good faith and are peaceable.

Resepctfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MELLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter. m, August 13, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headuqarters Deaprtment of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: On the 5th instnt I addressed you a communication recommending to th gernal commanding the department that Major Lugenbeel be allowed to remain in command at Fort Boise until next spring, and that Colonel Maury should return and ake his headuqarters at Fort Walla Walla. Upon further reflection I wuld resepctifully recommend ath Colonel Maury be allowed to establish the headuqarters of the First Oregon Cavalry with one company of his regiment at Fort Dalles the coming witner. A company of cavalry can be wintered with less expense at Fort Dalles than at Fort Walla Walla, and this disposition of troops will also obviate the necessity of having the headuqarters of two regiments at one post. It will also bring troops nearer to my hand in case of any resistance to the process of enrollment, which will, I suppose, eventually be commenced in this region. The provost- marshals for Oregon and Washington Terrrotory have arrived. I suppose that at present only an enrollment will be made to put the machinery in radiness in case of any necessity for a draft. I suppose that a draft will be needed only in case of foreign war, and that even then the process of raising volunteers would first be exhausted before a conscription would be resorted to. I do not understnd that any orders for commencing the enrollment have yet been received. I may make this subject the topic of a future communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Department.

HEADUQARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, August 14, 1863.

ADJUTANT- GEENRAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

In reply to the request I made to you in my telegraphic dispatch of July 30, I have been advidsed by the Engineer Department that the sum

