
of $100,000 has been appropriated forthe erection of fortifications to protect the inner harbor of San Francisco. My letter to you, dated on the 20th of July, with accompanying maps, will fully explain the whole subject. Colonel De Russy and his assistant, Captain Elliot, are both now on the Columbia River; and I have directed Major Williamson, of the Engineer Corps, to commence the work at oncew and prosecute it with vigor. The prompt action of the Deaprtment in setting apart $100,000 for the erection of thiese batteries has been highly gratifying to the loyal citizens of this city, more expecially as previous to the receipt of the answer to my dispatch I had determined to commnece work at one, and th leading men of the city, with a noble patriotism, placed $20,000 at my disposal, and had it been necessary any addtional amount could have been obtained.

Veryrespectfully, your obedient ervant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S . Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 14, 1863.

(Received 3 a. m. 15th)

A. LINCOLN,

President United States.

As a committee of the people, we thank the Government for its prompt ; appropriatei9on for the defense of this harbor. Wear e exposed to great danger, and it is criminal to neglect the means of defense. After inquiry and consultation, we agree that all we ask is necessary. The steamer Active should be purchased for a signal and reconnaissnce vessel outside the entrance. Steamship Herman should be purchased and armed for war purposes outside and inside. Meanwhile a vessel be ordered from Mare Island to lei in channel as a water battery. The forts must have the aid of such vessels. The Active will cost about $35,000 in gold, and be ready in about one week. The Herman about $80,000, and ready in tyhirty or sixty days. Naval authorities have already recommended her purchase. Our necessity requires immediate action. Accept and act upon our judgment. Let telegraph bring necessary orders. Owners of vessels named know nothing of our action. Our services are entirely at disposal of Government.

F. F. LOW,

Collector.

H. P. COON,

Mayor.

BILLINGS.

H. ALLEN.

JAMES HITNEY.

FREDERICK McLANE.

LOUIS McLANE.

S. H. PARKER.

W. C. RALSTON.

