
Numbers 35, headquarters District of Oregon, and arrived here on the 6th instant, having been five days on the road.

J. S. RINEARSON,

Major, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., August 9, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

First Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Column from California:

SIR: The mail from San Francisco, &amp;c., arrived last Wednesday morning, the 6th instant, and I have been anxiously waitig for an express from the commanding general to learn the arrangmeents made to have the mails carried toward the Rio Grande. I have not heard from Lieutenant Guirado for ten days, though I wrote to him on the 3rd instant fora report of what his instructions were about remaining at the crossing of the San Pedro. Nothing is known to me about how long he was to remain there. It will require a large escort to insure the safety of any one going or coming the route to the Rio Grande. Now, of course I am no judge of the condition of affairs, and had not until to-day any force to spare to send an express on, for it was not until yesterday morning that Captain Green'es company (G), First Infantry California Volunteers, arrived from Fort Yuma. (Aggregate strength of company present, sixty-eight.) The number of privates for duty in Captain Ford's company (E), Fifth Infantry California Volunteers) is only twenty-six. I have heard from Mr. Solomon Warner, of this place, that a vessel loaded with Government stores was lost at the mouth of the Colorado River recently. I have no official notice of it, but Warner had a letter from Mr. Sylvester Mowry stating as a fact that the vesselw as lost. If it be so, it must have been one of two vessels expected by Lieutenant Barrett to arrive about the 20th ultimo. I beg that I may be informed what arrangements are made in regard to vedettes hence to the Rio Grande. None of the trains have arrived from Fort Yuma as yet. The Apaches are gettig very bold here. They have been tracked near the mill, and some private animals are missing. I had one trail followed to the Canada del Oro. In counting his mules Captain Davis discofers several missing, but how or when they left or were taken is not explained. They are guarded so as to be secure at night, but it is almost impossible to keep some from straying in the thickets in the daytime when grazing.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 110. Fort Humboldt, August 9, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel J. N. Olney, Second Infantry California Volunteers, is especially charged with the protection of that portion of the military district lying north and east of Redwood Creek and as far south as the head of that creek, and with the conduct of military operations therein. For that purpose, in addition to the garrison at Fort Gaston, Companies F and G, Second Infantry California Volunteers, now stationed at Fort Anderson and Camp Lincoln, respectively, are placed under his orders.

