
number of the persons signing are reliable men, but they may not be fully advised int the premises.

Very respectfully, your boedietn servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

[Inclosure.] AUBURN, BAKER COUNTY, OREG,. August 1, 1863.

His Excellency ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon:

The undersigned, your memorialists, would represent to your Excellency that during the past year many depredations have been committed by the Bannock or Snake Indians upon the oproperty of citizens of this State. Much stock, tot he amount of thousands, has been stoen and lives detroyed; that these Indians harbor in a large valley in Southeastern Oregon, and have lately driven back several large parties who have endeavored to prospect this region of our State, endangering their lives and st3ealing their horses to their damage many thousands of dollars; and we would further represent that theh valley inhabited byt ehse hostile tribes is one of the most beautiful and valuable portions of our Stated, inextent apparently larger than the Willamette Valley, fertile and well watered, a dn surrounded by rich minerla districts, which some of your petitioners have been prevented from prospecting by the hostility of thiese savages.

We would further represent that 150 men are willing to enlist for a sufficient space of teime to subdue the Indisns thus alluded to, and would ask Your Excellency to take the necessarys teps to procure the presence of a company of mounted troops to aid us, and we desire supplies and transportation for 150 men, who will mount themselves, adn serve free of charge, if such Government aid can be afforded.

J. A. LYTLE,

W. R. PARK,

S. A. CLARKE,

B. M. BOINHAM,

JOHN BRITTAIN,

J. W. CLARK,

[AND 50 OTHERS.]

SPECIAL ORDES, HEADUQARTERS DEITRICT OF OEGON, Numbers 90. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 14, 1863.

I. Captain L. S . Scott, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will leave Second Lieutenant James Davison with twenth- nine men in command at Fort Yamhill, Oreg., and with the balance of his command will repair to and take command of Fort Hoskins. The quartmaster's department will furnish the necessary trasportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-Geenrl Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenat, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

