HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,Hart's Mill, Tex, August 15, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have had an interview with Major Eilliam McCleave, Fist Cavalry California Volunteers, at Cooke's Canon on the 10th instant. The result was the establishment of that officer's command- COmpanies A aand C, First Cavalry; E and F, Fifth Infantry, and forty men of Companies B and D, First Infantry California Volunteers- at the Miembres River, with orders to make that point his depot, and to operate therfrom against the Indians, scouting the Florida Mountain and the one south of Cow Springs; also up the Miembres, the headwaters of the Gila, and toward Fort West. All the troops of my command that can be spared for the purpose shall be kept in active pursuit of the Indians. Captain Dresher, at Fort West, recently defeated an attempt to run off stock from that post. I have furnished Captain Greene, commanding Fort McRae, with twenty saddles, &amp;c., to mount his men on mules. I expect to hear a good account from that quarters.

I am, captain, veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wah. Ter., August 15, 1863.

His Exzcellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 14th instnat, inclosing a memorial from the citizens of Auburn, Baker County, Oreg., asking that 'supplies and transportation may be furnished for 150 men who will mount themselves and serve free of charge" for an expedition against the Snake Indians on the Malheur River, who "harbor in a large valley in Sutherastern Oregon," and have committed depredations and fired upon the miners in that region. I desire that you will please say in reply that I am authorized to issue supplies only to those mustered into the service of the United States. I regret exceedingly that I have not troops at my command sufficient to make such an expedition. If all the six companeis of caclry called for on January 6 by the proclamation of Your Excellency had been raised I should now have been able to comply with this proposition. As I am now situated I have not sufficient troops to enable me to send suh an expedition. The body of troops int his district are now in the field under Colonel Maury toward Fort Hall for th eprotection of the incoming emigration. I shall endeavor next seasont o send an expedition into the region of country described.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

