
CAMP BABBITT,

Near Visalia, Cal., August 16, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the geernal excitement caused byt the occurrece of the 6th instant, which resulted int he death of Sergeant Stroble, of Company I, Second Cavalry California Voluntees, has to a great degree subsided. Ex- Governors Weller and Downey addressed their rebel friends isn this place, guaranteeing to them their protection in the event of their election, of which they assured them ment, but rather increased it. The news that this camp is to be re- enforced by two companies, and also that Fort Miller is to be reoccupied, has had a beneficial influence uponthe moral conduct of rebles genrally. I am satisfied that an attack upon this camp waas planned, receiving aid fromFresno and above. James Wells, the principal actor int he affray on the 6th, has not yet been arrested. His friends will not gie him up to the civil authorities upon the conditions as telegraphed to you. They of course allege that they know nothng of him. I am satisfied that he is yet in Fresno Cunty. The testimony in the cases of prisoners Gordon Douglass and Robert Henderson will be taken as soon as all is quiet and forwarded to headquarters for the action of the geenral commanding. Captain Noble arrived at this camp on the evening of the 11th with a detahment of sixteen men, leaving Fort Tejon on the morning of the 10th. Captain McLaughlin had not yet arrived at the fort. Wehn the order arrived Captain Noble, learning its purport, and having been advised by messengerr the day before to hold himself in readiness, at once left with all the men that could be spared fromthat post without further orders. Captain Noble has returned to Fort Tejon for the balance of his company, and will arrive in about five days. Twenty- eight of the home guards have been doing duty at this camp for th last ten days. I did not deem it necessary for them to remain any longer. They were therfore dismissed fromfurther duty this morning. I permitted them to retain thirty carbines, with twenty rounds of ammunition each, so as to be ready for any emergency that may arise. That company ocnsists of sixty off good and eficient men, very well drilled, and in case arms could be procured for them they will render reliable service in preserving the peace or putting down any attempt to oopen insurrection. With the military preparations now being made int he rebel counties in this part of the State, I apprehend no further trougle of a serious nature, unless the State should be carried on the 2nd of September for Downey and his co- rebels. In the event of their success an outbreak is inevitable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. JONES,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Camp Babbitt.

CHICO, BUTTE COUNTY, CAL., August 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR; I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 188, Deaprtment of the Pacific, I embarked at Benicia on the 13th instant on the steamer Chrysopolis and arrived at this place at 7. 30 last evening with Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers. Not having received any instructions as to my course after arriving

