
here, I referred to Captain Starr, now stationed here with his company (F), Second Cavalry California Volutneers, and find that his instructions are to afford protection to peaceable Indins, and to consult with Major Bidwell as to the proper course to pursue. I have just had an interview with Major Bidwell, and he thinks it highly necessary that an additional company should be sent here of the protection of the peaceable Indians and fort he purpose of gathering int he Indians in the mountins about here who have been committing the late deparedations. A meeting of evil- disposed persons was lately held near here, at which it was relosbved to exterminate all Indiasns found in Butte County at the expiration of thirty days. THe thirty days will expire on the 27th instnat, and I respectfully request that I may be isntructed how to proceed int heevent of a collision. Major Bidwell goes to Sacramento to- day, and will lay the matter before the geenral commanding more fully than I can write. Captain Starr will proceed to the mountains with a detachment of his company on Tuesday for th purpose of bringing in some 200 Indians supposed lto be on pea Vine Creek, some twenty miles distant from this place. There are some 500 or 600 Indians now collected at this place (on Mjaor Bidwell's ranch), and I would respectfullys suggest that it is highly important that they shouldbe removed as soon as possible to some reservation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED MORTON,

Captain, Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Company K.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 17, 1863- 4. 30 p. m. (Received 19th)

Brigadier General G WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The first batteries to be constructed will be on Point Jose, say ten guns ; and on ANgel Island, say fromtten to twenty guns. Works on Rincon Point and Yerba Buena Island willl not be constructed at present. Full reports of Board of Engineers will be sent by mail.

H. W. HALLECK,

General- in- Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 17, 1863.

The Board of Engineers cfonvened by paragraph 2, of Special Orders, Numbers 365, of this date, to examine the subject of additional difenses for San Francisco harbor, have the honor to report as follows: While the defenses of the entrance of the bay of San Franciso are incomplete, the Board believe that every gun that can be sapred, every dollar spent, should be devoted to the perfection of these defenses. They think that ten heavy rifled guns at Lime Point would add more to the strngth of this entrance than fifty scattered at less important points. They are not prepared to decide whether such a battery is practicable, but they think it may be so; and if not absoluterly impracticable, recomend that a battery or several batteries be established at this point, to contain in all ten heavy guns. For the strengthening of the second line of defense they recommend a battery of ten guns on Point San Jose, and another of ten to twenty guns on Angel Island, so located as to unite as well as possible the defense of Rccoon Straits with a cross fire toward Alcatraz. Perhaps it may be best to make two separate batteries here. The Board are of opinion that the batteries proposed on Yerba Buena Island and Rincon Point are of too

