
secondary importance to justify their construction while the extenal lines are incomplete. They suggest that two or three powerful cnterpintle guns on Telegraph Hill might answer the purpose proposed, and at the same time add to the strngth of the interior defensive line.

Resepctfully submitted.

J. D. KURTZ,

Major of Engineers.

GEO. W. CULLUM,

Lieutenat- Colonel of Engineers.

J. G. BARNARD,

Lieutenant- Colonel of Engineers.

SASHINGTON, D. C., August 17, 1863.

Honorable F. F. LOW,

San Francisco, Cal.:

There seems to be considerable misunderstanding about the recent movement to take possession of the New Almaden Mine. It had no reference to any other mines or miners. In regard to mines and miners generlaly no change of policy by the Government has been decided on, or even thought of, so far as I know. The New Almaden Mine was peculiar in this, that its occupants claimed to be the legal owners of it on a Mexican grnt, and went into court on the claim. The case found its way into the Supreme Court of the United States, and last terma in and by that court the claim of the occupants was decided to be utterly fraudulent. Thereuponit was consideredthe duty oft h Governmant, by the Secretarty of the Interior, the Attonrney- Generqal, and myself, to take possession of the premises, and the Attorney- General carefully made out the writha dn I signed it. It was not obtained surreptitiously, although I suppose General Halleck thought it had been when he telegraphed, simply because he thoght possession was abut being taken by a military order, while he knew no such order had passed through his hands as General- in- Chief. The writ was uspended, upon urent representation fro California, simply to keep the peace. It never had any direct or indirect reference to any mine, place, or person, except the New Almaden Mine and the persons connected with it.

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, FORT TEJON, Numbers 16. August 17, 1863.

I. The undersigned herebhy assumes command of Fort Tejon.

II. All order hertofore published for th guidance of this command,

and not revoke, iwll, until further orders, remain in full force and effect.

By order:

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captian, Second California Cavalry.

HEADUQARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,

Fort Humboldt, August 17, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. G en., Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have th honor to acknowledge the receipt of department letter of the 7th instant. Sice having assumed command of this military district I have upon all occasions endeavored to carry out

