
the spirit of the instructions contained in above letter, as by reference to inclosed General Orders, Numbers 1, you will readily percive 	I have already adopted in operating against the hortile Indians. In this place, like all otehres, there are a few wothless scamps that will cause more or less trouble to the authorities in their endeavors to suppress Indian hostilities in this district; yet I am well satisfied that public sentiment is upon the proper side, and will heartily indorse the instructions received this day from headquarters Deaprtment of the Pacific.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 18, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: As the plans for additional batteries in the harbor of San Francisco, forwarded with your letter of July 20, differed very essentially fromthose agreed upon by the Board of ENgineers for the Pacific Coast, and also from the defensive points recommeneded by General Totten, Chief Engineer, t he Secretary of War directed that the matter be referred to a new board of enginees. This Board reports Lime Point, Point San Jose, and Angel Island as the best places for batteries. * It is believed, however, that a battery cannot be constructed on Lime Point without great expense on account of the character of the ground. Moreover, the Government has never been able to get any title tothe land. The same objection arises tooccupation of Telegraph Hill. Yerba Buena Island and Ricon Point are deemed too far within the bay. A vessel coming within the reach oftheir guns could fire uponthe city and the anchorage. It is not probale that the Ordnance Deaprtment will be able to supply additional guns at present. It, however, will be directed to send you a rifling marchine and rifled ammunition, so that the range of some ofed.

Veryrespectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General- in- Chief.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Colonel De Russy for his information.

R. C. DRUM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indoresement.]

Respectfully returned to Colonel Drum, assistant adjutant- genral, Pacific COast, with one inclosure.

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S. Engineers.

[Inclosure.] SAN FRANCISCO, April 19, 1856.

Bvt. Brigadier General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief of ENgineers, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The officers of the Board of Engineers for the Pacific Coast present in San Francisco havethe honor to submit the following report

---------------

*See August 17, p. 573.

---------------

