
SEPTEMBER 3, 1863.

A true copy from the records of engineer office at Fort Point.

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S . Engineers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC, Numbers 193. San Francisco, Cal., August 18, 1863.

* * * * *

3. Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Camp Douglas, near Salt Lake City. The quartemaster's department will furnish thenecessary trasportation.

By order of Brigadier- General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, A ugsut 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deaprtment of the Pacific, SanFrancisco:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this day's date, containing a copy of a telegram from General Halleck concerning the fortifications of tis harbor. I havethe honor to report the progress which has been made int he works you have ordered to be constructed: First. nothing has been done on Yerba Buena Island except as repeated personal examintions of the island and receiving bids forthe construction of the wharf. Second. The work on Steam- Boat Point has been profiled, the lumber for the revetment purchased and delivered at the spot, and an agreement has been made for the earth- work. If the work had not been interrupted, the epaulement would have been ready for the guns in about ten days. This battery would securet he unprotected part of the harbor, as far as six 24- pounder guns can do so. Third. I beg leave to remark that guns cannot be placed in the points mentioned in the telegram, protected by a proper epaulement, in less than fromonme to three months, and that no mattter how many batteries may be placed between the entrance of the harbor and the city, a rebel vessel might enter during a fog, or even in fair weather, by flying a Union or neutral falg, and when Ricon Point is passed would be secure from a any guns now in position. The copy of the telegram furnished me is not accompanied by instructions, and I respectfuly request them. In the meantime I have ordered all work to be stopped.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. WILIAMSON,

Captain, U. S. Engineers.

WAR DEPT., PROVOST- MARSHAL- GEENRAL'S OFFIACE,

Washington, D. C., August 18, 1863.

His Excellency JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson CIty, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: With a view to uniform and harmonius execution of the enrollment act, it has been deemed best to assign an officer of rank to duty for the Sate of California and Terrotory of Nevada. He will be

