
instruted to confer with Your Excellency, to superintend the operation of the provost- marshals and boards of enrollment in the several distrits of the State and Territory, to secure fromte provost- marshals and boards and submit to the State and Territorial Executives such rolls and reports as may be deemed neessary for the files of the State and Terrotory, and to prepare from the reords thereof and transmit to provost- marshals and boards of enrollment such information as may be received and useful to them in the performance of their duties placed at his disposal. In accordance with the foregoing, Bvt. Major George P. Andrews, Third Artillery, U. S . Army, has been appointed to take post at San Francisco, Cal. He is an officer of superior ability and a gentleman of attainments, and it is hoped his assignment will prove agreeable to Your Excellency. The War Deaprtment will be pleased if Your Excellency will communicate freely with him and secure as far as possible for all other officers appointed under the enrollment act the co- operation of the civil officers of your Territory.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost- Marsahl- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., Augsut 18, 1863.

Brigadier G en. BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S . Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The department commander directs that the headquarters of the Oregon cavalry will, as recommended in your letter of the 5th instant, winter at Fort Walla Walla. Having the headuqarters of two regiments at Walla Walla will, the genral thinks, be beneficial to both.

Very respectfully, your obedient ervant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 18, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Deaprtment of the Pacific, San Francsico, Cal.:

COLONEL: I havet he honor to report, for the informaiton of the general commanding the deaprtment, that Major P. Lugnbeel, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding expedition to Boise, ahs locaated the new military post of Fort Boise. The site selected is on a smallcreek one mile and a quareer from Boise River, on the north side, forty- three miles from its confluence with the Snake River, and 250 miles fromFort Walla Walla. Many of the roads through that country run near it; those from the eastern States, Salt Lake, and Washington Territory in sight. Some difficulty is experienced in building the post in consequanece of the e low rates of legal-- tender notes. in that country they bear merely a nominal value. The derparceiation of the Government curreny not only embarrasses the quartermaster's department, but also tends greatly to disaffect the men. The difference between their pay and the promises held out by the richest mines perhaps on the coast (the proximity of whihc make s thema ll the more tempting) is so great

