
II. Major J. F. Curtis, Second Infantry California Volunteers, is especially charged with the protection of that portion of the district lying south of Redwood Creek and north and east of Van Dusen Fork, and with the conduct of military operations therein. Fort this purpose, in addition to the garrison at Fort Baker, Companies A and B, Second Infantry California Volunteers, stationed at Fort Lyon and at Arcata, respectively, are placed under his orders.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

JOHN HANNA, JR.,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Second Infty. California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, San Diego Crossing of the Rio Grande, N. Mex., Numbers 10. August 10, 1862.

There is no good grazing on the west bank of the river near the San Diego Crossing of the Rio Grande. The detachments will do well to encamp a half mile or more before they come to the crossing. By taking the empty wagons 300 yards up the west bank of the river they can from that point be hauled across with ropes by hand by passing in a straight line diagonally down to a point of egress, which will be een on the opposite bank. There are three loads of forage on the east bank of the river. West, Willis, and Rigg are each to have but one. The best grazing on the east bank of the river is one mile below the crossing.

By order of General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 10, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt from you of a communication addressed to the department commander by certain citizens of this county, containing serious charges touching my conduct and competency as commander of this district. First. it is said that I have "lost the respect and confidence of the citizens. " If this be the fact, I am unaware of it, and am utterly unconscious of having done or said anything to cause it. Second. The futility and childishness of my actions are the subjec tof ridicule and contempt. Let some of these futile and childish actions be specified. It can then be seen whether there is ground for this charge or not. Thirs. I have "failed to chastise any of t he Indians who have committed so many murders. " Official reports show 37 Indians as known to be killed and 5 wounded by the troops under my command. It is a notorious fact that the Indians in this region always cary off their killed and wounded, so far as practicable, as a sort of religious duty. It is presumable, therefore, that the total number killed is much larger than this. Some of those killed are known to have been concerned in former outrages, and for aught my accusers can possible know, all the Indians who had committed murders up to the date of their complaint may have been among those chastised.

