
that many desertains occur. At last date about fifty desertions and occurred int he four companies with which he left FOrt Walla Walla. Three reservations beside the garrison have been selected for hay, wood, and saw- mill, maps of which Major Lugnebeel promises as soon as surveyed. He has established a saw- mill, run by mule power, seven miles from the post. By cutting a road to Grimes' Creek, five miles fartehr, he expects finally to establish the saw- mill run by water. On account of the great number of desertins, he has been compelled to hieremore citizen employes than he had intended. He has found lime, marl, material for adobes, and sandstone near the post, and hay on an island in the river. He contemplates building a large share of the houses of stone. I have no doubt that he will accomplish the work in hand, notwithstanding the difficulties of the situation.

I am, very esepctfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S . Volunteers, Commanding District.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IDAHO TERRITORY,

Lewiston, August 18, 1863.

Major SEWALL TRUAX,

Commanding Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a communication fro a committee of citizens of Elk City, detailing outrages lately perpetrated by Indians in that vicinity, and expressing apprehensins of further acts of violence from the same parties, who it seems are now camped intheir neighborhood. Deeming prompt action necessary to give protection to the citizens in that quarter, I have to request that you send to Elk CIity a troops of twenty or thiry men with such instructions to the officer in command as in your judgment the exignecy of the case requires.

Yours, respectfully,

W. H. WALLACE,

Governor of Idaho Territory.

[Inclosure.]

His Excellency W. H. WALLACE,

Governor of Idaho Territory:

At a meeting of the citizens of Elk City, held at Reese's Exchange, on Monday morning, August 10, 1863, for th purpose of adopting measures to procure men or arms for our protection against Indians, the undersigned were appointed a commitee to draft a communication to you on the subject. We respectfullys tate that a party who left here on the 3rd instant for Beaver Head were attacked witihin ten miles of this place, their animals all stolen, and one man badly wounded. Further, a Mr. Anderson, who left his camp on Crooked Cereek on the morning of the 4th for this place has not been heard from There is no doub t but that he has fallen into the hands of these same Indians, said to be Snakes. We are also informed that iwthin one day's ride from here there is a large body of Snake Indians encamped. They are leable to come upon us at any moment. Our situation is such that should they make any attak upon us we should not be able to defend ourselves, as we have very few fire- arms and little ammunition. We would

