
therfore most earnesly and respectfully ask you to send assitance, either in soldiers or otehrwise. If we had thirty stand of fire- arms we think we culd take care of ourselves.

Veryresepctfuly, your obedient servants,

THOS. M. POMEROY,

P. R. YOUNG,

DAVID REESE,

JOEL D. MENTON,

JOHN FLANAGAN,

Committee.

SAN FRANCISCO, Augsut 19, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General- in- Chief:

I have received your dispatch of August 17.

GEO. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., August 19, 1863.

Brigadier G en. P. E. CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah Ter.:

GENERAL: The instructions from these headquarters relative to changing the position occupied by your command from Camp Douglas to Camp Crittenden, and directing the movement of Lieutenant- Colonel Moore's command, are modified by the general commanding to the extent that if, in your judgment, the withdrawal of the troops from Camp Douglas would produce an impression on the minds of the Mormons that the removal was in consequence of dispprobation of your course while in command, or in any manner injurious to the interests of the Government, you will retian Camp Douglas as your course while in command, or in any manner injurious to the interests of the Government, you will retain Camp Douglas as your principal station. Believing that it would be well to reoccupy Camp Crittenden now or at some future day, the general desires you to ascertain at what price it can be purchased, and if the sum asked is small you can purchase and use it for such purposes as may be deemed necessary.

Resepctfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIESTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 19, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Deaprtment of the Pacific, San Fracisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have th honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the Deaprtment of the Pacific, that I have not forwarded Captain Cadwell with his company of cavalry to Cnayon City as reported in my letter of the 1st of july. The reasons for this change are that at the time I contemplated the movement promises were made to forward freight to Canyon City on pack- mules for 10 to 14 cents per pound, but in preparing the expedition it was found that parties for whose protection (partly) it was being organized controlled the packing interest at The Dalles, and would not forward Government stores for

