
less than 22 cents per pound in coin. At the same time rumors reached this office that there was great danger that the nez Perce Indians would become troublesome in consequence of the misinterpretation of the late treaty, the whites claiming that they were entitled to settle up the boundary of the new reservation before the ratificatin ofhte treaty by the Senate, and as Captain Caldwell's was the only disposable company, I deemed it prudent to hold it in reserve. I am happy to inform the general commanding that this disaffection among the Nez Perces is fort he present removed. The Indians have been assured, at my instance, by His Excellency W. H. Wallace, Governor of Idaho Territory and ex officio superintendent of Indian affairs, that the relations existing between them and the whites shall remain in statu quo until the ratification of the treaty by the Senate. This assurance appears to have quieted tehm. They were naturally sensitive as to the treaty not going into effect until the date of ratification, as after the old treaty they waited four years befroe it was confirmed. Captain Caldwell's company is encamped six miles from Fort Dalles, the horses finding good grazing, and I intend to keep the company there in reserve for any duty which may arise, and shall in the fall bring it to this post. It would seem that the depredations and incursions of the Snake Indians have not been very hostile of late. Next season no doubt it will become important to organize an efficient expediton against the Snake indians throughout Southeastern Oregon from The Dalles to the California line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-Gernal, U. S . Volunteers, Commanding District.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Augsut 20, 1863.

ADJUTANT- GHENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewithb a communicaiton adedressed to me by His Excellency James D. D oty, Governor of the Territory of Utah. it will doubtless be gratifying to the General- in- Chief and War Department to learn that the Indian difficulties in the Territory have been brought at last to a happy temination, a dn that agood fgeeling exists between the troops and inhabitants, promising peace and quiet in the country. In my communication adedressed to you on the 31st of July I adivsed you that I had under considerationt he propriety of rtemoving the troops from the immediate bvicinity of Great Salt lake City to the old position of Fort Crittenden, but previous to the receipt of the Governor's letter I had determined to maintian our present station at Camp Douglas. Two full companies of Nevada Territory cavalry now at Fort Churchill will move in a few dys toward Salt lake. The condition of affairs in California remains unchanged. THe near approach of the genral election for State and Federal officers creates some excitement int ehpublic mind, but no apprehensins of any serious disturbances are entertained. The election is a very important one, as it fixes the status of the State for the next four years. I have no doubt the Union party will carry the Stte by an overwhelming majority. The superintendent of Indian affairs for the Southern District of California having removed all the Indians (1,000 in number) from

