
Owen's River Valley toe the reservation near Fort Tejon, I have reoccupied that post with a squadron of cavalry. I ave also sent three companies of the Second Infantry California Volutneers, with the headquarters of the regiment, to reoccupy Fort Miller, in Fresno County. In Fresno, as wellas in the adjoining county of Tulare, there is a large element of disloyalty, and the pesence of troops in that quarter is indispensably necessary, at least until after the election. Some Indian difficulties in Butte County, east of the Sacramento River, made it necessary to send a force there. Lieutenant- Colonel Hooker, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, with two companeis of infantry and a detachment of cavalry, has been ordered up to removet he Indians, as well as to look after certain of the disaffected whites. I have nothing special to report of Southern California. With my troops at San Pedron, Los Angeles, San Bernardino, Yuma, and San Diegeo, pece, quiet, and respect fort he laws will be maintained. In the District of Oregon quiet prevails. The new post on the Boise River is being built as rapidly as circumstances will permit. THe cavalry under Colonel Maury, Oregon volunteers, now on the emigrant road, will fall back late in the fall, and owing to the scarcity of forage at Boise will witner at Fort Walla Walla.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S . Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, August 9, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the pleasure to acknowledge your letter dated July 31, which came here while I was on a visit to some of the Goshute tribe in Tooele Valley, who are suing for peace- protest that they are friendly to the whites and are afreid the soldiers will kill them. This is the condition in which I desiere to see all the tribes in this Territory. They now realize the fact that the Americans are the masters of this country, and it is my purpose to make them continue to feel and to acknowledge it. Without this there can beno permanent peace there and no security uponthe routes of travel. This has been mainly accomplished by the vigor and bravery of the troops under your command. The continued occupation of the posts at Soda Springs, Fort Bridge, and Ruby I deem indispensable, and that frequent excursions be made by the cavalry along the roads east and west of these points and north and south of this place. Your troops have displaced the Mormon power over these Indians, and it is of g reat importance to Government at this moment that it be kept where it is for a year or two at least. This city is the seat of all power in this country, and the only point from which the authority of the Government over the Indians or people can be, I think, successfully maintained. But it is only in case of hostilities by the Indians or open resistance to the lawzs and the judiciary that the soldiery can be usefully emoloyed here. At present there appears to be no danger of a collison between the troops at Camp Douglas and the inhabitants of this town. Severl of our most resepcted citizens were apprehensive at one time that seizures of citizens would be attempted without due authority, but it is now believed their fears were groundless, or if not, that the crisis has passed, and the inhabitants and troops are now associating together uponthe most friendly terms. There are reasons which cannot now be given why it is supposed Brigahm young does not desier the presence of troops either here or at any

