
place in the Territory; but I think it would be a detriment to the public service if this post should be abandoned at preshere shall appear a manifest occasion for it. If a collision occurs between the civil officers of the United States and the Mormons this is the place where it must occur, and where those officers will require instant protection and assistance. I presume you are aware that a military organization exists among these people in this city and in every settlement, whih, it is understood, is provided expressly to be used to maintian the Mormon authority whenever it shall conflict is likely now to occur, yet prudence and duty require that we should be prepared for it at the rieght point. The sword is not the weapon, as I conceive, with which to correct errors of either morals or religion, and I am sure, generak, that you no more than myself would wish to see it so employed; but it may well be used to resist the attacks of fanatics upon the consituted authorities of our country engaged in the performance of their duty. THis, like all other governments int he United States, is a government of the people, and should be adminsstered for their benefit. This is no more than is required by the opeple of every State. I have perhaps written in reply to your request with greater freedom on this subject than you desire, but it is one of much importance to this people and to the Government of the United States. Whiolst I would most earnesly reommend additional troops at Soda Springs, Fort Bridge, and a new post in Uintah Valley, where the Ute Indians are to be collected and settled, I do not think the force iat this point should be increased or diminished at this time. The favorable sentiments you express in regard to myselft are very gratifying and much esteemed. I was fully aware of the difficulties of the position by the fate of my predescessors and the knwledge acquired during my residence here. Many of those difficulties arise from the mistaken notion that the interests of this people and those of the Government are at variance. I think they are not, and that they may possibly become recondciled by o peace, which is, as heretofore, m y mission.

I remain, with great regard, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUANE DOTY.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEAPRTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC, Numbers 195. San Francisco, Cal., August 20, 1863.

* * * * *

2. Major ANdrew W. Bowman, Ninth Infanrtry, will repair to the Presidio of San Francisco and relieve Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Sibley, in command of the Ninty Regiment, U. S. Infantry. When relieved the latter will comply with orders received from the War Deaprtment.

3. Lieutenant Colonel Ambrose E. Hooker, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, w ith two companies of infantry (one of the Second and one of the Sixth), to be selected by the commanding officer of Benicia Barracks, will proceed without delay by water to Chico, Butte County, Cal. The command shall be suppklied with provisions to last until the 30th of September, and the necessary camp equipage. An additonal amount of subsistence will be sent ofr the troops already there. On his arrival Lieutenatn- ColonelHooker will assume command of al the troops at and in the vicinity of Chico, Cal. THe quartemaster's,. commissary, and ordnance departments will furnish the necessary transportation and supplies on requisitio.

* * * * *

