
5. The District of Utah will include the Territory of Utah, Camp Ruby, Nev. Ter., and the new post established at Soda Springs, in the Territory of Idaho.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTAMENTOFTHE PACIFIC,San Franicisco, Cal., August 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel AMBROSE E. HOOKER,

Sixth Infty. California Vols, Benicia Barracks, Bencia, Cal.:

SIR: You have this day been directed in orders to proceed with two companies of infantry to Chico, Butte County, Ca. T	he geneal directs you on your arrival toafford the superintendent of Indian affairs for the 	Northern Distrit all assistance in your power in gathering the Indains at such points as may be fixed upon, and removing them to the reservation or elsewhere, as he may request. The general directs that under no circumstances will you permit the indiscriminate slaughter of Indians who are known to be peaceable and quiet. You will select a cometent officer to discahrge the duties of quartemaster and commissary to your ocmmand.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Mountaineer Battalion, Commanding District of Humboldt,

Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your several letters of the 12th and 14th instant, I am instructed to say that should it be deemed necessary you are authoritzed to establish a camp north of but sufficiently near to Trinidad to give the required protection. Should it be found necessary to keep the troops at that point out during the winter they will be hutted. THe general authorizes the employment of not to exceed fifteen Indians as guides, at a compensation not exceeding one ration per day and $10 per month; the payment to be made by the quartemaster's department. Persons going to the New River settlements must be given to understand that they must get along the best way they can with their Indians wives and the Indians generally, and if they desiere protectin they must come within the limits of your posts.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Boise, Idaho Ter., August 20, 1863.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have tho honor torransmit herewith inclosed post returns of this post for the 1st, 2d, and 3rd of August, 1863. The buildings a re progressing in a satisgactory manner. It has cost a good deal of time and money to construct a wagon road between the saw- mill and garrison,

