
but I think that it will be completed during the present month, when we willhave no further difficulty in supplying ourselves with allthe lumber and shingles we may require. The want of a sufficient number of enlisted men has rendered necessary the employment of alarge number of citizens as laborers. The very great loss of oxen, mules, and horses has driven many freighters from the road, and we may find some difficulty in having all of our supplies brought forward this season. I propose sending Captain Hughes, assistant quartmaster, to Wallula to make the necessary arrangements about our supplies. I regret very much to inform you that I have heard nothing about any medicines or medical stores being en route for this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PINKNEY LUGENBEEL,

Major, U. S . Army, Commanding.

BENICIA ARSENAL, August 21, 1863.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Deaprtment, Scaramento, Cal.:

DEAR GENERAL; I take the liberyty of suggesting the propriety of telegraphing the Commander- in- Chief for heavy guns, carriages, adn a supply of projectiles forthe batteries to be established for the defense of San Francisco Harbor. The guns which I am going to mount are very old, and the dcarriages were made in 1846. Tehy were sent out for Colonel Stevenson's command, and are only fit for temporary use. Please exzcuse the liberty I have taken, but knowing the condition of the material I am repairing I thought it proper to submit the above.

I am, sir, veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

J. McALLISTER,

Captain of Ordnance, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

Resepctfully referred to Colonel De Russy, who will oblige the general commanding by informing him of the probable size and character of guns requisite of batteries ordered to bbe erected on point Jose and Angel Island. On the receipt of this informaiton the genral will telergraph to Washington on the subject.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Resepctfully returned to Colonel Drum with my letter of 25th of August, 1863*

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S . Engineers.

WASHINGTON, August 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance:

GENERAL: I think a rifling machine and the proper ammunition should be immediately sent to San Francisco, Cal., in order that a longer range may be given to some of the guns in the forts at that place.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General- in- Chief.

---------------

*See p. 590.

---------------

