
HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., August 22, 1863.

Captain M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Fort Tejon, Cal.:

SIR: I am instructed to inform you that your services att his particular time cannot be sapred from Fort Tejon. The enemies of our Government are active and require not only close watching but to be et ina determintd manner should they attempt a distrubance. The general will probably entertain an application for leave of absence afeer the State election.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUQARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA,

Hart's Mill, August 22, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my last advices from Major William McCleave, commanding detachment at the Miemberes River, give information that he has two companies of infantry and one of cavalry engaged in scouring the country for Indians in the vicinity of Florida Mountain. I expect that all the good that can be accomplished by Major McCleave's command will be attained by the 20th of September next, and respectfully ask permission to dispose of the troops subsequent to that time upon the Rio Grande and at Fort W est as follows: To garrison Fort West with two companeis of infantry, Captain V. Dresher, First Infantry California Volutneers, commanding; to post one company of infantry at Cooke's Springs, Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding; to replace Company E, First Cvalry California Volutneers, now on vedette duty between Las Cruces and Tucson, by COmpanY C, of same regiment, and to station Captain Wellamn with his company at the Miembres River; to post two companies of infantry and CompanY A, First Cavalry California Volunteers, a t Las Cruces, with the headquarters First Cavalry, Major William McCleave, commanding; to post two companies of infantry at Franklin, Tenn., under Colonel George W. Bowie. This is a small comamdn for Colonel Bowie, but it is nearest the rebels. The probable necessity for escorts to my supplies from the Pacific Coast warns me to put my cavalry (three companeis) upon an efficient footing. Wellman's can be recruited, refitted, and remounted at the Miembres RIver. Captin Ffrench's company and Major McCleave have been in the field nearly a year. The major, officers, men and horses need rest. All these dispositions are proposed with a view to striking at the Indians whenever and whereverit can be done. I see no reaso to recommend any change int he garrisons of Forts McRae, and Bowie, and Tucson.

Permit me to request the favor of an early answer, and to remain, captain, with much rdientservant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

