HDQRS. EXPEDITION AGAINST THE SNAKE INDIANS,Camp on Port Neuf River, August 23, 1863.

Brigadier G en. P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Commanding District of utah, Great Salt Lake City, utah Ter.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknwledte the receipt of yuours daated August 1. I had received one of same date and tenor from Governor Doty while en route to this camp. There are no Indians on the north side of Snake River between this and Fort Boise. The emigration thus far has gone through without trouble or interruption from any source. The Bannock Indians refgerred to by you I find encamped near old Fort Hall. They express great desiere to be at peace. I have no authority to treat with them, but have adopted your suggestions with regard to them. Most all the Indians that live norhtwest of Salt Lake visit the country known as the camas grounds, and remain in the at vicinity tillt he salmon or fishing season commences, and I fear unless they are collected and settled, and a supervisory control execised, that difficulties will recur on their periodical visits for the purpose of gathering roots, as mining parties are scattered through the country generally, and frequently offering great temptation for them to steal, and not unrequently committing aggressions, which induce retaliateion and war. I hope to find on the south side of Snake River on my return to Fort Walla Walla the remaining portions of what are known as the Shoshone or Snake Indians, and to be able to inflict such punishment as their crimes deserve. They are, I think, on the headwaters of the strams whtihc enter Snake River below, the Salmon Falls. I will remain in this camp for several days, awaiting the arrival (if there is any more) of the rear of emigration for Oregon and Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

HEADUQARTERS, Fort Bragg, Cal, August 23, 1863.

Lieutenant,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Mil., Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: I do myself the honor tor eport that in consequence of reported depredations by hostile Indians within thirty miles of this post I proceeded in command of a party, consisting of one sergeant, one corporal, and seventeen preivates, to the neighborhood of Shelter Cove and from thence followed up the course of Eel River, scouting over a distance of eighty miles. One Indian camp was destroyed with such articles of provisions as were left by them when they fled. The party returned to the fort this day, having been out twenty days.

I am, sir, veryrespectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. HULL,

Captain, Second California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

SAN FRANISCO, August 24, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department ofhte Paific, San Fracisco:

SIR: I have the honor to report thatI made a visit this morning to the island of Los Angeles and gained the following information: At the

