
Again, there is now ay of finding these murdering bands but by constant and active scouting in every direction, and if this has been faithfully done none of us are to blame for finding so few Indians. As a proof of the amount of scouting done, I have now on file some fifty official reports of hard and exhausting scouts, most of them of fifteen days, signed by the offices who conducted them. Fourth. I am totally ignorant of Indian warfare; have never taken any part in actual service here, and am totally ignorant of its necessities. It is true that I arrived here ignorant to a great extent of Indian warfare, at least of that difficult and laborious kind of wolf hunting which goes by that name in this district. I therefore set myself to work to acquire all t he information I could from every quarter relative to the face of the country, the habits of the Indians, their numbers, and their usual haunts. At the same time I invited the most intelligent of the old settlers that I met to give me their ideas as to the best mode of accomplishing the object for which I was sent, and whaterver of the few suggestions I have received and thought to be valuable I have adopted. As to the details of the best modes of scouting, I left them to the officers themselves who were to cnduct the scouts, giving to each company as guide the services of the best old hunter or mountaineer they could find. Having none of the practicale skill in trailing Indians of a Leather Stocking, I have not thought it my duty, as commander of the district, to accompany the detachments in their scouts, especially as by so doing I should be obliged to let the district business at headquarters, which requires unremitted a ttention, take care of itself. Yet, as some of the signers of the complaint personally know, on the only occasion during my presence in the district that offered itself for a combined movement of several detachments in the hope of hemming the Indians in, I didin person in company with the troops. Fifth. My orders to my subordinate officers have been improper and injurious. Let the orders complained of "improper and injurious" be pointed out. Until they are, I have no opportunity of justifying or explaining them. Sixth. the citizens have no cause of complaint against any of my officers, except certain ones who are my paricular pets and confidants. I am entirely unconscious of having any pets or confidants among my officers, and cannot even guess who are the ones supposed to be so. I shall be very glad if General Wright or some officer deputed by him would examine into these charges in the mosdt thorough manner, and if they should be found to be true, my resignation will be immediately at the disposal of the department commander.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Mil. Dist.

[AUGUST 10, 1862. -For Canby to Adjutant-General of the Army, referring to Carleton's operations, see Vol. IX, p. 689.]

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 11, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, Washington, D. C.:

Brigadier[-General] Carleton's advance occupied Fort Thorn, on the Rio Grande, on the 4th of July without opposition. Rebels have fled from Arizona and Mesilla. Carleton's and Canby's forces co-operating and moving on Fillmore and Bliss.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

