
points to be occupied. In a harbor like this one, where the defensive positions are at a considerable distance from each other, it is evident that rifled guns, if they can be procured, would be preferred, but it is doubtful whether such can be otained in proper time; if not, we must resort to 42- pounders and to 8 and 10 inch columbiads.

A battery of ten 42- pounders at Point San Jose with a hot- shot furnance would, in connection with the batteries at Alcatraz Island, be a formidable barrier against any approach on the city by that channel- way. The two other channels west and east of Angel Island should be protected by a battery of eight or ten guns each, the one on the west point of the island with 10- inch columbiads and the one on the east point with 8- inch columbiads. I would therefore recommend that an application be made for ten 42- pounder guns and eight 10- inch columbiads and carriages, also eight 8- inch columbiads and carriages with a proper supply of projectiles for each caliber and the iron fixtures for one large size shot furnace.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. E. D E RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S . Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Miller, Cal, August 25, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to the geenral commanding that there is, in my opinion, little reason to apprehend any difficulty in this vicinity at the approaching election. The arrival of the command caused no excitement at Millerton. The Union men are undoubtedly in a sm all minority hereabouts, but the copperhead element shows no dispositio to obtrude its sentiments by noisy demosntrations. I hear that all is quiet at Visalia. I shall not be able in accordance, colonel, with your suggestion, to visit Visalia earlier than ten to fifteen days from this date, owing to an accident on the march hither which has temporarily disbled me. Just before day on the 17th my horse, moving rapidly, stepped into a hole, and falling threw me violently, breaking my collar bone and inflicting severe contusions and sprains in addition. After the bone had been set I was placed in the ambulance, and being lfted in and out each day, managed to keep up with the command for the remaining eighty miles, suffering considerably, of course; but I was anxious, in view of possible difficulty at Millerton, to continue with the troops. I am now rapidly mending, and can walk about a little. The surgeon assures me I sahll remain hors de combat not exceedingtwo weeks longer.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Post.

HEADUQARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,

Fort Humboldt, August 26, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Deaprtment of the Pacific, San Franciso:

COLONEL: I have th honor to report that Indians removed fro this county to the Smith River Reservation are making their escape in samll

