
the river; its exact position I do not know. He says that it possesses advantages much superior to Tongue Point. Once going above Astoria to plant defenses we should go, he says, to that point. He commanded a steamer for years on the river, and is therfore familiar with it. He says that the chanel is here very narrow, and a battery would be very formidable. If you recommend it, I shall take immediate steps to have a military reservation declared and laid off there, if perchance it is now owned by the Government. WIll you please ascertain who owns the land, if you think the step a wise one! Indeed, if there is any other point on the irver owned by the United States, which in your judgment should be declared a r eservation, I will take the requisite steps. Of course, captain, I do not claim any rights to give your orders; I only invite your attention to them. I have not yet heard of the ordnance being under way around Cape Horn. I suppose it ought soon to be shipped from the East. The Chief of Ordnance December 22nd last promised them. I reminded him again in May. I wrote him agin to- day.

I am, veryrespectfully, yo8ur obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier- General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 29, 1863- 10 a. m.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutnt-General:

Chief of Engineers requires for fortifications authorized at San Francisco ten 42- pounder guns, eight 8- inch columbiads, and eight 10- inch columbiads and carriages, supply of projectiles, and iron fixtures for large shot furnace.

GEO. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-G eneral.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 29, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Have compromised subject to approval, and under advice of Governor of this State and other leading men. The rights and interests of the Government have been resepcted. Shall return in September, and as the case is complicated would like to have opinion suspended until I can personally explain. You will then be satisfied with my action. I congratulate you on the great victories.

LEONARD SWETT.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 29, 1863.

Honorable L. SWETT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

If the Government's rights are reserved the Government will be satisfied; and at all events, it will consider.

A. LINCOLN.

