HEADQUARTERS DEAPRTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 29, 1863.

ADJUTANT- GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication* addressed to me by Captain J. McAllister, Ordnance Deaprtment, commanding Benicia Arsenal, together with a letter,+ dated August 25, from Colonel R. E. De Russy, U. S . Engineers, to whom I referred Captin McAllister's communicaitn, respectfully and earnestly recommending that the guns, projectiles, and iron fixtures for a large size shot furnce may be sent to this place as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OFT HE ARMY,September 24, 1863.

Resepctfully refered to the Engineer and Ordnance Deaprtmetns for report as to when these guns, carriages, &amp;c., can be supplied, and how many can be furnished for San Francisco, hving proper regard to the requirements of other points to be defended.

By order of the General- in- Chief:

GEO. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

September 25, 1863.

Resepctfully forwarded to the Ordnance Deaprtment, copies having been retained.

I. C. WOODRUFF,

Major of Engineers in Charge.

[Third indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

October 7, 1863.

Resepctfully returned to the General- in- Chief. Ordes were given on the 6th instant to send to Colonel R. E. De Russy at San Frncisco, for that harbor, two 15- inch Rodman guns, with iron carriages, implements and equipments complete, and 400 rounds of ammunition; ten 10- inch Rodman guns, with iron carriages, implements and equipments caompete, and 1,000 rounds of ammuniton; five 8- ich guns, witjh carrigaes, &c., complete, 500 rounds of ammunition; all to be shipped from New York, and on the completion of this order twelve 42- pounder rifled guns, with iron carriages, &c. The carriages are now ready, but the guns have to bebanded; those first finished will be sent. Projectiles will be sent with the guns.

The same order, with the exception of the rifled 42's, is to be duplicated for Cape Disappointment, Oreg., that for San Francisoc taking precedence.

GEO. D. RAMSAY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

---------------

*See August 21, p. 586

+See p. 590.

---------------

