HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,San F	racnico, August 31, 1863.

ADJUTANT- GENERAL U. S . ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: After reeiving the dispatch of the General- in- Chief, directing that batteries be erected on point San Jose and on Angel Island, instead of RIcon Point and Yerba Buena Island, and stting that the report of the Board of Enginers would be sent by mail, I had a conversation with COlonel De Russy. The colonel suggested that nothing be done untilt he receipt of the report of Board of Engineers. My object was to thrown up temporary field- works at he most exposed points, and with the greatest dispatch, to protet the city against the assaults of any hostile vessel. I asked that $100,000 might be placed to my orders for this purpose, and at the same itme I directed Captain Wiliamson, of the Engineers, on duty at my headquarters, to commence the work at once. If the batteries at the points designted are to be erected by the Engineer 	Deaprtmetn, under special cotnrol of that Bureau, I presume tthat no furtther responsibility willfall on me if they are not ready when wanted.

Veryr esepctfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S . Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, August 31, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

DEAR SIR: I fear greatly that the masterly inactivity system and the time consumed in planning and deliberating as to the best points for our batteries, and then going to work with permanent fortifications, slowness may be fatal. While we are meditating some morning, the first thing we shall know will be the enemy's guns thundering against the city. I have an engineer (Williamson), and if the money the Department granted for these batteries could be subject to my order and expended by him, we could havet he batteries completed in a very short time. But under the direction of the Engineer Bureau months will elapse before the profiles are drawn. Prompt and energetic action are necessary or we may suffer terribly.

Yours, very truly,

G. WRIGHT.

HEADUQARTERS DEPARTMENT OFTHE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., August 31, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM A. WINDER,

Third Artillery, U. S . Army, Commanding Alcatraz Island, Cal.:

SIR: THe department commander desires that the officers and enlisted men of your command shall remain at the post during election day, the 3rd proximo. Any volutneers at uyour post not under arrest will be sent to the provost- mashal's office to deposit theirvotes and immediatlely return to their post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-Generall.

(Same to Commanding Officer Fort Point, Cal.)

