
3. Colonel Columbus Sims, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will move from his camp near this city at an early day, with his headquarters and two companies of his regiment, by water to Sacramento, and thence by land along the mail route.

4. After crossing the Sierra Nevada Mountains, Colonel Sims will report to Colonel Connor, by whose orders he will be governed in his further movements.

5. Colonel Connor will establish a post at Ruby Valley, with the headquarters of the Second Cavalry and Companies H and K of the same regiment, and then advance to the vicinity of Salt Lake with his seven companies of infantry, Price's company of the Second Cavalry, and his field battery, and select a suitable position for a post.

6. The different staff departments will furnish the necessary transportation and supplies to insure a prompt movement.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 26. Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 5, 1862.

I. The companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers now on duty at this post will march this afternoon for Tubac, with the exception of such members of Company A whose horses cannot, in the opinion of the commanding officer, march without being shod. A post will be established at Tubac according to the directions given by the general commanding.

* * * January

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel West:

LAFAYETTE HAMMOND,First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster

First Infantry California Volunteers, Acting Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 5, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that upon the representations of the superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon, preferring its necessity and convinced from other sources of its propriety and requirement, I have directed the commanding officer at Fort Dalles to send at once to the Indian reservation at Warm Springs a detachment of twenty men with one subaltern. Fears are expressed by the subordinate agent at the reservation a foray from the Snake Indians, and he represents his inability to control the Indians under his care without the assistance of an armed force. It is presumed that this small force will afford a sufficient guard for the property of the Indians and Indian department there, and restore the influence of the agent in his duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding District.

