
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 30. San Francisco, Cal., August 11, 1862.

The general commanding the department has the pleasure of announcing that our flag waves in triumph over the whole of ARizona. On the 21st of June, Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding the Column from California, detached from Tucson a strong reconnoitering force under command of Lieutenant Colonel E. E. Eyre, First Cavalry California Volunteers. The command, after a hard march, r eached the Rio Grande on the 4th of July, and raised our national colors over Fort Thorn, all the rebels having fled on the approach of our troops.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Eyre and the officers and men of the First Cavalry, composing the reconnoitering force, the highest praise is awarded; they had the honor of raising the Stars and Stripes over the last stronghold of the rebels on this side of Rio Grande.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 11, 1862. -For Canby to Carleton (two c ommunications), relating to operations in Arizona and New Mexico, &amp;c., see Part I, pp. 107, 108.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 13. Las Cruces, N. Mex., August 11, 1862.

I. Company E, First Infantry, Companies B and D, First Cavalry, and Company B, Second Cavalry, will for the present take post at Fort Fillmore. These troops will be subsisted to include the 20th instant.

II. Acting Assistant Surgeon Kittridge will be the medical officer of this command.

By order of General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Fort Churchill, August 11, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the arrival of Colonel Sims' command at this post to-day with Captain Smith under guard, and the men and the majority of the officers in a state of insubordination. The command lost thirty men by desertion on the route, and I am informed by Major McGarry and other officers that if the companies designated for that purpose are left at Ruby Valley with Colonel Sims in command there will not be thirty of them left in sicty days. On the route the officers threatened to leave the colonel and march their companies to this post without him. Last night the command encamped in the vicinity of Virginia City, and the colonel dispatched an officer to me for a force to suppress a contemplated mutiny among the men. He also feared a demonstration by the citizens of Virginia City to release Captain Smith from confinement. I conjectured that his fears were ground-less and did not send a force, but telegraphed to him to make a forced

