
of six companies during the coming winter. By a communication of the 22nd ultimo, just received from headquarters Department of the Pacific, he is notified that Colonel Maury and the headquarters of his regiment and one of the companies now with him will come to Fort Dalles to winter. That will leave two companies of infantry and two companies of cavalry to winter at Fort Walla Walla. The general directs men to inform of this, in order that the arrangements for forage, fuel, and quarters may be regulated accordingly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT POINT, CAL., September 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department of the Pacific:

SIR: In compliance with instructions received yesterday I have the honor to report as follows with regard to the armament of this work, its present condition, and what is required to complete its efficiency: The present armament consists of the following pieces of ordnance: Six 24-pounder sea-coast guns, mounted on casemate carriages, in the northeast bastion and commanding the road approaching the fort. Eleven 32-pounder sea-coast gruns, mounted on barbette carriages on the southeast face of the fort, and commanding the hill opposite and the wharf and the water contiguous thereto, and also a battery of ten 42-pounders outside of the fort. Thirty-eight 42-pounder sea-coast guns; of these twenty-eight are mounted on casemate carriages in the ground tier of casemates and commanding together the entire entrance to the harbor. Ten compose the exterior (barbette) battery spoken of above. This battery faces Point Bonita and commands the outer bay. Eight 8-inch columbiads mounted on barbette carriages on the northwest face and commanding the entrance to the harbor. Two 10-inch columbiads mounted on barbette columbiad carriages in the northeast and northwest bastions, commanding together the road to the fort and the whole of the harbor and the outer bay within range. Four 24-pounder howitzers mounted on flank casemate carriages in the counterscarp gallery and commanding the ditch. Five 24-pounder Coehorn mortars. Six 10-inch siege mortars. In addition there are eight 42-pounder guns not mounted and five barbette carriages. These cannot be used except to replaced disabled guns and carriages, as all of the unoccupied positions for barbette guns are fitted for columbiad carriages. The entire armament of the fort is in good serviceable condition. Many of the carriages require scraping and painting, and this is being done as rapidly as the means at my disposal will allow. The columbiad carriages have just been repainted, and artificers are now engaged on the casemate carriages. There is a large number of shot and shell at the post requiring beds for their proper care. In their present condition (unpiled) they are very much in the way. Requisitions for materials for shot-beds were forwarded August 4, 1863. These requisitions included also sundry other articles of ordnance stores necessary to complete the efficiency of the armament. These requisitions have not yet been filled. There are no suitable provisions for firing hot shot. With the limited garrison I have been doubtful of the propierty of making arrangements for firing hot shot. I determined, however, some days ago to make requisitions

