
CAMP LINCOLN., CAL., September 3, 1863.

First Lieutenant AQUILA W. HANNA,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers,

A. A. A. G., Humboldt Military Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

In compliance with your orders of August 21, 1863, I have the honor to inform the colonel commanding the district that the special supervision of the Indians of the Smith River Valley Reservation is under the special charge of the supervisor, Mr. Bryson. As for the control which I assume to have, or can be expected to have by the Indian agent, over the Indians placed upon the reservation, is when called upon for protection to prevent the escape, or, furthermore, to pursue escaped reservation Indians, and to proceed against reservation Indians as well as Indians in general who are agrressors on the rights and property of the inhabitants of those places liable to suffer under like circumstances. The responsibility for the escape of Smith's River Valley Indians from the reservation cannot be fixed on anybody, as Indians inclined to leave Smith's River Valley Reservation can do so at any time, favored by the forest of redwood by which it is surrounded, and by the topography of the country. The Indians of this section of the district, namely, Klamath, Smith's River, and Crescent City Indians are generally well disposed. Occasionally a white man gets amongts them and causes some disturbance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. O'BRIEN,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp.

FORT TEJON, CAL., August [September] 3, 1863.

Lieutenant WILLIAM FORRY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, California Volunteers,

Southern District of California, Campt Drum:

LIEUTENANT: I beg leave respectfully to state that by telegram received to-day, dated San Francisco, Cal., August 31, 1863, and signed Colonel R. C. Drum, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, I am informed that Fort Tejoin is in Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis' district. I have the honor, therefore, to report for the information of the colonel commanding that in obedience to instructions dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, July 9, and extract No. 1 of Special Orders, No. 167, dated July 10, 1863, Companies D, E, and G, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, left Camp Independence, Owen's River Valley, on the morning of the 6th of July, 1863, en route for Fort Tejon, Cal. The command arrived at Wawlker's Pass on the 10th of August, where, finding less forage than calculated upon, Companies D, E, and their transportation were obliged to go by way of Kern River, Hot Springs Valley, Walker's Basin, Agua Caliente, the Sinks of Tejon, Sebastian Reservation, and Canada de las Uvas, arriving at Fort Tejon on the 17th of August. Time occupied, eleven marhcing days, having remained at Hot Springs Valley one day for repairs; distance traveled, about 250 miles. The route from Walker's Basin to Agua Caliente, a distance of about twelve miles, is almost impracticable for wagons, which were lowered down the mountains by means of ropes. Company G, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Captain Ropes commanding, is, according to the instructions above referred to, encamped upon the South Fork of Kern River, about three days' march (without wagons) from

