
Fort Tejon. The company has rations until October 1, 1863. On my arrival at Fort Tejon, August 17, 1863, I immediately assumed command, and in obedience to instructions from headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated August 8, 1863, I ordered Company E, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, commanded by Captain Noble to report to Lieutenant Colonel William Jones, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, at Camp Babbitt, ner Visalia, Cal. Company E therefore left this post on the 18th on its way to Camp Babbitt, accompanied by Lieutenant Naper and party. I would respectfully state that the command stationed here is insfuccient tovice required; that there are nine general prisoners here (vide return), either in arrest or confinement, against whom charges have been peformed and forwarded to headquarters Department of the Pacific; that a guard is required at the Indian reservation situated about twenty-five miles from the post; also that if it is intended to occupy this post during the winter, many very necessary repairs are needed, and fuel and forage should be provided. In conclusion, I wish to be permitted to state that your letter of July 20, 1863, directing me to report to your headquarters upon my reoccupation of Fort Tejon, was received by me at Camp Independence, and was consequently of no force. Yet, upon my arrival at Fort Tejon, had I been certian that I was in the district commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, I would have reported without any order to that effect. I hope this be deemed sufficient apology and explanation to the colonel commanding is respectfully submitted.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 3, 1863.

Admiral C. H. BELL, U. S. Navy, or

Commanding Officer of the Pacific Squadron, Harbor of Panama:

SIR: The object of this communication is to invite your attention to the propriety of sending a war vessel to the Columbia River. To my earnest application to the honorable Secretary of the Navy that an iron-clad vessel should be sent to this river, reply is made that I must apply to you for protection. You may not be aware of the great interests now centerning here. The population and commercve are constantly increasing. The continued fresh discovery of gold filds, extending over a wide extent of country in Oregon and Washington Territory, show that we have a second California. There are now between the ranges of the Cascade and Rocky Mountains, and in Idaho Territory, probably, 40,000 miners, and thousands more are en route with the large emigration of this year. All the money and efforts of the Government for fortifications and defense on this coast (having any view to a foreign foe) have heretofore been expended in California. A month ago the construction of batteries was commenced at the mouth of the Columbia, but it will be a year before they are fit for anything and before heavy ordnance shall arrive for them. This is all I have effected by incessant application to the authorities at Washington since I assumed (a year ago) command of this district. At Esquimalt Harbor, on Vancouver Island, near us there is constantly a fleet of several British was vessels. The precautions and vigilance practiced in San Francisco concerning

