
the raids of rebel privateers are justified by the circumstances of the case. We have here not even a revenue cutter to perform any such service on this river. There has not been any naval vessels this side of San Francisco for several years.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 4, 1863-9. 45 a. m.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanidng, &amp;c., San Francisco, Ca.:

Thanks for your news from California. I congratulate you and the people of California on their triumph at the polls. Our military operations on this side are progressing favorably in every direction. News received within the last hour from Charleston shows that the sure and steady progress of General Gillmore continues, and leaves no room to doubt the success of his operations.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, September 4, 1863-10. 10a. m.

Hon. F. F. LOW,

San Francisco:

Accept for yourself and the loyal people of California my cordial congratulations on the great victory just achieved. I hope to send you back a speedy response from Charleston. Gillmore keeps "moving on their works. " News received within an hour leaves no room for doubt. His troops are in fine spirits, his force ample, his skill and energy unsurpassed. A storm has for several days prevented opreations by the navy. Burnside has been actively pressing forward on East Tennessee, Rosecrans on Chattanooga; Banks and Grant are busy. While our armies are thus moving on the enemy's works rejoice that California has put in such a big lick at rebellion.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 4, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I herewith inclose, for the information of the commanding general, the copy of a letter received this morning from the Engineeer Department upon the subject of the erection of earth-works for inner harbor of San Francisco. I am sorry to learn that the general will leave Sacramento on Monday next to be absent some time, as I would be pleased that seem at this time to be required for theinner defenses of the harbor. The report of the Board of Engineers for this coast, a copy of which was sent you yesterday, will, however, sufficiently explain those views. If General Wright has a preference for other points than those recommended in that report I would be pleased to learn it from him. If not, then I would recommend the immediate

