
commencement of batteries upon Point Stewart and Blunt, on Angel Island, and as soon thereafter as possible a battery upon San Jose or Black Point.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S. Engineers.

[Inclosure.] ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, Washington, August 8, 1863.

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Corps of Engineers, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: On the application of General Wright, commanding Department of the Pacific, $100,000 has been assigned to the erection for earth-works for inner harbor of San Francisco. The general has just been informed by telegraph of this assignment, and that $25,000 of this amount will be placed to your credit with the assistant treasurer at New York, to be held subject to your check, and that the remainder will be made available to you in such sums and at such times as you may request. From the copy of your communication of the 10th of June last to General Wright, as inclosed with your letter of 16th of July, received to-day, it is inferred that you and himself have already determined upon the nature and extent of the works to be erected and the points to be occupied, and means for their erection under your supervision will be supplied from the appropriation "to purchase a site and construct additional defenses for San Francisco" to the extent of $100,000, including the $25,000 already applied for to be placed to your credit as herein stated.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. WOODRUFF,

Major of Engineers, in Charge.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, No. 1. Fort Yumma, Cal., September 7, 1863.

In obedience to the orders of Brigadier General George Wright, commanding Department of the Pacific, the undersigned assumes command of this post.

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Hart's Mill, Tex., September 7, 1863.

REUBEN W. CREEL, Esq.,

Chilhauhua:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknolwedge receipt of yours of the 1st instant. The assistant quartermaster has been instructed to pay McCuniffe $120 to reimburse you for the epxenses indicated in that letter. As you have determined, it is not expedient to incur any further expense for information from the Norte of the movements of Skillman and any small spy party, but you might inform your friend there that whenever Skillman's party becomes more numerous, and his movements indicate something more than more observation, intelligence thereof will be remunerated. Skillman, in visiting El Paso, always

