
every way ane eligible point. It is accessible at all times from all quartermaster; is near the haunts of hostile Indians, and troops stationed there can extend protection over a large scope of inhabitable country. The proposed site is on State land, an to avoid all trouble I have entered 320 acres in my own name. The cash expense of the erection of the necessary buildings will be only for the purchase of a few tools, nails, and windows, but a trifle more then is required to make Camp Baker comfortable in winter, which will be more than saved in transportation. A wagon road can be constructed between Fort Humboldt and the new location without expense to the Government other than the cost of implements of labor. As the rainy season is close upon us, making immediate action necessary, and as I feel very certain the department commander will approve the change, I shall at once have the work commenced. The new location is on the Middle or North Fork of Yager Creek, and is known as Iaqua Ranch, an Indian word pronounced I-ah-quay, and signifies "friendly greeting. " In making choice of a new site I was accompanied by Dr. A. R. Egbert, U. S. Volunteers; Captain E. R. Theller, Second Infantry California Volunteers, and Captain C. W. Long, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, commanding Camp Baker, who all concur with me in the importance of the change and heartily approve of the selection. My recommendation is that Camp Baker be abandoned, and a one-company post established at the point above designated, and suggest that it be called Fort Iaqua. The work in contemplation is of considerable importance, and the time but short before unfavorable weather may be expected, hence an anxiety on my part to learn at an early day the wishes of the commanding general upon the subject herein considered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountainers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 204. San Francisco, Cal., September 8, 1863.

1. Major Robert S. Williamson, Engineer Corps, will report to Colonel R. E. De Russy for duty connected with the construction of field fortifications for the defense of the harbor of San Francisco.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. Major Pinkney Lugenbeel, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, is relieved from duty at Fort Boise to enable him to enter upon the duties assigned him in Special Orderse, No. 354, from the Adjutant-General's Office, dated Washington, August 10, 1863.

5. Captain and Bvt. Major George P. Andrews, Third Artillery, having been assigned by the War Department to duty as assistant to the provost-marshal-general for the State of California and Territory of Nevada, will be relieved from duty with his company to enable him to enter upon the discharge of his duties.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

39 R R-VOL L, PT II

