
OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS, NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, September 8, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your note referring the letter of Colonel Whipple, of Fort Humboldt, is at hand and contents noted, and in reply I can only say I do not believe the Indians are leaving Smith's River Valley and returning to Humboldt County, but on the contrary the Indians at Smith's River appear perfectly satisfied with their new home. They have had sufficient supplies to keep them from suffering for food, and now have an abundant harvest; moreover, they are provided with two large seines for fishing purposes, and the salmon season is now at hand. Also, they have all been expecting a new supply of blankets and clothing, which I have shipped with orders to be issued, and in addition to all this they have been building new houses for winter. I therefore cannot believe it is true; otherwise I would have been informed of it by my supervisor or the captain in command at Camp Lincoln. I am in receipt of letters from that reservation weekly, and no account of it from there. You are perhaps not aware that 130 out of 840 Indians removed from Humboldt a year ago returned, leaving the next night after their arrival. It may be a part of those that have been seen. The citizens of Humboldt have ever opposed my etablishing a reservation in Del Norte County - they say, on the ground, "it is too near Humboldt; " but while the reservation was at Klamath (only half the distance from them) they made no complaint, but removed Indians to Klamath themselves. Whether all this is a selfish or political objection, I cannot say. Colonel Whipple took an active part in a large meeting last winter called at Humboldt that denounced and abused me as unfit for supeeritending agent and recommending a Mr. Elijah Steel to take my place, and sent a petition signed by hundreds for my removal, and Colonel Whipple, I am told, was at the head of this movement, and I am also informed voted for Sargent for U. S. Senator to secure his opposition to the reservation. I suppose troops and employes have changed the political complextion of Del Norte, otherwise the opposition would to exist. There are other Indians he wants removed, and I have no other place in the district to take them where they will be as secure.

I am the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. M. HANSON,

Superintending Agent, &c.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Humboldt, September 8, 1863.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

First Batt. Mountainers, California Vols., Commanding Fort Gaston:

MAJOR: The representations made in your letter of the 4th instant constrains the district commander to modify Special Orders, No. 71, so as to leave the headquarters of Company B at Fort Gaston, and all the officers and men except as per Special Orders, No. 76. This arrangement will continue during the present month, after which time it is hoped that the Indians of Hoopa Valley will be under such subjection that Special Orders, No. 71, can be complied with without hazarad. It is deemed necessary by the colonel commanding that Company B shall have its headquarters either at Redwood Creek or

