
time was allowed to pass, the srictest surveillance in the interim being exercised, but nothing came from the Indians to indicate that they had any confidence in what had been said to them. The settlers with their families were then invited to the fort and preparations made to redeem the promise given three days previous.

During the night of the 4th instant parties were sent in different directions with orders to be at a certain point at a time named, thus completely surrounding the rancheria. Major Taylor, commanding a small detachment witha howitzer, took position at a short distance, but out of sight of the Indians. Everything being in readiness, and the moment agreed upon having arrived, Captain Ousley demanded of the Indians that they surrender themselves prisoners of war. They at once showed fight and commenced arming themselves, several taking position in the bushes near at hand, but when upon looking around they saw soldiers upon every hand, and caught a glimpse of the major's party just coming in sight over a hill, with a big gun looking right at them, they made hast to yield, those who had taken to the brush in order to fight the better coming in with rapidity for mercy. One hundred and sixteen prisoners were taken, forty-one of them being able-bodied warriors. The prisoners were taken to the fort and the law laid down. They were told that they were safe just as long as they obeyed orders and no longer; all nonsense to be dispensed with. They were to remove their houses to a spot near the fort, and all be present twice each day, and upon no pretext whatever to leave the valley without orders; also that they should not harbor or have to do with other Indians, but in all things comply with the directions of the military officer in command. After due reflection this was all solemnly agreed to, and they bound themselves to be the faithful allies of the troops against all bad Indains. Work was at once commenced to remove their houses, which was taken hold of with alacrity. Permission was also asked and given that they might build a fish dam in the river opposite, the consruction of which was at once begun. The Indians understand that they must furnish themselves with food, and for this purpose will be allowed to work for the settlers in the valley, fish, &amp;c. Just previous to my last advices from Fort Gaston word had been received from several other ranches that all the Indians in the valley desired to move near the fort and live under the restrictions imposed. This is the course, I feel sure, which should be adopted toward the Hoopa Indians, but matters have culminated rather sooner than I expected, as the presence of a larger force was desired before dealing too positively with them. Still, under all the circumstances, it could not well be longer postponed, for these Indians have declared for a long time past that they stood in no fear of the troops, but could do whatever they saw with impunity. It was high time to check them, and willfully harboring hostile Indians was the occasion. It gives me pleasure to report to the department commander that Major Taylor managed this affair with prudence and unitiring zeal, for which he deserves great credit. The major speaks in the highest terms of the faithful co-operation of Captain Ousley, as also of the other officers and men of Company B, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers. Fort Gaston is at present garrisoned by Companies B and C, First Battalion Mountainers, California Volunteeres, a detachment of one lieutenant and twenty men of each company being absent on detached service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

