
SPECIAL ORDERES, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 205. San Francisco, Cal., September 9, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. Company B, Third Artillery, will go into camp on Angel Island, at a point to be designated by Colonel R. E. De Russy, Corps of Engineers, with whom the company commander will confer. The quarteramster's dapartment will the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., September 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM JONES,Second Cavalry California Volunteers,

Commanidng Camp Babbitt, ner Visalia, Cal.:

SIR: Representation has been made that the Indians in or near Owen's River Valley have again attacked the various mining and agricultural settlements. Should these statements prove truce, the general commanding desires you to make such disposition of the force under your command as will secure protection to the persons and property of the settlers. You will confer with Captain McLaughlin, commanding at Fort Tejon, on this subject, and reuqest his co-operation should you deem it necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 9, 1863.

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Corps of Engineers,

In charge of Fortifications on the Pacific Coast,

Fort Point, near San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have requested (by a letter to him now in San Francisco) Captain J. C. Ainsworth, president of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company, to call upon you and make certain statements he made to me concerning the importance of fortifying Three Tree Island, or Three Tree Point, on the lower part of the Columbia River. He is a highly intelligent gentleman, and commanded a steamboat for years on this river. By the act of 20th of February last I see that $200,000 was appropriated for "defensive works in Oregon and Washington Territory. " I think that a portion of this might well be applied in the erection of a battery on Three Tree Island. I have here four 24-pounder siege guns. A battery for these could be made at once, and larger guns placed there also when we get them. I addressed a letter on the 28th ultimo to Captain G. H. Elliot, of Engineers, at Cape Disappointment, asking him to make me a visit, and en route to make an examination of the Three Tree Island; but I hear incidentally that he has gone to San Francisco, and therefore I fear has not received my letter. Will you please instruct him to make the examination spoken of, and if it favorable order the construction of a battery for the four

