
extent I am expected to render pritection to the mail rider and ferries. The distance from Hoopa Valley toward Waverville requiring an escort is about forty miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mounatineers, California Vols.,

Commanidng Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Hart's Mill, Tex., September 10, 1863.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I am under obligations to the department commander for his letter of the 3rd instant, notifying me of a probable inroad to be made by the Navjoes to this district. Additional precautions shall be taken to meet them. Post commanders in the Indian country shall be cautioned to increased vigilance. Inclosed please find report from Captain Tidball, commanding Fort Bowie, reporting loss of stock. I am making further inquiries in to this affair. This district appears to be alive with Indians. A paper published I nChichuahua contains an appeal to the Mexican authorities to protect the people of the frontier, who are being exposed to the outrages now committed by Indians driven from U. S. territory by the active warfare now against them by our troops. You will remember that I notified both the Governors of Chihuahua and Sonnora of this contingency early in the season. Exertions here shall be increased, as my force is diminished and difficulties accumulate. Whenever the general commanding has additional troops to spare I shall be happy to employ them.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Hart's Mill, Tex., September 11, 1863.

Captain VALENTINE DRESHER,First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Fort West:

CAPTAIN: The Navajo Indians are reported as fleeing from the northern portion of the Territory in our direction. You are required to observe increased vigilance particularly against a surprise by night, a method of attack sometimes adopted by these Indians. The exposed position of your stock corrals causes me anxiety. One or two sentinels down there are scarcely enough, but perhaps your small will not admit of any increase. The Indians are shrewd enough to gain the inside of your corrals and stampede the cattle. See that the inclosure is strong and the entrance securely fastened every night. Be on the alert by day also; see that your guards do not get careless, and increase their number as you are obliged to increase the distance from the post for herding your animals. You will, if possible, sent the accompanying letter for Major William McCleave to that officer before he leaves your vicinity on his return to the Miembres River. * The object is to save

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

