
Captain Whitcok's company, ordered to relieve you, the necessity of a march to the Miembres and return. If the letter cannot be made to reach Major McCleave, as above indicated, return it without delay to the camp at the Miembres.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Hart's Mill, Tex., September 11, 1863.

Major WILLIAM McCLEAVE,First Cavalry California Volunteers, in the Field:

MAJOR: I send this communication to you by the way of Fort West, in order that if it reaches you in time Captain Whitlock's company can be spared the necessity of marching to the Miembres and back. The captain has been suggested by the general commanding the department for the command of Fort West. To this suggestion I cheerfully acquiesce, knowing his fidelity, zeal, and uniting vigilance. Pray give him the benefit of your good counsel and service, particuarly as to the surroundings of his new command. In assuming it, Captain Whitlock must be careful that all the post records and papers are turned over to him. Assure him of my confidence in his good management. I shall send him a handful of well-mounted cavalry, and desire that he shall report to me as to their forage. Captain Enos, assistant quartermaster, is now on his way to Fort West, with instructions to provide for the comforable quartering of the troops during the coming cold weather. By the terms of the inclosed order, Captain Dresher's company is to join your command, if practicable, on its return to the Miembers River. Should there be any lack of transportation at Fort West for this purpose, direct Captain Dresher to leave his company proprety at the post until jou can send up wagons from the Miembres. On reaching the Miembres advise me of your arrival and await further orders.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, No. 42. Hart's Mill, Tex., September 11, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Company F, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will take post at Fort West and relive Company B, First Infantry California Volunteers. This change, if practicable, will be made so as to avoid the necessity of marching the former company to the Miembers River and under the direction of Major William McCleave, First Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding in the field, who will unite Company B with his command.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General Joseph R. West:

JOSEPH F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

