
mining and agricultural settlements in or near Owen's River Valley. I have had no information in regard to the matter, only what was obtained through San Francisco papers. Lieutenant Barker arrived at this camp from Fort Tejoin last evening. There had no information reached that post up to the time of his leaving in regard to Indian hostilities. I was of the opinion that it was injudicious in a military point of view to abandon Camp Independence before the coming spring, when it could be done with safety to the miner and settler. The presence of troops at this post would induce settlers to that valley who will not go on account of military protection being withdrawn, which in a few months I would suggest, should the rumor of hostilities prove true, as a precautionary measure, that Camp Independence should be reoccupied by Company G, Second Cavalry California Volunteers. I will give all the information possible and communicate it to you as early as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Cavalry California Vols., Commanding Camp.
HEADQUARTERS, Tucson, Ariz. Ter., September 14, 1863.

Captain J. J. BENNETT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hart's Mill, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my arrival at Tucson on the 6th instant, and that I assumed command on the 7th. Of the condition of affairs at the post the general commanding the district is already well aware, and Captain Enos, assistant quartermaster, will be enabled to give him a more correct idea than could well be conveyed by letter. Since the arrival of the funds and taking up of the certified accounts the feeling is much better, and I have strong hopes that but little diffuclty will hereafter be experienced in obtaining the necessary supplies for which we are dependent upon the surrounding country. That which gives me most concern that present time is the weakness of my force. A reference to the consolidated morning report which accompanies this will show that I can muster but forty-eight enlisted men for duty. This I consider inadequate for the duties I am called upon to perform, and they will for a time be reduced to a much smaller number, as I shall be compelled to take at least fifteen men with me to carry out the instructions of the general commanding in his communication of the 1st instant. I therefore most respectfully request that a company of cavalry be ordered to be stationed here. I would respectfully suggest that if the companies now being raised in California to complete the organization of the First California Cavalry are to pass through Tucson, that authority may be given me to stop one of the companies for duty in this country. This arrangement would save the expense of sending a company from the Rio Grande. I shall proceed to carry out the instructions of the general commanding contained in his letter of the 1st instant as soon as I am able to travel. Since my arrival at Tucson I have been severely afflicted with rehumatism, accompanied with a remitting fever, which was prevented me from giving that atteniton to the affairs of the post which I desire, and will, I trust, prove a sufficient excuse for whatever may appear neglectfull in this communication.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding

