
Colonel Maury's command and secure his aid in the recoveryof the children. Convinced that a public service will be secured in asking Colonel Maury's assistance to further this purpose, and trusting it will meet the approval of the commanding general.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS, Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., August 11, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel R. F. MAURY,

First Oregon Cavalry, en route to Salmon Falls:

SIR: The bearer of this, Zachias Van Orman, is the brother of Alexis Van Orman, who with his wife and coldets son was massacred in 1860 by the Upper Bannocks, a portion of the Snake Indians, near old Fort Boise. He goes out to-morrow to overtake your command with another person familiar with the country in which the murder took place. Four chiuldren of Alexis Van Orman were at the time of the massacre taken prisoners by these Indians, and or estill in their hands. They have been seen by person alluded to and are known both to him and the uncle who carries this to you. The sole object that takes out Mr. Van Orman is to recover the children prisones, and learning of your expedition he has applied to me to enlist your co-operation in his views. Believing that your instructions will permit you to give him assistance in this purpose, I have earnestly to recommend this gentleman to your consideration and your aid in the recovery of the prisoners. Mr. Van Orman in his relationship with these children has much interest in the recovery of them, and will be able to give you valuable information that may to this end.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry.

[AUGUST 12, 1862. -For Canby to Carleton, relating to opertions, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 109.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. COLUMN FROM CALIFORNIA, Numbers 14. Las Cruces, N. Mex., August 13, 1862.

I. Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, is hereby appointed the military commander of the towns of La Mesilla, La Mesa, and El Picacho, and of such other places on the western bank of the Rio Grande as lie between the Chihuahua line and Fort Thorn.

II. For the present the following troops will constitute the garrison of the town of La Mesilla, viz: companies B, C, D, F, H, I, and K, of the First Infantry California Volunteers.

* * * *

V. Lieutenant Colonel Edwin A. Rigg, First Infantry California Volunteers, will report to Colonel Joseph R. West for duty at La Mesilla.

* * * *

IX. Captain Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers, with Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers; Company B, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, and Shinn's Light Company A, Third Artillery, U. S. Army, will for the present take post at Fort Fillmore, N. Mex.

