
having business at the post and be detrimental to the public inteerets; that it was named in honor of Lieutenant Colonel Richard C. Drum, assistant adjutant-general upon the staff of the department commander. Submitting the above facts, it is most respectfully recommended that this station receive the official designation of Fort Drum.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Infantry California Vols., Commanding
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Humboldt, September 210, 1863.

Captain M. O'BRIEN,Second Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Camp Lincoln, Crescent City:

CAPTAIN: Information has reached me that an attempt is being made by persons in Del Norte County to discourage enlistments in the First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, the argument used being that these troops are liable to be sent upon service distant from this district. This opposition has shown itself in other places, but the falsehood of the assertion has been made apparent; consequently enlistments have not been to any extent prevented. Brigadier-General Wright, commanding the Departmentof the Pacific, made requisition in February last upon the Governor of the State for a battalion of sic companies of volunteers for special service in Humboldt Military District, to serve for the period of three years unless sooner discharged. Governor Stanford issued his proclamation in accordance with the requisition of General Wright, thus rendering it impossible that men enlisting in this corps are liable for any other than the special service designated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mouontaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, No. 105. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 21, 1863.

Major J. S. Rinearson, First Oregon Cavalry, will as soon as practicable relive Major P. Lugenbeel incommand of the post of Fort Boise.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Humboldt, September 22, 1863.

Lieutenant E. HALE,

First Battalion Mountainers, Cal. Vols., Commanding Camp Curtis:

SIR: In placing you in command of detachment at Camp Curtis, the district commander had in view the protection from Indian hostilities the town of Arcata and adjacent settlements. This will be your special duty. With the force at your command it is believed that you can prevent the murder by Indians of any more citizens in that vicinity. It is not expected that you will send parties on distant scouts, but that your command will be constantly alert and use all possible endeavors to kill

