
or capture all wild Indians which may venture into your neighborhood. You are at liberty in your discretion to send a few men at a time on short scouts, say, to Little River, Angel Ranch, Mad River, &amp;c., but not when it will interfere with the protection of Arcata and its immediate vicinity. Upon Lieutenant Middleton's arrival your command will be increased by five men of Company B. While you hold command at Camp Curtis it is expected the necessary discipline will be observed - a guard at night, the regular roll-cals, &c.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 22, 1863.

Captain G. H. ELLIOT,Corps of Engineers, in charge of Constructions of Batteries,

Cape Disappointment, near Astoria, Oreg.:

SIR: Your letter of the 11th instant has been received. Since I wrote you on the 28th ultimo I learn that it is Three Tree Point (not an island) to which I referred on the Washington Territory bank, about six or seven miles below Cathlament, and just above Woody Island. Lieutenant Dixon late of Topographical Engineers, in his report of 12th of November, 1860, says:

The only channel used at present runs close by this point. A battery stationed on it would command this channel perfectly, but at the same time if the enemy should effect an entrance into the mouth of the river he could land his force and occupy hills in rear of this point that would thoroughly command it. Several years ago there was a channel on the opposite side of the river from this point, but at present it is filling and is nos used.

I think that some point (Tongue Point) on the Oregon bank below Saint Helen five or six miles might be selected for a battery where the river is comparatively narrow. At high water in May and June all narrow channels vanish, and the whole river from bank to bank becomes very deep water. I have four 24-pounder guns here, with which I could establish a battery. I mention them as I have them, and here is no telling when any heavy ordnance will ever reach us around Cape Horn. The advantage of the Oregon side is easy communication by land back to the Willamette Valley, where the mass of population will always reside. There is road now from Saint Helen to the Tualitan Plains. Below this point (Fort Vancouver) the whole country is subject to over-flow in May and June to a point a few miles above the mouth of the Cowlitz. When you come up please look at Oak Point as a commanding position, below mouth of Cowlitz. I have written to Colonel De Russy, of Engineers, recommending that orders be given to establish a battery of the four 24-pounder at some point selected by you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. - Captain Flavel, of the bark Falkenburg, says that there is a point six or seven miles below Saint Helen, opposite and above Deer Island where the whole river is narrow and could thus be easily commanded.

