
It will be your duty to have this order complied with at once, if you have not already anticipated it. Although the reoccupation of the ground formerly known as Fort Anderson, on Redwood Creek, is intended as soon as practicable, such a movement is necessarily postponed until there be in increase to the force at present in the district, which is hoped for at an early day. Your requisition of the 19th instant for twelve riding mules, saddles, &amp;c., cannot be filled. Neither the animals nor saddles are in the hands of the battalion quartermaster. The best that officer can do in the matter is to furnish mules for the mail escort between Camp Curtis and Fort Gaston, which shall be done. The mules for the last trip were not as good as could be wished for, but they were the best to be had at that time. No pains will be spared to provide the escort with suitable riding animals. The remark in your letter of the 19th instant in relation to requisitions upon the battalion quarteramster not being attended to is not understood. Copies of requisitions upon that officer which have not received attention are asked for, to the end that there may be a reformation in his department. The lieutenant-colonel commanding is satisfied that it is not best at present to resort to the extreme measure of killing the cattle upon the Bald Hills of Klamath County, as several of the owners are absent at this tiime, and their families desire that they should have an opportuniuty to save the stock if possible. Mr. J. F. Denney, mail contractor, wishes to institute search for the remains of Van Aernam, the mail carrier, killed by Indians. That he may do this, the district commander desires that you send a sufficient detachment with him. It is believed that you can do this in carrying out the above telegraphic order of Assistant Adjutant-General Drum. Official communications to the district commander are to be signed by the officer commanding the post, company, or detachment the communication is from (and not by his order), and sent to the acting assistsant adjutant-general of the district.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, commanding Humboldt Military District:

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 26, 1863.

Captain L. BISSELL,Ninth U. S. Infantry, Commanding U. S. Troops on San Juan Island, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: A communication of the 3rd ultimo from James Kavanagh, at Bellingham Bay, sheriff of Whatcom County, to General George Wright, commanding the Department of the Pacific, is referred to me from those headquarters, and I am informed under date of 31st ultimo that -

The general commanding the department confides to General Alvord everything that it is proper should be done in the matter. The general commanding has no objection to the civil authority exercising their proper functions on that part of the island over which the military commandant of our Government exercises control, but they must not in the present state of affairs attempt to exercise authority over the northern half, that under charge of the English commandant. The residents in the southern half of the island must behave themselves and not make it a nest for gamblers and drinking shops.

