
X. Lieutenant Colonel Edward E. Eyre, First Cavalry California Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of Fort Fillmore, N. Mex.

By command of General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., August 13, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Column from California, Mesilla, Ariz. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the commanding general's communication dated the 3rd instant, and of Special orders, Numbers 26, and of General Orders, Numbers 12. I have to report the safe arrival of the expressmen Swilling, Brown, and Smith, together with Sergeant Viven and party. All the commanding general's orders and instructions will be attended to as well as possible. Major Coult makes requisition for the two mountain howitzers and ammunition, stating that the commanding general approves the requisition. I wills end them, together with as many other articles he called for as are on hand, when Sergeant Viven and party return in four or five days. Very few of the articles of quartermaster's stores Major Coult sends for are on hand, and none en route from the west that I know of. Everything that could be spared was forwarded on the train escorted by Captain McCleave's command. Captain N. S. Davis, acting assistant quartermaster, will send by this mail a report to the commanding general of all his means of transportation, how disposed of, and all connected with it. It will be seen that only about ninety mules, partially unserviceable, are to spare, instead of 200, as was suposed there would be. I am under the impression that they will all be required here, considering the fact that we may have to haul our flour from Fort Yuma or Pima Villages, and to keep up the trains that occasionally get broken down from hard work, &amp;c. It is reported that the road to Fort Yuma is almost impassable, in some places being soi much worn down and so full of holes and ruts. I have found it necessary to bring Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, from Reventon to Tucson for the reason that when I furnish the escorts and expressmen necessary there will not be enough cavalry at the post. For example, I have to send nine men with Swilling and Brown to-morrow morning as they fear to go beyond Apache Pass without them. I have to send ten men to Fort Yuma to guard the prisoners, and five men are now gone as escort to a wagon with forage and provisions to the San Pedro Crossing. Then the Apaches have been stealing animals from private citizens here, and I want to guard our public animals by mounted men and be able to send a respectable force after the Indians. I think we can find a rancheria about ten miles from here to the eastward. I sent a sergeant and nine men of Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to Lally's mine to guard the road from a and to Sonora in that direction. The worst of the Mexicans come from that direction. Tucson has many worthless vagabonds of Mexicans in it now, and I must have a mounted force when the feast of Saint Augustine comes off, the end of this month, when several thousand strangers come hre. I do not know how we are to proucre forage, labor, &c., without funds. None is likely to come from San Francisco, according to my advices, for many a day. Distrust is beginning to manifest itself here in regard to payment for supplies and labor. Many of the teamsters are applying

