HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, September 28, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have been highly gratified with the condition of affairs in the eastern part of this State as well as in the Territory of Nevada. I was absent about there weeks, and, traveling on horseback, I had an excellent opportunity for making an examination of the country and the character of the inhabitants. On the road over the mountains I found the vay thronged with wagons of the largest size transporting goods to Washoe and Reese River. The almost fabulous report of the richness of the Reese River mines have drawn to that place a large number of people from this side, as well as arrested the tide of emigration from the East, and it is probable that the population of that district in the course of the next year will rival that of Virginia City and its surroundings. The truly loyal and intense love for the Union which pervades the great masses of the people in the Territory of Nevada has been made manifest in their late election; from the highest to the lowest every office has been filled by the election of sound Union men. I visited Carson City, the seat of government of Nevada, as well as Silver City, Gold Hill, and Virginia City, located in the rich mining districts, and everywhere I found a prosperous and happy people. From Virginia City I proceeded to Fort Churchill, situated on the Carson River. The post in commanded by Major Charles McDermit, of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers, an officer of great merit, irreproachable in his habits, industrious, and careful of the interests of the Government.

At Fort Churchill I found three companies of cavalry, Nevada Territory volunteers, also a detachment of a fourth company in proces of organization. A finer body of men I never saw; orderly, well-behaved, and undergoing a through course of instruction and discipline. Two of these companies are under orders for the Distirct of Utha, and will march early in the next month. The post of Fort Churchil I found in admirable order. I crticially inspected all the departments and found the Government property well taken care of an economically used, and the offices zealous and attentive to their duties. After my inspection at Fort Churchill I hastened back to my headquarters, finding everything quiet in this quarter. I am greatly pained at an accident which happened to Major R. W. Kirkham, quarteramster, who accompanied me on my tour. At Carson City he unfortunately walked out of an open doorway at the end of a hall where there was no balcony, and falling some fourteen feet bruised himself much and fractured his thigh bone. I brought him back with me, but he will probably be laid up eight or ten weeks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter., September 28, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Ca.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, No. 204, of the 8th instant, from your headquarters, I directed Major P. Lugenbeel, Nineteenth Infantry, to repair to Portland, Oreg.,

