
to perform the duties of acting provost-marshal-general, assigned him in War Department Special Orders, No. 354. Also on the 21s instant I directed Major J. S. Rinearson, First Oregon Cavalry, now with Colonel Maury, to repair to Fort Boise to assume command. Agreeably to the tenor of your letter of the 22nd August I shall place Colonel Maury, First Oregon Cavalry, for the winter at Fort Dalles, proposing in the spring, as indicated in your letter of the 8th of June, to send him to take post at Fort Boise. At last dates he had met Captain Crawford of the emigrant escort, on the 17th of August at the ferry on Snake River above Fort Hall. They reached the ferry the same hour, a remarkable coincidence. When Captain Crawford left me in February to go East I promised that Colonel Maury's command should endeavor to meet him at that ferry, and the fulfillment was remarkable certainly. The emigration is much smaller than was anticipated. Two hundred and fifty wagons on the road north and 110 wagons on the road south of Snake River, of 360 wagons in all, are the statistic furnished me in the reports. The Indians have given no distrubance to the emigrants, treaties of peace having been made with them by Governor Doty and General Connor. Colonel Maury, with his cavalry, intends to cross the river at Salmon Falls, and proceed thence to the headwaters of the Owyhee and Malheur Rivers, a region infested by some hostile Snakes, who have fired on the miners. He will return to Fort Walla Walla by the end of October.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 223. San Francisco, Cal., September 29, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

2. Companies A and B, Nevada Cavalry, will, as soon as their equipment is completed, taken up their march for Camp Douglas, District of Utah. The quarteramster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for the movement above directed.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 29, 1863.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill, New. Ter.:

The two cavalry companies will commence the march to Salt Lake as soon as they are fully equipped. Order for the movement published to-day.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, No. 111. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 29, 1863.

I. Company B, First Oregon Cavalry, commanded by Captain R. C. Caldwell, will proceed by water from Fort Dalles to Fort Vancouver. The quarteramster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

