
SPECIAL ORDERES, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 224. San Francisco, Cal., September 30, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

4. Captain William F. Swasey, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, will repair to this city and take charge of the quartermaster's department at these headquarters during the illness of Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Babbitt, deputy quartermaster-geneal, and Captain R. L. Ogden, assistant quartermaster.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 30, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Ca.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your indorsement of the 31st ultimo on the letter of James Kavanagh, sheriff of Whatcom County, Wash. Ter., in reference to affairs on San Juan Island. Herewith I inclose to you a copy of my letter of the 26th on that island, on the subject of Mr. Kavanagh's communication. * I have writen to Mr. Kavanagh to about the same effect. I closed it with saying that-

It is highly desirable that the question of boundary should be speedily settled, but while the Government is so absorbed by the present civil war a further postponement of the negotiation will probably occur. I can well imagine the multitude of puzzling and difficult questions which must grow out of the joint occupation, some of them embarrasing to yourself and others concerned. It seems to be the duty of patriotism at this trying crisis in our history to practice forbearance and await the progress of events. Pray make all proper allowances for the commanding officer under the difficult circumstances under which he acts.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, No. 44. Camp on Miembers River, September 30, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Company A, First Cavalry, and Company E, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Las Cruses and garrison that station. They will march with five days' rations.

III. Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will be concentrated at this station of relieving all its detachments on vedette service.

IV. Company C, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will be located as follows: Company headquarters at this station. Ten men, including a non-commissioned officer, at Fort West; ten men, including a non-commissioned officer, at Fort Bowie, and twenty men, commanded by a lieutenant, at Fort Cummings. The commander of this company is charged with carrying the semi-monthly Tucson express between

---------------

*See p. 626.

---------------

