
Fort Cummings and Fort Bowie. The detachment assigned to Fort Bowie will proceed to-day to Tucson as escort to a train, whence it will return without delay to and remain on duty at Fort Bowie. The Fort West detachment will proceed to that post to-morrow. The Fort Cummings detachment will await further orders.

V. Company B, First Infantry California Volunteers will take post at Cooke's Springs provided with twenty days' rations.

*		*		*		*		*		*

X. The headquarters of the First Cavalry California Volunteers will remove without delay to Lake Cruces. The regimental commander, Major William McCleave, will also command the post of Las Cruces.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XII. Company C, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will take post at Mesilla upon the arrival Las Cruces of Company E, same regiment. Captain John S. Thayer, commanding Company C, will take charge of and receipt for the howitzer battery non in the hands of the acting ordnance officer, and have that company ready for efficient service with the same as soon as practicable.

XIII. Company H, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, is transferred to the garrision of Franklin, Tex. Captain Chapman will await further orders for his movement.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General Joseph R. West:

JOSEPH F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HER MAJESTY'S SHIP SUTLEJ, San Francisco, October 1, 1863.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR, or

The COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF AT SAN FRANCISCO:

SIR: I have the honor to bring under Your Excellency's notice that when Her Majesty's ship Sutley, bearing my flag, was about to drop anchor at this place at about noon to-day a shoted gun was fired from the batteries on the island of Alactraz in the direction of the ship, and that the shot fell within 300 yards of her. As there was no other vessel in the line of fire, nor any targed that could be seen at which the batteries might be practicing, I am forced to the conclusion that the shot must have been directed toward the ship; but feeling sure that it must have been through some miscounception, I have to beg that Your Excellency will be good enough to institute inquiries into the matter.

I have the honor to be, sir, your humble servant,

JOHN KINGCOME,

Rear-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP BIDWELL, Chico, Cal., October 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the official report of Captain Augustus W. Starr, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, commanding escort, sent by me to assist Sub-Indian Agent Eddy in

