
men were perfectly organized and armed to the teeth, prepared to exterminate all the Indians in the valley and drive out the troops sent here to protect them if they interfered; all of which proved to have as little foundation infact as all the other reports of disturbance in this vicinity that have come to my notice. I cannot learn that Judge Wells or the citizens whom he pretends to represent are making any preparation whatever to collect and bring in the Indians.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

A. E. HOOKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS, Camp Bidwell, Cal., September 25, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel HOOKER,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Camp Bidwell, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the fulfillment of Orders, No. 6 and 7, having left Chico, Butte County, Cal., September 4, 1863, with 14 citizen wagons and 461 Indians, en route to Round Valley Reservation, Mendocino County, Cal., having under my command 23 men and horses of Company F, Second Cavalry California Volunteers; also 1 Government wagon with 6 mules, traveling ten miles to Colby's Ferry, Sacramento River, Butte County, Cal., and encamped. Road good. Wood, water, and forage abundant. September 5, crossed Sacramento River. Traveled ten miles in a westerly direction across a barre plain destitute of water to Stoney Creek. The Indians suffered very much for want of water. At Stony Creek foudn plenty for water, but wery brackish and disagreeable. Crossed Stony Creek and traveled up it five miles and encamped at Kirkpatrick's ranch, Colusa County. Plenty of wood, water and forage. September 6, left Kirkpatrick's ranc and traveled in a northwesterly course five miles, and crossed Stony Creek; then traveled in a westerly course seven, miles to James' ranch, Tehama County, and encamped, finding wood, water, and forage abundant. Water abundant on road. September 7, left James' ranch, traveling a northerly course six miles to Lacock's ranch, on Thom's Creek, Tehama County, and encamped. Plenty of wood and water. Forage obtained from Mitchell's ranch, two miles below Lacock's on Thom's Creek. At camp found Lieutenant Noyes and one man from Fort Wright. The fourteen citizen wagons returned to Chico. Remained at this camp four days waiting for pack train from Round Valley and drying beef to subsist the Indians over the mountains. September 12, left Lacock's ranch and traveled south of west three miles to Mountain House and encamped. No forage. Wood and water abundant. Remained here until 14th. The pack train arrived 13th of September. September 14, left Mountain House, leaving in camp 150 Indiaravel leaving them four weeks' provisions. Traveled seven miles westerly up the mountains and encamped at Cedar Springs. No forage. Wood and water abundant. Some little grass. September 15, left Cedar Springs and traveled westerly six miles to Log Springs and encamped. Water and wood abundant. No forage. Grass scarce. Road from Mountain House steep and difficult to travel with wagon. September 16, left Log Springs, wagon remaining in camp, and traveled westerly ten miles to Log Cabin, and encamped. Wood, water, and grass abundant. Some water two miles and a half from Log Springs south of road at a cabin. September 17, left Log Cabin and traveled westerly thirteen miles, and encamped between

