
South and Middle Forks of Eel River. First three miles was ascending. Next ten miles was steep and descending. Some water about half-way down the mountain, north side of road. Wood, water, and grass at camp. September 18, left forks of Eel River and travled eight miles in a westerly course to Indian reservation in Round Valley, where we arrived with 277 Indians, 32 dying en route and 2 escaping. The sub-superintendent, Doctor Melendy, was absent. Found at the reservation no more than sufficient food for the Indians now there to subsist them the coming winter, 3,000 bushels of grain having been destroyed by fire a short time ago. The affairs of the reservation are in a bad condition. No one knows the number of Indians on the reservation. They have no means of grinding their grain. The Indians pound it in rude mortars to busist on. Reservation buildings in a bad condition, and poorly constructed. The Indians have no houses, but live in brush huts, and remove them often on account of accumulation of the filth of camp. On same day we encamped one mile and a half from reservation buildings at Fort Wright, situated in the western part of Round Valley, 100 miles from Chico. Location healthy. Fort in good condition. Men engaged in building quarters. Remained here 19th and 20th of September. September 21, left Fort Wright for Chico, where we arrived 12 m. 24th of September, 1863. Men and horses in good condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUSTUS W. STARR,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding Expedition.

HEADQUARTERES DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., October 1, 1863.

Major W. S. R. TAYLOR,

Battalion Mountaineers, Commanding Fort Gaston, Cal.:

(Through district commander.)

SIR: The department commander has instructed me to express his great pleasure and satisfaction in perusing your report of Indian affairs in the vicinity of Fort Gaston. The activity and zeal displayed by you and the officers and men under your command is highly commendable. You are authorized to make the change suggested in your report regarding the mail route. The chief quartermaster has been instructed to direc the quartermaster at Fort Humboldt to turn over to you a number of serviceable mules, and to keep your command properly supplied for active service. There is no objection to jerking such an amount of beef as may be absolutely necessary forntioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 2, 1863.

(Received 6 a. m. 3d.)

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War directs that you take military possession of Point San Jose, and erect the battery proposed for its defense. The question of onwership will be determined hereafter.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

