HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Sacramento, October 3, 1863.

Rear-Admiral JOHN KINGCOME,Com'r-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Naval Forces on the Pacific, Flag-ship Sutley, Harbor of San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 1st instant bringing to my notice that a shotted gun was fired from the batteries on the island of Alcatraz in the direction of Her Majesty's ship Sutley as she was about to drop anchor in the harbor of San Francisco, and requesting me "to institute some inquiries into the matter. " I have called upon the commanding officer on the island for a full report on the subject. In the meantime I beg to inform Your Excellency that the port regulations adopted by the Government of the United States for the harbor of San Francisco require that all vessels shall be brought to and their character ascertained on entering the outer harbor. This duty is habitually performed by a Government steamer under the special orders of the collector of the port, the forts rendering such aid as may be necessary to enforce the observance of the regulations. The temporary withdrawal of the steamer from her usual position in the outer harbor devolved the whole duty on the commanders of the land batteries. The orders of my Government require that all vessels of whatever character shall be brought to and examined before being permitted to pass the forts, and in the execution of this duty no unnecessary delay of vessels will be enforced nor any act of dscourtlesy allowed.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., October 3, 1863.

Captain M. G. LEWIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform the general commanding the District of Utah that his communication of September 23 was duly received. I have ordered in some of the men now on the mail route. Those that are to remain are at stations between Deep Creek and Fish Springs. I do not think they will be long required to remain out. The Indians are quite desirous to meet and make peace; still the station keepers pretend fear, while in fact I believe they only want the soldiers with them for companions and assistants. I shall order them all in as soon as the treaty is made. The train from Salt Lake in charge of Wagonmaster Riley arrived here last night. I started two teams to Reese River this morning for the Fort Churchill freight. I am informed by telegram that it started from Fort Churchill on Monday last. I expect my teams to return by the 10th instant, and I shall start Captain Smith's company the very moment my teams arrive. The general's instructions in regard to prospecting for gold and silver are so ambiguous that I am at a loss to determine what he really desired. I could not think that he intended that an exploring expedition should be sent from this post, or that large parties of soldiers should be sent out to gobble up all the mining and water privileges, thereby shutting up and preventing them being worked by others. The general is well aware

