
that I have not the facilities for an exploring party. I have but six horses and sixteen miles here beside Captain Smith's command, and his horses hould not be worn out before they commence their march for Camp Douglas, and I require all the post teams to do the work required here. I have to keep busy all the time; therefore, to satisfy and allay the excitement that exists with the men (without in my opinion any just cause), I have decided to grant seven days' leave to two-tents of the men, and already nearly all the number allowed have gone out prospecting. Governors Doty, of Utah Territory, and Nye, of Nevada Territory, have been made a treaty with the Shoshones. I do not think there will be any trouble with them hereafter. Lieutenant S. E. Jocelyn, Third Infantry California Volunteers, arrived at this post with a communication from the commanding general directing me to furnish facilities for the accompplishment of the object of his mission. In the absence of any written instructions from the general, or any order from any member of his staff, I could not properly take official notice of the lieutenant other than simply recognizing him as an officer of the U. S. service, and presume him to be on duty. It is very mortifying to me, and I deeply regret that the general should have found it necessary to have dispatched a lieutenant from near his headquarters to have executed a mission at or near this post that could not have been intrusted to its commander to execute. I have endeavored to perform my duty to my Government and to those under whom I serve, and I am much annoyed at the want of confidence that the commanding general has in this case manifested toward me; therefore, I respectfully ask the general to at an early day relieve me from the command of this post.

I am, very respectfully, your humble servant,

J. B. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., October 5, 1863.

Captain WILLIAM A. WINDER,Third Artillery, Commanding Fort Alcatraz:

SIR; The deparmtent commander desires your to make a special and full report as to the matter of firing certain signal guns from Alcatraz on the arrival of Her Britanic Majesty's ship Sutley in this harbor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERSE, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 228. San Francisco, Cal., October 6, 1863.

A detachment to consist of one lieutenant, three non-commissioned officers, and twenty-three privates will be sent from Fort Churchill without delay to relieve the detachment of Captain Mellen's company, Second Cavalry, stationed at Smoke Creek. When relieved, the latter will proceed to Fort Crook.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

