
for discharge. We will keep things going as long as possible, but there will not be a cent in either department at the end of ths month. This is a subject for serious consideration. I have to report that no stationery is on hand here; none en route that I am aware of. I sent tfor some to-night to Fort Yuma. Captain Davis does not know what Captain Moore estimated for, and we are working in the dark about supplies from the west. I have estimates made as if none were made by any one before. I have not heard anything lately about Sergeant Naper's train with clothing. I fear they do not intend to send those wagons beyond Fort Yuma; if so, we cannot get along with fifty wagons to draw subsistence. I wrote the acting assistant quartermaster to send them on from Fort Yuma. Does the general require any hay put on t he road toward the Rio Grande for trains? I regret that Woolsey, who undertook to furnish hay and mesquite beans en route to Fort Yuma, is unable to fulfill his contract. I have inclosed a copy of his letter to Captain Davis on this subject in another communication. Neither Lieutenant Barrett nor Lieutenant Frink, his successor, has written me on the subject, though I impressed upon Lieutenant Barrett the necessity for the forage in strong language, "uncommonly forcible," I admit; but it was hurriedly done and well meant. I beg to call the general's attention to the delay and expense caused at Fort Yuma by not having the stores for our troops landed on this side of the River Colorado. The ferriage is a frightul expense that could, I think, be saved, as the steamers can always land stores on this side. Fifteen days were lost by Repelye's train the last trip. There is something undone there that could be done, I think, to save time and expense.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 13, 1862.

Captain J. C. SCHMIDT,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanidng at Camp Curtis:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed immediately with your entire command, and with what rations you have on hand, to Trinidad, where you will remain for the protection of the place until further orders, leaving at your present camp barely sufficient for a camp guard. Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster Swasey will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel Lippitt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SWASEY,

1st Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 140. San Francisco, Cal., August 14, 1862.

* * * *

5. Companies A, B, and D, Third Infantry, will, on their arrival in this city from the District of Humboldt, proceed to Stockton, Cal., where they will go into camp preparatory to taking up the line of

