
any reason that it is not a desirable location to operate from, you will march your command up the river to what is known as Fort Seward and there establish a camp.

II. After making choice of the most suitable location, you will at once construct log huts or buildings sufficient to protect the men of your company and the Government property in your possession from the storms of winter. It is expected that you will give protection to the mail route from Hydesville to Long Valley, and to prevent depredations by Indians in the southern part of Humboldt and the northern part of Mendocino Counties.

III. Heretofore unprincipled white men have been engaged in kidnaping Indian children and selling them. This you will put a stop to by all means in your power. Parties found engaged in this nefarious business will be immediately arrested and sent to district headquarters under strict guard, and charges properly made out.

IV. Reports in detail of your movements and operations will be expected at these headquarters as often as practicable - at least trimonthly. The battalion quartermaster will furnish transportation; also all the necessary and camp equipage.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, commanding Humboldt Military District:

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, No. 231. San Francisco, Cal., October 9, 1863.

*		*		*		*		*		*

3. Captain Robert S. Williamson, Engineer Corps, will repair to San Diego, for the purpose of directing the construction of field-works for the protection of the entrance of that harbor, the work on which will be performed by the enlisted men stationed at New San Diego.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. SPARROW PURDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Humboldt, October 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform the general commanding that Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, Captain John P. Simpson commanding, was this day dispatched from Fort Humboldt to Eel River, about fifty miles south of this post, with orders to establish its headquarters near the point where the U. S. mail route crosses said stream. This location I believe to be an eligible one for the protection of the mail route and the settlements in the southern portion of Humboldt and the northern portion of Mendocino Counties.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

