HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: In a letter to department headquarters of date August 27 I had the honor to represent to the general commanding that troops were necessarily stationed at Camp Curtis, and that it was not practicable to furnish them with medical attendance from this post. Also, I requested that a citizen physician be employed at Camp Curthis temporarily, with apy from August 1. My request was not approved by the acting medical director. The circumstances under which my request was made were as follows, viz: Indians were prowking about the town to Arcata and adjacent settlements, and I felt it my imperative duty to station a small force at Camp Curtis to protect the inhabitants. This was done very soon after I had orders to assume command. From this point an escort was sent each week for the mail, and each ten days an escort of twenty-five men for trains was also sent, and small scouting parties were kept out daily in the vicinity of the camp. The men frequently returned from this service in need of medical attendance. I found that it would be more expensive to have the medical officer at this post attend them there as often as was requisite, or to have the men come down here for treatment, than to employ a physican at Arcata to make daily visit from the time troops were sent to Camp Curtis. By my order Dr. W. D. Miller, of Arcata, for a number of days attended to their wants without asking payment. When I learned from personal observation the extent of his services and the need therefor, I request him to continue, with the assurance on my part that I would recommend that he be employed and paid from the 1st of August. The material for hospital stewards is very scarce here, though the prospects are that in a few days I can send one to that camp sufficiently instructed, thus rendering the frequent visits of a physician unnecessary. I feel constained to again present this subject to the attention of the department commander, and if consistent with the rules of the service, respectfully recommend that Doctor Miller be in some degree remunerated for his services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

SACRAMENTO, October 9, 1863.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter.:

(Via Portland, Oreg.)

Send Lieutenant-Colonel English to command Fort Boise.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMEN TOF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, October 10, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: The condition of affairs in this department remains unchanged. Peace and quiet prevail; since the election, the hitherto

