
Captain Bissell, Ninth Infantry. These have been laid before the general commanding the department, who directs me to say that he aproves your instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-Geneal.
HEADQUARTERS, Tucson, Ariz. Ter., October 14, 1863.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Mesilla, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I again desire to call the attention of the commanding general to the necessity of sending more troops to this portion ofArizona. In the communication of the general commanding of the 27th ultimo he gives me the authority I asked for in mine of the 14th ultimo - to stop a company of cavalry at this post if any be en route from California. At that time I had but recently arrived from the Rio Grande, and supposed, in common with all others, that the seven companies raised to complete the organization of the First Regiment would be moved forward without delay. Since then, however, theres seems to be but little prospect of their coming soon, if at all, and in the increased demand which is made upon me for military protection I feel that I would be grossly neglectful if I depended upon so broken a reed. I am situated 290 miles from Fort Yuma, and 125 from Bowie, and expected to guard and protect the country with but two skeleton companies. Of their strength I sasy nothing, pointing to the consolidated morning report. In addition to the tribes of hostile Indians who have so long infested the country and delayed its development, it is rapidly filling up with hordes of treacherous and thieving Mexicans, and with bands of Californias, whose avowed purpose is highway robbery. In the new mines murders and robberies are of almost daily occurrence, and I have been twice called upon by delegations from the industries of the mines requesting that I would send sufficient military force to give them that protection which they have a right to expect. Their tales of the outrages committed compare very favorably with the early days of California, when Tom Bell and Joaquin were in their glory. I deem it of importance that a military post should be established in the vicinity of the mines. Had I a company of cavalry I would go myself, and appointing from the choice of the mines some pereson to act as justice of the peace, leave a detachment of twenty or thirty men to assist him in the execution of his office. There is a necessity for prompt action in this matter, for if brought under control before it assumes formidable proportions it is easily managed, but if these bands of desperadoes are permitted to increase in strength it may cost much time and expense to suprrestly commending this matter to the consideration of the general commanding, and respectfully requesting an early attention, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding

NOTE. - I shall by the next mail to California communicate with Colonel Drum as to the probability of any troops being ordered into Arizona from the Pacific Department this fall.

