
threatening the enemy, who is believed to be retreating to the defenses at Washington. In the West matters remain in about the same condition.

With esteem, truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS, Sacramento, October 16, 1863.

B. P. BROOKS, Esq.,Counselor at Law, Nos. 11 and 12, Metropolitan Block,

Cor. Washington and Montgomery Sts., San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have received your note of the 13th instant in relation to the occupation of Point San Jose by a military force. Under special instructions from the Secretary of War, dated on the 2nd instant, and communicated to by telegraph, I was instructed to take military possession of Point San Jose, and erect the battery proposed for its defense, adding that "the question of ownership will be determined hereafter. " I regret the destruction of shrubbery which you say has been committed, and will give special orders on the subject. On the 7th of September, after receipt of orders to erect a battery on Point San Jose, the question was raised as to the ownership of the land. The U. S. district attorney was consulted, and his opinion, with a letter from myself, was forwarded to the War Department. As Colonel Drum told you, it was not my intention to take any decisive steps toward occupation until specially instructed by the War Department. The telegraph orders of the Secretary of War, dated on the 2nd of October, were, I presume, made after the receipt of my letter of the 7th of September.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, San Francisco, Cal., October 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CURTIS,Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Southern District of California:

SIR: The general commanding desires you to withdraw Captain Johnson's company of cavalry from San Benardino to Camp Drum, where it will take post. The precise time of withdrawing the company is left to your discretion, except that it should be brought in before, if possible, the commencement of the rainy season.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., October 16, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have to-day received a telegram dated the 9th instant from the general commanding the department, saying: "Send Lieutenant-Colonel English to command at Fort Boise. " Herewith I inclose

