
march for Salt Lake. Companies A and C, Fourth Infantry, will, on their arrival from Oregon, proceed to and take post at Benicia Barracks. The assistant quartermaster will provide the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 15. Las Cruces, N. Mex., August 14, 1862.

I. Commanders of twons will at once establish sanitary requlations and require them to be observed by the inhabitants and by the troops, so far as the policing of the streets and the keeping of their dwellings, quarters, stores, corrlas, &amp;c., in a state of cleanliness may be necessary for their health and comfort. Frequent inspections will be made by commanding officers, or by a medical officer under his direction, to see that in all respects these regulations are followed.

II. A market place shall be established in e ach town, where meats, fruits, and vegetables may be sold.

III. It is expected that all of the inhabitants living along theRio Grande southward from the Jornada del Muerto to Fort Bliss, in Texas, will at the earliest practicable moment repair their dwellings and clean up their streets. The people may now rest assured that the ra of anarchy and misrule-when there was no protection to life or property; when the wealthy were eplundred; when the poor were robbed and oppressed; when all were insulted and maltreated, and when there was no respect for age or sex-has passes away; that now, under the sacred banner of our country, all may claim and shall receive their just rights. Therefore, let the burned of anxiety be lifted from their hearts, and once more let them pursue their avocations with cheefulness, and with a full confidence that the protection which now shelters them from injustice and harm will always be stronger in proportion as they shall be powerless to protect themselves. The general commanding this district, having heretofore resides five years in this country, feels that he knows somewhat the character and wants of the people, and he appeals to every man in confidence that he will have his support to come forward always to preserve the peace of his neighborhood and the tranquillity of the country; to forget all old feuds; to cultivate good fellowship one with the other; to make honesty, industry, and sobriety cardinal points always to be kept in view. And doing this, there will be little necessity for the operation of lwas, or the application of force, to make this country propserous and the people happy.

By order of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actgs. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 14, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboltd, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: Your letter of the 4th instant relative to military operations in the District of Humboldt, and reporting the purchase of a boat to

5 R R-VOL L, PT II

