
in District of Oregon as you may deem necessary, but he does not wish medical officers changed without reference to department headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., October 17, 1863.

First Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post the 15th instant, and in pursuance to Special Orders, Numbers 115, from the headquarters of the District of Oregon, I assumed command of this post October 17, Major Lugenbeel having left the post before my arrival, leaving Captain Seindenstriker in command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. RINEARSON,

Major, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 18, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the Department of the Pacific that operations are going on as active as may be against the hostile Indians in this district, scouting parties being kept out constantly. though no great success is obtained as yet, in the number killed or captured, the enemy seems to be held in check. No depredations have been committed since those on the Upper Trinity in September. It is impossible to tell where the savagesmay next manifest their presence, but the troops at my command are so disposed that attacks can be repelled where heretofore most frequent. On yesterday I returned from a tour of forty-five miles up the coast, made for the purpose of selecting a site for temporary buildings for detachment near Trininda, as well as to observe the temper of the Indians on the coast and Lower Klamath River. The spot selected for the camp is about three and a half or four miles north of Trinindad on the mail route. This is an eligible spot, and its choice gives general satisfaction to the people of Trinidad and the Gold Bluffs. Work has been commenced on the huts. At present the detachment there numbers but fifteen men, but it is my design to increase it as soon as practicable. I respectfully suggest that the above camp be designated Camp Gilmore. The Lower Klamath Indians are to all appearances friendly, and have been for three months, sending messages to me that they intend and desire to be so. The coast Indians are also ostensible peaceable, but there is but little doubt that they have more or less commerce with the mountain bands. They can, however, be controlled without much difficulty, or taken prisoners if that be found expedient.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

