
Military commissiones for the trail of capital offenses will be ordered from these headquarters.

Commissions for minor offenses and for the determination of rights to property for the time being, as set forth in that proclamation, may be convened by the commanding officer of the District of Northern Arizona.

IV. The troops to go to the new gold fields will establish at or near them a military post, which will be known as Fort Whipple, in honor of the memory of Brigadier General Amiel W. Whipple, who fell in the battle of Chancellorsville, and who, as a first lieutenant of Topographical Engineers in 1853, explored the road leading from Albuquerque, N. Mex., through the country of these new gold fiels. Since that period this road has been known as the "Whipple Route. " A board of officers to consist of Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers; Captain Herbert M. Enos, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, and Captain Joseph P. Hargrave, First Infantry California Volunteers, will fix the exact site for the post (one suitable for two companies of infantry and a company of cavalry) and will submit a plan for the same, with an estimate of the cost. The troops will live in huts during the coming winter.

V. The following are the troops who will proceed to the new gold field as aove indicated: Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers; Captain Herbert M. Enos, U. S. Army; Dr. Charles Leib, acting assistant surgeon, and Companies C and F, First Infantry California Volunteers, under Captains Hargrove and Benson, and Captain Pishon, with thirty rank and file of Company D, First Cavalry California Volunteers. They will start without delay. VI. The chief quartermaster, chief commissary, and medical purveyor will furnish all necessary transportation and supplies.

VII. When Fort Whipple has been established, Captain HerbertM. Enos, U. S. Army, will examine the country westwardly from that post with a view to finding a practicable wagon route to the nearest and most convenient landing upon the Colorado River, if possible, below he will report in detail upon such road as to its distance and character, and as to wood, water, and grass; and he will gather such information with regard to the cost of getting supplies to Mojave, or by sea and river navigation to the landing alluded to, as may be necessary to the War Department when determining the question how troops may be the most economically supplied, who may be serving at that or other posts which may hereafter be established in the District of Northern Arizona. Captain Enos will then report in person at department headquarters. VIII. After the 1st proximo all communications intended for the officers and soldiers of Fort Whipple will be sent by mail to Mesilla, N. Mex., and thence "by receive information from the commanding officer of the District of Northern Arizona when communications have once been opened via the Pima Villages to Tucson, how and when mail matter may be forwarded from the latter place to Fort Whipple.

IX. Captain William H. Lewis, U. S. Army, is announced as commissary of musters at the headquarters of the Department of New Mexico.

X. The general commanding the department desires thus publicly to express his thanks to Captain Andrew W. Evans, U. S. Sixth Cavary, for the very effieicnt manner in which hehas performed the laborious duties of acting inspecto-general and of commissary of musters at

