
have endeavored to present my opinions as to the settlement of the Mormon question, so far as it has necessarily thrust itself upon me in the performance of strictly military duties. I need hardly repeat that it has been my constant endeavor to maintain amicable relations with the people, and avoid conflict so far as was compatible with the strict and proper fulfillment of the obligations resting upon me, fully understanding that it was no part of my business to interfere with the religious tents or even the illegal practices of this peculiar people except when called upon by the civil authorities. The open declarations of hostility to the Government on the part of their public men, and their bold, continued, and unceasing teachings of diloyalty have time and again tended to produce excitements leading to collision, which have only been avoided by the most temperate and moderate course of the officers and men of my command. Until such time, therefore, as the Government, in the interest of humanity and the vindication of its offended dignity and laws, shall deem it advisable to inaugurate by force an observance of its recorded laws, and come to the relief of a people oppressed and downtrodden by a most galing church tyranny, my own course has been plainly marked by the dictates of policy and the manifest necessity of the case. Entertaining the opinion that Mormonism as preached and practiced in this Territory is not only subverssive on the people, but also deeply and boldly in contravention of the laws and best interests of the nation, I have sought by every proper means in my powr to arrest its progress and prevent its spread. As a question for the civilian, I can conceive of but two way of striking annihilating its baneful influene: The one by an adequate military force, acting under martial law and punishing with a strong hand every infraction of law or loyalty; the other by inviting into the Territory large numbers of Gentiles to live among and dwell with the people. The former I am aware is at the present time impracticable, even through it were deemed advisable. The latter, if practicable, is perhaps in any event the wiser course. With these remarks I desire to inform the department commander that I have considered the discovery ofl gold, silver, and their valuable minerals in the Territory of the highest importance, and as presenting the only prospect of bringing hither such a population as is desirable or possible. The discovery of such mines would unquestionalby induce an immigration to the Territory of a hardy, industrious, and enterprising population as could not but result in the happiest effects, and in my opinion presents the only sure means of settling peaceably the Mormon question. Their presence and intercourse with the people already here would greatly tend to disabuse the minds of the latter of the false, frivolous, yet dangerous and constant, teachings of the leaders, that the Government is their enemy and persecutor for opinion's sake. As I have said, these doctrines are continually being preached to them until the mass of the people believe that the Government instead of desiring their welfare seeks their destruction. To the end, then, that the inducements to come hither may be presented to the teeming populations of the East and West, seeking news field of exploration and prosperity, I have looked upon the discovery of mines in the Territory as in the highest degree important-first to this people and secondly to the Government, for the reasons stated.

Having reason to believe that the Territory is full of mineral wealth, I have instructed commanders of posts and detachments to permit the men of their commands to prospect the country in the vicinity of their

