
respective posts, whenever such course would not interfere with their military duties, and tofurnish every proper facility for the discovery and opening of mines of gold, silver, and other minerals. The results so far have exceeded my most sanguine expectations. Already reliable reports reach me of the discovery of rich gold, silver, and copper mines in almost every direction, and that by spring one of the largest and most hopeful fields of mining operations will be opened to the hardy and adventurous of our people. Both gold quartz and silver leads have been discovered at Egan Canon, about 200 miles west of this place; also in Ruby Valley, and at points along the mail route. The Goose Creek Mountains, 150 miles northwest of this city, are believed to contain rich mines of precious metals. The mountains in the immediate vicinity of this place are being explored and prospected, and I have reason to believe with successful results. Already, within a distance of from twenty-five to fifty miles of this city, in the East and West mountains, mines have been discovered yielding, with imperfect tests, rich indications of silver, and largerly charged with lead and copper ores. The work is still going on, and I have little doubt that rich veins of silver, and probably gold, will be discovered in almost every direction, and still nearer to Great Salt Lake City. I may also mention that near Camp Connor, 150 miles north of this place, large deposits of salt, sulphur, and extensive beds of coal have been found, while the springs adjoining the camp yield immense deposists of the carbonate of soda, which will one day, I have no doubt, be of very considerabel commercial value. If I be not mistaken in these anticipations, I have no reason to doubt that the Mormo question will at an early day be finally settled by peaceable means, without the increased expenditure of a dollar by Government, or still more important, without the loss of a single soldier in conflict. I have every confidence, therefore, in being able to accomplish this desirable result without the aid of another soldier in addition to those already under my command, notwithstanding the obstacles sought to be thrown in my way by the Mormost odious church system of tyranny. I have no fear for the future and believe the drawn is breaking upon this deluded people, even through their elers, and bishops, and chief priests may escape the personal punishment their elders, and bishops, and chief priests may escape the personal punishment their sins against law and crimes against humanity and the Government so richly merit.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 27, 1863.

Major A. W. BOWMAN,

Commanding 9th Infty., U. S. Army, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs that you detach a company of the Ninth Infantry from the Presidio, and send to Fort Point to report to Captain Stewart, Third Artillery. The company will form a portion of the regular garrison of Fort Point.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

42 R R-VOL L, PT II

