
tribe, lately hostile. With the satisfactory conclusion of these treaties I have the honor to report the settlements of terms of peace with all the Indians within this military district from the Snake River on the north to the lower settlements of Utah, and from the Rocky Mountains on the east to Reese River on the west, a region heretofore constantly infested by roving bands of savages, and desolated by their horrid barbarities on passing emigrants for a long series of years. For the first time in the history of the country it may not be truly announced that the great emigrant roads through the Territory may be safety traversed by single persons without danger to life or property or fear of molestation by Indians.

In my recent trip to the north, I met single persons traveling to and from the Bannock and Boise mines through a region of country never before traversed except in strong parties of from fifteen to twenty-five wel armed, and in constant danger of massacre. I have the pleasure, therefore, to report that through the indomitable bravery, activity, and willingly endured hardships of the California column under my command, the Indians country within this district is freed from hostile savages, and travel through it by unarmed person, emigrants, miners, or others is perfectly safe and exempt from the dangers heretofore besetting them on every hand. That this happy state of affairs will continue I have every reason to believe, as the Indians, one and all, with whom I have come in contact, are evidently seriously inclined to peace in the future, and after the severe experiences of last winter, spring, and summer, will hesitate long ere they again provoke hostilities.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDWARD CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, October 27, 1863.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the expedition against the Snake Indians under command of Colonel R. F. Maury, First Oregon Cavalry, arrived at this post yesterday. Companies A and E, First Oregon Cavalry, and Company H, First Washington Territory Infantry, reported, in compliance with orders from district headquarters, for duty. Company D, First Oregon Cavalry, is encamped near here en route to Fort Dalles. In the absence of orders referring to Hospital Steward Tiernay, U. S. Army, I have placed him temporarily on duty. The hospital steward of my own regiment is here with his regimental headquarters, and is entirely competent to discharge the duties of hospital steward of the post. I have respectfully to request that Steward Tiernay be relieved from duty at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUSTUS STEINBERGER,

Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.

TUCSON, ARIZ. TER., October 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. COULT,

Fifth Infantry California Vols., Comd., Tucson, Ariz. Ter.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 153, from your headquarters of the 16th instant, I proceeded

