
facilitate the movement of troops at Fort Humboldt, has been submitted to the department commander. The purchase of the boat for the purpose indicated is approved. The superintendent of Indian affairs can remove the Indians to such points as he may select, the removal to be at the expense of the Indian Department, both for subsistence and transportation en route and after their arrival at their destination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 14, 1862.

Colonel F. J. LIPPITT,

Second Infantry, Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR: Your letter of the 10th instant, in reply to a communication addressed to the department commander by certain citizens of Humboldt District, charging you with incompetency and mismanagement as commander of the Military District of Humboldt, has been submitted to the general commanding the department. Agreeably to your request a competent officer will, as soon as convenient, be sent to inspect the District of Humboldt. In the meantime the general sees no grounds for changing the opinions heretofore expressed by him relative to your zeal, efficiency, and competency as commander of the district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 166. Fort Walla Walla, August 14, 1862.

I. In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 46, headquarters District of Oregon, Companies A and C, Fourth California Infantry, U. S. Volunteers, will be relieved from duty at this post at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Steinberger:

WILLIAM MYLES,

First Lieutenant, Washington Territory Infantry, Post Adjutant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 141. San Francisco, Cal., August 15, 1862.

I. The Second Infantry detachment at Alcatraz will proceed on the 20th instant, under the command of Second Lieutenant Grove Watson, to Fort Humboldt. The assistant quartermaster will provide the necessary transportation.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 15,1 862. -For Carleton to Canby, relating to affairs in New Mexico and on the Rio Grande, see Part I, p. 110.]

