
with the detachment placed under my orders on the 17th instant en route for the Pima Villages. Arrived at Blue Water Station, Corporal Selby relieved Corporal Walker, agreeably to your instructions. Arrived at the Pimas, I investigates into the difficulty reported as existing between the corporal and the men stationed there with him, and am of the opinion that as the whole party will be relieved in a few days the matter had better be disregarded and no further action taken in it. I was unable toa scertain whether the U. S. mules loaned to Messrs. White &amp; Lennan had been used to pack freight to the mines, but as they are in very bad condition and are not any longer requte, I directed that they be turned over in charge of the wagon-master, now en route hence, to be brought to the post. In order to ascertain in regard to the wheat in the hands of the Indians, &c., I appointed the day after my arrival for a meeting of the several chiefs, but in consequence of the rejoicing and ceremonies attending a recent success of a party of the Pimas who went in pursuitn of some Apaches who had stolen some of their animals, and four of whom they had killed, it was impracticable to get them together, and I was therefore unable to get them to comply fully with the instructions given me in regard to this matter. It is believed, however, that the Indians have an abundance of wheat on hand still, and they do not offer it for sale as freely as they had done some time since. From what I was enabled to learn the Indians are very well satisfied with the agent purchasing their wheat for the Government, and it is said that he has dealt very fairly with them. The teams for the several stations left the Pimas on the 25th instant in charge of Corporal Walker. A copy of my instructions to him is respectfully inclosed. *

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FERENCH,

Captain, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson, Nev. Ter., October 28, 1863. (Received 1. 45 a. m. 30th.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Will the Government accept a full company of volunteers from this Territory, they bearing their own expenses to the city of New York?

JAMES W. NYE,

Governor.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF OREGON, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Salem, October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: This day I received a communication from Captain Julius M. Keeler, provost-marshal of Oregon, with a copy of a letter from his deputy at Eugene City (A. A. Skinner), by which it seems here is some danger of a resistance to the laws and an organization of men for that purpose. I would furnish you a copy of this communication, but Captain Keeler informed me that he had already done so, which will be all-sufficient. It appears to me that measures should be taken, if possible, to prevent any outbreak, for if civil strife should once commence

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

