
on this coast there is no knowing where it would end. There is at Eugene City at present an organized militia company of about fifty men, all of which I believe are good Union men. They are armed with the rifle musket and organized under the provisions of the militia law of the State. There is also at Lancaster, fifteen miles from Eugene City, an organized company of cavalry of about sixty men, all good loyal men, under the command of Captain F. W. Folsom, a man of considerable energy. This company has no arms, a thing I very much regret, more especially if any trouble should arise. The other companies organized in the State you have seen and know something of what they are composed. Captain Riely, commanding the artillery at this place, thinks his company would be willing to go into active service if necessary. It is evident that prudence, energy, and firmness must be the governing principle of men in authority, in order to prevent a calamity that does in a measure seem to hang over us.

I am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

CYRUS A. REED,

Adjutant-General of Oregon.

CAMP LINCOLN, CAL., October 30, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform the general commanding the department of a fight that occurred among the Indians on Smith's River Reservation, which resulted in one Indian killing another. On receiving information from the supervisor I immediately proceeded there with a detachment of twenty men. Finding that the Indians were in a mutinous state and threatened to fire the place, for the safety of the employed on the reservation and to quell the riot I was compelled to take the Indian who killed the other and have him shot for an example.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. O'BRIEN,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp.

(Copy to First Lieutenant Aquila W. Hanna, First Battalion Mountaineers, acting assistant adjutant-general, Humboldt Military District, Fort Humboldt, Cal.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., October 30, 1863.

Captain DOUGLAS,

Commanding Fort Wright:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the department desires that you will have nothing to do with the Indians or officers of that department, so long as the Indians are peaceable. It is a rule that the Indian Department are to manage the Indians in peace and we in war. The general does not doubt that you have been actuated by the purest motives and by the best interests of the service in all you have done, but it is better to keep the two departments distinct. The subordinates in both departments will correspond with their chiefs only.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

