HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 6, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington City:

(Through headquarters Department of the Pacific.)

SIR: My object in this communication is respectfully to urge that an officer of engineers and an officer of artillery be detailed for duty at these headquarters, the latter to be announced as chief of artillery. The near completion of the batteries now being erected by the Engineer Department at the mouth of the river and the possible wants of this forntier in any exigency render this step proper. There is no company of artillery under my command, and no officer of artillery. Steps should be taken here intended to prepare for any complication in our foreign affairs, as we are to remote from Washington City.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 253. San Francisco, Cal., November 7, 1863.

Colonel Oscar M. Brown, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will transfer the command of troops at Camp Stanford to the officer next in rank, and will then proceed to the city of Sacramento and assumed command of all the troops in or near that place.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. SPARROW PURDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., November 7, 1863.

Captain E. S. PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding, the following report of an inspection made in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 232, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, October 10, 1863. I was directed by this order to make a critical examination of everything which pertained to the military in vicinity of Camp Baker and the new fort at Klamath Lake, Oreg., and also to inquire into certain reports adverse to the conduct of Lieutenant Colonel C. S. Drew, Oregon cavalry, who is now the commanding officer at Fort Klamath. The reports adverse to the conduct of Colonel Drew, to which my attention was especially directed, emanated from Amos E. Rogers, U. S. sub-Indian agent, and are very voluminously set forth in copious extracts from his official letters to Mr. huntington, superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon. The gist of these complaints is contained in the following propositions:

First. Colonel Drew has located the new fort in the Klamath Lake Valley, at a place where it can be off little or no service to the Indian Department in controlling the Indians, and of no utility to the military in protecting the citizens and emigrants from the hostile tribes that live in that section of the country.

Second. That Colonel Drew has openly declared himself inimical to the policy of the Indian Department, and has taken every opportunity to insult its dignity, weaken its power, lessen its influence, and to destroy its authority.

