
minds of a few a strong feeling, and in some cases honestly but nevertless erroneously entertained, against Colonel Drew there can be no question. That petty jualousies, personal interst, and party prejudice have had more or less to do with its formation it would be folly for any one to deny. I have therefore endeavored to be guided by facts, and from these alone have I formed my conclusions.

CAMP BAKER.

Camp Baker, situated about eight miles from Jacksonville, consists of a few old log buildings now of no important to the Government. I would recommend that everything which is of any value, such as locks, windows, and doors, be removed, and that the rest be abandoned or left in charge of any person who will take care of it for the privilege of living in some of the houses and of using the remainder for any purposes he may desire.

FORT KLAMATH.

Fort Klamath, Oreg., is situated eight miles north of the waters of the Upper Klamath Lake. It is about eighty-six miles from Jacksonville by the new wagon road leaving to it, about twenty miles south of the Rogue River and John Day turnpike, which runs from Jacksonville to the Boise mines, and about fifty miles north of the present southern emigrant road leading into Oregon. Near to where the post is located run all the trails leading from Yreka northward. The fort is placed in the most beautiful and pleasant part of the valley. It has a southern exposure, and is surrounded by wood and water in the greatest abudnance. The soil appears of a peculiar nature, but the luxuriance of the grass would seem to indicated that it was capable of producing grain and many of the vegetables in great profusion. It is my opinion that within a year or two cavalry will be as cheaply sustained at this place as they are now in the Rogue River Valley. It is claimed by many that there are at least six townships of good land in close proximity to the fort which hold out great inducements for settlers. That it is quite cold in this vicinity during the winter is certain, its elevation being about 4,000 fee above the sea. Still the Indians say that the lake is seldom frozen over for more than a few weeks, and it is quite certain that they winter their stock but a few miles farther south.

ROADS.

The road from Jacksonville to the fort was made in about one month by Company C, First Oregon Cavalry, commanded by Captain William Kelly. The lieutenants belonging to this company are First Lieutenant F. B. White, who has been all the time on duty with the company, and Second Lieutenant D. C. Underwood, who has perfomred the duties of quartermaster and commissary. The road runs near Mount McLaughlin and is as good as could be expected. The work expended upon it shows that the men must have labored with more than ordinary industry to have finished it in so short a time. It is anticipated that soon a wagon road will be opened from the fort to the John Day turnpike north, and road to the Yreka wagon road south. It is the fort can be supplied much more cheaply by the way of Yreka thanit is now through Jacksonville. Again, the present location of the fort is on the old Nez Perce Indian trail, leading from California to Snake River; and it is near the road from Yreka to the emigrant road leading from

