
Fort Boise to the Middle Fork of the Willamette River, and it is also in the vicinity of the new wagon road leading up the Rogue River to the Boise mines. It is more than probably that three times the amount of travel will pass these trails and this road than will pass over the old emigrant road through the Modoc country.

(The above is taken from a petition addressed to the Governor of Oregon, praying that he will use his influence that the new fort may not be removed.) There can be little reason to doubt that soon cavalry stationed at this fort will find roads in all directions, by which they can operate and hold in subjection the Indians in all the surrounding country.

BUILDINGS AT FORT KLAMATH.

The buildings now in process of erection are being constructed under estimates and plans made by Colonel Drew and approved at department headquarters. Colonel Drew appears to be exercising the best of judgment in their location and the greatest economy in their plans. In the original plan the store-house was found to be too small to answer the purposes of the quartermaster and commissary. It has accordingly been built 80 by 30, which is quite small enough for a two-company post. Theere is no estimate or plan yet made for a stable, and I would recommend that the stables be at once built. The carpenters are now at the fort, and they will work quite as cheaply, if not cheaper, during the winter than they will in the spring. An office building for the commanding officer, and also for the office of the quartermaster and commissary, should also be added to the original estimates.

QUARTERMASTER AND COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT.

Lieutenant Underwood is the acting quartermaster and commissary. He up to this time has done the duties at both Camp Baker and Fort Klamath. This has to some extent made him responsible for property beyond his immediate control. Inasmuch as the horses are this winter to be kept in Rogue River Valley and a sufficient number of men to care for them, I recommend that the responsibility be divided between two officers, one with the horses and the other at Fort Klamath, which Colonel Drew has decided to order. The business in these departments has been conducted with economy. It is true that in all cases the usual mode of advertising for contracts has not been resorted to, but in every case, before supplies have been bought, authority for the purchase has been received from the headquarters of the department. The dispatch necessary in building and supplying the new post would hardly allow the usual methold been followed, if the Government would have profited by it. I therefore believe that, although the course pursued has promoted some jealousy among the citizens, nevertheless, the Government has not been the loser. The papers in these departments seem to be well kept and very well understood.

COMPANY C, FIRST OREGON CAVALRY.

Company C numbers seventy-nine rank and file. Seventy-six of this number are present. The men appeared in good health, only three being sick at the time I inspected. The arms and accouterments were good, the clothing apparently new, and the company dismounted made a fine appearance. The horses are nearly all American and Oregon

