
raised, in fine condition, and serviceable for any duty. These horses I inspected at Fort Klamath and in Rouge River Valley. The company books are well kept, as well as all the company property accounts. The officers and men were in camp at the time I inspected, and just having moved and not yet being settled, there wee allowances to be made for many thigs relating to official papers and records.

INDIANS.

Colonel Drew thinks that about ten miles south of the fort there is a good place for an Indian reservation, and which, if selected, will place all the surrounding Indians directly under the command of the fort. La Lake's tribe now live in this vicinity. The Indians have already given up to the troops several stolen horses and one mule, showing that their presence is already felt and appreciated. I have little fears of murders on the emigrant road, where they are said usually to have occurred, if Fort Klamath is occupied by cavalry. During the winter the troops at Fort Klamath will hold completely at their mercy all the tribes in the vicinity of the Klamath Lake Valley.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JAMES VAN VOAST,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Inspecting Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 9, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a communication addressed to my headquarters by Brigadier General P. E. Connor, commanding the District of Utah, dated October 27, 1863, conveying the pleasant intelligence that treaties of Indians within that district. * Hoping ttate of affairs in the District of Utah, brought about by the dinstinguished bravery and good conduct of the California column, may continue without interruption, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 9, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

Your telgram of the 4th instant received. The General-in-Chief directs that Major D. Woodruff proceed at once to obey Special Orders, Numbers 446, from Headquarters of the Army.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 658.

---------------

