HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 9, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have to report, for the information of the general commanding the department, that the provost-marshal of Oregon at Salem and the deputy provost-marshal at Eugene City report to this office that they apprehended resistance to the enrollment near the latter place, and ask for troops. Major P. Lugenbeel, Nineteenth Infantry, assistant provost-marshal-general, has gone to Eugene City to investigate on the spot the whole subject. If he requests troops I shall send them to assist in enforcing the laws and the preservation of order. I shall leave all the arrests to be made, if any are necessary, by the provost-marshal, turning over those arrested to the civil authority, as provided in section 25 of the act of 3rd of March, 1863, providing for "enrollment and calling out the national forces," &amp;c. I received the telegram from the general commanding the department, dated the 31st ultimo, saying that Major P. Lugenbeel was to be relieved as assistant provost-marshal-general and that he would return to Fort Boise. He has been in Portland about three weeks in discharge of the duties of that office.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 10, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: For the information of the General-in-Chief and honorable Secretary of War, I have the honor to submit the inclosed communication, addressed to my headquarters by Brigadier General P. E. Connor, commanding the District of Utah. * When I sent General Connor to establish posts in Utah and take command of that district I impressed upon him the necessity of pursuing a conservative policy with those people, and on several occasions subsequently it has only been with forbearance and sound judgment that a collision has been avoided. The late discovery of valuable mines in the Territory will, it is believed, draw thither a large population in the course of a year or two, and if so, it will exercise a powerful influence towipe out that damning stain upon the Christian morality of the American people.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

OCCIDENTAL HOTEL,

San Francisco, Cal., November 10, 1863.

Brigadier-General WIRGHT:

DEAR SIR: You have probably received ere this a requisition from the Department at Washington for tree regiments of troops to be employed in Arizona. I am requested by Governor Goodwin, who holds

---------------

*See October 26, p. 655.

---------------

