
an order on you from the War Department, duly signed by the President, to call on you tofurnish the requisite number of men of rthe purpose mentioned by the 1st of December ensuing. Please reply at your earliest convenience.

Respectfully, yours,

M. B. DUFFIELD,

United States Marshal, Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 10, 1863.

His Excellency JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 5th instant, and to assure Your Excellency that it will afford me great pleasure to comply with your request. I will give the necessary instructions to the officer in command of Fort Churchill to issue the arms and equipments to the officer commanding the Washoe Guards on his requisition, approved by ou. I shall require not only receipts, but bonds and security for the safe-keeping of the arms and equipments, and besides, a special agreement under bonds to deliver the arms and equipments on the orders of the commanding officer of this department whenever they may be called for.

With great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Olympia, Wash. Ter., November 10, 1863.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD, U. S. Army,

Commanding of District of Oregon:

GENERAL: In our interview at Vancouver of October last you kindly promised to furnish me a statement of such of the operations of your department and the measures taken for the protection of overland immigration s might be of interest to the citizens of the Territory and appropriately noticed in my annual message to the Legislative Asembly. As so brief a period will elapse before the meeting of the Assembly, which convenes on the 7th proximo, you will pardon my calling your attention to the subject, and I would ask that you forward me the promised statement at your earliest convenience.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., November 11, 1863.

Adjt. General WILLIAM C. KIBEE,

General Headquarters, Sacramenton:

GENERAL: I find that I have issued to the State of California 5,300 stand of arms, and above the quota allowed by law. It is not deemed

