
OFFICE ACTING ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Portland, Oreg., November 13, 1863.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commanding general of District of Oregon, that I returned this morning from my tour of inspection to the Upper Willamette. It affords me great pleasure in informing the commanding general that no resistance whatever will be made to the enrollment anywhere west of the Cascade Mountains, in the State of Oregon. I went as far as Spencer Creek, in Lane County, and was singularly fortunate in meeting with the leading men of all parties and shades of parties in the different counties of the reported disaffected region of Oregon. I also saw and conversed with the enrolling officers of Linn, Benton, and Lane Counties, and also the deputy provost-marshal (Judge Skinner) of that district. I had frequent conversations with Judge Stratton, of Lane; Judge Chadwick and Mr. Mosier, of Douglas, and various persons from Curry County, in Oregon. They all assure me that no resistance whatever has been contemplated or will be made to the enrollment. I regret, however, to inform you that nearly every person I have conversed with objects to any draft being made, except the necessity exists of resisting a foreign invasion, or to chastise hostile Indians. The reason given for this opinion are, that there is no floating population in the agricultural counties, and laborers cannot be hired to assist in the cultivation of the soil. The enrollment is progressing in a satisfactory manner.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servat,

PINKNEY LUGENBEEL,

Major 19th Infty., Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Oregon and Washington Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 14, 1863.

Commodore THOMAS O. SELFRIDGE,

Commandant, Mare Island, Cal.:

COMMODORE: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication addressed to General Wright, which has been referred to Colonel De Russy, who is the only engineer officer at present in San Francisco. I fear the colonel's duties here will prevent his complying with your request.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 40. San Francisco, Cal., November 14, 1863.

In order that the instructions of the War Department respecting new organizations and their muster into service may be complied with, the control exercised over the same by the commissary of musters and superintendent of recruiting service is hereby transferred to the Governors of States and Territories, respectively, that the recruiting may be conducted as directed in General Orders, Numbers 75, July 8, 1862, from the War Department.

43 R R-VOL L, PT II

