
All officers recruiting for new organizations will report for instructions to the Governors of their respective States and Territories.

II. In paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 75, of 1862, from War Department, the term "muster in" is used by mistake for "enlist. "

III. In accordance with revised regulations for the Army, leaves of absence can only be granted by the Secretary of War, except in cases where "a change of location is immediately demanded to save life or prevent permanent disability," when the commander of the department or district can grant not exceeding twenty days.

IV. The telegraph will only be resorted to by officers in case of urgent and imperative necessity; and in all cases the charges will be prepaid by the officers sending the message, which amount will be refunded to the officer on his certificate to the account and the necessity of the communication approved by the department commander.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 258. San Francisco, Cal., November 14, 1863.

1. Paragraph 2, of Special Orders, Numbers 257, is hereby modified so that Major Dickinson Woodruff may complete his muster-rolls and other papers pertaining to the office of the assistant commissary of musters. He shall remain on duty in this department until the 23rd instant, when he will sail for New York.

2. Lieutenant Abram C. Wildrick, Third Artillery, is hereby detailed as assistant commissary of musters and mustering officer, and will report to Colonel Washington Seawell, U. S. Army, commissary of musters.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. SPARROW PURDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCCIDENTAL HOTEL,

San Francisco, Cal., November 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

DEAR SIR: I am requested by Governor Goodwin, of Arizona, to call upon you for three regiments of troops for the protection of that Territory, principally cavalry. Please inform me if you can make it conveneint to comply with that request, and if so, whether it will be possible to furnish said troops by the 25th of the present month, and oblige,

Yours, with the greatest respect,

M. B. DOFFIELD,

U. S. Marshal, Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter., November 16, 1863.

His Excellency WILLIAM PICKERING,

Governor of Washington Territory, Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to report, as I promised, the measures taken by me for the protection of the frontier and the overland emigrant route during the past season. In May six companies of troops, under

