
command of Colonel Steinberger, were placed at Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter., to attend the council with the New Perce Indians. Their presence materially contributed to the success of the negotiations with that tribe for the surrender of the gold-bearing regions of their reservation, and wad calculated favorably to impress all the surrounding tribes. From Fort Lapwai Colonel maury proceeded in June with three companies of First Oregon Cavalry to Fort Boise, where he was joined by two companies of Firt Washington Territory Infantry. With the five companies he proceeded upon the emigrant road to a point on Snake River above Fort Hall. When Captain Crawford left here in february for the east to bring an emigrant escort across from Omaha, Nebr., I had promised him that Colonel Maury should meet him at that ferry above Fort Hall between the 15th and 20th of August. By a rare coincidence Captain Crawford and Colonel Maury met at the same moment on the 17th of August. I am happy to say that from the reports of Captain Crawford and Colonel Maury I am satisfied that the emigration of this year has met with no disturbance whatever from the Indians throughout their whole joinrney to the Columbia River. Colonel Maruy returned to Fort Walla Walla by the route south of the Snake River, examining the regions of the upper Bruneau and Owyhee Rivers. On the 4th of July major Lugenbeel, with three companies of infantry and a detachment of cavalry, established a new military post at a new Fort Boise, forty-three miles above the old fort on Boise River. It will have an important influence in controlling the surrounding tribes. I claim that during the time I have been in command the past two season there have been executed the first systematic plans to protect the overland emigration. Each season I have directed the troops not to return to Fort Walla Walla until the end of October. Next spring I shall endeavor to send troops against the Snakes, who have given some trouble in the region south of Auburn and Canyon City. I am happy to announce the commencement of the erection of defenses at the mouth of the Columbia River. I have urged in the strongest terms upon the Government the importance of sending iron-clad vessels for the Columbia River and Puget Sound. We are entitled to receive our share of naval defenses.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 510. Washington, November 17, 1863.

* *

19. Brigadier General John S. Mason, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from command of the depot for drafted men at Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio, and on the expiration of his leave of absence will proceed without delay to San Francisco, Cal., and relieve Captain and Bvt. Major George P. Andrews, Third U. S. Artillery, in the duties of assistant to the provost-marshal-general of the United States for the State of California and Territory of Nevada. He will also assume the duties of superintendent of volunteer recruiting service for the above State and Territory.

* *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

