HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 17, 1863.

Major M. B. DUFFIELD,

United States Marshal for Arizona, Occidental Hotel:

SIR: I have received your communication of the 14th instant. It is entirely out of the question to furnish the number of troops that Governor Goodwin requests for service in Arizona. I am now prearing to throw forward the balance of the First Regiment of Cavalry California Volunteers, via Fort Yuma, and thence into the Territory of Arizona; one company of the regiment will be prepared to march from Camp Drum, New San Pedro, Cal., about the 1st of December, and the officer in command will be instructed to afford you protection and assistance in reaching your destination. Other companies will follow at convenient intervals. The disposition of the forces after reaching Tucson rests with Brigadier-General Carleton, as that Territory is at present within the Department of New Mexico. Should the Territory of Arizona be restored to my department, I shall take great pleasure in sending such a force there as will insure protection from foes within or without, and maintain the authority of the civil administration.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 19, 1863.

Major P. LUGENBEEL, U. S. Army,

19th Infty., Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General for Oregon and Washington Territory, Portland, Oreg.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your report of the 13th instant, and it is with much satisfaction I received your statement that your recent visit to Lane County, Oreg., leads to the belief that no resistance whatever will be made to the enrollment anywhere west of Cascade Mountains, in the State of Oregon. I desire to express my sense of the valuable service that you have rendered in this joiney. I was very much pleased to hear the result of it. I sent a copy of it immediately to department headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 20, 1863.

Colonel E. D. TONSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of my General Orders, Numbers 40, current series. * I have heretofore frequently reported to the Department the difficulties and embarrassments we labored under in this department in raising and organizing volunteers. In consequence of the sparse population over a vast extent of country, it

---------------

*See p. 673.

---------------

