
was found impracticable for the Governors of States and Territories to conduct the recruiting service without the aid of military authorities. Anxious as I have been for some time past to make the experiment of relying solely upon the Governor, I have prepared and issued the order above referred to. In recruiting for the new organizations, under the superintendency of the commissary of musters, the greatest economy has been enjoined and enforced, and I fell sure that the best interests of the Government have been subserved. My letter addressed to Adjutant-General Thomas on the 8th of June last I be leave to call your attention to, as well as your answer to that communication, dated on the 7th of July, in which you say that the General-in-Chief approves the course pursued by me.

To you, who served so long in this department, I need not recapitulate the delays and difficulties I have encountered in my efforts to comply with the orders and regulations from the War Department. One thing is certain, the peace and quiet of a country extending from the British possessions on the north to the Republic of Mexico on the south, and from the Pacific Ocean on the west to the farther limits of the Territory of Utah in the east, have been preserved; and besides that, the troops which I organized and sent forth from California reconquered the Territories of Arizona and New Mexico, at one time overrun by the rebel forces, and have held undistrubed possession of that country since the summer of 1862. I can also speak with pride of the gallant conduct of the troops I organized and sent forth from this State for the protection of the Overland Mail Route and occupations of the Territory of Utah.

In the execution of all the varied duties and responsibilities in this remote department it has frequently been necessary for me to act promptly and assume responsiblities which, in time of peace, I should have deferred for the decision of the General-in-Chief and War Department. I am not aware that during my command of this department a single charge has ever been made against me of malfeasanxw in office, or of a disregard of the best interests of the Government, and I have no apprehension that any charges of that kind will be made. I have done, and shall do, what seems to be myduty, acknowledgingin my responsibility to the General-in-Chief, the Secretary of War, and to the President of the United States, under the concluding paragraph of his letter to the Missouri delegation of 5th of October. I beg leave most respectfully to ask of the Secretary of War an approval of all I have done in the matter of raising, organizing, and appointing officers for volunteer organizations in this department. I ask for this because we may experience some objections by the accounting officers, in cases where the regulations of the Department have not been strictly followed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 20, 1863-11 a. m.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Herewith I inclose to you an extract from a private letter of the 20th of October, from Allen Francis, esq., U. S. consul at Victoria,

