
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] VICTORIA VANCOUVER ISLAND, October 20, 1863.

EDITOR OREGONIAN: This morning the revenue cutter Joe Lane (her name ought to be changed for a patriotic one) came into port bringing Doctor Gunn, the new collector at Port Angeles. He has now gone with the cutter to San Juan with Major Winston on board, who visits that island for the payment of troops. Last week Governor Gibbs was here. It was refreshing to loyal Americans to meet him here. He is for putting down the rebels in a way that will prevent another rebellion. We had a strange arrival here the other day. It was a schooner-rigged, of about 300 tons, and is said to sail very fast. Since her arrival rumors have been rife that the rebels have been trying to buy her for a privateer, and it is further said that if they give the price asked they can have her. We shall see. About three weeks ago an English ship called the Jasper arrived here from Liverpool with ago an english ship caled the Jasper arrived here from Liverpool with near 1,000 barrels of powder, shell, &amp;c., which some suppose to have connection with the advent of the schooner spoken of in these waters. It is a great blunder that the United States Government has no war vessels in the North Pacific. We have nothing in the shape of a war vessel but the Joe lane, brigantine, a poor sailer, and poorly manned and armed. The miners are now coming down from the upper country, generally in desperate circumstances, mostly secesh, and ready for anything. The rebels here seem to be active, have their regular private meetings, as is understood, and would be willing to act should any misfortune occur to our natioanl arms. It is well understood, however, that the Government will promptly put a stop to privateering from this port. The change of policy in England will have a salutary effect here. We are again in the midst of a gold excitement. A few days ago it was announced that a large gold field had been struck twelve miles from the city. Some 300 or 400 men immediately rushed for it-lawyers, doctors, merchants, &c. -and news from there last night says that there are 500 miners on the ground, staking off claims, building, and prospecting. The diggings are reported as paying $2 and $3 a day. The Governor visited the grounds yesterday, and, it is said, is highly gratified with the prospects. If the hopes of the people here are reazlied the discoveries will be a vast benefit to Victoria.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 20, 1863.

ALLEN FRANCIS,

U. S. Consul, Victoria, Vancouver Island:

SIR: I have just this moment seen for the first time your letter of the 20th ultimo to your brother, Major S. Francis, speaking of the plots of the rebel sympathizers to raise a privateer in Victoria. Your letter was published in the Oregonian of this morning. Your brother was absent on a trip to Fort colville when your letter reached here. If addressed to me I should have goten it near a month since, and should have instantly acted. Perhaps you did also write to the naval authorities in California. A letter to the commanding officer U. S. naval forces, navy-yard, Mare Island, Cal., would always reach the right hands, or to General Wright or commanding officer, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco. I have just telegraphed to General Wright that "from statements of the

