
are earnest in their desire to remain a peace, and that if any of the tribe act with the Redwoods in their forays it is without the knowledge or consent of the tribe generally, and that consequently the Hoopas as a tribe ought not to be held responsible. All they desire is to remain in peaceable possession of the ranches where they are living at present very comfortably, and there can be no possible inducement for them to join the hostile bands in their depredations. It was considered a suspicious circumstance that a large numbeer of these Hoopas were for some weeks absent from their ranches. I was told by one of the chiefs soon after my arrival that the Indians were down the Klamath engaged in fishing, so as to secure their winter's provisions. This has been confirmed by the fact that for a week or ten days past they have every day been passing up the Trinity into the valley in canoes loaded with salmon, &amp;c., until now they are all at home again. It was very diffciult to get their consent to furnish guides for our scouting parties, as they say the Redwoods have told them that if the Hoopas assisted the soldiers they woopa Valley and kill the settlers, so that it might be laid to the Hoopa Indians. But at last they yielded the point, relying upon my promise to protect them a gainst any unjust accusations. They profess to have great confidence in what I say, and I believe one principal cause for their favorable impression is to be found in the stringent orders I have issued against crossing the river by the men of the command, thus putting a stop to interference with their domestic institutions. It is my opinion that they will adhere strictly to the agreement. I impressed them with a feeling of the importance of the proceedings by having the officers present in full dress and using certain ceremonies upon the occasion. Having received information that some armed Redwood Indians had been seen upon a trail near Willow Creek a few days since, I dispatched Lieutenant Campbell with a scouting party, on the night of the 13th instnat, with orders to keep close during daylight, and I have some hopes he may come upon them, as a good guide was with the party.

The express that I sent to Fort Humboldt arrived to-day, and to my disappointment brought me no written communication fromt he colonel commanding. The sergeant said that the colonel expected Company H to arrive at Fort Humboldt the last of this week. Company K did not reach here until about 3 p. m. to-day (Firday), therefore Company H is still at this post, and my quartermaster informs me he cannot arrange for the trnasportation of the company until the first of the week, as his mules are all on the way to Arcata for potatoes, &c., and that he cannot make an arangement with McConaha's pack train (just arrived), except at a very exorbitant rate. Therefore, as I do not feel warranted in authorizing any excessive expenditure, and also as Lieutenant Coampbell and a detachment of Company H are absent on a scout and may not return before Sunday, I have decided to wait for our own train. Lieutenant Schindler has visited the English trader at the mouth of Willow Creek. He went in citizen's dress and thoroughly investigated the matter of sales to Indians. He became perfectly convinced that there was no foundation for the charge against the man and that he has had no lead for sale in his store or shanty, for it is a very small, poor affair, and not such a place as would be kept by a person who was engaged in the profitable business of selling ammunition to Indians. After Lieutenant S[chindler] made himself known as an officer the man showed his books, by which it appeared he had bought but two canisters of powder in three years; and Mr. S[chindler] noticed

