
U. S. consul at Victoria of designs to fit out a privateer, I think the Saginaw or some naval vessel should at once be sent to Puget Sound. Their object would no doubt be to seize a steamship having gold on board. " I suppose you received my letter of the 11th instant on this subject. The rumors I had on the subject were of a very faint character. You will, of course, have the Joe Lane, revenue cuter, advised of matters of this kind. On the 3rd of September I wrote to Admiral Bell, commanding the Pacific Squadron, asking for a vessel for these waters. On the 14th instant I received his reply from San Francisco of the 5th instant, expressing his regret that he could not comply with my request. He wrote from the flag-ship Lancaster, then at San Francisco.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., November 20, 1863.

Major P. LUGENBEEL, U. S. Army,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, Portland, Oreg.:

MAJOR: Have you seen the letter from Victoria of 20th ultimo in the Oregonian of this morning? I have just this moment learned that it was from Alen Francis, U. S. consul at Victoria, to his brother, Major Francis. As the statements come from him I attribute much importance to them. I have telegraphed General Wright this morning that the Saginaw or some naval vessel should at once be sent to Puget Sound. When I saw you last, about the 30th, Irecommended that you should send a detective to Victoria to look after any plots to raise a privateer, as I understood you to say that you had authority to have one. Were you able to do so? I wrote to the consul at Victoria on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. -Lieutenant-Colonel English writes that he will go by water to Porland, getting there by the steamer about the 23rd of December.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 261. San Francisco, Cal., November 21, 1863.

1. Captain William B. Kennedy, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed with his company by the boat which leaves Stockton on the 25th instant to Benicia. On arrival he will report to the commanding officer of Benicia Barracks. The men will carry cooked rations for the trip in their haversacks.

2. Colonel Oscar M. Brown, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will designate a cavalry company from his command at Camp Union to proceed to Camp Drum, San Pedro. The depute quartermaster-general will make all the necessary ararngements for its transportation by steamer to San Pedro. So soon as the arrangements are made the company will be sent down from Sacramento by river boat, so that it can be transferred directly to the San Pedro steamer.

3. The remaining company of cavalry at Stockton will proceed to Camp Union, Sacramenton, as soon as possible, taking all the public

