
The superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon sent me a communication which he had received from Sub-Agent Rogers in which he (Rogers) undertakes to point out the placewhere the post should have been, but he was given to understand very plainly that his opinion had not been asked, and he quietly subsided, and has, I believe, resigned. With the view of having on record a report of the position of Fort Klamath, as well as to inquire into certain allegations against Lieutenant-Colonel Drew, I ordered Captain James Van Voast, of the Ninth Infantry, to proceed to Jacksonville and Fort Klamath and make a critical examination of everything pertaining to the military in that quarter. His report, which is herewith inclosed, meets with my full approval. * The sketch which is attached to the report shows the location of Fort Klamath. I believe it is the best position we could occupy in that country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CONSULATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

Victoria, Vancouver Island, November 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Oreg.:

SIR: Yours of the 12th reached here on the 17th instant. In reply thereto allow me to assure you I have neither spared time, pains, nor expense in endeavoring to learn what our enemies were doing toward getting or fitting out a vessel to prey upon American commerce. At this time the number of rebels and sympathizers here have increased by arrival from Bristish Columbia gold mines. They have their regular meetins, and so far have done nothing toward consummating any plan to injure our commerce. I am positive of this, as I am posted in all their movements. Governor Douglas has assured me, and authorized the same to be communicated to the State Department, that he should use all the means in his power to prevent the fitting out of privateers, either in the waters of British Columbia or Vancouver Island, and desired me to give him all the information coming to my knowledge on the subject. I believe the Governor sincere, favorably disposed toward the Union cause. Since last winter there has been no movement made here by the rebels at all alarming, and without our friends in the States meet with some disastrous reverses I am satisfied none will now be made. We have a report here that there is now on this coast a privateer sailing vessel fitted out on the Atlantic coast or the coast of Mexico. There is nothing, however, reliable in relation to it. It is certainly very negligent in our Government not sending a man-of-war to this part of the coast. I have represented to it our exposed situation and the danger of the rebels succeeding in fitting out ins ome of the numerous harobrs of this island a vessel that might commit great depredations on our commerce, and I desire the co-operation of you, General Alvord, and other officers of Governmentin representing the matter in such a manner that our Government will act in the matter before it is too late. Will General Alvord remember me to my brother and his wife?

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

ALLEN FRANCIS,

U. S. Consul.

---------------

*See p. 664.

---------------

