
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 10. Camp Drum, Cal., November 25, 1863.

From and after December 1, 1863, the official designation of Camp drum, these headquarters, will be Drum Barracks.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis:

WM. FORRY,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Fourth Infty. California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

COMMANDANT'S OFFICE,

Navy-Yard, Mare Island, Cal., November 26, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding the Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th instant, inclosing a telegraphic dispatch from General Alvord on the subject of designs to fit out a privateer at Victoria. Copies of these have been sent to Commodore C. H. Poor, commanding the U. S. steamer Saranac, now here undergoing repairs, who, as senior officer, I presume, will confer with you in this matter and take such measures in the case as the public interests demand. I have no vessel under my charge which is fit or I could prepare for the service you mention. The Saginaw was taken from my command and attached to the Pacific Squadron. My opinion is that there should always be in the harbor of San Francisco a war steamer available for immediate service, and I have so expressed myself to the Government and to Rear-Admiral Bell, commanding the Pacific Squadron.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. SELFRIDGE,

Commandant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, November 26, 1863.

Brigadier General J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

GENERAL: The organization of the seven companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers is nearly complete. The last company will be mustered in early in December. I have two of the companies in Southern California, and another goes down to-day to San Pedro. One company will leave San Pedro about the 1st of December to move directly to Tucson. Other companies will follow at conveneint interback to Fort Yuma all the wagons used by the first company which reaches his station. This is necessary, as our means of transportation is very limited. Major Duffield, U. S. Marshal for Arizona, goes with the first company to Tucson. The Governor of California has appointed Lieutenant Colonel O. M. Brown to be colonel of the First Cavalry. He is now at Camp Union, Sacramenton, attending the organization of the regiment. Would it not be well for you to send the regimental papers and the adjutant to Sacramento, to go out with the colonel? Having had no colonel for a length of time, I apprehend the papers of the regiment are much in arrears.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

