
some old empty tea chests with the lead linings remaining in them, w hich is strong circumstantial evidence in the man's favor. Doctor Flock is much troubled at being left without a hospital steward. There is not a man in the command fit for the position. Since writing the above McConaha's train has been engaged to take Company H's property, and I suppose it will take about two days to get everything in order for transportation. Every night our patrols are on the move through the valley, and the settlers are now quite over their alarm.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Northern Division, Humboldt Military District.

[Inclosure.] HDQRS. NORTHERN DIVISION, HUMBOLDT MIL. DIST. Fort Gaston, Cal., August 14, 1862.

This day the following chiefs and head men of the Hoopa tribe of Indians assembled at Fort Gaston, viz:

Maw-wee ma, of Matilta Ranch; Maw-wee-ma, of Tagleeminta Ranch; Captain John, of Matilta Ranch, and fourteen head men of the following ranches, viz, first, Testangatang; second, Hoslinda; third, Sonaltar; fourth, Miscrat; fifth, Onsota, and made the following declarations and agreements in the name and as representatives of the Hoopa tribe of Indians to and with the commandant of the Northern Division, Humboldt Military District. The Hoopa tribe desire to remain at peace with the whites, and wish not to be moved from their present localities. The chiefs desire if any of the Hoopa Indians should be found acting with the Redwood Indians or other hostile Indians that they shall be severely punished or killed when caught. The chiefs agree to use their utmost exertions to detect and deliver up to the U. S. authorities any Hoopa Indians whom they may at any time know to be engaged in hostilities against the whites. The chiefs further agree to furnish guides to act against hostile Indians whenever required by U. S. military officers of this post. The commanding officer promises to keep peace with the Hoopa Indians, and to protect them in their possession, provided they faithfully carry out the stipulations of this agreement.

MAW-WEE-MA (his x mark),

Of Matilta Ranch,

MAW-WEE-MA (his x mark),

Of Tagleeminta Ranch,

CAPTAIN JOHN (his x mark),

Of Matilta Ranch,

Representing Hoopa Tribe of Indians.

JAS N. OLNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Northern Division, Humboldt Military District.

Wetnesses:

E. R. THELLER,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

JOHN MONHOLLAND,

First Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

C. P. FAIRFIELD,

Second Lieutenant, Second Infantry California Volunteers.

