
next steamer for Fort Humboldt. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation, and will make arrangements as to time of departure, &amp;c.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson City, Nev. Ter., November 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: A company of organized militia under our Territorial laws has been organized in Virginia City by the name of the The National Guards, commanded by Captain W. E. Melville. The company are legally organized and have complied with all the requisitions of our laws and are all loyal men. The company numbers eighty men. Will you issue an order to Major McDermit to deliver to Captain Melville arms for that number, subject to such rules as you may prescribe?

I am, dear sir, your humble and obedient servant,

JAMES W. NYE,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Nevada Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., November 30, 1863.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mesilla, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I returned to Tucson on the 16th instant from the reconnaissance made for the purpose of determining the practicability of making a good wagon road from Tubac to Fort Buchanan through the Santa Rita Moutains. I hoped to have been able to forward my official report with accompanying maps by this mail, but having n one to assist me in making the maps, and being somehwat out of practice myself, it is slower work then I had conceived. The result of my investigation was favorable, and I found the country more easily passed than I had thought to. The distance from Tubac to Fort Buchanan by the route I took is 36. 32 miles. I will send the detailed report by the next mail. I have further to report that Captain A. L. Anderson, acting engineer officer for the department, left here with his exploring expedition on the 23rd instant. Also that Lance Corporal Reynolds and sixteen privates of Companies B and C, First Cavalry, and Company B, Second Cavalry, will proceed from this post to-morrow for Mesilla, for the purpose of joining their respective companies. This party is the last of the vedettes or others whose companies are on the Rio Grande.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Vols., Commanding

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 34. Drum Barracks, Cal., December 1, 1863.

1. Company G (Gorham's), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will take up its line of march from these headquarters for Tucson, Ariz. Ter., on the 3rd instant, as escort to the U. S. marshal of Arizona and

