
other civil officers accompanying him. The company commander will report its arrival at Tucson by letter to the headquarters Department of the Pacific, and will report for duty to the commanding officer at Tucson.

* *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis:

WM. FORBY,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Fourth Infty. California Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP BIDWELL,Chico, Cal., December 3, 1863.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report that in obedience to special orders from the general commanding Department of the Pacific, left Camp Bidwell, Chico, Cal., November 19, 1863, with sixteen men and horses of Company F, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, passing through Pentz, Yankee Hill, Cherokee, Hubbard's (on the North Fork of Feather River), Oregon City, Oroville, and Henshaw's ranch, returning by the way of Oroville to Camp Bidwell, arriving there November 23, 1863, having captured en route twenty Indians that had run away from the Round Valley Reservation. Found it very difficult to capture them, as information had been sent in advance of us that we were coming. The country very rough and the people more disposed to secrete them than to give us information of their hiding-places. These Indians have formerly been living with white men, or whom are called squaw men. Left Camp Bidwell, Chico, Cal., November 25, 1863, with nine men and one Government team en route for the Indians reservation at Round Valley, Mendocino County, with twenty Indians, going by the way of Tehama, Lacock's, and the Mountain house, arriving there on the 28th of November, 1863, and turned them over to the supervisor. Found the reservation in much better condition than when there in September last; about 1,100 Indians well housed for the winter and appeared to be well caref for. All were busy in building fences and putting the reservation in order. Found by inspection in storehouses abundance of provisions of all kinds-I should think to subsist the Indians on during the winter. The trail over the mountains was very rough and difficult to travel, having to pass over snow from one to three feet deep for four miles. Another storm, I presume, will make the trail impassable. Left Round Valley November 29, 1863, and returned to Camp Bidwell, arriving there December 2, 1863, at 12 m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUSTUS W. STARR,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., December 7, 1863.

Captain E. S. PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant His Excellency Governor J. W. Nye issued his proclamation to the people of this

