
obtaining, as I shall, the recommendation of the Colonel R. E. De Russy, of Engineers, on this subject. I allude to it now, as it may be desirable that you should recur to it in the estimates for appropriations by Congress. After a declaration of war it would take a long period tog et such articles out here; therefore a wise forethought dictates that they should be placed on deposit.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 9, 1863.

His Excellency J. W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City, Nev. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 30th ultimo. The arms and accounterments invoiced to the commanding officer of Fort Churchill will be forwarded from Benicia Arsenal as soon as possible. I will accept and muster into the service of the United States for the Territory of Nevada one complete regiment of infantry. The plan of organization, as well as all the instructions and orders from the War Department touching the subject, will be furnished to Your Excellency by Colonel W. Seawell, U. S. Army, commissary of musters and mustering officer for this department, stationed at my headquarters.

With great respect, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT GASTON, KLAMATH COUNTY, CAL.,

December 10, 1863.

Captain E. SPARROW PURDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: On December 1 we received information from Orleans Bar that the Indian Big Jim, the leader in the late Indian depredations, with five of his party, well armed, had passed that place. I immediately dispatched First Lieutenant Hempfield, who marched in two hours after receipt of information, with thirty men and six days' rations, to pusue and capture the party, but ere he reached the Bar Jim had returned to Trinity, after having burned a house at the mouth of Salmon, on the Klamath River, belonging to a Mr. Sims. The location is near a large ranch of friendly Indians numbering 100 fighting bucks. They disclaim all participation in the outrage, and lay it to Jim's party. Sims was living with a squaw, and has killed at his place some time ago a couple of Indians. It is supposed the Indians sought his life and burned the house to create excitement or revenge, as there was nothing stolen. From Jim's actions it is evident his visit was to incite friendly Indians to fight the whites. He offered $30 and a rifle to all Indians who would join him, and finally threatened that he would make them fight the whites, which he endeavored to verify in the burning of Saims' house. He was unsuccessful in gaining recruits, and it is believed he obtained but a small amount of ammunition. He offered $5 a can for powder, the same for caps per box, and $45 for a yager. If this post had been supplied with saddles, as repeatedly requested, I

