
think we could have captured the party. Unless we are properly supplied with means for the speedy conveyance of me the war will necessarily be long and tedious. I feel no uneasiness about the Indians on the Klamath, as they manifest the most friendly feelings toward the whites. I have been requeted by some of the Klamaths to allow a party of twenty of their fighting bucks to pursue and fight Jim. This morning Jim and his party attacked a couple of Indians who were working for Mr. Moffitt. One was killed instantly, the other escaped. No violence was offered the whites. To-night if the weather permits a scout of three parties for three days will scout the mountains, where he is supposed to be.

December 12, 6 a. m. -The scout has not been able to leave on account of a heavy rain-storm that has prevailed from the night of the 11th up to the present time. Jim has desired an interivew with me. As near as I can learn from the mesenger he and his party wish to come into the valley and live on terms of peace again, but will not come in as prisoners nor give up their arms. I have declined seeing him, but informed him that he may send his wishes by a messenger. If they are such as I can comply with I will do so. If not, I will send them to you for your consideration. There is much to be gained by delaying with him. They are now killing Indians that belong to the Hostler band.

On the 8th I had a talk with the Indian Charley Hostler. He started for Klamath to get his friends to fight Jim. I am expecting his return momentarily. Yesterday his brother was killed. If they have the courage to fight Jim, it will be a Godsend for both parties to get killed. I feel inclined to give them full liberty to fight as long as they do not interfere with the whites. Jim has about thirty-two bucks here, and claims to have fifty more out, composed of Redwood, South Fork, and Trinity Indians. The thirty-two that he has here are all young, springhtly bucks; many have served an apprenticeship with the whites; speak good English, well armed, and are excellent shots. With the small available force that we have at this post it will be a difficulty matter to capture those Indians, and it is utterly impossible to protect the settlers' property but by threats of the utter extermination of all the Indians in the valley. I think a treaty with the Indians could be made on easy terms that would secure a certain peace in this district, if I had the power to do so, and pardon all that have been engaged in past offenses. I forward this to you in absnece of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple, who is now in San Francisco, or on his way between that place and Fort Humboldt.

Very respectfully, yours,

WM. S. R. TAYLOR,

Major First Battalion Moutaineers, California Volunteers, Commanding Fort Gaston.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 10, 1863.

His Excellency J. W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City:

SIR: After the four companies of cavalry already called for from Nevada Territory shall have been filled and mustered into service, I will accept two more companies of cavalry, to be organized in the same way.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

