HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 15, 1863.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: I am instructed to inform you, in replly to your letter of the 7th instant, that the troops called for (one regiment of infantry) for Nevada Territory will be raised and organized by the Governor of that Territory, the officers of the Federal Government having nothing to do in the matter until the Governor reports the companies ready for muster. The staff departments at these headquarters will be instructed to see that the necessary supplies are thrown forward to Fort Churchill. As the companies are mustered in they will be cheaply hutted at that post. In addition to this the quartermaster's department will send you a supply of tents for a regiment of infantry and two squadrons of cavalry. Lumber will also be supplied for flooring the tents and making the men as comforable as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., December 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have received from the Headquarters of the Army a copy of the communication which you addressed to Major General H. W. halleck on the 10th ultimo in relation to wagon-road routes through the northwestern Territories; also a map of the western Territories, upon which are traced the several routes that have been examined by order of the War Department. If you can spare an officer of Engineers during the next summer I shall be happy to furnish the necessary troops for an exploration of the route east from Fort Boise, over the great ridge dividing the waters of the Columbia and Missouri.

With great respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, December 16, 1863.

Captain E. W. HILLYER,

Fourth Infantry, Los Angeles:

Federal troops cannot be used as a posse in enforcing State laws without directions from the general commanding.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 16, 1863.

Mr. A. J. KING,

Deputy Sheriff, Los Angeles, Los Angeles County, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to your telegram of this date stating that the jail of Los Angeles County is threatened by a mob and requesting the assistance of the U. S. troops in protecting it and enforcing the law, I am

