
instructed to say that application should be made to the Governor of this State to assist in executing the laws thereof, and not to the Federal authorities. It is only upon the requisition of the highest executive authority in the State that the general commanding can act.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT TEJON, CAL., December 16, 1863.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to state that according to your instructions I left this post about the 23rd day of November, 1863, and proceeded as far as Bishop Creek, Owen's River Valley, about fifty miles above Camp Independence. The valley is fast filling up with settelrs and miners, and no fear is entertained of Indians as far up as Bishop Creek, which is the highest settlement in the valley. There the people are very uneasy, and fear to travel to and from Aurora, from whence their supplies are obtained. I would therefore respectfully recommend that so soon as the grass is sufficiently good that a force be sent into the valley to be stationed between Bishop Creek and Aurora, where the greater portion of the indians supposed to be now in the valley are congregated. The weather in the valley is very cokd, and the trip was very severe, being obliged to sleep in the open air. The troops stationed on Kern River I ordered to Fort Tejon, where they arrived to-day, via Walker's Basin. Forage necessary for the horses belonging to both companies I do not believe can be obtained at this post.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort dalles, Oreg., December 16, 1863.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I wrote yesterday as regards the reported difficulties of the enrolling officer at Canyon City. After consideration of what Mr. Trowbridge, the enrolling officer, says, I do not think he persisted in the performance of his duties to that extent which would have compelled the disaffected to commit acts that could be legally called resisting the enrolling officer. The meeting was held and the committee appointed to wait upon him with a request that he resign, and not forward the names (200) already enrolled, threatening him with bloodshed and loss of business and property. Counter metings were held encouraging the continuance of the enrollment, but Mr. Trowbridge thought it best to discontinue for the present and did not return the names enrolled. He appears quite positive that difficulties will occur between the citizens if the enrollment is continued without the presence of troops. It is not impossible to send troops there now, yet the present storm, making it necessary to carry forage for the entire trip, renders it very difficult and expensive. If any action at present is considered necessary, I respectfully suggest that a prudent officer with merely a personal escort of a few men be sent out when the enrolling officer returns,

