HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 15, 1862.

Captain J. C. SCHMIDT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Camp Curtis:

CAPTAIN: A band of hostile Indians is reported at the head of the Big Lagoon on the coast trail, twleve miles above Trinidad. You will proceed without a moment's delay with twenty-five men of your command, and accompanies by Lieutenant Campbell, to Trinidad, where you will arrive to-night, or, if this should be impossible, as early as possible to-morrow. You will thence proceed with as little delay as practicable up the coast trail as far as the head of the Big Lagoon, leaving five men at Trinidad for the protection of that place, if you deem it advisable. About opposite the lower end of the Big Lagoon you will detach a part of your command by the trail to the right leading to Redwood Camp, from which point they will take the trail to the coast, coming out near the head of the Big Lagoon, and meeting the other detachment at that point. If five or six armed citizens can be found at Trinidad who will volunteer for the purpose, Lieutenant Campberll will take command of them and proceed with them immediately in a row-boat to Lower Gold Bluff, about five hours' sail above Trinidad. After being joined by the settlers there, Lieutenant Campbell will proceed down the coast trail to the head of the Big Lagoon, where he will rejoin the detachment of his company. The object of this movmenet is to kill or capture the band seen at the head of the Big Lagoon two days since. If in order to accomplish this object it should become necessary to vary from these instructions, the officers in command have authority to do so. You will take with you fifteen days' ratiosn for twenty-five men. Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster Swasey will furnish the necessary transportation and one or more suitable guides, if theys hould be necessary. The inclosed rough plan of the route will be explained to you by Rev. Mr. Leiby. *

By order of Colonel Lippitt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SWASEY,

1st Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster, 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Steilacoom, Wash. Ter., August 15, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to make the following report in regard to the recent disturbances at Port Townsend for the information of the brigadier-general commanding the Department of the Pacific: Mr. Victor Smith, collector of customs, arrived at Port Townsend in the early part of the month, in the U. S. revenue cutter Shubrick, for the purpose of taking possession of the custom-house at that port. Lieutenant Merryman, of the cutter Joe Lane, the acting collector during the recent absence of Mr. Smith at Washington, declined turning over the property, papers, &amp;c., unless Mr. Smith at Washington, declined turning over the property, papers, &c., unless Mr. Smith showed him his authority for so demanding, Lieutenant Merryman believing that Mr. Smith had not been qualified according, to law. Mr. Smith did not furnish his authority, and soon afterward, on returning to the Shubrick, an armed

---------------

*Plan not found.

---------------

