
most feasible line of communication across the continent, the only practicable Atlantic and Pacific railroad route, the most valuable agricultural and grazing lands, and the richest mineral region in the known world. In order to enable me to accomplish the foregoing objects and purposes, all that I require of the Government is a commission covering my acts in the premises, the funds necessary to defray my own expenses and to furnish the outfit and transportation of volunteers who are without means, with a guarantee that all money necessarily expended by volunteers in furnishing their own outfit and transportations will be refunded by the Government.

Trusting that the matter here presented will received the early attention and favorable consideration of Your Excellency, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

L. W. HASTINGS.

GENERAL ORDERS, FORT TEJON, CAL., Numbers 21. December 17, 1863.

On account of the temporary absence of the undersigned, the command of this post will devole on Captain James M. Ropes, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.

By order:

M. A. McLAUGHLIN,

Captain Second Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., December 17, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

Sir: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post late last evening from a tour of observation in the southern portion of this military district. At Camp Bragg I found everything in good order, the troops well instructed, and under good discipline. Camp Bragg is garrisoned by Company D, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Captain W. E. Hull commanding. As no force is required at Camp Bragg other than to protect the public property, captain Hull has been directed to take the field for a winter campaign against hostile Indians. The order to this effect, with letter of instructions, are herewith inclosed. Camp Grant (the location of which was given in letter to department headquarters October 9, 1863) is occupied by Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, Captain J. P. Simpson commanding. Comfortable quarters have been constructed, and his company is now ready for active operations, which will required constantly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., December 18, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. A. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Information from Fort Gaston induces me to proceed to that post at once. Present appearance indicate that Fort Gaston may be

