
the most convenient point for principal operations against hostile Indians, consequently I shall make that district headquarters for the present. Should Indian hostilities assume a magnitude in that vicinity, which, judging from reports, there is some cause to apprehend, I much desire to remain there until matters are quieted. With this view I respectfully ask for authority to postpone the general court-martial, should one be soon convened at Fort Humboldt, or that I be excused from serving thereon.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Whipple can go to any point where his services are deemed necessary.

G. WRIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., December 18, 1863.

Captain HULL,

Second Infantry California Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: Herewith find Special Orders, Numbers 118, which requires that you take the field in person with all the men of your command that can be spared from garrison duty. It is believed that you can detail for field service at least twenty-five effective men. The lieutenant-colonel commanding desires that you confine your operations against the Indians to the district along the coast bounded on the north by Bear River, in Humboldt County, on the east by the U. S. mail route between Cahto (long Valley), Mendocino County, and Hydesville, Humboldt County, and on the south by the Mendocino Indian Reservation. Relying upon your sagacity, prudence, and energy, the district commander believes that you will be able in the next three months to put and end to Indian hostilities in the scope of country above designated. Captain Simpson, Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, commanding Camp Grant, will be directed to co-operate with you, as also Second Lieutenant Frazier, commanding detachment at Mattole.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, commanding Humboldt Military District.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., December 18, 1863.

Lieutenant DELANY,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding Camp Gilmore:

SIR: It will be your duty after assuming command of Camp Gilmore to afford protection to the citizens in and about the town of Trinidad and the Gold Bluffs; also to furnish escorts for travelers and pack trains between those points. It is believed that the Indians inhabiting

