
the coast at and north of Trinidad are disposed to remain upon friendly terms with the whites. This disposition you will encourage. From the best information, it is probable there may be more or less communication by some few of the coast Indians with those openly hostile. You will be careful to observe if this be so. The quarters at camp Gilmore are probably ample for your command, though some slight additions may be necessary. These you will make, being as economical as possible. Lieutenant William H. Pratt, battalion quartermaster, will supply you with the requisite tools and material upon your requisition properly explained. Having confidence in your prudence and assiduity, the district commander feels assured that you will be able to preserve the peace in that portion of this military district assigned to you. You will be expected to report by mail each week to Captain Gibbs, commanding Camp Curtis, of the condition of your command, of the movements of Indians, &amp;c. You are cautioned against allowing any Indians of either sex about your camp, extent they come on business with yourself.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 19, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt from your office of a copy of a communication addressed to Major-General Halleck by Brigadier-General Totten, Chief of Engineers, under date of November 10, 1863, together with a map of a portion of the western Territories, with traces of wagon routes, which have been examined by order of the War Department; all forwarded to me on the 11th of November by indorsement of Assistant Adjutant-General Kelton. Inclosed herewith is a copy of a letter which I have addressed to Brigadier-General Totten. * I believe that the next season will afford a favorable opportunity for an examination of the unexplored portion of the route between the waters of the Columbia and Missouri Rivers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commadning.

RICHMOND, VA., December 18, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

SIR: Accompanying this we have the honor respectfully to inclose a memorial from Judge L. W. Hastings, of California (now in this city), embodying an outline of certain propositions for the recovery of Arizona and New Mexico. We agree entirely in the obvious necessity for such and enterprise and readily concur in the practicability of the plans by him submitted. Judge H[astings] has resided in California upward

---------------

* See 16th, p. 698.

---------------

