
The settlers have abandoned their farms and have conregated together for mutual protection, four families being at this post, occypuing officers' quarters. I shall as speedily as possible inform myself of the extent of the disaffection and do all in my power to prevent serious consequences.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, December 24, 1863.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California:

SIR: In obedience to your request I have the honor to inform you that the number of Sixth Infantry recruits at Benicia Barracks, on the 20th of this month, was 205. Colonel Black is now here, and any instructions you may give on the subject of consolidation will be promptly executed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, December 24, 1863.

Captain B. R. West,

Drum Barracks:

(Via Los Angeles, Cal.)

Notify all person on Catalina Island to leave the same before the 1st of February next.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 55. Mesilla, N. Mex., December 25, 1863.

I. The post of Fort West is hereby ordered to be abandoned, and the following disposition of troops will be made without delay:

II. Company F, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will take station at Camp Miembres. Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, will assume command of that post.

III. Company D, First Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed to Franklin, Tex., and formpart of the garrison at that post.

IV. Captain Chauncey R. Wellman, commanding Company E, First Cavalry California Volunteers, as soona she shall have been relieved from the comamdn of Camp Miembress, will proceed with his company to Franklin, Tex., and form part of the garrison of that post.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier General Joseph R. West:

JOSEPH F. BENNETT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

