
personal attention, or so instruct Major Taylor with reference to the matter as will prevent a recurrence of the troubles complained of.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MILLER, CAL., December 29, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, together with six privates of Companies A, B, and G, Second Infantry California Volunteers, comprising all of the enlisted men of the Second Infantry California Volunteers left at Benicia after the depatrure of Companies E and H for Humboldt. Company K left Benicia Barracks at 5 p. m. Saturday, December 19, and arrived at Fort Miller Saturday, December 26, at 3. 30 p. m. Pursuant to Dedpartment Special Orders, Numbers 277, Company B, Second Infantry California Volunteers, marched from this post Monday, December 28, at 8 a. m., for Fort Tejon, under command of Lieutenant T. C. Winchill, of Company K, Second Infantry California Volunteers, no officer of Company B being on duty at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED MORTON,

Captain Company K, Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding Post.

RICHMOND, VA., December 29, 1863.

Mr. PRESIDENT:

SIR: As a war measure there is another matter of great importance which I had intended to make the subject of a distinct proposition after the disposal of what I have already presented to Your Excellency, but its immediate connection therewith seems to required that the two propositions be jointly considered, as the one is in a measure dependent upon the other. I allude to the granting of letters of marque and reprisal, which I desire to obtain for three distinct associations to be used as an auxiliary movement, but no to be put into active operation until the other matter alluded to shall have been fully consumated, as a prior movement in that direction would inevitably arouse the suspicious and awaken the vigilance of the enemy to such an extent as to greatly hinder and retard the measure which I have already proposed. Most sincerely trusting that the matters by me presented will receive the early and favorable consideration with the final action of Your Excellency thereon,

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. W. HASTINGS.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 29, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

This refers to a matter heretofore submitted for your advice. Please return this when you send back the other papers from the same source.

J. D.

