
DRUM BARRACKS, CAL., January 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Company C (West's), Fourth California Infantry, proceeded from this post to-day to take military possession of Santa Catalina Island. Thirty days' subsistence for the command was transferred to the acting commissary of subsistence from Wilmington Depot. Inclosed herewith is copy of letter of instructions to Captain West. Assistant Surgeon Kunkler, First California Cavalry, accompanied the movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Drum Barracks, Cal., December 31, 1863.

Captain B. R. WEST,

Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding at Santa Catalina Island, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the lieutenant-colonel commanding to say that in compliance with orders from the departmental commander you will at once take military pssession of the Island Santa Catalina and permit no new settlers to land upon it. Those now there have been warned to leave by the 1st of February next. Your action toward any that may remain after that date will be regulated by future instructions. You will inform delay as to the most practicable mode of supplying your garrison with fresh water and report to these headquarters. Copies of your tri-monthly post returns and your requisitions for needful supplies will be transmitted to these headquarters until otherwise directed. Fresh beef may be obtained by purchase on the island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FORRY,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 1, 1974.

ALLEN FRANCIS,

U. S. Consul, Victoria, Vancouver Island:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the reception of three letters fromyou (latest, the 24th ultimo) down to the 24th ultimo. I am pleased to hear such encouraging representations from you, and am also pleased to hear of yourceaseless vigilance, which should never be relaxed. Please see Mr. Higgins, editor of the Victoria Chronicle, and if you can get the original card signed by John T. Jeffreys in February last, and published in the Chronicle, please do so, and send it to E. W. McGraw, esq., U. S. district attorney, Portland, Oreg. The original manuscript signed by him in his own handwriting is desirable. It is wanted as testimony against him. He has, I learn, had the audicity to come to this country. Any assistance you can render in the way of testimony is very desirable. Can you name any persons coming hither, or who

