
have come hither, who can say that he avowed that card or any other participation int he criminal schemes against our commerce? If so, please inform Mr. McGraw. will Mr. Higgins consent to come to Portland to testify in the case? I shall be gratified at any assistance you can give Mr. McGraw in this matter. Iam sure it will subserve the public interest.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe., N. Mex. Ter., January 3, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By a letter received from General Wright, commanding Department of the Pacific, I learn that the remaining companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers will be sent into this department, commencing with one which was to leave San Pedro, Cal., on the 1st ultimo to accompany and escort Mr. Duffield, marshal of Arizona, thence to Tucson. Orders should be given that the companies which are to come through do so during the cold weather.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 28, 1864.

General Wright's attention should be called to the importance of sending forward these troops before the hot weather begins.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington City, D. C., January 4, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

SIR: Permit me to call your attention, and through you the attention of the honorable Secretary of War, to the fact that Camp Douglas, in Utah Territory, is located within the corporate limits of Great Salt Lake City, much to the inconvenience of the people. The California volunteers, commanded by General P. Edward Connor, were stationed in Utah, as understood, for the purpose of protecting emigration, the overland mail, and telegraoph from Indian depredations. Without pausing to inquire why General Connor should have located his camp within the limits of a peaceful and loyal city rather than in the Indian country or aklong the road requiring protection, or, if he desired to establish his headquarters near the settlements, why he did not occupy Camp Crittenden or some place outside the limits of the capital city - I repeat, without inquiry or comment concerning the wisdom of the location to facilitate the object of the expedition, the necessity for the troops in Utah does not now exist. We are informed by the message of the Governor delivered to the Utah Legislature, now in session, that peace with the Indians prevails. Gentleman now in this just in from Salt

