
Lake corroborate this statement and affirm that travel through Utah and to and from the mines is perfectly safe. This being the case, I cannot but believe that the object of the exedition has been fully accomplished, and as the Delegate from UtahI hope I may be excused for respectfully suggesting that the removal of the command under General Connor would very much accomodate the people I have the honor to represent. While there the command has been and will probably continue to be supplies from the products of the soil. The crop last year, in consequence of a general scarcity of water, was very short, and serious fears are now entertained that the wheat crop of last season will scarcely be sufficient to supply the wants of the people until the next harvest. Camp Douglas is located upon the east branch of the city, about three miles from main street and near the occupied portion of the east part of the city. The inhabitants of the city are entirely dependent for water upon the streams which flow from the mountain east and northeast of the city, and a large number of families are supplied exclusively from the small stream which flows through Camp Douglas. This stream by passing through Camp Douglas and its large corrals becomes very filthy and unfit folr the domestic use of the families below. Again, a large number of the citizens depend upon range for their stock on the branch contiguous to and where Camp Douglas is located. You will learn by the inclosed order of General Connor that this tock, which has heretofore grazed upon this branch undisturbed, is now to suffer the penalound on its accustomed pasture grounds. This is also a great hardship to a people who have at the risk of their lives settled a great interior desert and who by their enterprise and industry have located and built up a flourishing colony midway the oceans, indispensable to the Government in its interoceanic communications, and greatly to the comfort and convenience of the emigrants and miners in devolving the mineral wealth of the Pacific Slope. General Connor frequently, in conversation with me last summer, expressed an anxious desire to be transferred with his brave officers and men to the Potomac, where they could participate in the great struggle to maintain the authority of the Government in its well-directed efforts to suddue this wicked rebellion.

I am confident no greater favor could be conferred upon the gallant general than by permitting him to take part in thw active scenes of war. As the late chief justice of Utah, having been honored with the office under three successive administrations (my duties only terminating last August), having held many courts in Utah, and familiar with the sentiments of the people for nine years, I consider it my duty to our department to say that I know that the people of Utah are loyal to the Constitution and Government of ythe United States. As chief justice I have administered the new oath to the members of the Government, and none have ever hesitated to take it, and although jurors are not included within the law, yet it was my custom to qualify them by this oath, and not in a single instance did a juror ever decline to be qualified by it. The direct tax was at once assumed by the Legislature, and memorials have been passed full of noble sentiments of patriotism. I am aware that converse opinions impugning the loyalty of the people have been freely expressed and circulated, but such opinions are inly entertained by corrupt, weak, or mistaken, or ignorant minds.

In conclusion, treaties having been formed with the Indians, peace with them and the emigrants restored, transit and travel now entirely safe and secure, the people loyal, may I not, as the representative of

