
upon you are authorized to interefer to the extent requested by the supervisor, but not otherwise. This assistance you are desired to render promptly without reference of the matter to these headquarters Mr. Melendy, the supervisor or agent, will be instructed to act in all matetrs as directed above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TRHE PACIFIC, Numbers 3. San Francisco, Cal., January 6, 1864.

7. Companies D, E, and I, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will, as soon as transportation for the movement can be furnished, proceed to take post as follows: Companies D and E at Camp Union, Sacramenton, and I at Benicia Barracks.

8. Captain James Gorman's company, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on the next trip of the Senator to Drum Barracks.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., January 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES F. CURTIS,

Fourth Infty. Cal. Vols., Commanding Dist. of Southern California:

SIR: Inclosed you will received an order from Mr. Charles E. Huse, of Santa Barbara, to his wife, directing a certain building owned by him to be turned over for the use of the use of the troops sent to that place. The general directs that the officer in command will see that no damage is done to the building. Persons having stock on santa Catalina Island, or owing mines which had been regularly incorporated at the time the island was occupied by U. S. troops, will be permitted to remain thereon and work their mines until the geberal receives further instructions from Washington. Applicants to remain on the island must exhibit the articles of incorporation, duly authenticated according to law, or permission fromthis office to remain and work their mines until the time specified above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 7, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In connection with the proposed occupation of the island of Catalina, as reported to you in my communicaton of the 21st ultimo, I have now to report that I have placed a company of the Fourth Infantry California Volunteers on the island, taking military possession of the whole of it. From a special report which I have just received from the officer commanding on the island I am well satisfied that it is better adapted for an Indian reservation than I at first supposed. It appears that we found on the island some 80 to 100 people, some few of them

