
served the writ on Lieutenant Wilson, its commander, who peremptorily refused to obey the warrant, neither would he allow him to go below (in the ward room) to see Mr. Smith, who, it was well understood, was there, as was also the U. S. consul for Victoria, Mr. Francis. The marshal was then directed by the commissioner to board the Shubrick once more and remain there unless forcibly ejected.

For this purpose he again left Port Townsend in one of the boats belonging to the revenue cutter Joe Lane, which lay at anchor in the harbor, but soon returned, reporting the impracticability of carrying his intention into operation, as the wheels of the Shubrcik were kept in constant motion, thereby preventing the boat from going alongside. Soon afterward the Shubrick steamed down the sound for Victoria, and two days later, early in the morning, returned to the harbor of Port Townsend, taking in tow the cutter Joe Lane, which was left at Chrburg, the new port of entry. After accomplishing this mission the Shubrick left immediately, with the collector, Mr. Smith, on board, it is said, for San Francisco, thus leaving the sound at present without naval potection, the Joe Lane having, on the rturn of the collector from Washington, been put out of commission, all of her officers, with the exception of Lieutenant Selden, placed on leave, and all or most of her crew discharged. Little more can be added in the matter of narration, except that Governor Pickering returned to Port Townsend on Thursday evening, the 14th instant, and, on l earning that the Shubrick had left the sound, retraced his way with his party toward Olympia on the Steamer Eliza Anderson, in which boat I accompanied His Excellency as far as Steilacoom. During the absence of the Shubrick the Eliza Anderson has authority to carry the mails on the sound. It would be proper to remark, that during the time of the attempted arrest of Mr. Smith and Lieutenant Wilson the number of individuals gathered on the wharf at Port Townsend whan would be expected on the arrival of a U. S. mail steamer at a small and quiet town. No demonstration whatever was made by the people. Indeed, of the group gathered on the pier there were but few individuals cognizant of the matter of the attempted arrest, and they scrupulously avoided comunicating the information to others whom it did not concern. It is to be regretted that the gentlemen against whom the warrant was directed did not suffer themselves to acquiesce in a temporary arrest, both for their own sakes and on account of the feeling subsequently produced by the belief that the parties implicated had placed themselves in a attitude defiant to the officers intrusted with the execution of the laws. Had the accused party come on shore with the U. S. marshal, it was a sufficient ground of belief that no indignity would have been offered to them, if for no other reason, the knowledge of the presence and character (undoubted) possessed by the gentlemen on board the Shubrick, of the several U. S. officers who at the time were at the port, among whom were the commissioner, Mr. Mcgill, late Acting Governor of the Territory; Major Patten, U. S. Army, commanding Fort Steilacoom; Captain Chaddock and Lieutenant Whit, late of the revenue cutter Joe Lane, and also Lieutenant Selden, of the Joe Lane, which was anchored at the time a short distance from the wharft. This is to be still more regretted as the parties implicated are now considered as fugitives from justice, and it is to be apprehended, should they return in the Shubrick, that an attempt will be made to arrest them by an armed posse, for which purpose it is broadly intimated that a requisition will be made on the officer commanding at Fort Steilacoom for troops to enforce (if compelled so to do)

