
Mexico or by the combined forces the prisoners will be disposed of as before, a garrison established at or near Tucson, and the wheels of the new government out into motion. Leaving a sufficient force at the new garrison for the protection of that portion of the Territory, I will then, with the remaining forces, move eastward to the Mesilla Valley, where I will also establish a garrison at or near the town of Mesilla for the protection of that portion of the Territory, put the new government into operations, and then with a sufficient force again move eastward and reduce Forts Fillmore and Bliss, capture the troops and Government property connected therewith, dispose of the prisoners as before, and then return to the new garrison near Mesilla, where I will establish the headquarters of the army, and report to the Secretary of War the result of the expedition. By the aid of favorable circumstances and accumulating forces from the adjacent States and Territories, I hope to be able soon after accomplishing the foregoing purposes to dispose of New Mexico in a similar manner.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., January 12, 1864.

Captain B. R. West,

Fourth California Infantry, Commanding Santa Catalina Insland:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor, in reply to your letter of the 11th instant, by direction of the district commander, to inform you that no more trees are to be cut down; no new settlement can be made on the island, and that no order forbids tools and materials from being landed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. FORRY,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Fourth California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern District of California.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., January 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the arrival at Fort Humboldt, Cal., of Company A, First Battalion Native California Cavalry, Captain J. R. Pico commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: In letter to department headquarters of date December 23 I had the honor to represent very briefly the condition of Indian affairs in this vicinity as they appeared upon my arrival. Since that

