HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. E. DE. RUSSY,

Of Engineers, in charge of Fortifications on the Pacific Coast, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to inclose to you a letter to the Chief of Ordnance. I hope it may receive your favorable indorsement, and will request you to send it through General Totten, Chief of Engineers, so as to obtain also his favorable co-operation. The necessity of having the iron for the platforms sent also was brought to my attention by Captain G. H. Elliot, of engineers. If you think a larger number of guns should be sent, I hope you will so indorse it. I have mentioned the number which Captain Elliot thought necessary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENK. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 12, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I write this to recommend that fifty guns of heavy caliber, say 200-pounder Parrotts, be sent hither to be placed on deposit at Vancouver Arsenal, to be ready to be used in the defense of this river in case of foreign war. All the necessary implements, carriages, and a good supply of ammunition should accompany them. I will also urgently request that there should be sent at the same time the iron requisite to make platforms for the same. The arsenal should have the necessary drawings, so that the wood-work of the paltforms could also be made and stored here ready to be put up. Captain G. H. Elliot, of Engineers, says that he exhausted the market for the iron needed to make the platforms for the temporary fortifications he is now erecting at the mouth of the Columbia. The iron required is understood to be 6 inches by 1/2 inch; some of the size of 5 inches by 1 inch for use about the pintle is also needed. there are several points on this river below here where in case of the breaking out of war efficient batteries for its defense could be readily and promptly erected by the troops if we had the guns and platforms here. It takes six months for a vessel to reach this river around Cape Horn; therefore do not suppose that this precaution is unnecessary. We must provide in advance for the wants of this region, as after a declaration of war there would be long and cruel delays. Please note that the ordnance herein requested is in addition to that promised in General Ripley's letter of 22nd of December, 1862, referred to in my letter of the 8th ultimo. I inclose this to Lieutenant Colonel R. E. De Russy, in charge of the fortifications on the Pacific Coast. I hope to get his favorable indorsement and that of General Totten and the Engineer Department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

