HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., January 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: The exigencies of the service will no doubt require a much larger force at this post at certain times than at others, consequently it will be impossible that estimates can be made with any degree of accuracy. This post, as well as all the other posts and camps in the military district, except Camp Wright, Fort Bragg, and Camp Lincoln, must necessarily be supplied via Fort Humboldt. I therefore respectfully suggest that the public service will be subserved by having all quartermaster's and commissary stores for the district, with exceptions as above, sent to Fort Humboldt upon the requisitions of the battalion quartermaster. By this course there may always be a sufficient supply at a convenient point to be forwarded at any time when needed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, Calfornia Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Battalion of Mountaineers, Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 18th ultimo, reporting the establisment of district headquarters temporarily at Fort Gaston, the general commanding instruct me to say that he authorizes your going to such points in the District of Humboldt as you may deem proper and necessary for the public service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT TEJON, CAL., January 15, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that with my command, consisting of Companies B and G, Second Infantry California Volunteers, I left camp, near Visalia, on Friday, January, to 10 a. m. After marching miles I made camp Numbers 1, on Outside Creek, at 1 o'clock. Saturday, January 9, I left camp at 7. 20 a. m. After fording Tule River, where I arrived at 2. 30 p. m., I made Camp Numbers 2, having marched twenty-four miles. Sunday, the 10th, I left camp at 7. 15 a. m. After fording White River I made Camp Numbers 3 at p. m., having marched twenty-two miles. Monday, 11th, I left camp at 7. 03 a. m., and arrived in Camp Numbers 4, near Poso Creek, at 4. 30 p. m. ; distance marched, twenty-eight miles. Tuesday, the 12th, I left camp at 7 a. m., and arrived in Camp Numbers 5 at 5 p. m., having marched twenty-eight miles, and having crossed Kern and two sloughs. Wednesday,

