
the 13th, I left camp at 6. 40 a. m., and arrived in Camp Numbers 6 at 5. 10 p. m. ; distance, twenty-six miles. This day we marched through a desert, finding the first watering place only one mile from camp, but on day, the 14th, I left camp at 8. 30 and arrived at Fort Tejon at 10 a. m., having marched six miles, where I assumed command of the post to-day, the 15th of January.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

ORDERS, FORT TEJON, CAL., Numbers 1. January 15, 1864.

The undersigned hereby assumed at this post.

JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Santa Catalina Island, Cal., January 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Fourth California Infantry,

Commanding Souther Dist. of Cal., Drum Barracks, Cal.:

SIR: In obedience to orders I have directed the removal of the corrals and buildings on the isthmus. The owners have removed some and will the balance as soon as they pssibly can. The corrals we have used to store forage in and stable the mules, and find them very convenient for such purposes, if you would be pleased to let them remain. But the fence extending down to Catalina Harbor is in the way and will be removed in a day or two; in fact I have had it taken down where it was in the way. Mr. Howland came to see me to know whether I would allow him to build it up on the hill-side for the purpose of keeping his sheep separated from others. I told him I could not unless by your orders. The fence where he proposes building would not be in the way in the least, besides, would keep sheep out of the camp and out of the way.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. WEST,

Captain, Fourth California Infantry, Commanding Post.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 18, 1864.

(Received 3. 15 a. m. 19th.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

When you receive my letter of 21st of December I shall be glad to know the views of the Department by telegraph.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

