
the requirements of the law. I earnestly request that you will call the prompt attention of the general commanding the Department of the Pacific to this subject, as the matter has assumed a character so serious as to threaten the peace and quietude of all the inhabitants of Puget Sound, and of some of them perahps even to affect their allegiance to the United States Government.

Respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

G. W. PATTEN,

Major Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding.

P. S. -This report will not leave Fort Steilacoom until Tuesday, the 19th, as no mail will leave for Olympia until that day.

G. W. P.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 31. Hart's Mills, Tex., August 17, 1862.

I. Captain Edward B. Willis, with Company A, First Infantry California Volunteers, with 100 rounds of ammunition per man and thirty days' rations of subsistence, together with twenty-five beeves on the hoof, to be furnished by the agent of Mr. Joseph R. Beard, beef contractor for the Column from California, will proceed without delay to Hart's Mills, in Texas, and there take post until further orders.

II. Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, will see that this company is provided with the necessary transportation.

By comman dof Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, Ariz. Ter., August 17, 1862.

Lieutenant B. C. CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Column from California, Mesilla, Ariz. Ter.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, concerning the state of affairs at this post, that nothing of importance has transpired since my dispatch of the 9th instant. Indians have been nowhere visible, and parties which I have sent out in all directions have failed to find any recent signs of their being in the neighborhood. Still, I do not think we are on that account less liable to an attack, and my vigilance is as active as it has ever been. On Thursday, the 14th instant, I completed the defensive works about my camp. They are four in number, and may be described as follows: Alcatraz (I give the names applied to them by the men who built them, and to whom, as they worked well and faithfully, I allowed that privilege) is on the left flank of the camp, 150 feet in length, and commands every point within musket-rnage, in the canon toward the road and camping ground of trains. Fort Point, on a lsihgt elevation, covers the rear of the camp and the wagon road up the hill. It is ninety-five feet in length. Bule Battery overlooks the country and the approaches to t he hill on the southeast, or right flank, of the camp. It is ninety-seven feet long, and effectually covers and protects the cattle corral and picket rope of the cavalry detachment. Spring Garden (guarding) overlooks the spring and commands the ravine in which it is situated and every point within musket-range around the spring. This wall is seventy feet long. The total length

