HEADQUARTERS,Santa Catalina Island, Cal., January 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Fourth California Infantry, Commanding Dist. of Souther Cal., Drum Barracks, Cal.:

SIR: In obedience to instructions from headquarters District of Southern California, dated December 31, 1863, I have the honor to report that the supply of water for this post at present is obtained from Cherry Valley, brought in barrels by boat. In addition, to provide against accidents, I am having a road cut to Mr. Ditzel's well, and as soon as completed will have water therefrom; besides we can make use of the well near camp for washing and culinary purposes, but I ought to have a patent block and two four-gallon buckets. I purpose sinking a well nearer the beach, where I think it will not be as deep, and if we strike water the three places will supply the command until a better supply can be had from the spring on the mountain, said to be high enough to be brought in pipes to the isthmus. Before making a full report on supplying the post permanently with water, I will have the distance run out and survey the distance personally as near as I can. I have had Messrs. McDonald and Harris go over the route. They report about two inches of water at the spring. If correct in their judgment, one inch certainly can be got there through an iron pipe, the distance said to be about seven miles and a half. Captain Gregory, also, who knows the island well, is of the opinion it can be done in from six to eight miles. The cost I cannot estimate, because I do not know the price per foot of the kind of pipe suitable, which is wrought-iron gas pipe one inch in diameter. As soon as I ascertain the distance I will report more fully.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. WEST,

Captain, Fourth California Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 19, 1864.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.

SIR: It is apprehended by the assistant provost-marshal of Nevada Territory that disturbances may arise during the approaching election in that Territory. The department commander therefore desires you to confer with Captain Van Bokkelen on this subject, and if with the means at his disposal the peace and quiet of that Territory cannot be preserved, you will use such Federal force as may be available for that purpose. During the day of election you will report by telegraph the condition of affairs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 20, 1864.

Major ANDREW W. BOWMAN,

Ninth Infantry, Commanding Presidio of San Francisco:

SIR: The department commander desires you to prepare Company D, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, to embark on the stamer leaving this

