
place for Portland, Oreg., on the 27th instant. The company will take post at Fort Vancouver. The deputy quartermaster-general at these headquarters, or one of his assistants, will inform you as to transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERSHUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., January 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: On the 19th instant information was brought to me that a band of Trinity Indians were then on the south fork of Salmon River, Klamath County, about forty-five miles from this post, committing depredations. This information was very indefinite, but to the effect that the Indians had killed two men and robbed a store. I at once dispatched a commissioned officer and twenty men to ascertain the truth of the report, and take such measures as circumstances should render advisable; also another detachment of thirty men under a commissioned officer to intercept the Indians on their return to the Trinity, in case the rumor should prove to be well founded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

SAN FRANCISCO, January 22, 1864.

Colonel WHIPPLE,

Fort Gaston:

(Via Wearville, Cal.)

Gp to Wearville and give your personal attention to Indian difficulties on Salmon River. Bring the Indians under subjection, punishing the offenders. Use company at Fort Jones.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., January 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quartermaster-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: The department commander directs that a schooner of suitable size will be purchased and send to Catalina Island for the use and supply of the troops stationed thereon. The general desires you to have the U. S. schooner Jesup overhauled and properly fitted as an armed vessel. She will be supplied with a pivot gun with carriage, &amp;c., complete on application to Captain McAlister, Ordnance Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

