
SAN FRANCISCO, January 23, 1864.

OFFICER COMMANDING FORT JONES:

(Via Yreka, cal.)

Move your company to Trinity Center and be prepared to operate against Indians on receipt of arms. The latter will meet you at that point.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., January 23, 1864.

Lieutenant EDWARD HALE,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Fort Gaston:

SIR: Herewith you receive Post Orders, Numbers 18, which directs you to proceed to-morrow, the 24th instant, with one sergeant and twelve privates of Company B, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and twenty days' rations, to Orleans Bar. Your first duty will be to guard the town of Orleans Bar and vicinity from attack by hostile Indians, and it is expected that you will use extraordinary vigilance. It is not expected that with your small command you will scout in the mountains, consequently you men will be sufficient to keep a strict watch and guard against attack. The lieutenant-colonel commanding directs that you do all in your power to induce the Indians in that section to keep the peace with the whites. You will ascertain as much as possible, by observation and by conversation with reliable citizens, the disposition of the Indians, and the danger there may be of their joining the hostile Indians now out. The information obtained, the indications of friendly or unfriendly feelings of the Indians, and other matters of interest to the district commander, you will report at every opportunity.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 25, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Allow me to ask for another officer of your department of this coast. At present I have but one, Captain McAllisted. He is able, efficient, and active, but as commander of the arsenal at Benicia he is necessarily compelled to remain there all the time. I have a widely extended department, embracing the whole country west of the Rocky Mountains, with ordnance and ordnance stores at every point, and in order to be assured that this property is duly preserved and taken care of, it is of the greatest importance that frequent inspections should be made by an officer of ordnance. I shall be glad to have a subaltern sent out, if you can spare one.

With great respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

