HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 26, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: With the exception of occassional Indian difficulties, I have nothing special to report within the limits of my department. The District of Humboldt is still the theater in which predatory bands of Indians commit their depredations. Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple, of the Mointaineer Battalion, is in command of that district, embracing the northwestern portion of California. He has, besides his own battalion raised in the district, six companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers, and one company of native California cavalry. He is doing all that is possible to kill or capture those Indians and restore peace to the country. He encounters inumerbale difficulties. It is impossible to strike a decisive blow. The Indians prowl about in small parties, and make sudden raids through the sparse settlements, and being well acquainted with the mountain trails, make theitr escape. The troops have been active and bold, and whenever an opotunity as offered have done themselves credit, and with the additional force I have given to Colonel Whipple I am in hopes of restoring peace througout the district in a few months. But to maintain it those Indians must be removed out of that country. The Indian reservation system, so near their old homes, has proved a failure.

Very respectfully, your obedient serant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Tejon, Cal., January 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal. ;

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following reports: On my assuming command of this post I found 380 Indians located about 300 yards below this fort, as follows: 120 bucks, 170 squaws, and 90 children almost in a state of starvation; as they are under no one's charge, and no one to care for them, they must lookout for themselves. They are the remnant of nearly 1,100 Indians that were brought in from Owen's River by the Second Cavalry California Volunteers and placed on Tejon Reservation on the charge of the Indian supeintendent, but afterward moved from the reservation to this place by order of headquarters Department of the Pacific, which order I cannot find at this post. Upon inquiry of the Indians through the interpreter, Jose Chico, I find that they all wish to be sent to the Tule River farm to enable them to raise something for their sustenance, as they are unable to do it here. I would also state that a deputation from Tejon Reservation was here to-day to see me and ask my leave to go to Tule River farm, which I told tem I could not grant. I then asked them why they wished to go to Tule River farm. They told me that heretofore they always put in have put in nothing, for the reason that the agent, Mr. Godey, the agent, tells me that his animals are so poor that they hardly can stand alone, and that for this last two months he has been out of all kins of supplies either for Indians or his animals; that he has notified Mr. Wentworth, superintendent, of the fact, but has received neither

