
reply nor supplies. I therefore most respectfully suggest to the department that all these Indians, 200 of the old Tejon and 380 of the Owen's River, located near this fort, in all 580, be sent to Tule River farm, as there are already 160 acres in wheat, 40 acres in barley, and 200 acres to be placted in corn, potatoes, &amp;c. With all these things planted and a supply of beef-cattle, supplied by the Indian Department, these Indians will be perfectly happy and satisfied. My other reason for making this suggestion is this: The Government pays rent for both of these reservations, and on each has employed an Indian agent and employ, and by putting the Indians all on one reservcation it will save the Government the rent of one reservation and the salary of one agent and employ. But should the general commanding department deemit necessary to keep these Owen's River Indians here in the vicinity of the fort, I would most respectfully ask for orders to furnish them with some kind of rations for their sustenance, and that Jose Chico, interpreter, so favorably mentioned in Captain M. A. McLaughlin's report of May 26, 1863, be retained in Government employ as interpreter, at the rate of $50 per month in legal tender.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The department commander has directed (in orders) Company D, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, to proceed to and take post at Fort Vancouver. As all the companies of the Ninth Infantry are small, it is probable the general will send another company of the same egiment. The object of the general in sending regural companies to your district is to enable you to man the batteries being constructed at the mouth of Columbia River. Captain Jordan's company (A), Ninth Infantry, will be sent to occupy the batteries as soon after they are completed as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, January 27, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In connection with the occupationof Catalina Island, as reported in my communications of 21st of December and 7th instant, I have the honor to transmit herewith a special report made to my headquarters on the 12th instant by Lieutenant Colonel James F. Curtis, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Southern California. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 244.

---------------

