HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., January 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following representation to the department commander: The following mill in this valley is the most valuable property in this vicinity, and at the present time is early filled with grain and flour. Some years ago the owner had a stockade built around it, so that a few men could defend it from attack. A few weeks since several of the settlers of the valley went there to live, being notified by the hostile Indians, as the citizens themselves say, that it would not be safe to remain longer in their own houses. Previous to this, however, numbers of the hostile Indians would occassionally visit some of the houses of the citizens and take and hold possession a few hours or longer, but leave again without doing serious damage or offering to injure the white men. I use the words white men instead of white occupants, from the fact that at houses where this has occurred the mistresses have been natives of this valley. The white men at the mill numbered some fifteen or twenty, and they could easily defend themill and have no intercourse whatever with the hostile Indians. In one instance, however, but a few days ago, a party from Big Jim's band visited the mill, and by some means obtained an entrance. The Indians were all armed, but offered no violence; were very free in their communications of what they had done in the way of depredating on the whites and of their intentions in the future in the same line. Frequent reports were also brought me that flour was sold to quasi friendly Indians and conveyed to those at war with us. The hostile Indians had also said at different times that it was their intention to have possession of the mill at the right time, and burn it when no longer useful to them. Under this state of affairs I concluded it best to take possession of the mill and have the supply of flour to the enemy cut off. I communicated my intentions to one of the two owners of the mis approval. On yesterday I stationed Lieutenant Middleton with detachment of eighteen menat the mill, with instructions to hold it, and allow no flour to be disposed of without permission from these headquarters. The sale of flour to Indians or to those likely to let them have it has also been stopped at other places in the valley. One great difficulty in delaing with the holstile Indians, as indeed with all, has arisen from white men who have forme disreputable associations with the Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 5. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., January 27, 1864.

I. Captain Frederick Mears, Ninth Infantry, being promoted to the rank of captain per letter of the Secretary of War, dated the 28th of November, 1863, will assume command of the post of Fort Vancouver, agreeably to the provisions of the 98th Article of War.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

