
Volunteers, with one non-commissioned officer and twelve privates was dispatched to Orleans Bar to guard that town from Indian attack. This force is deemed sufficient for the present immediate safety of that place, thought it would be entirely inadequate in case of difficulty with the Klamath Indians. If practicable there should be one full company on the Klamath River, one on the South Fork of Salmon River, and one on the Trinity near Big Flat. This latter could best be supplied via Red Bluffs and Wearville. This would afford protection to points most exposed to attack, while all of them are comparatively convenient to active field operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

SAN FRANCISCO, January 29, 1864.

Colonel WHIPPLE,

Weaverville:

On your arrival give Lieutenant Randall such orders as you may deem necessary for quielling Indian disturbances.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 22. San Francisco, Cal., January 30, 1864.

The services of Bvt. Major George P. Andrews, captain, Third U. S. Artillery, being no longer required in this city, he will rejoin his company at Camp Reynolds on the 1st proximo.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,

Fort Guston, Cal., January 30, 1864.

Lieutenant THOMAS MIDDLETON,

Commanding Detachment, Newkirk's Mill:

LIEUTENANT: You will please have Charley Hostler and another Indian come to my quarters just after dark this evening. Should Charley not be at home send two Indians from is ranch suitable for scouts. Also, you will take one or more friendly Indians from Charley Hostler's party and scout on your side of the river for Indians. While absent on a scout you will have the men left at your camp remain within the stockade at the mill. If this is strictly observed, five or six men will be sufficient to protect the mill, with the assistance of the citizens there. A scouting party from this post will scout from and above Kidd's to-night and for a day or two. I desire that the Indians reach here without being seen, and that everything be managed secretly. Please send answer by the messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

47 R R - VOL L, PT II

