
Infantry (regulars) from the Presidio to Fort Vancouver, with a view of having troops at Vancover ready to man the batteries now being erected at the mouth of the Columbia River by the Engineer Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 2, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Twodispatches of January 28 received. I have already sent four companies of First Cavalry to Southern california, en route to Tuscon. I have three more companies of same regiment not yet mounted. Will be sent as soon as possible.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 25. San Francisco, Cal., February 3, 1864.

1. As soon as transportation can be procured for the movement the three companies of cavalry at Drum Barracks will take up the line of march for Rucson, under the command of Major James Gorman, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, February 3, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington City, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 28th of January. I have already sent your companies of the First Cavalry California Volunteers to Southern California; one of them has probably reached Tucson by this time, escorting the marshal of Arizona and the superintendent of Indian affairs. The other companies will move in the same direction as soon as transportation is prepared. The three remaining companies, two at Camp Union and one at Benicia Barracks, have not yet been mounted. They are undergoing a through course of instruction on foot. In December Colonel Babbitt, chief quartermaster in this department, received a dispatch from the Quartermaster-General instructing him not to pay for any more horses until further orders. I accordingly suspended the purchase, presuming that we should have to wait for an appropriation by Congress before recommencing. I have now ordered Colonel Babbitt to purchase a sufficient number of horses to mount the three companies, and as soon as this is accomplished they will be sent to San Pedro by water. In the meantime the three companies now at San Pedro will move at an early day for Tucson via Fort Yuma, under command of Colonel O. M. Brown, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

I have ordered that all the transportation used by the companies be sent back from Tucson to Fort Yuma to meet the remaining companies

