
of wall around the post is 412 feet, the height 4 to 4 1/2 feet, and thickness from 2 1/2 to 3 feet at bottom, tapering to 18 inches to 2 feet at top, and built of stones weighing from 25 to 500 pounds. The works are not of any regular form, my only ojbect being to build defenses which could be speedily completed, and at the same time possess the requisites of sheltering their defenders, commanding every approach to the hill, and protecting each other by flank fires along their faces. I now consider the camp pretty safe from any attack of Indians, unless they should come in overwhelming force and desperately storm the hill. This, however, is contrary to their usual mode of warfare, and I think we can hold them at long range. This feeling of safety, however, does not prevent proper precaution and vigilance from being exercised. In addition to t he wall defenses I have also built the walls of a guard-house on one end of the front wall, and will have it roofed in a few days. It is fourteen feet square, and loop-holed on two sides. The axpress from Tucson arrived at 11 p. m. yesterday, and will resume the route at 1 o'clock this afternoon. They brought with them three mules which had strayed from here on the 9th back to the crossing of the San Pedro. I respectfully request that the commanding general will give such orders at Tucson as will insure the filling of any requisition which I may make for stationery, clothing, and other indispensables, some of which I mentioned in my dispatch of the 9th instant. The men are rapidly getting ragged again, and, as the nights are pretty sharp here sometimes, they need good clothing. I make this reuqest, thinking that a requisition from me might interfere with orders already issued.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Major Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Fort Bowie.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., August 17, 1862.

Lieutenant C. P. NICHOLS,

First Cavalry California Volunteers, Present:

SIR: You will proceed with your detachment to-morrow morning with the train that leaves for Fort Yuma. It is reported that Apache Indians drove the expressman back last week from Oneida Station to Blue Water. Investigate this matter, and also in the truth of the report that they killed two Pima horses between those two stations. You will, if you encounter any of these savages, chastise them if possible, following them, if necessary, so far as you can. Ascertain on the way whether the contractors are laying in hay and mesquite beans between here and the Pima Villages, and report the quantities. Captain Davis, acting assistant quartermaster, will give you a memorandum of what ought to be supplied of these articles by the end of this month. Ascertain also if there are any Mexicans or others trading with Indians, either Pimas or Maricopas, and especially if any person has introduced, sold, or given liquor or wine to the Indians. Any one so offending arrest and bring here. No one, except the Government and mr. White and partner, are allowed to trade with the Pimas and Maricopas on any pretense. Ascertain if any person has made a settlement or is residing among siad Indians; if so, order them away, and if they refuse arrest them. Report whether Sergeant Hutchinson is able to obtain any more wheat from Indians; whether Mr. White or partner, Mr. Lennan, are grinding flour for the Government; and allow Sergeant Hutchinson and Private Logan to come back with you, provided Mr. White has returned and receipted

