
as they arrived at that station. I have purchased a very large number of wagons and mules within the last two years. For General Carleton's expedition I had to buy 200 wagons and more than 1,200 mules, and a very large number of wagons and mules for General Connor's expedition to Salt Lake and the re-enforcements since sent to the same place. Thus it will be seen that the heavy expenditures for the means of transportation in this department have been rendered necessary in preparing commands for the Department of New Mexico and other remote districts. I have also to acknowledge the receipt of a telegram from Major Williams, assistant adjutant-genera, dated January 28, inviting my attention to the expediency of granting furloughs to soldiers of the Regular Army who may re-enlist before the 1st of March. The necessary instructions have been given.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., February 4, 1864.

Captain J. F. BENNETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Mesilla, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of Company G, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Captain S. A. Gorham, on the 17th ultimo. Captain Gorhma escorted Colonel Charles D. Poston, Indian agent; Honorable J. Ross Browne, special agent for Department of Interior; Major M. B. Duffield, U. S. marshal, and Mr. Robert F. Greely, deputy marshal for the Territory of Arizona. On the 19th Ultimo I detailed Lieutenant Arnold and thirty men of Company G, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to proceed with Colonel Poston and Mr. Browne in the discharge of their duties on a visit through the southern portion of the Territory. This morning I received a special messenger from Honorable R. C. McComrick, Secretary of the Territory of Arizona, informing me of the arrival at Fort Whipple of the Governor and other officials of the Territory, under date of 28th ultimo.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

CAMP Numbers 7.

Mendocino County, cal., February 4, 1864.

Captain SIMPSON,

Commanding Co. E, California Mountaineers, Camp Grant, Cal.:

SIR: In accordance with district orders directing me to take the field and capture or kill all Indians found between the northern boundary of the Mendocino Reservation and Bear River, in Humboldt County, I have forwarded by escort under charge of Corpl. samuel P. Wheeler, Company D, Second California Volunteers Infantry, this day twelve Indians, which you will, agreeably to the above orders, take over and have them safely escorted to Fort Humboldt. You will direct the detachment of my company to return without delay. It is rationed to the 15th instant inclusive.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. HULL,

Captain, Second California Volunteer Infantry.

