HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 6, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Benicia Barracks:

SIR: The general commanding the department has this day direct in orders that you, with the headquarters and three companies of your regiment, will proceed to the District of Humboldt, the command of which you are to assume on arrival. The Indian distrurbances in that district have assumed such a degree of magnitude as to make it necessary that a campaign characterized by decisive measures should be made. The general hopes that the force placed at your disposal will enable you to push the war to a close. The quartermaster's and subsistence departments have been directed to forward to Fortr Humboldt ample supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Battalion of Mountaineers, Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR: The department commander, having determined to establish a companyu of troops at the forks of Salmon River, desires you to make the needful preparations for that purpose. You will send to the point designated the most available company in your district. The company being organized at Fort Jones, on the receipt of arms and clothing, will proceed to the Salmon River, where it is understood supplies are abundant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Gaston, Cal., February 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that Captain Ousley, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, commanding Company A, has been ordered to Redwood Creek and to establish a camp upon the old site of Fort Anderson.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.

Honorable S. P. WRIGHT,

State Senate, Sacramento:

SIR: In view of the threatening aspect of our Indian affairs in the northwestern counties of this State, I have ordered Colonel Black, Sixth

