HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., February 8, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I am sending the seven companies of the First Cavalry to your department as fast as possible. Fourth of the companies have already gone to Southern California, and one of them has probably reached Tucson by this time. Colonel Brown goes down to San Pedro by the next steamer, and will move at once with three companies via Yuma to Tucson. The thtree other companies are not yet mounted, but we are now purchasing the horses, and I hope to get them off by the end of this month. I hope you will send the company of the Second Cavalry now with you back to this department as soon as possible. I am much in want of cavalry. Will you be good enough to order the wagons and other means of transportation used by the companies to be sent back at once to Fort Yuma from Tucson tomeet the remaining companies as they arrive. I have only ordered these companies as far as Tucson, there to receive your orders. You will find the companies well mounted, very good men, and well officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 9, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers:

SIR: The general commanding desires you, as soon after your arrival at Fort Humboldt as possible, to communicate your arrival to Colonel Whipple, the present commander. The general directs that all Indians captured will be sent to Fort Humboldt, where they will be held as prisoners of war. You are authorized to subsist them from the supplies on hand. The issues, however, are restricted to the bread and meat portion of the army ration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, wash. Ter., February 10, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: A letter from a recruiting officer in Oregon to Colonel R. F. Maury, of the First Oregon Cavalry, says that the idea prevails that there is "no necessity for more troops; indeed, that to keep troops in this district is a useless expense," &amp;c. Every person acquainted with the wants of the frontier understands how idle such remarks are. But I desire to say distinctly that mroe troops are necessary, and that we ave next spring and summer important work for the Oregon cavalry to perform. I shall recommend to the general commanding the department that troops be sent to traverse thoroughly the whole region between Auburn and Canyon City and the California line. I hope to put

