
in reference to the defence of that frontier. In February, 1863, it was arranged with Captain Crawford when he started for Washington City that Colonel Maury with his command should meet him at the crossing of Snake River, above Fort Hall, between the 15th and 20th of August. All the arrangements were made accordingly and they met at the ferry on the 17th of Auguts last, at the same moment of time. Colonel Maury returned on the south side of Skane River, sent expeditions up the Bruneau and Malheur and reached Fort Walla Walla on the 26th of October.

I am happy to say that thus the most efficient protection has been given to the in coming emigrations of 1862 and 1863. The gallant spirits of the First Oregon Cavalry, who have borne like good soldiers the hardships of the campsigns, are entitled to my thanks for the efficient and cheerful manner in which they have discharged the duty, although they had not the good fortune to meet an enemy. Well do I know that the ardent desire of many of them would be to join in the war in the East, where it would rejoice them to battle in the glorious cause of unity, freedom, and nationality for which the armies of the Republic are now contending.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 32. San Francisco, Cal., February 11, 1864.

1. Major Thomas F. Wright, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will accompany the movement directed in paragraph 2, of Special Orders, Numbers 27, current series.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, February 11, 1864.

Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Los Angeles:

No change will be made in instructions until further orders from Washington.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 11, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Benicia Barracks:

SIR: On your arrival in the District of Hunboldt, or as soon after as possible, the general commanding desires you to give particular attention to the condition of the Mountaineer Battalion. It has been represented that these troops are under the impression that their services cannot be required in any other portion of this department except the

