
District of Humboldt. Of this their minds should be disabused at once. The force alluded to lacks that discipline even expected in volunteer troops; and while the general has no doubt but that its commander has done all in his power to correct the many abuses and the looseness which is prevalent, no change for the better has taken place. It appears from private representations that an opposition has sprung up against the authotiry of Colonel Whipple, the leader of which is said to be the major of the battalion (Taylor). The general desires you to make officers and enlisted men understand that cliques desires you to make officers and enlisted men understand that cliques or factions tending to the destruction of discipline will not be telerated. All officers of that battalion whom you may report as aiding and abetting such a course, or who do not come up to a proper military standard and discharge their duties cheerfully and well, will at once be dismissed the service without trial. You will find at the headquarters of the district a letter to Colonel Whipple from this office, calling his attention to the establishment of a company (or more if you deem it necessary) at the forks of the salmon River. The position is an important one for controlling the Trinity River Indians and such others as may go to that region to hunt and fish, and protecting the whites.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 34. San Francisco, Cal., February 13, 1864.

* * * * *

2. Paragraph 2, of Special Orders, Numbers 23, is hereby revoked.

3. Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to and assume command of Camp Union.

* * * * *

5. Major AndrewW. Bowman, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, is assigned to duty as acting inspector-general on the department staff. The major will report at these headquarters at the earliest day practicable.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT POINT, CAL., February 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department of the Pacific:

SIR: In view of the possibility of hostile vessels making a demonstration on this coast, I beg leave to offer the following suggestions to the commanding general: The character of every vessel entering the harbor should be ascertained before such vessels shall have passed this fort. Fort this purpse the Shubrick should be anchored outside the Golden Gate, but within the Heads. I believe the anchorage named is good, and the Shubrick could lie there as well as at her present anchorage. Should unusually heavy weather render it advisable she could anchor near the wharf. Should the officers of the Shubrick become satisfied that a vessel should be stopped it could be done with the guns of this fort, and this would enable the batteries on Alcatraz to be manned in time to render effective service if necessary.

