
Situated as the Shubrick is now it is impossible for the character of a vessel to be known until beyond the effective range of the guns of this work; and in the case of a steamer, or even of a sailing vessel with the prevailing westerly winds, the guns on Alcatraz could not be brought to bear upon such a vessel disregarding the Shubrick as promptly as should be the case.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. STEWART.

Captain, Third Artillery, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., February 15, 1864.

General HENRY W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a certified copy of a communication addressed, through the General-in-Chief, to the honorable Secretary of War by Honorable J. F. Kinney,* Delegate from the Territory of Utah, transmitted to me for report, and to submit the following as my views on the several subjects contained in the communicaiton referred to: In regard to the first point made by Mr. Kinney, relating to the location of Camp Douglas, I am not apprised whether the camp is within the limits of Great Salt Lake City, as the authorities may have chosen to prescribe in a charter or describe in an ordinance. For aught I know to the contrary, the Territorial or city authorities may have extended their city jurisdiction on paper over the whole tract of country from the mountains to the Jordan. It was and is a question which has occasioned me neither to make careful authority of the United States as existing here, however little it may be respected by the leaders or masses of the people, and established my camp on what is unquestionably publis domain, never reduced to adverse possession by cities, towns, or private persons, so far as I am aware. I did not recognize the right now claimed by the Legislature or city to embrace a vast region of country for city or any other purposes antagonistic to the interests of the Government wen that Government desired or required any part of such domain. Mr. Kinney is at a loss to understand why General Connor should locate his camp within the limits of a peaceful and loyal city, and why he did not occupy Camp Crittenden. In reply I have to say that Camp Douglas is on the public domain at least two miles distant from the nearest house in the city. It was selected on account of its salubrious and convenient site and abundance of water. The alleged annoyance to the citisens from the fact that one of the several streams running through or near the city is rendered filthy by the presence of the troops is greatly exaggerated, and is in my opinion an excuse for rather than a well-founded cause of complaint. My reasons for locating the camo were at the time of location, and are still, regardedas good and sufficient. First. It was and is desirable that the camp should be at some central point in the district, where supplies of forage could be most advantageously procured and whence roads diverge in all directions - north, south, east, and west. These advantages could best be secured at its present location. Second. I deemed it not only prudent but absolutely necessary to the

---------------

* See Kinney to Halleck, January 4, p. 715.

---------------

