
respect due to and the dignity of the Government that the camp should be located and maintained in the immediate vicinity of the headquarters of Brigham Young and his attendant nest of traitors. Previous to my arrival I was not only informed, but it was bruited about in every direction among the people, that the forces under my command, soldiers marching to the relief and for the protection of the Territory, would not be permitted to cross the Jordan on the west. This threat, publicy given out, I subsequently found to have been intended as an intimidation, with a view to stopping the command at Fort Crittenden. How much the desire of speculators to sell to Government the buildings at the latter point at exorbitant rates had to do with the origin of the threat I deem it unnecessary here to argue. Mr. Kinney over-states the fact very considerably when he dwells on the loyalty and peacefulness of the people of Utah. They are bound down by a system of church tyranny more complete than that which held the bond-men of ancient Rome in early days or now enthralls Afric's sons on the cotton field of the South. The world has never seen a sustem of bondage, abject slavery, espionage, and constant, unremitting tyranny in the most trivial relations of life more galling than that which Brigham Young oppresses the people in the name of religion. His teachings and those of his elders all tend to impress disloyalty upon the minds of his subjects and antagonism toward the Government, in which he recognizes neither authority over him nor goodness in itself. Until my arrival and location in his immediate presence his pulpit harangues were but iterated and reiterated denunciations of the Union and outbursts of bold-faced treason. Even now he and his chosen apostles, the minions of himself and the teachers of the people, can hardly conceal their inborn treason or repress the traitorous words which fill their hearts and break upon the ear in ill-concealed sneers and covert insinuations against the Government which fosters and protects them in their inquities. As a specimen of the loaylaty and peacefulness of the man from whom this people receive their ideas, as well of religion as of morality and the Government of the United States, I quote a brief paragraph from one of the so-called sermons of Brigham Young, delivered in presence of the assembled multitude on the 6th of October, 1863, at the Bowery, in Salt Lake City, to the semi-annual conference then in session, viz:

As for those who Abraham Lincoln has sent here, if they meddle with our domestic affairs I will send them to hell across lots, and as for those apostates running around here, they will probably fall down and thei bowels will gush out, or they will bleed somewhere else.

A sermon as remarkable for its innate treason, villainous hatred of the Government, and extreme vulgarity as it is for its grammatical construction. Were it not that these words as used by the chief priest of the church are susceptible of the most complete and overwhelming proof, it would pass credence that they were ever used by any man, however debased, in any pulpit in the land. Taught, led, governed, tyrannized over by such men, by means of the most perfect system extending throughout the whole people and down into the deepest recesses of everyday private and domestic life, covered by the thin gauze of a superstition called religion, unparalleled in the history of the world and a disgrace at once to the civilization of the nineteenth century and the free institutions of the land, it is not to be wondered at that the people, ignorant and deluded, should have attained a state of feeling nor merely inimical to the Government, but bordering on treason, only suppressed for the time by the presence of the troops

