
to the sergeant for the wheat in his possession. Ascertain the quantity of wheat as nearly as you can that can be pruchased from Pima and Maricopa Indians, and whether any goods are at Pima belonging to Government for bartering with Indians for grain. You will return as soon as you have performed the above service, say in eight or nine days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. FERGUSOON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

CAMP INDEPENDENCE, OWEN'S RIVER EXPEDITION,

August 18, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in accordance with instructions from headquarters Department of the Pacific, bearing date July 19, I have (after being fully satisfied that the Indians in this valley desire to live in peace with the whites) succeeded in foring a treaty of peace, subject to the approval of the general commanding said department. Original please find inclosed. I would also state, in connection therewith, the chiefs have so far complied with the provisions of said treaty that they have brought into camp two rifles (one claimed by an Indian, said to have been givent o him in recompense by a white man for having shown said man the situation of a mine), two double-barreled shotguns, one Sharps rifle (supposed to be the one taken from the solider who was killed in the fight that took place in April last), and one Colt revolver (large size). They also placed under my charge as hostages, subject to the terms of said treaty, five Indians considered important personages, among whom are two of their great chiefs, to wit, Captain George and Te-ni-ma-ha. Captain George and two of his lieutenants have their families with them. Te-ni-ma-ha and his lieutenant expect their families to join them this evening or to-morrow. In conclusion, I would most respectfully state all is peaceable in this valley and the troops are enjoying most excellent health.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. O'NEILL,

Major, 2nd Cav. California Vols., Commanding Owen's River Expedition.

P. S. -Since writing the above the two families have arrived, which makes the number of hostages complete.

J. M. O.

[Indorsement.]

Treaty approved and returned. Original to be returned to this office.

REDWOOD CAMP, August 18, 1862.

Captain W. W. STUART,

Second Infantry California Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: You will post without delay a detachment of your company of fifteen men at this place and another detachment of fifteen men at Trinidad. The detachments will remain at these points till further orders. If you have not as many as thirty men in this neighborhood you will immediately order down from Camp Lincoln men enough to make the number. On the arrival of the detachments at these two points they will each furnish an escort of five men, when required, to

