
or the personal fears of the wily, traitorous, and treacherous leaders. When, therefore, Mr. Delegate Kinney affects patriotism himself, and with persecuted air and earnest professions characterizes the people of Utah as either loyal or peaceful, he but excites a smile upon the lips of even the casual passer-through of this land of polygamy, treason, and kindred crimes. I beg to assure the Department that the presence of the troops both in the Territory and on the present Government reservation at Camp Douglas has done much to present treasonable outbursts and conflict with this peculiar people and is doing much in a quiet way to lead the community back to allegiance and proper respect and regard for the Government. Brigham Young has impiously sworn and prophesied that the troops should either be destroyed or removed from Camp Douglas; and should the department intervene to remove the troops, not only would it not commend the Government to the mass of the people, but it would serve to strengthen his power and fulfill his prophecies. Not only would such a course be injurious to the Government itself, but the transfer of the troops would be regarded by thousands of the citizens, suffering under a worse than Egyptian bondage, as the withdrawal of the last ray of hope and an abandonment of them to their hard fate. That their condition has been much ameliorated since the arrival of the troops I have the strongest and best reasons for believing, and many look forward eagerly and hopefully to the time when the power of the Government shall be felt or the incoming of a new population may relieve them from a galling despotism and restore them to their long-lost rights as American citizens. I have had recent evidence of the boasted loyalty of these people in the return of an expedition sent to the south for the protection of miners. The officers in charge, Lieutenant John Quinn, Second California Volunteers Cavalry, in his official report states that inmany places not only could he not obtain forage for his animals at any price, the people asseverating that they would not sell a grain to Unlce Sam's minions, but he was absolutely prohibited from entering their farm-houses or seeking shelter from the winter credible witnesses that in cases, not few or exceptional, Gentile merchants and traders visiting the southern settlements to purchase flour and grain are invariably asked it they are bying for the troops, with the declaration of the farmers that if so grain and flour would not be sold at any price. The mere suspicion of being an agent of the Government in search of supplies is sufficient to violate any contract previously made and debar the purchaser from obtaining a bushel of wheat or a sack of flour or other produce. I inclose for the information of the Department a certified copy of a communication just received by me from miners, citizens of the United States, wintering in the neighboring town of Franklin, near the northern border of the Territory. I need hardly say that the utmost protection will be afforded them should it be required, but it is surely an anomalous position of affairs that citizens of the United States, peacefully seeking the settlement of a Territory of their common country, and that Territory professing through its Delegate loyalty and peacefulness, merely asking the hospitality accorded to humanity, should be compelled to look for protection from the armed troops of the Union. The hypocrisy of claiming either loyalty or peacefulness for such a people is too palpable to require further comment.

In reference to the special order directing stray cattle found on the reserve to be shot, which is complained of by Mr. Kinney as emanating from me, the Department is respectfully informed that the same was

