
issued by Colonel Pollock, commanding Camp Douglas, and immediately on coming to my knowledge it was revoked by me and has not in asginle instance been exectuted. The Department is informed that Mr. Kinney is mistaken in the assertion that this command is subsisted to any considerable extent from the "products of the soil of the Territory. " Our subsistence supplies are entirely drawn from the East, except only flour, beef, and vegetables, for which articles we are now paying exorbitant rates, induced and purposely made so by the edict of Brigham Young to his people not to sell to the troops. In this manner have the contractors (Gentiles) been broken up and forced out of the field of supplying, and Brigham himself, or his chosen bishops, derive the profits from the enormous and unreasonable prices demanded and necessarily paid. For the same reasons the wood and hay contractors have been unable to fulfill their contracts, and the troops were compelled to go into the mountains twenty miles distant in the dead of winter to cut and transport timber for fuel, while the animals, from sheer necessity, had all been turned out to exist upon the light herbage to be found upon snow-clad hills and wintry plains. In consequence of this, not only have the troops at times suffered for want of fuel, but the cavalry has necessarily been dismounted, and many of our animals have perished for lack of food, when it is a conceded and well-known fact that there is an abudnance of forage in the Territory, for which the contractors have in vain offered the most exorbitant rates. After ths statement of facts bearing on the subject I deem it my duty to the Government and the country to add that I would regard it as extremely injudicious and impolitic in every sense for the Department to comply with the request of Mr. Delegate Kinney, and it would only do so under the most decided and earnest, yet respectful, protest on my part. In conclusion I may be permitted to add that while an order transferring either myself or my command to the active scenes of the East would but be responsive to my own and the universal heartfelt desire of the troops under me, I must beg leave, respectfully, to suggest that neither they not I have constituted Mr. Kinney our spokesman, and with a proper appreciationof his unasked-for interposition to that end anda due respect for the position he holds, would prefer communicating our wishes on proper occasions through some other and, probably, more congenial channel.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.] FRANKLIN, UTAH, TER., February 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General CONNOR,

Commanding Camp Douglas.

DEAR SIR: In view of the following matters we have though it necessary to acquaint you with the actions of the citizens here. It is a constant stream of burlesque against the Government and you and your soldiers-such as "Thank God the buzzards are picking the bones of the U. S. Army," and that you and your army are "a set of vagabond hirelings," and that "the day was not far distant when you and your army would have to leave this country," and various other expressions of like import too numerous to mention. There is one other item we think necessary to mention. A few of the citiazens here have boasted that they took $16,000 worth of Government stock in

