
1857. There are men here who make that boast, and can be pointed out any day. They preach to their minute men to look well to their guns, and to lay in powder and keep their horses fat. They preach at Logan for the minute men thereto to be in readiness to be here in two hours. We have behaved ourselves as well as any set of men ever did, and still they make these threats and abuse us and our country every time they preach. Some of the boys expect to prospect west of Box Elder as soon as spring opens, and they (the Mormons) make their brags that we shan't prospect for gold in the country. We leave these lines to your kind consideration. They are written at the request of all the miners.

Nothing more at present, but remain your friends,

M. MONCHARD,

M. LEBEAU,

PETE LUFFING,

[AND 23 OTHERS.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 16, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Colonel Black, Smith Infantry California Volunteers, with the major of his regiment and three companies, numbering 250 rank and file, left Benicia Barracks yesterday for Fort Humboldt for the purpose of terminating the Indian war in that district, as reported to you in my letter of the 8th instant. Another company of the First Cavalry California Volunteers has marched from Drum Barracks, via Fort Yuma, to Tucson, Ariz. The two companies of the same regiment now at Camp Union, Sacramento, and the one at Benicia Barracks are now being mounted. One of these companies, with the colonel of the regiment, will leave for Drum Barracks on the 20th instant, and the remaining two companies will be prepared to move to the same point by the 1st proximo. Transportation has been prepared by the quartermaster's department at Drum Barracks, so that no delay will take place in the movement. I have advised Brigadier-General Carleton, commanding the Department of New Mexico, of the approach of these seven companies to Tucson, in order that he may give the necessary instructions as to their disposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 12. San Francisco, Cal., February 16, 1864.

The 22nd of February, 1864, the one hundred and thirty-second anniversary of the birthday of Geroge Washington, the patriot, soldier, and statesman, who carried us trimphantly through the Revolution which resulted in the establishment of this great Republic, will be appropriately observed by the troops in this department.

All fatigue duties shall cease for the day. At each military post a Federal salute will be fired at sunrise, and a National salute at meridian.

Let the welkin reverberate the roar of our artillery, and the ringing

