
STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, February 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General ALVORD, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have just received the inclosed letter from H. Jones, a reliable man, of Jones &amp; Edgar's express. Your letter to me, published in the Oregonian, has been read with much interest. It indicates that you will send and expedition in that direction as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

[Inclosure.] CANYON CITY, February 8, 1864.

Governor A. C. GIBBS:

DEAR SIR: Having a short acquaintance with, I take the liberty to state to you the condition of our country, showing the necessity of protection to the traveling public to and from Canyon City. About forty miles from this place, on what is know as Cottonwood Creek, on 6th instant, eight Indians were seen; one of the numbers shot ata white man. Pack trains are having their animals stolen daily, and people are in constant fear while traveling. The Indians number from fifteen to twenty. Is it not in your power to furnish us immediately with some protection? The roads are in splendid condition and the weather mild and pleasant. If you can and will assist, you will confer a great favor on many.

Yours,

H. JONES.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 16, 1864.

Captain W. H. JORDAN,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, Present:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs you to see Captain G. H. Elliot, of Engineers, in charge of the construction of the fortifications at the mouth of the Columbia, and with him visit the works at Cape Disappointment and also at Point Adams. You will procure all the information you can from him which will be useful to you in command of said fortifications. You will be careful to consult him as to the proper site at which quarters for the troops should be built at both fortifications. You will be prepared on your return to instruct your acting assistant quartermaster making estimates to be forwarded to Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Babbitt, deputy quartermaster-general, of the necessary funds to build temporary quarters for your company.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 16, 1864.

Captain G. H. ELLIOT,

Corps of Engieners, Astoria, Oreg.:

CAPTAIN: Captain W. H. Jordan, Ninth Infantry, is ordered to repair to the mouth of the Columbia to see you and procure all the information proper for him to know previous to the departure of his company

