
from this post. I wish him to see the works at Cape Disappointment and also at Point Adams. I have received your letter of the 13th instant. At which point do you recommend that Captain Jordan shall establish himself, Cape Disappointement or Point Adams? I especially desire you to point out to him the proper site upon which quarters for troops at either place should be erected.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 17, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Under the special authority of the War Department, dated July 9, 1863, in a dispatch from Major-General Halleck, I have since that time issued about 5,000 stand of small-arms to organized militia companies in this department. I have also issued a small amount of cavalry arms, and a few pieces of field artillery for the same purpose. In the organization of the militia companies of California the greatest care has been taken by the Government of the State that none but true and loyal men are enrolled either as officers or privates, and the most stringent regulations have been adopted for the care and security of these arms. Captain McAllister, of the Ordnance Department, commanding Benicia Arsenal, has by my direction forwarded a requisition for 10,000 rifles, 8,000 pistols, 40,000 rifled muskets, 9,000 sabers. In view of the present aspect of our affairs, I deem it important that the requisition should be filled at an early day. We know not at what moment we may be engaged in a foreign war, with our communication by water to New York cut off and forced to rely solely on the supplies already here. If I can have the arms called for in Captain McAllister's requisition, an army of 75,000 men can be fully equipped in this department in a very short time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., February 17, 1864.

(Received 12. 45 p. m. 18th.)

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President United States:

The Campbell patriots resolutions have without material change this day passed the Senate and Assembly.

F. F. LOW,

Governor of California.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 37. San Francisco, Cal., February 17, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Company F (Stombs), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to Drum Barracks on the next steamer leaving for Wilmington, Cal.

* * * * * *

