
days ago a party of citzens arrived in this valley from Klamath and Salmon Rivers to avenge the death of their heighbors, killed by Indians as reported to me on January 29. The party numbers some fifty white men and twenty Klamath Indians. I welcomed their arrival, and have endeavored to have their efforts put forth in the right direction. Upon first taking the field they were misinformed upon many points, and I was fearful they might do mischief by attacking friendlty Indians, but they seem reasonable and only desire to assist in bringing to justice the guilty. So far this party have paid their own expenses with the assistance of other citizens, but it is not probable that they will keep up the organization more than two or three weeks longer. Thirty or more of them, it has been intimated, would enter the service of the United States if they could do so for a term of six months. They could furnish their own arms, clothing, &amp;c. Their only object in entering the service would be to close the war, and as they are generally good marksmen and used to frontier life they could render good service. If this plan could be adopted I respectfully recommend that the services of men be accepted in the several counties of Del Norte, Klamath, Trinity, Humboldt, and Mendocino for six months. In many instances they would be useful as a guard to the settlements, leaving the organized troops more at liberty to deal with the Indians. Particularly in Humboldt, Klamath, and Trinity Counties do the people feel the necessity of the continued presence of our armed force, and they would beyond a doubt avail themselves of the privilege so far as possible of bearing arms for a short time, though they could not be induced to enlist for the period of three years.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT Cal., February 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,First Battalion Mountaineers, Cal. Vols., Fort Gaston, Cal.:

COLONEL: I arrived at this post yesterday p. m. with headquarters and three companies Sixth Infantry California Volunteers. I [will] send you an order assuming command of the district, which is forwarded by direction of the department commander, as soon as possible after my arrival. Is ahll be pleased to hear from you as soon as possible, and to be informed of the disposition of troops in the district, and what movements or expeditions are on foot. I propose to visit Fort Gaston as soon as circumstnaces will permit, but when that will be I cannot exactly say just now, inasmuch as "the Indians in quite a force (some says fifty) attacked Dyer's house, two miles from this, and it is now in flames. There is great exitement; send us some help. " This is dated Arcata, 1 o'clock, February 17, and signed W. C. Martin, Company D, First Battalion Mountainers. This note reached me at or ley's company (C), Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, with three days' rations in their haversacks, were on the march for the scene of trouble. Nothing heard from Major Wright's command to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

