
all Government trains, and so far as possible to all private trains, the Trinidad detachment furnishing ascorts from Trinidad to Redwood Camp and back. The Redwood Camp detachment from Redwood Camp to Elk Camp and back. Ten men will always be left at Rinidad unless some urgent necessity prevents, and the same number of Redwood Camp, for the protection of the posts. The detachment at Redwood Camp will trhow up a stoackade immediately on arriving. On your requisition rations for the supply of both these detachments will be sent to Trinidad by the acting commissary of subistence at Fort Humboldt. You will forward your requisition to him for 900 full rations as soon as possible. All expenses incurred for necessary transportation, ferriage, and guides will be paid by Regimental Quartermaster Swasey on your official certificate, agreeably to Army Regulations. As long as the two detachments consist of less than fifteen men each, a less number then ten, but never less than five men, may remain for the defense of the posts.

Very respectfully,

F. J. LIPPITT,

Colonel Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

HEACT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., August 19, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to call the attention of the commanding general to the important subject of transportation of military supplies for troops in this Territory. I have been conivnced that the route of transit by the way of the Colorado and Fort Yuma is a very expensive one, and I know that it is a tedious, dangerous, and disargreeable one. When I was in Sonora in June I made diligent inquiries in regard to the expediency of having supplies shipped from San Francisco to Guaymas to Tucson for 5 cents per pound. A copy of this report I inlcose herewith. It is marked A. I satisfied myself of the fact of the roads being good all the way, and that Navarro would be able to fulfill his offer at a good profit. The road hence to Santa Ana, about 150 miles toward Guaymas, is one of the best natural roads I ever saw, having abundance of wood, excellent grass, and water at convenient distances. From Santa Ana to Guaymas I am assured and believe the road is excellent, but grass and water are not so abundant. However, Mexican freighters haul 4,000-pound loads with eight-mule teams. Since that often was made by Navarro, Don Juan Ynigo proposed to me to carry frieght from Guaymas here for 4 cents per pound, the United States paying the import duties, which is only 1 per cent. on goods in transit. Ynigo is abundantly able to carry out his offer, I firmly believe. He came with a train of wagons from hermosillo to this place in nine days last month, and the distance from hermosillo to Guaymas does not exceed ninety-five miles, so that stores can be brought here from that port in good order in twelve days at 4 cents per pound. There are two other points, however, claiming attention, viz, Port Lobos and La Libertad, to the south of Lobos, on the Gulf of California. Both those places have their advocates, and much has been said for and against each. It is hard to get at the truth, for there

