
CAMP AT THE FORKS OF SALMON,

February 18, 1864.

Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Commanding Humboldt Military District:

SIR: I took the liberty of opening a letter directed to Captain Baird, he being absent at the time at Sacramento. On the 10th of February I received orders from General Wright, commander of this department, to move my men to this place and operate against hostile Indians. My company consists of sixty-three able men, in good health and spirits. After thee days'march we arrived safe at this place. We found considerable snow on the tops of the mountains, which delayed us from getting here sooner. Passed an Indian ranch on the 15th which was deserted by the males. Yesterday an Indian was shot, and by making strict inquiries I found that he was a bad Indian, who is accused of having killed and robbed at Trinity Center. An escort of your command arrived here yesterday. No further depredations have been committed at this place lately. I shall take all my men out as a scouting party into the mountains as soon as I have my cartridges and rations prepared.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. RANDALL,

First Lieutenant Company F, Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., February 19, 1864.

Captain B. R. WEST,

Fourth California Infantry, Commanding, Catalina Island:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the district commander to say that on the 10th instant the following dispatch wastransmitted from these headquarters to department headquarters, viz:

There are about forty miners on Catalina, not owners of incorporated mines, who apply for permission to remain. Can they be allowed to remain on the island a further time or must they leave forthwith?

To which answer was made by the wires that no change will be made in instructions till further orders from Washington. A second answer has been received this evening, as follows:

The persons mentioned in your dispatch can remain on the island until further orders, provided they are not engaged in any unlawful business.

There may be more or less than forty persons. The privilege granted refers to all that may be on the island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant, a

WM. FORRY,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Fourth Cal. Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, February 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

Interior Department has been requested to make Catalina an Indian reservation. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

