HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 20, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Govenor of California:

SIR: Several prominent citizens waited upon General Wright yeterday asking him to unite with you in a dispatch to the athorities at Washington, requesting the retention of the U. S. ship Narragansett on this coast. The general has learned that you are coming to the city to-night, and has therefore desired me to state that should you deem the matter of sufficient importance to send a telegram to that effect, you are hereby authorized to use his name. The commander of the Narragansett reports that to make a safe voyage "round the Horn" the vessel must be put in complete trin and repair. When this is done the necessity for taking her East no longer exists. He therefore desires that the repairs essential to make her a serviceable vessel be made on this coast, where her services can be made available until the arrival of other vesself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MOJAVE, N. MEX., February 20, 1864.

First Lieutenant W. FORRY,

Adjt. Fourth Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state that considerable has been said of depredations committed at Pi-Ute Creek, Rock Springs, and Marl Spring by Indians, being the last three campings on this end of the road leading from California to this post. Upon due inquiry I can find no cause to justify a report, but as the rumor has gigantic proportions, and will in all probability reach Drum Barracks and California, I hasten to write in order to meet ungbronded reports with a statement of facts. On the regurn of the express on the 30th of January I received a letter from the recorder of the Rock Spring district that depredations had been committed by Indians at Pi-Ute Creek by driving off catle and killing a horse owned by citizens. On the 31st of January I called in Sicahout and other chiefs of the Mojaves. They promised to seek out the Indians that had committed the dpredations. Sicahout sent his brother in search of Sparkamiah (Eagle Sky), a petty chief of the Pi-Utes, and Espaum, a chief of the Chimehuevas, to ask them to come to the fort. About the 3rd of February, one of the citizens stopping at Pi-Ute Creek informed me they had lost four head of cattle and a horse. They had either strayed or were driven off by Indians, and one of their horses had been killed near their camp. A part of the meat had been taken away, and a piece of an Indian arrow was found near the horse. He stated they had not seen any Indians, but their fresh tracks were found near the camp. On the 9th of February the brother of Sicahout returned without bringing any of the chirfs with him, stating that Sparkamiah's band had been stealing in the vicinity of El Dorado Canon, and feared they would be killed if they came to the fort (I have seen white men from El Dorado Canon; they don't confirm the report). On the return of the express, on the 16th instant, I received a letter from Derough, the recorder of the Rock Spring district, stating that four hours and a bullock had been killed and eaten by Indians at Marl Spring on the 10th instant, and twenty-four head of horses, owned by Mr. Moody, had been driven

