
off from Rock Spring, and their property and personal security were seriusly threatened. The expressman, William Furlong, confirmed the report contained in this letter. On this information I ordered Lieutenant Nason with a detachment of fifteen men to march to Rock sring. The detachment crossed the river on the 17th and marched to Pi-Ute Creek on the 18th. On the afternoon of the 18th Mr. Nichols, of Silver Hill, in the vicinity of Rock Spring, brought a third letter from Derough, the rocorder stating the cause of alarm he had given was removed; that the twenty-four head of hroses had been recovered, and animals owned by miners, all except one or two, had been found. I learnedk from Mr. Nichols, who has been stopping at Silver Hill during the winter, that no trouble has been had with the Indians and none is expected. At dusk on the 18th I sent an express to Lieutenant Nason for him to return with his deatcvhmanert to the garrison. He returned on the 19th. In my opinion all is quiet on the road, a sfar as Indians are concerned, and there as been no occasion requiring a report from me other than why I sent out the detachment. I hope this explanation will be satsifactory.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES ATCHISON,

Captain, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

FORT GASTON, CAL., February 20, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humobldt:

SIR: Dispatches announcing the arrival at Fort Humboldt of Colonel Balck with headquarters and three companies of the Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, also order that Colonel Black assumes command of the Humboldt Military District, were received about 12 o'clock last night, and the intelligence was most welcome. I have the honor to report the present disposition of troops in this district as follows, viz: Second Infantry California Volunteers-Company C, Captain O'Brien, Camp Lincoln; Company D, Captain Hull, Fort Bragg; Company E, Captain Gibbs, Camp Curtis; Company F, Captain Douglas, Camp Wright; Company H, Lieutenant Gonnisson, Fort Gaston; Company I, Captain Theller, Fort Humboldt; Captain Hull with detachment of twenty-four men in the field, between Fort Bragg and Eal River, since January 20, 1864. A detachment of Company E, Lieutenant Delany, Company I, second Infantry California Volunteers, commanding, is at Camp Gilmore, and two detachments of five men each at the two Gold Bluffs. First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers-Company A, Captain Long, Camp Iaqua; Company B, Captain Ousley, Camp Anderson; Company C, Captain Miller, Fort Gaston; Second Lieutenant Hale, of Company B, with thirteen enlisted men, at Orleans Bar; First Lieutenant Herrick, of Company D, with thirty-five enlisted men, at Fort Gaston; Second Lieutenant Frazier, of Company E, with twelve enlisted men, in the field near Mattole, Humoldt County. Scouting parties are out from time from nearly all the above posts and camps, and a few men are guarding important places in this vicinity. Company A, Battalion Native California Cavalry, Captain Pico, has its headquarters at Fort Gaston; detachments on escort service.

