HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 20, 1864.

Captain GEORGE B. CURREY,

First Oregon, Cavalry:

(Through Commanding Officer, Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.)

CAPTAIN: The general commanding has received your letter of the 15th instant, stating that you would with sixty men of the cavalry to the point on Sanke River above the Palouse Crossing for the protection of the miners from the Indians. He directs me to state that your prompt movement meets with his entire approbation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., February 29, 1864.

First Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Fror the information of the general I have the honor to report that additionaql rumors of depredations on the Canyon City road have been received. At Cherry Creek and Cottonwood, both tributaries of the South Fork of John Day's River, and distant from this about 150 or 160 miles, I am informed by Mr. Lockwood, who has just arrived, that animals have been stolen and the prisoners fired upon and driven back. The robbing of the house alluded to in a former communication took place at Bridge Creek, about 100 miles distant, and is reasonably supposed to have been done by Indians from the WarmSprings Reservation, but occurred by and on account, as Mr. Lockwood informs, of the sale of liquor to the Indians. After getting them drunk they became impudent, and he expelled them from his house, and then became alamred and deserted the premises, when the Indians destroyed a portion of the contents of his house. He is not entitled to sympathy or protection. It is, however, different in the present instance. It will undoubtedly be the policy of these Indians (the Snakes) to do all the stealing possible early in the season. This increase theirtence and escape when later in the season troops into their country which they not anticipate. For these reasons I would recommend that twenty-five or thirty men be sent as soon as they can be started to camp in that vicinity, with supplies sufficient to last them till they can join the main expedition at its depot, which I presume will be somewhere within fifty or sixty miles of their camp, if not in that immediate vicinity. The supplies for this detachment could be tkaen now to their camp in wagons. They should also have six or eight pack animals. When the main expedition moves, if it did not go by this camp, a few pack animals with additional supplies could be sent to them with such information as regards the movements of the main party as would enable them, if thought best to join it.

Captain Drake, Company D, will require for the summer about 8,000 rounds rifle ammunition (caliber . 54) and 6,000 pistol (caliber . 44). If the general thinks best to adopt my suggestions this should be forwarded immediately. I suggest that it be incoiced directly to Captain Drake, as in the absence of the cavalry the post will have no use for any portion of it. To go out and remain there on the South Fork a few days and

