
returns to this post before the movement for the summer would only aggravate the Indians, while it would have he horses of the party in bad condition for the summer. Of course the terms would return immediately. If this party be sent out to remain it would be well to sent up two good terms of mules, also some directions as regards beef for it. The season of the year is some objection, but the grass is now growing very fast, and I do not think it likely that we will have a long spell of bad weather in March, and the party going now will no doubt save a good deal of grumblingk and considerable property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST WASHINGTON TERRITORY INFANTRY,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., February 21, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 10, current series, from headquarters District of Oregon, I have this day assumed command of the First Regimentk of Washington Territory Infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. ENGLISH,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding

SAN FRANCISO, CAL., February 22, 1864.

(Received 1 a. m. 23d.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND:

Your telegram relating to Catalna received. *

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 22, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California, Sacramento City:

SIR: I have carefully persued the petition addressed to Your Excellency by the miners on Catalina Island. When I first ordered possession to be takenk of the island, all pesons on it I desired to remove at an early day. Subsequently, finding that it would seriously inconvencience a few people who had stock on the island and othes mining there, I modified my instructions so far as to permit them to remain until the decision of the Government could be received. This is the condition of affairs now. I am waiting the action of the War Department. When I ordered the commander of the Southern District of California to take possession of the island I was not aware that any mining companies had been duly incorporated, and I am informed that most of the companies have been incorporated since the 21st of December. I do not

---------------

*See p. 760.

---------------

