
agree with the petitioners as to the value of the island for the purpose of an Indian reservation. Inclosed herewith are compies of my letters to the Adjutant-General of the Army dated on the 21st of December and 7th and 27th of January; also a special report made to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, who made a personal examination of the island. * Your petitioners say that the island is devoid of vegetation; the report of Colonel Curts represents quite the contrary. A large numbers of sheep, horses, and cattle were found on the island, wild goats and other game in abundance, with plety of wood, and an inexhaustible supply of fish, and pure fresh water. I look upon it as a very desirable place for an Indian reservation.

With great respet, Your Excelency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT GASTONM, CAL., February 22, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Humboldt:

SIR: On yesterday information was received that Indians were encamped near Redwood Creek, some fifteen or twenty miles below Camp Anderson. Last night at 10 o'clock I dispatched Lieutenant Geer, Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and theirty enlisted men of same company of that vicinity, with instructions to capture or kill all Indians found. Lieutenant Geer went prepared to remain out ten days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Fort Gaston.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., February 22, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Mr Edgar, an expressman from Canyon City, informs me to-day that thirty anbimals, mostly mules, were stolen from the vicnity of Canyon City on the 16th instant, supposed to be by Indians. Parties had been formed to pursue. I think from former acquaintance with Mr. Edgar that the information is reliable. It shows if the theft has been committed by Indians that it is their intention to accumulate as much movable stock as possible early in the season. Many robberies are, however, committed by white men, yet the presence and operations of troops in the neighbrhood will repress or detect the operations of whites and Indians. From this matter the considerations of my letter of the 20th instant are increased in importance. I would detach from this post imediately a party for the vicinity of Canyon City, except for the distance and the consequent necessity for transportation and the employment of hands and considerations which must enter into the preparatiion for the expedition, which I am informed will constitute the summer's operations of the troops in the district. Being so con-

---------------

*See pp. 706, 718, 734, and Part I, p. 244, respectively.

---------------

