
venient to district headquarters and the expedition requiring so much expenditure, and the detachment being necessarily connected with the summer operations, I have thought it best to advise with the general. I have not seen Mr. Laouglin. If he has received your letter he has not considered the matter of sufficient importance to call. I have dropped him a letter, a copy of which is herewith forwarded. a

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., February 23, 1864,.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith I have the honor to transmit, for the information of the general commanding the department, a certified copy of a petition from the Honorable John F. Kinney, Delegate to Congress from Utah Territory, to the General-in-Chief, and through him to the honrable Secretary of War, urging the removal of myself and command from Camp Douglas, which petitioin was respectfully referred by the General-in-Chief to myslef for report. * I also inclose copy of such report,+ forwarded to the General-in-Chief, and a communicatinfromminers residing qat Franklin, Utah Ter., in relation to the disloyalty of the people in that place in vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter., February 23, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from headquarters District of Oregon I have this day assumed command of this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. ENGLISH,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding

SAN FRANCISCO, February 24, 1864.

Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Drum Barracks:

(Via Los Angeles, Cal.)

Catalina Island will be taken by the Government. No further improvements will be permitted. Time will be allowed to remove cattle.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

a Letter to Mr. Laoughlin no sent, as I had subsequently received the desired information.

---------------

*See January 4, p. 715.

---------------

+See February 15, p. 748.

