HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., February 24, 1864.

First. Lieutenant W. I. REED,

Regimental Quartermaster, Sixth Infty. California Vols., Camp near Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The headquarters of the District of Humboldt are hereby temporarily transferred for the present to the vicinity of Arcata. First Lieutenant William I. Reed, regimental quartermaster, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will furnish the necessary transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES ULIO,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 24, 1864.

Lieutenant J. A. WAYMIRE,

First Oregon Cavalry:

(Through commanding officer Fort Dalles, Oreg.)

SIR: The general commanding the district that you proceed with your command to the South Fork of John Day's River and encamp at some point nbest calcualted to enable you to protect the whites against the incursions of the Indians. You should take some tarpaulins with which to cover the provisions. The friendly Indians from the Warm Springs Reservation should be threated with kindness. If opportunity occur you may make an investigation as to the truth of the charge that they committed any of the depredations on the whites on the Canyon City road. You will report to this office your arrival, and from time to time anytyhing of importance which occurs. You will keep Captain Drake advised of any information concerning the routes of communication, &amp;c., which whould be useful to him. Any casualties in your detachment should be promptly reported to Captain Drake. You are directed by the general commanding to obey any instructions you may receive from Colonel Maury as to the objects of the expedition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 25, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the hono rto acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 28th ultimo, which says, speaking of the exploration proposed by General Totten from Lemhi (a Mormon settlement) to the Tree Forks of the Upper Missouri, "General Wright desires me to say that the exploration referred to should, if possible, be made during the comingk summer. You will, therefore, make the necessary arangements for carrying out the wishes of the Government as indicated in the lat paragraph of General Totten's letter. " As indicated my letter of the 20th

49 R R-VOL L, PT II

