
are so many conflicting interests at work to prevent either of these ports being brought into notice. It is adverse tot he interests of influential parties in Guaymas, and others, though few, are deeply interested, viz, the Colorado River advocates. Looking only to the public interest, however, there is no doubt in the world but what it would repay the Government to set the question at rest by making a reconnaissance of the road to Lobos and Libertad, and to investigate also the value of those places as harbors. To do this most thoroughly is a work of only three to four weeks, at most. A party can start from this point, taking a wagon to test the road and a skiff ready to be put together on arrival at the ports to take soundings. After having heard and read much in favor of and against Libertad and Lobos, I have been able by dint of many questions to make a schedule of distances from Tucson to Libertad. I am strongly inclined to believe the schedule comes very near the truth, but I had to do a good deal of sifting to emobyd what I am almost ready to accept as truth. I respectfully inclose the schedule, marked B. In connection with this subject I transmit also a report (makred C), made by Captain N. S. Davis, chief of trsansportation, by my direction (copy marked D), of the cost of transporting stores from Fort Yuma by Government teams to Tucson. It will be observed that Captain Davis reorts the cost at 10. 04 cents per pound. In my remarks on his report I have endeavored to prove that it is below the cost, and if the whole items of loss, damage, and wear and tear on this most execrable of roads were added 12 1/2 cents per pound. That was when the roads were but little traveled, when grain could be had here for one-third of what it now costs, when it cost little or nothing at the Pima Villages, and, last but not the least, when there was grazing for animals at almost every day's camping place, where now there is not a blade of grass. Take it for granted that it costs only 10 cents per pound for freight from Fort Yuma here, there is to be added the cost of transportation from San Francisco to Fort Yuma, viz, as I understand, $20 per ton, at least, to the mouth of the river by sail vessels, and $50 per ton by steam from the mouth of the river to a place on its bank near Fort Yuma, i. e., $70 per ton to be added, or 3 1/2 cents per pound, making the cost per pound for freight on all stores at the very least 13 1/2 cents per pound; but 15 cents will not cover it in reality. Considering, then, that enromous price, the slow, tedious, dangerous, round-about way they are brought, is it not worth while to seek for a more economical, more speedy, and a safer route? A glance at the map will show the unnecessary hundreds of miles that our stores are transported, even granting that Lobos and libertad are out of the question. By way of Guaymas we can have stores put here from San Francisco in twenty-two days, and that without the use of steam, for 6 cents per pound, including duties and all other expense at Guaymas, and use none of our teams; but I am almost persuaded that stores can be brought from San Francisco via Libertad for 2 cents per pound less, for there are responsible parties on the Altar River in Sonora ready to freight from Libertad for 3 cents per pound, and in course of time they will do it for less. I will here give the latitudes and longitudes of the four points in question, so that the directness of route of trnasit may appear apparent at a glance, to wit: Guaymas, in latitude 27 deg. 50' 30'' north (Cape Haro), longitude 110 deg. 51' 40'' west; Libertad, in latitude 29 deg. 53' 47. 48'' north, longitude 112 deg. 32' 45'' west; Port Lobos, in latitude north, longitude west, not known exactly, but it different very little

