
instant, I recommend that this matter be postoped to another season for the following reasons; I have just had a long interview with Judge Tufts, Speaker of the House of Representatives of Idaho Territory. He is from Virginia Virty, in what is called the Beaver He3ad country, about forty miles this side of the Tree Forks, and gives meinteresting statistics of the rapid settlement of that country. Within a year and a half a mining population of 12,000 souls has settled within district of 100 miles east and west by forty north and south. The chief towns are Virginia City, East Bannock, Nevada City, Bivan's Gulch, and Gallating, the latter at the Three Forks, the former higher up to the very headwaters of the Missouri, at the base of the Rocky Mountains on the eastern slope. Lemhi is just opposite East Bannock at the base of the Rocky Mountains, on their western slope. They cannot be more than seventy miles apart. I respectfully represent that the whites are so rapidly exploring that country that by waiting anothe ryear any exploration will be vastly expedited. I am sure there is no good pass in the Rocky Mountains between Lemhi and East Bannock. From the statements of Judge Tufts I am satisfeid that the best route for a road from new Fort Boise to Virginia City, on the Trhee Forks, is to go by the emigrant worad via the Three Buttes until you get on the wagon road from Salt Lake via Fort hallto East Bannock. This crosses the Rocky Mountains near High Bank Creek. (See military map of the Department of Oregon, 1859.) This is now a well-traveled road in some parts. What the peope of that country want now is military protection. That must come from the Northwestern States. I saw the Honorable W. H. Wallace, late Governor, but now Delegate from Idaho Territory, as he passed here. (By the waqy, I was much gratified when Idaho Territory elected a Union candidate.) I wrote him a letter, which I authorized him to show to the Secrtary of War, recommending that a force should be sent to that country near the Three Forks from the Northwestern States. Governor Wallace and Judge Tufts both seems sanguine that steamers can ascend the Yellowstone to within from 100 to 200 miles of Virginia city. Mr. Chouteau is to try it next season. It would have been tried last summer, but the unusually low water prevented the steamers even from getting to Fort Benton. A few infantry companies should go on the steamers to the head of navigation on the Yellowstone. The mounted companies (and there should benearly a regiment) should go by land via Fort Laramie. Judge Tufts says the best place for a military post will be at the head of navigation, supposed to be near the mouth of Clark's Fork of the Yellowstone. Thence two companies of cavalry should be sent to the Flathead Agency in the Bitter Root country, which is in my district. It shouild be especially excepted from my district and supplied from their depot. I need not say to you that I have not troops enough in my district to occupy that country. They must come from Missouri Iowa, &amp;c. If General Totten shall comply with the request of General Wright in his letter of 16th of December and send an oficer of Engineers for the purpose, I shall do my best to give him escort. But I cannot now recommend the exoploration. The Crow Indians on the Yellowstone threaten the whites and object to the explorations of the miners. The Sioux are fast approachiang the Crows. A military force is needed there, and I respectfully recommend to the general commanding the department that he make such represenecretary of War as will materilally aid Governof Wallace in getting the troops referred to. It is beyond my district and the Department of the Pacific, but as the seat of government of Idaho Territory is at Lewiston, on this side of the mountains, they naturally look to us for assistance. Since writing you on the 20th instant I have

