
ordered twenty-five cavalry, under Lieutenant Waymire, from Fort Dalles to the South Fork of John Day's River, on the road to Canyon City, for the protection of the whites, some depredations having been committed by the Indians. This detachment will join Captain Drake after he starts, two months later.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 26, 1864.

COMMANDER OF POSTS AND CAMPS IN THE HARBOR OF SAN FRANCISCO:

SIRS: The department commander desires you to excercise the greateast watchfulness to guard against a surprise of the post under your command. No body of men will be permitted to land on any island occupied for military defense, or come within any military reservation, without special orders from these headquarters. Should an emergency arise rendering the re-enforcement of any of the posts necessary, an officer from these headquarters, known personally to you, will be the bearer of such orders. All officers at posts in this harbor are required to be with their commands between tattoo and reveille, except when their absence is especially autorized by the department commander. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., February 26, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to advise you that Captain Currey with his company and Company A, Captain Rinehart, will leave for Fort Boise about the 1st of May preparatory to making an expedition west andsouthwest from that post. He will be allowed to take with him about twenty picket Indians, if he choose to take them as scouts. They should have a select chief at their head. They will only receive subsistence from the Government. He will be joined by Lieutenant Hobart's detachment at Fort Boise. Please make all the necessary arrangements. Make a report as to how far the means of transportation now at Fort Walla Walla will suffice for this expedition. A depot supplied with wagons will be established as far from Fort Boise as a practicable road can be obtained. It is supposed that wagons can thus be used for the first 100 or 150 miles. The troops will pack from the date of leaving Fort Walla Walla. It is supposed that there are more than 100 pack animals now at your post which could be spared for this expedition. How many wagons and mulses for them will be needed at your post? The troops under Captain Currey will traverse the whole country as far as possible, the only limit to their movements being the means of subsistence. The object of this expedition will be to protect the whites in exploring, traveling, and mining in that country from Auburn to the California line. Lieutenant Apperson will be ordered to join his company before that date, and will be

