
appointed quartermaster of the expedition. It will not return to Fort Walla Walla before October 15. Such is, in brief, the programme. Let Captain Currey make all the necessary inquiries and preparations. The general desires me to invite you to make any suggestions connected with the expedition which yoalled for by the pubic service.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, Firt Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN FRANCISCO, February 27, 1864.

Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Drum Barracks:

(Via Los Angeles.)

Persons will be permitted to land and work on Catalina until the Indian Department wantit.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, February 29, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Please telegraph decision of Interior Department relative to Catalain Island. Much interest is felt to know at once the determination of the Government.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, February 29, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: A few days since I received your dispatch of the 20th of February (acknolwedged at the time) advising me that the Interior Department had been requested to make Catalina Island an Indian reservation. Colonel Balck, sixth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding the District of Humboldt, is prosecuting vigorously the war against the hostile Indians in that quarter, and every possible effort will be used to capture all those Indians and remove them entirely out of the country. We have now sixteen companies of troops in the District of Humboldt, and I am in hopes to settle the Indian difficulties there in the course of the next three months, when at least twelve of these companies can be withdrawn for service elsewhere. In setting apart the island of Catalina for an Indian reservation, the question arises as to the mining operations on the island. A large number of companies have been incorporated, and although the mines have not yet been fully developed, the prospect is that they will prove remunerative. I have permitted those people to remain on the island until the decision of the Government could be received, but cautioned them against erecting any expensive works for the present. My previous

