
communications will have informed the Department of the size and topography of the island, as well as its capabilities. Should the Department decide to allow the mines to be worked I would recommend still that the whole island be held as an Indian reservation in order that improper persons can be removed without any difficulty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., February 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your various telegrams of dates 11th, 19th, 24th, and 27th instant, concerning the occupancy of Santa Catalina. The directions contained in these were transmitted to commanding officer at the island as opportunities occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth California Infantry, Commanding.

CAMP, Forks of Salmon, February 29, 1864.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: On the 10th of February I received a telegram ordering me to move my men to the forks of the Salmon and chastise thue Indians. Marched on the 12th, after purchasing rations and ammunition at the lowest rates they could be purchased at Fort Jones, it being impossible to get more than ten days' rations over the muntains. The snow being deep, it took us three days crossing, and found every kind of provisions at high figures, and the county in a state of excitement here as well as Cecilville. I have sent a small party to defend that place, whole the main poart shall scour the mountains as soon as I have cartridges made and rations prepared. My force consists of sixty-three men with only fifty stand of arms.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. RANDALL,

First Lieutenant Co. F, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 1, 1864.

Major R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Enigineer Corps, in charge of Light-House on Pacific Coast, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I am informed by Captain G. H. Elliot, of the Engineer Corps in charge of the construction of fortfications at the mouth of the Columbia River, that if the light-house at Cape Disappointment remain in its present site any firing of heavy guns at the fortifications erected on the cape will be apt of destroy the glass apparatus of the light-house. He

