
recommends its removal to a site on the cape rather higher, and thus better adapted for the purpose of a light-house than the present site, but more remote from the guns. I therefore hope you will take the necessary stepsto secure the removal. If any appropriation of Congress is needed for that purpose I hope it will at once be requested at the present session. I send this through Captain Elliot to enable him to write also his views in the premises.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,

Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., March 1, 1864.

The undersigned has received numerous letters of complaint and inquiry from parties within and without the district, the former alleging that certain residents of Utah Territory indulge in threats and menaces against miners and others desirous of prospecting for precious metals, and the latter asking what, if any, protection will be accorded to those coming hither to develop the mineral resources of the country. Without giving undue importance to the thoughtless or reckless words of misguided prejudices, or bad-hearted men who may be guilty of such threats as those referred to, and indulging the hope that they are but individual expressions rather than menaces issued by any presumed or presumptuous authority whatever, the undersigned takes occasion to repeat what no loyal citizen will gainsay, that this Territory is the public property of the nation, whose wish and interest it is that it be developed at the earliest possible day in all its rich resources-mineral as well as agricultural, pastoral, and mechanical. To this end citizens of the United States, and all desirous of becoming such, are freely invited by public law and national policy to come hither to enrich themselves and advance the general welfare from out the public store, which abountiful providence has scattered through these richly laden mountains and fertile plains. The mines are thronw open to the hardy and industrious, and it is announced that they will receive the amplest protection in life, property, and rights against aggression from whatever source, Indian or white.

The undersigned has abundant reason to know what the mountains of Utah, north, south, east, and west, are prolific in mineral wealth. Gold, silver, iron, copper, lead, and coal are found inalsmot every direction, in quantities which promise the richest results to the adventurous explorer and the industrious miner.

In giving assurance of entire protection to all who may come hither to prospect for mines, the undersigned wishes at this time most earnestly, and yet firmly, to warn all, whether permanent residents or not of the Territory, that should violence be offered or attempted to be offered to miners in the pursuit of their lawful occupation, the offender or offenders, one or many, will be tried as public enemies, and punished to the utmost extent of martial law.

The undersigned does not desire to indulge in useless threats, but wishes most fully and explicitly to apprise all of their rights, and warn misguided men of the inevitable result should they seek to obstruct citizens in those rights, or throw obstacles in the way of the development of the pubic domain. While miners will be thus protected, they must understand that no interference with the vested

