
rights of the people of the Territory will be tolerated, and they are expected to conform in all things to the laws of the land, which recognize in their fullest extent the claims of the bona fidesettlers on public lands. While the troops have been seen to this district to protect from a savage foe the homes and premises of the settler and the public interests of the antion, they are also hereto preserve the public peace, secure to all the inestimable blessings of liberty, andpreserve intact the honor, dignity, and rights of the citizen vested by a free Constitution, and which belong to the humblestequally with the highest in the land. This, their mission, it is the duty of the undersignedto see fulfilled by kinly and warning words, if possible, but if not, still to be enforced at every hazard and at any cost. He cannot permitthe public peace and the welfare of all to be jeoparded by the foolish threats or wicked actions of a few.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'SOFFICE,

Washington, March 2, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: Your communication of the 2nd ultimo, reporting the movement of troops, has been submitted to the General-in-Chief, and is approved by him.

I am, sir,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., March 2, 1864.

First. Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters District of Oregon, Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the detachment of twenty-five men of company D, First Oregon Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant James A. Waymire, left this post yesterday for South Fork of John Day's River with seventy-five days' rations. This will last them to 14th of May, by which time I presume the main expedition will be in the vicinity of their camp. I would respectfully recommend that this expedition, as well as the troops intended for Fort Boise, unless detainedk by some remarkable exception in the weather, should move by the 15th or 20th of April. There being no enlisted man at the post suitable for the duty, I directed Hospial Steward Catley to accompany the detachment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 3, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FORT POINT:

SIR: The detachment comander directs that should your post be signaled by the revenue steamer Shubrick not to let a vessel pass, you

