
Virginia City, Speaker of the House of Representatives in Idaho Legislature. He says that the point reached by the steamers on the Yellowstone (if it is navigable) would in all probability be an eligible sit efor the military post, as the danger feared from Indians is from those east of the Three Forks, viz, Crows, &amp;c., who inhabit the Yellowstone. Of course an assistant quartemraster should leave Saint Louis on one of the steamers and take with him for the expedition ample supplies, &c., for the year. The high water remains but a short time, and thus but one trip of the steamr can be made. I have one courtesy to ask you. In any event will you please write to Honorable William H. Wallace, Delegate from Idaho Territory, now in Washington, and notify himof what steps you can take. I wrote him a letter calculated to aid him in obtraining such protection as is needed for that retgion, but I anticipate that the War Department, absorbed in more important events, may not be able to act upon his representations. I am satisfied that you can do more in the presmises than any one. Seeing by the papers that you are assigned to the command, I have resolved to lay the matter before you. It is eminently wise policy to encourage emigration to the Territories and the establishment of a chain of settlements from the Mississippi to the Pacific.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 49. San Francisco, Cal., March 4, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Company I (Kennedy's), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on the next trip of the steamer Senator to Drum Barrcks. The quartermaster's department will provide the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 4, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The consolidation of the Washington Territory regiment invlves discharge of many who have performed arduous and faithful service. General Alvord does nto recommend it, and if not incompatible with the views of the Department, I would ask that the consolidation be postponed.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 4, 1864.

Captain F. SEIDENSTRIKER, or

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT BOISE, IDAHO TER.:

CAPTAIN: Your letters of the 7th and 11th ultimo have been received. Your course in supplying with rations the destitute Indians

