
commanding the department, I am instructed to inform you that the field expeditoins suggested by you are hereby authorized. If agreater amount of transportation than is now on hand is required for the operations requisiton will be made on Colonel Babbitt, who will either order its purchase in your district or have it sent from here, being guided in this by the best interests of the service. If you have not a sufficient number of troops to undertake the exploration eastward, the exploration will be postponed until amore favorable opportunity. The general desires me to say that he has telegraphed to Washington on the subject of consolidation of regiments, and wishes you to suspsend furthe raction until receipt of additional instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, STATE OF OREGON,

Portland, Oreg., March 5, 1864. (Received 7. 30 p. m. 7th.)

The President of the United States, Greeting:

Our telegraph is complete. Let the great pacific railroad, with a branch to Oregon, soon follow. We want no Pacific republic. No compromise with rebels in arms. No more slavery.

ADDISON C. GIBBS.

DRUM BARRACKS, CAL., March 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the departure yesterday (5th) of Colonel O. M. Brown and staff, First California Cavalry, from this ost, also of Captain Merriam, Company L, First California Cavalry, for Tuscon, Ariz. Ter., via Fort Yuma. Eleven quartermaster wagons transported the forage and supplies of the command. Inclosed herewith is the report of inspection made by Major-Gorman, of same regiment, just previous to marching. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., March 6, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this camp, a few hundred yards from Fort Gaston, with my adjutant and regimental quartermaster, about 6 p. m. yesterday. We came along with Major Wright's command, Companies E and G, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers. A scout is now out, from which important results are expected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

