
the country in the direction of the old Mormon Fort Lamhi. There are pletny of pack-saddles in good condition here, but as there has never been any use for them, Lieutenant Cabanis had them put on an inspection report. The trees are of the old-fashioned pattern, and are almost worthless in packing. The last ropes, &amp;c., belonging to the aparejos are in pretty good order. The pack train of ninety-nine animals that we can supply here will I think be large enough to meet all the requirement sof the expediiton that it is intended to meedt; for besides being able to carry all the camp equipage, ammunition, &c., that the command will need, and after furnishing riding animals for packers, herders, &c., there will still be left enough to transprot subsistence stroes for forty-five or fifty days. There will then remain some 50,000 pounds of subsistence stores to be transported in wagons. If it is the intention of the general to direct the establishment of a supply depot at which Captain Currey can replenish his packs when exhausted, and which will be permanent dring the expedition, ten or twelve wagons will suffice for the purpose. This train can make several trips during the summer from Fort Boise and carry stores in sufficient quantity to keep the command well supplied. As the force under Captain Currey will be too small to warrant him in leaaving any portion of it, to establish and guard his depot, I would recommend that adetachment of at least two commissioned officers and fifty infantry soldiers be sent with him to be assigned to this duty. I whould also think a mounted escort requisite to insure the safety of the wagon train while en route. It does not seem to me necessary that Captain Currey should be required to go all the way to Fort Boise preparatory to making a start. He has to return over very nearly the same road from Boise to the mouth of the Owybnee that he will take in going up, and I would suggest the propriety of his camping in that vicinity until joined by the infantry and Lieutenant Hobart's detachment. They can be directed to meet him at that point on a certain date; or should he be obliged to await their arrival, he can in the meantime examine the country and determine the most pracitcable route upon which to direct the wagon train, and thus save much valuable time. His horses and pack animals would also have a good opportunity to improve during the interval. I also inclose a statement* of the subsistence stores on hand at this post, what will be required for the use of the present garrison until May 1, what will berequired from that date until August 1, and what will be available for the use of the expedition. It is believed that the news stores will commence to arrive prior to August 1, so that the troops left in garrison will have anores on hand. Should I be mistaken in this please advise me. I will have everything here prepared and at the disposal of the general as many days prior to May 1 as possible.

Very respectfuly, your obedient servant,

T. C. ENGLISH,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 7, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: We have been quite successful in re-enlisting most of the regular soldiers on this coast whose terms of service would expire during the year; but we have not been so fortunate with the volunteer

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

