
regiments. But very few have re-enlisted. This is not from any want of patriotism amongst the volunteers, and should any emergency arise requiring their services every man of them would rush to their oclors. I have been anxious to organize a battery of light artillery, but I have only four companies of the Third Artillery here, and their services areindispensably necessary at the forts, and the companies of the Ninth Infantry are too small for that purpose. There is a very fine company of light artillery (State militia) in San Francisco with only four guns. They are very desiours of obtaining a complete battery and equipments of six Parrott guns. We have the guns at Benicia Arsenal, and I wold recommend that the company be supplied.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the Chief of Ordnance for his recommendation.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, April 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant-General with the recommendation that the issue asked for be not authorized.

Under an order from General halleck of 9th of July, 1863, General Wright has ordered the issue at various times to the militia of California of a large quantity of arms, embracing artillery, muskets, sabers, pistols, &amp;c. Recently these issues became so large that I deemed it my duty to brign the matter before the Secretary of War, who thereupon, on the 22nd ultimo, ordered that no more issue be made and that the order of July 9 be revoked. Captain McAllister was telegraphed to that effect on the same day, and he was also directed to inform General Wright of this action by the Secretary of war, which information it is presumed he has received by this time.

GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

March 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

San Francisco, Cal.:

You are hereby authorized to postopne consolidation of Washington Territory regiment.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 7, 1864.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, Sacramento, Cal.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your kind letter of the 23rd of January reached me in Franklin, Tex. There are reasons connected with the

