
publis service, which Captain Cutler will explain to you, that render it necessary that I should retain all the transportation that comesthrough with the cavalry companies, and ask of you besides the favor to send me thirty first-class six-mule teams, the wagosn to be laden each with sugar, coffee, tea, candles, soap, rice, vinegar, and pork, in due proportions, except sugar and coffee, which should be 100 per cent. in excess over and above all the other articles. Beans and flour, and doubltess salt, I can get on the Rio Grande. The train should come at once through to Las Cruces, N. Mex., where it will be greatly needed. I beg not to be disappointed in this as everything depends on getting the train and stores at the earliest possible day. Captain Cutler will give you all the news and tell you how much we regretted the idea of your removal. Regards to your family, and to Drum, and Woods, and Fry, and Kirkham.

Sincerely, yours,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. -The Governork and other official of Arizona, now at fort Whipple, near the new gold mines, and half way from Albuquerque to Los Angeles, are clamoring for a line of vedettes or some other mail facilities. If you willput on aline of vedettes from Drum Barracks, via Fort Mojave, to Fort Whipple, I will put on from Albuquerque to Fort Whipple, when we will have rapid, and safe, and cheap express facilities across the continent on the thirty-fifth parallel. If you will do this, general, when will you commence? Say, May 1, 1864.

J. H. C.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 8, 1864.

General B. ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Portland, Oreg.:

Consolidation of Washington infantry is postponed.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., March 10, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,

Los Angeles, Cal.:

SIR: By direction of Colonel G. W. Bowie, commanding District of Arizona, I have the honor to request that timely notice may be sent me of the movements of the First Cavalry toward Tucson, that such preparations as are possible may be made for their reception and for forwarding themtotheir destination.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, March 10, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: In accordance with the instructions upon its face I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a letter just received from Brigadier

