
leave Benicia for Southern California about the middle of this month. They are a fine body of men, well mounted and equipped. The colonel of the regiment, with the staff, has probably reached Fort Yuma by this time. The unprecedented drought in this country has already caused a heavy advance in the price of forage, and unless we have rain very soon it will be impossible to subsist our animals, except at enormous rates. In many portions of this State, particularly in the southern districts, a great portion of the stock has already perished. Under these circumstances I shall have no more horses bought for the p resent. At cavalry stations I have ordered all the horses not absolutely necessary at the posts to be herded in the mountain valleys where there is some grass. From present indications it is more than probable that the grain crop will be very small. Breadstuffs have already advanced 30 per cent.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., March 11, 1864-1 p. m.

(Received 9. 40 p. m.)

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

At request of Pacific Steamship Company I send a guard on steamer to Pannama with rifles guns and projectiles. All quiet in San Francisco.

GEO. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 11, 1864.

Commodore C. H. POOR, U. S. Navy,

Commanding U. S. S. Saranac:

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you herewith a copy of a letter* from the acting collector at San Francisco in reply to a communication which I caused to be addressed to him in relation to changing the position of the U. S. revenue steamer Shubrick, so that she could, in co-operation with the U. S. forts, more effectually guard the entrance to the harbor. With a ship of war of suitable size and armament outside of the Golden Gate, communicating by signals with the forts, I think the entrance would be pretty well guarded. I shall be most happy to co-operate with you in any precautions which the naval force at your disposal may enable you to take for the protection of the city.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, Cal., March 12, 1864.

In consequence of the probable failure of the crops in this State the department commander enjoins upon all commanders of cavalry the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

