
strictest economy in the use of forage. At all stations the issue of forage will not exceed one-half the present allowance authorized in regulations. When it can be safely done the cavalry and quartermaster's horses not absolutely required for current service at the posts will be taken t the nearest place where grass and water can be procured and the animals herded.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 12, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah:

GENERAL: The general commanding the department, having read with care your circular of March 1, desires me to say that he approves the position taken for protection of all loyal American citizens who may seek a home in the Territory of Utah. The laws of Congress for the protection of citizens must be enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 12, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknoledge the reception of your letter of the 26th of January, saying that two companies of the Ninth Infantry will be forwarded to this district for the purpose of manning the batteries at the mouth of the Columbia River. Company D, of the Ninth Infantry, accordingly arrived here on the 1st of February. I shall be happy to see, accordingly, the other companies of that regiment promised. Captain W. H. Jordan, with Company A, Ninth Infantry, will be sent about the 1st proximo to Cape Disappointment. I have appointed First Lieutenant J. E. Yard, Ninth Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence of the command, and wish orders be given for his being supplied with the requisite funds from the chiefs of those headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 12, 1864.

Mr. L. C. FITCH,

Lewiston, Idaho Ter.:

SIR: Your letter of the 1st instant has been received. I should judge that you supposed there was an intention to break up the post at Fort Lapwai. There was never any such intention. I am pleased to

