
[Inclosure.] GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 5. Fort Yuma, Cal., March 17, 1864.

In compliance with the orders of General Geroge Wright, commanding Department of the Pacific, to proceed to Tucson, Ariaz. Ter., the undersigned hereby relinquishes command of this post to Captain Edgar W. Hillyer, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers.

CLARENCE E. BENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding

CAMP ON SOUTH FORK OF JOHN DAY'S RIVER, OREG.,

March 17, 1864.

First Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: For the information of the general commanding the district I have the honor to report having arrived at this place with the detachment of cavalry under my command on the 16th instant. We have met with no serious accidents. On account of the roughness of the roadand the poor quality of the grass our animals are very much reduced. Through the Potato Hills especially the road is very bad at this season of the year. The grass is either very old or quite new, and is consequently barely sufficient to sustain life in animals accustomed to grain as ours have been. Notwithstanding we have traveled slowly and have taken the best care of them possible under the circumstances, some of our team mules were entirely exhausted on reaching this place.

The weather has been very good and the health of the command tolerable. In addition to the Alkali Flat theft, which is reported to have been committed a few weeks ago, I have to-day heard from travelers on the road that more than 100 animals were stolen near Canyoncity on the night of the 15th instant. I have not been able to learn much of the particulars. It is the genral supposotion that they have been driven to the moutnains southeast of the town. Twenty-five citizens are reported in pursuit. I sahll leave camp to-morrow morning with fifteen men and ten days' supplies for the prupse of invetigating the affair. I think there is little doubt that white men are most to blame for these difficulties. Indeed, it seems highly probable that only a few renegade Indians are engatged in the depredations.

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully, yours,

J. A. WAYMMIRE,

Second Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Detachment Company D.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 18, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California:

SIR: We are officially informed that certain Mexican ports on the Pacific have been blockaded by the French fleet, and I have no doubt that very soon every Mexican port from Acapulco to the mouth of the Colorado will be closed. Our commerce with the States of Mexico

