
bordering the Pacific Ocean has been rapidly growing into importance lately, and its interruption cannot be viewed with indifference by the people of California. The war waged by the French Empire against a sister Republic is for consequest and empire and if successful will plant a foreign power on our southern frontier-a power which has given the most unmistakable evidences of its sympathy with the rebels of rht dismemeberment of the United States. Again, the occupation of Sonora and the other States of Mexico on ur borders by a rapacius and and unscrupulous foregin power will imperil the State of California. More than two years since I urged upon our Government to permit me to occupy the city of Guaymas with U. S. troops, as a precautionary measure to guard against the possiblitity of the rebels gaining afoothold in that country, and if the French power is established in that country we may loook for an influx of rebels to aid them in invading this State. The present power of France is aggressive in character; it ocoverts California and will fraternize with rebels to accomplish its end. Our own difficulties should not deter us from assuming abold stand and maintaing with unflinching firmeness the doctrines so dear to every American heard. If France is determined to prusue this aggressive course we had better meet the issue at once. Notwhtishtadning our internal war we have the men adnmeans to rescue a sister Republic from the grasp ofaruthless invader, and exhibitto theworld the grand spectacle of anation, while engaged in awar for its own preservation withamillion of men arms, thatdoes not shrink from a contest with the aiders and abettors of her rebel subjects. Under this state of affairs, remote as we are form the seat of our Government, and mainly dependent upon our own resources and the strong arms and valiant hearts of our patriotic people, it is respectfully submitted to Your Excellency whether it would not be proper to take some measures to avert the threatened calamity.

Withg great respect, I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., March 18, 1864.

Captain J. McALLISTER,

Ordnance Department, Commanding Benicia Arsenal, Cal.:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, March 18, 1864.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in accordance with instructions to that effect from Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, inspector-general,

