
Department of New Mexico, I have sent Captain William Ffrench, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, to the Mexican State of Sonora, for the purpose of conferring with His Excellency Governor Pesqueira, and obtaining from that Government, if possible, the right to enter at their ports and tranpsort across the State what supplies are necessary for the support of our troops stationed in this Territory. For the full information of the department commander I transmitherewith official copies of my communication to Governor Pesqueira (marked A), my letter of instructions to Captain Ffrench (marked B), and aletter to the U. S. consuls at Guaymas (marked C). I deem it hardly necessary to detail the difficulties of transportation over the present route by Fort Yuma, being aware that Colonel Davis has reported fully uupon that subject. With myself, he believes it of vital importance that the route should be changed. Since Captain Ffrench's departure I have not yet heard from him. I scarcely doubt, however, the success of his mission.

Trusting that this action may meet the approval of the commanding general, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

[Inclsoure Numbers 1.]

A.
HEADQUARTERS,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., March 5, 1864.

His Excellency Senor Don IGNACIO PESQUEIRA,

Governor of Sonora, Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico:

SIR: I have the honor of presenting to Your Excellency Captain William Ffrench, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, U. S. Army, whom I have directed to wait upon Your Excellency for the purpose of confering on matters of interest to both countires. The subject of most interest to the military service in this Territory, which Captain Ffrench is charged to represent to Your Excellency, is the obtaining of supplies from California for the troops stationed here. Heretofore our supplies have been transported by the way of the Gulf of Californi aand the Colorado River to Fort Yuma, thence by land tranpsortation toTucson. The road is one of the worst in this Territory, and at most seasons of the year the wate rin the Colorado is so extremely low that the steamers can freight but very little-not sufficient to meet the wants of the country. It has been proposed by the commander ofthis department, General Carleton, and thecommander of the Department of the Pacific, that an aplication be madeto your Excellency of the privilege of transporting supplies for the torps statined in this Territory through your State of Sonora. It is for this privilege that, by command of Brigadier General James H. Carleton, U. S. Army, commander of the Department of New Mexico, I have sent Captain Ffrench to confer with Your Excellency. It is oneof great importance to that portion of the Army of the United States stationed in Arizona; and if not inconsistent with your laws, and Your Excelelncy could grant it, the concession would be duly appreciated by our Government at Washington. Captain Ffrench is thoroughly acquainted with our wants and necessities, and possesses the confidence of those who send him. Any arrangement which he may make with Your Excellency concerning the transportation will be fully indorsed and carried out by higher authority. I desire also to confer with Your Excellency, through Captain Ffrench, upon another

