
subject which I have been given to understand is of some importance to the interests of Sonora. I allude to our arrangements by which the troops of either country, when in pursuit of our common enemy, the Indians, will be permitted to cross the line and enter the territory of the other. This arrangement could be made permanently only by an international treaty between the Governments at Mexico and Washington. Yet I can assure Your Excellency upon the part of the military authorities of Arizona that no obstacle will be thrown in the way of any troops of Sonora which may be in the field operating against Indians, should the commanding officer find it necessary to enter the Territory of Arizona for the accomplishment of his object, and as commander of the troops in Southern Arizona I should be pleasede privilege extended to me. I will refer the matter to the department commander and upon receiving his answer will communicate with Your Excellency further.

Congratulating Your Excellency upon your recent brilliant campaign against the Indians, I have the honor to be, with the highest considerations, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] B. HEADQUARTERS, Tucson, Ariz. Ter., March 6, 1864.

[Captain WILLIAM FFRENCH:]

CAPTAIN: You will proceed to-morrow to the neighboring State of Sonora, Mexico, for the purpose of conferring with His Excellency Senor Don Ignacio Pesqueira, the Governor of that State. You will endeavor to effect an arrangmeent with him, the main features of which will be that the United States Government will be permitted to land at the ports of Guaymas, Libertad, or Lobos, and transport across the State of Sonora to the Territory of Arizona, by its own trains, or by citizen trains in the employ of Government, all supplies which may be needed for the use of troops stationed in Arizona. You will obtain also, if possible, the sanction of the Sonora government for sending, if necessary, a sufficient military escort with trains hauling these supplies for their protection against Indians. The details of this arrangement are necessarily left to your own judgment. It is proper, however, to direct your attention tothe vital importance of obtaining this concession. Our advices tend to show the impossibility of receiving supplies by the colorado route in sufficient quantities to meet the wants of the service, and unless the route through Sonora iks opened we are in a great degree cut off from the source of our supplies. With this in view, exhaust every argument to accomplish the mission upon whichyou are sent. Accompanying you will find a letter presenting you to Governor Pesqueira, and mentioning the object of your visit to his State. You will also find a letter addressed to the Honorable E. Conner, U. S. consult at Guaymas, in relation to the business upon which you are sent. Make yourself acquainted with the contents of this letter and forward it to Mr. Conner by the first opportunity which presents itself. After you shall have obtained from Governor Pesqueira a reply to your application, whether it be favorable or adverse, you will communicate the result without delay to Mr. Conner. Your escort will consist of sixteen men, commanded by Lieutenant B. F. Fox, First Cavalry California Volunteers. You are also furmpetent

