
interpreter. Should you find it necessary to employ other assistants you are hereby authorized to do so at reasonable rates. You will give your personal attention to the department of your whole party while in a foreign country. See that the appearance, bearing, and conduct of your escort will reflect credit upon the service and add to the dignity of your mission. Above all, do not present, by deed, word, or intimation, anything which may in the least affect the present friendly relations between the two countries. Relying with confidence on your ability and judgment in conducting so important a matter, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] C. HEADQUARTERS, Tucson, Ariz. Ter., March 6, 1864.

Honorable EDWARD CONNER,

Consul of the United States, Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Captain William Ffrench, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, U. S. Army, will leave this post to-morrow morning for Sonora, for the purpose of conferring with His Excellency Governor Pesqueira, and to obtain, if possible, permission to transport through that State the necessary supplies for the troops stationed in this Territory. A contract has been made with Messrs. John G. Capron &amp; Co. for the transportation of these supplies from Guaymas to Tucson, and Colonel E. B. Babbitt, deputy quartermaster-general, U. S. Army, at San Francisco, has been requested to send the supplies already required forward to

Guaymas instead of the Colorado River, as heretofore. As soon as Captain Ffrench shall have an interview with the Governor he will communicate with you, acquainting you with the result. It has been requested of Colonel Babbitt that all Government transprots carrying supplies for Arizona will report to you at Guaymas. Should Capatin Ffrench suceed in effecting an arrangement with Governor Pesqueira, then the tranpsorts will discharge their freight at that port, consigned to Messrs. Capron & Co. Should the opposite result obtain you will please instruct the master of any tranpsort which may touch at Guaymas to proceed up the Gulf and discharge at the mouth of the Colorado River as formerly. This is a matter of vital importance to the troops stationed in this country, and I confidently count upon your co-operation with me in the execution of what I esteem so necessary for the public service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Numbers 24. Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., March 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel William Jones and Captain Samuel P. Smith, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed west of Salt Lake to select a cavalry camp.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

