HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash., Ter., March 18, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I take the liberty of recommending to the general commanding the department that two-thirds of the company at Fort Klamath be sent in the direction of Goose Lake, to remain out all summer, affording protection to the large number of travelers who are sure to take that route to explore the southeastern part of Oregon. Though Fort Klamath is not in my district, I make this recommendation, as I have had occasion to know and ascertain the factthat large numbers of whites will probably rush in that direction, and it is very desirable to assist the miners in their explorations. It is the proper policy of the Government to stimulateand assist in all such enterprises. They are fast redeeming from the reputation of impouted sterility and worthlessness vast regions east of the Cascade Mountains. I have just conversed with Lieutenant White (regimental adjutant First Oregon Cavalry), from that post, and he recommends the vicinity of Goose Lake as the best center for the scouts of such a force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 18, 1864.

Honorable GEORGE E. COLE,

Delegate from Washington Territory, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I write this to recommend in the strongest terms that an appropriation should be made for a fortification at Point Defiance, on Puget Sound, in this Territory. I think if you will call at the office of Brigadier General J. G. Totten, Chief of Engineers, you will find that he will favor it. Please ask him to refer on the subject to the report and map made of that point (and Big Harbor opposite) in 1860 by First Lieutenant T. L. casey, of the Engineer Corps. It was declared a military reservation that year by General Wright, with a view to its being fortified. It is the only point at the mouth of the Columbia are fairly under way, and it is time attention was now made to Point Defiance. Two iron-clad steam-rams are also essential to our defense on Puget Sound and on the Columbia.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 33. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 19, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. The expedition composed of Companies D and G, First Oregon Cavalry, commanded by Captain John M. Drake, of the same regiment, will start on their march into the Indian country on the 15th proximo, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

