
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, March 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Sacramento:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your valued note of 18th, making suggestions and giving your views regarding the French invasion of Mexico. The subject is one of so great importance to the United States, and more particularly to California, that time will not permit my giving you my views in this communication. I will improve the first leisure moment (which will not be until after the adjournemt of the Legislature) to call upon you and confer personally with you on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. F. LOW.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 21, 1864.

Captain J. McALLISTER,

Chief of Ordnance, Commanding Benicia Arsenal:

SIR: You will isue to Major R. W. Kirkham, U. S. quartermaster, for the brig General Jesup, the following ordnance and ordnance stores, viz: Twenty rifle muskets (caliber . 58); 20 sets of accouterments; 10 pistols; 10 pistols holsters; 1,000 musket cartridges (caliber . 58); 1,000 pistol cartridges.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 22, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-general:

The seventh and last company, First Cavalry, sailed yesterday for Southern California. The six companies previously sent down are moving in a very satisfactory manner. Some have reached Tucson.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

WELLS, FARGO &amp; CO. EXPRESS AND EXCHANGE CO.,

San Francisco, March 23, 1864.

General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

DEAR SIR: I trust that you will pardon my seeming neglect in not sooner answering yours of the 17th instant,* but the pressure of business prevented my conferring with two or three gentlemen in relation to your suggestions until the day before yesterday. We think and suggest that you apply to the War Department to have Arizona attached to the Department of the Pacific under command of one competent and reliable officer and with a force sufficient, with the aid of the American settlers, to capture Guaymas when deemed advisable, and to enable you to judge of the time to make the move, the Government should keep you posted as to their foreign policy, for unless

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

