
you know that you might bring on a war with France when they desired peace, or vice versa. As these suggestions are purely military, I have thought it best not to have therm presented to the Government by civilians, but leave doing it to you.

With great respect, I remain, yours, truly,

LOUIS McLANE.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Temporarily in Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., Numbers 16. March 23, 1864.

I. Major W. S. R. Taylor, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at Fort Gaston, Cal., and will proceed without delay to Camp Anderson, Cal. Upon his arrival there he will assume command of same.

II. First Lieutenant I. W. Hempfield, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, and detachment of Company B, First Battalion Montaineers, California Volunteers (except those employed on extra duty in quartermaster'sand subsistence departments, who will remain for the present at Fort Gaston, Cal.), will proceed without delay to join their company at Camp Anderson.

III. The acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Gaston will furnish the necessary transportation for the above movement.

By order of Colonel Black:

JAMES ULIO,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols., Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. C. ENGLISH,

First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding Officer Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: By the special order sent to-day you will perceive that sixty mules will be left for your post and Wallula Landing, and if any additional transportation shall be required it can be hired from Wallula to Fort Walla Walla. Captain Drake and Captain Currey will each have the same amount of transportation, eight wagons and six mules each for the same, and 132 pack and riding mules, or 180 mules each. The general intends to order an officer and twenty cavalry from Fort Lapwai and about thirty infantry from Fort Boise to join Captain Currey. He submitted the question of employing Indian allies to General Wright, who has not responded to his invitation to give his views. Colonel Maury opposes the use of them to any extent. The general commanding the district authorizes Captain Currey under your instructions to arrange for his command being accompanies with such number of friendly Indians as he chooses to take, not more than twenty, they only receiving subsistence from the Government. Captain Currey will see or correspond with the Indian agents, and will not take any Indians without their consent. The general desires a report on these subjects from Captain Currey, and also as to the date he recommencs for the starting of his expedition from Fort Walla Walla. He will be directed as you recommended to encamp at the mouth of the Owyhee until joined by the troops, &amp;c., from FortBoise. A letter from Lieutenant Cabanis, acting assistant quartermaster, of 19th of March, just received, says that he cannot repair but thirty-four out of

