
the 200-odd aparejos on hand at your post; accordingly paragraph VII, of Special Orders, Numbers 38, of 23rd instant, is so far modified that Captain Hopkins, assistant quartermaster, will be instructed to purchase forty aparejos to be sent to Lieutenant Silas Pepoon, acting assistant quartermaster of Captain Currey's expedition.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 14. Tucson, Ariz, Ter., March 24, 1864.

I. Captain G. T. Witham, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will march with his company (M) from this to-morrow morning and take post on the Rillito at or near the place known as Robinson's ranch. Captain Witham will be guided in the selection of his camp by the advantages possessed by the ground in the way of grazing, water, and wood.

* * * * * *

THEO. A. COULT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Temporarily in Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., March 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the letter of instructions from department headquarters of February 6, 1864, has been received, carefully weighed, and considered. From all the information I can gather, I am of the opinion that a less force than one company is amply sufficient for all protection necessary for that vicinity, and I would most respectfully suggest that a part of said company, say one subaltern and twenty men, be stationed at Orelans Bar, the county seat of Klamath; all of which I should have ordered without consulting department headquarters had it not been for the fact that that force had been ordered there from said headquarters, and with what orders I know not. The expense and difficulties of supplying a permanent cammp in that locality, with few or no people in vicinity to protect, are other reasons for a change, whilst I deem the necessary protection can be furnished from Orleans Bar, which is only some sixteen or seventeen miles distant, and from which some supplies can be obtained, if necessary. I have ordered supplies sent from Gaston, and directed the commanding officer at Forks of Salmon to draw all his supplies from said post. An early answer upon the foregoing subject is earnestly requested.

Very respectfully, your obedientservant,

H. M. BACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., March 26, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have ordered Company A, Ninth Infantry, to leave for Cape Disappointment on the 4th proximo, and also on the same day Company G, First Oregon Cavalry, goes

