
and Rogue River Valley being included in the old Department of California. It is suggested that you ask Major Drum in your communication to what paymaster you shall forward the pay-rolls of your command. The paymasters in San Francisco, as also at this post, are, it is regretted, not supplied with money. They have been notified of funds and daily expect them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. HUGHES,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 8, 1862. -For Carleton to West, in regard to movement to the Rio Grande, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 98.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 28. Tucson, Ariz. Ter., July 8, 1862.

I. By direction of the general commanding the Column from California, Captain Thomas L. Roberts, with his company (E), First Infantry California Volunteers; a detachment of ten men from Company H, First Infantry California Volunteers; Captain John C. Cremony's company (B), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, and the mountain howitzer battery, commanded by Lieutenant Thompson, First Infantry California Volunteers, will without delay move out toward the Rio Grande upon the Overland Mail Route. Special instructions will be given from these headquarters to Captain Roberts, commanding this detachment.

II. A corporal and nine privates of Company H, First Infantry California Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant A. B. MacGowan, First Infantry California Volunteers, will report to Captain Roberts for duty. Sergeant Brooks, of Company H, and Private Buck (second), Adney, Lloyd, and Barbour, of Company I, First Infantry California Volunteers, will report for duty to Lieutenant Thompson, commanding the howitzer battery.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel West:

LAFAYETTE HAMMOND,First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster

First Infantry California Volunteers, Acting Adjutant.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 34. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 8, 1862.

Major C. S. Drew, First Regiment Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, will repair to Camp Clackamas, near Oregon City, and relieve Major J. S. Rinearson, of the same regiment, in command of the expedition to Jacksonville. The latter officer on being relieved will repair to Fort Walla Walla and report for duty at that post. Major Drew will move thecommand at once to Jacksonville, pursuant to former instructions.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

WM. B. HUGHES,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

