
to Fort Dalles to accompany Captain Drake's expedition, authorized in your letter of 5th instant. The latter will leave fort Dalles on the 15th proximo. This leaves at this post Captain Owen's company (D), Ninth Infantry, only thirty-eight strong, and Captain Caldwell's company (B), Oregon cavalry. From the latter I must in a few days detach about twenty men for the War Springs Indian Reservation for the summer, and send two detachmentsof ten men each to escort paymasters to Forts Colville and Boise. I have therefore concluded to order three-fourths of the infantry company (E, First Washington Territory Infantry) from Fort Lipway to this post, which is too important to be left destitute of troops. It will be ordered to start when it can come by water. I hope the general commanding will approve of my course.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadeir-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., March 27, 1864.

First Lieutenant JOHN W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have received letters from Lieutenant Waymire, commanding the detachment in the vicinity of Canyon City, to the 17th. He was then camped on the South Fork of John Day's River, all well, and was making preparations to pursue a band of horses which had been stolen on the night of the 15th from near Canyon City. Lieutenant Waymire is inclined to the opinion that the losses in that section are exaggerated, who are committing the depredations. His estimate of the character and disposition as regars loyalty of the settles on the road is very indifferent. I feel every confidence that the lieutenant will exercise due diligence and judgment in his efforts to put a stop to these robberies and to detect and punish the perpetrators.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, March 28, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Reverting to my communication to you dated the 14th instant, in relation to the exposed condition of the southern frontier of Clifornia should the adjoining States of Mexico be occupied by the French, I would most respectfully recommend that San Diego, Fort Yuma, the lower Colorado, as well as Arizona, should be strongly guarded. On the 18th instant I addressed a letter on this subject to His Excellency Governor F. F. Low, of this State, a cpy of which is herewith inclosed, as well as the Governor's reply, dated on the 21st of March. I also addressed a note to Louis McLane, esq., of this city, with the view of ascrtaining the opinion of some of the most influeantial and leading business gentlemen here. Mr,. McLanes' reply is herewith inclosed. *

---------------

*For inclosures mentioned, see Wright to Low, 18th, p. 791; Low to Wright, 21st, p. 797; McLane to Wright, 23d, p. 797.

---------------

