
Not being officially advised of the policy of the Government of the United States with regard to the occupation of Mexico by a foreing power, I shall of course make no hostile demonstrations without special instructions, except so far as to be watchful, and ready to throw troops on that frontier should it be threatened. I reocmmend two years ago that Arizona should be trasnferred to the Department of New Mexico. It was deemed necessary then to enable the officer in command to move the troops forward to the Rio Grande, should circumstances require it; but not I deem it important that Arizona should be retransferred to this department, from whence the troops draw all their supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigaider-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., March 28, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Recommend that Arizona be transferred to this department and that San Diego, Fort Yuma, and line of Colorado receive re-enforcements. Consequent of Mexico by French exposes frontier of California and Arizona. I should be glad to know policy of Government.

See my letters 14th of March, and also 28th.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 65. San Francisco, Cal., March 28, 1864.

* * * * *

6. The Camp at Smoke Creek Station, in Nevada Territory, will be broken up in time for the command to reach Fort Churchill by the 30th of April next. Such of the movable property as may be considered valuable will be taken to the post above named.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 18. San Francisco, Cal., March 29, 1864.

1. The exigencies which called for the circular of the 12th instant being partially removed, full rations of forage may hereafter be issued to public animals when in constant use; to animals resting, full rations of hay and half rations of grain will be issued.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

51 R R - VOL L, PT II

