
opening the route. Communication at all seasons of the year with navigable waters will be of the utmost importance to the speedy development of this Territory. Consequently I have concluded to make a military road from this place to Fort Mojave, and shall start a force for that purpose as soon as the grass has grown sufficiently to sustain the animals. Will you answer, if possible, the following questions? Are there commissary stores at Fort Mojave, so that the command I will send can draw there for the return trip? How many months in the year can the river be navigated to Fort Mojave? I can make a new road to the fort in a distance of about 500 miles, which can be traveled at all seasons of the year. In fact, winter would be the most preferable time on account of the heat in the summer. If our supplies can be sent by steam to the mouth of the Colorado, and thence shiped to Mojave as speedily as possible, I recommend they be sent that way. Otherwise a few articles most needed could be sent the Placerville route and the balance be sent by sailying vessel to the mouth of the river. All quiet in Jerusalem.

Sincerely, your friend,

P. EDW. CONNOR.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,April 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain Kellogg for his information.

The department commander approves of General Connor's proposition to open communication with the Colorado River and has directed General Connor to advise Captain Kellogg of the amount of subsistence he will require at Fort Mojave, which will be forwarded to that point at the earliest day practicable.

Respectfully,

R. D. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, March 31, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Has the District of Western Arizona been transferred to this department?

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER., March 31, 1864.

Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Oregon,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: In compliance with a request of Colonel English, commanding officer of this post, I have the honor to report that on the 21st instant I arrived at this place from a visit to the Umatilla Indian Reservation. While there I held several consultations with the chiefs concerning the proposed employment of some of their young men during the summer against the Snake Indians. Uma-how-lish, their recognized war chief, agreed to gow ith me and lead a party of twenty young men. I did not say much to the young men, but so far as I did converse with them found them willing. I think I can make that number useful. I am of

