
tains, have been authorized to take with them as guides and scouts such friendly indians (not more than twenty in number) as they may select, with the condition, however, that the consent of the Indian agent shall be obtained. These operations are against the Snakes, and the Wascos are especially anxious to go, as their horses were stolen last fall by those Indians. If any objection on the part of the Indian Department is made to this, as being made of the friendly Indians, I should be notified of the same.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 2, 1864.

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Chief Engineer Pacific Coast, San Fransico, Cal.:

COLONEL: Will you please let me know when the battery at San Jose Point will be ready for the platforms and guns; also the number and size of the guns. This information will enable Captain McAllister to be in readiness, as far as his means will permit, as soon as the batteries are completed. I have been in the city since Tuesday, and intended to have paid you a visit, but I have not had a moment to spare. I shall be down again about the middle of next week.

With great regard, your most obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT WRIGHT, Round Valley, April 4, 1864.

First Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Humboldt District:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of District Orders, Numbers 2, and I respectfully report for the information and action of the district commander that this command has not been used in scouting or active service in the field for the following reasons: That my instructions from department headquarters were, and are, to protect the Indians and their interests on the Nome Cult Indian Reservation from the depredations of bad whites, and also to prevent the Indians on said reserve from leaving it, and, as far as practicable, to protect the property of the settlers in this valley from Indian depredations; and that no instructions requiring me to scout were ever received from department or district headquarters, and even if such instructions had been received, it would be entirely impracticable for me to comply, as the very small force under my command for the least year has been hardly sufficient to keep up the necessary guard for the post, far less the keeping up of a constant scouting party in the field. I respectfully call the attention of the colonel commanding to the fact that every available man I had has been since last May constantly kept at work building quarters, stores, and all such other houses as are required at a post, and these buildings are not yet completed, owing to the fact that the force at this post has been always too small to perform the necessary duties and work. At present the average number of men for duty are only fourteen, and this is a much larger average than any I

