
had since July last, and this small force is required to watch the Indians on the reservation and keep them there, and also to watch secessionists and kidnapers, of which a large portion of the settlers of this valley are composed. The district commander will easily see that it is entirely impracticable for me to send any force into the field, unless I am largely re-enforced. At the same time I believe it to be my duty to respectfully make the following report and suggestion for the information and consideration of the colonel commanding: That from my own experience in operating against the Redwood and Mad River Indians, I am perfectly well satisfied that when hard pressed by the troops in the upper portion of the district, the Indians come down toward the headwaters of Grouse, Pilot, Mad, and Eel Rivers, and there stay until the troops have returned from the pursuit, and then follow the scouting party back to Humboldt. Scouting parties from any of the posts or camps in the upper part of this district cannot in fifteen days follow the Indians into their places of concealment at the head of the streams above named, and the consequence heretofore has been that no Indians were captured by an scouting party that followed them. The rivers and creeks named head about forty miles from this post, and if there was a sufficient force at this post to admit of a party of twenty-five or thirty men being constantly kept in the field, or keep them scouting about the headwaters of the streams named above, and at times down the streams, so as to co-operate with parties from Fort Gaston, or any of the upper posts, I have no doubt but they would render more efficient aid and service in ending the Indian troubles in this district than any party yet sent after Indians has done, as in this manner the Indians could be and would be brought between two parties and find themselves entirely surrounded and compelled to surrender, or be captured or killed. This post, I think, is one if not quite the best point from which to operate against these Indians in this district, that is when they are forced to leave the upper counties. I am anxious to be doing something toward ending this Indian war in this district, and therefore respectfully and earnestly request the colonel commanding, if all all practicable, to send a re-enforcement of sixty or fifty men to this post. With that number the Indians would find that their heretofore safe hiding dens were no longer open for them.

All of which is respectfully submitted to the better judgment of the district commander.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. D. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

TERRITORY OF NEVADA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Carson City, April 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: You will pardon me for making a suggestion to you in regard to the disposition of troops in this Territory for the coming summer. I think the safety of immigration and of prospectors for minerals requires a company of cavalry to be stationed at some point north of the Humboldt in the vicinity of City Rocks. I am told food is abundant in that region. The Bannocks or Pannoke Idnains roam in that direction, together with some of the worst Pi-Utes, which renders it dangerous for immigrants and prospectors. Mineral is being discovered in that direction, many persons will go there, and I fear the

