
result will be to bring on an Indian war if there are not troops to protect them. If those who go there should kill an Indian or Indians it would bring upon us trouble that would be disastrous in its effects upon the prosperity of our Territory. The policy of the Government seems to be to encourage the development of our mineral resources as speedily as possible, and believing that the best way to do it is to protect the miners in their explorations, I make the suggestions for your consideration. This company could traverse quite a region and furnish protection to both of these classes. I know nothing of the forces at simply suggest this for the reason that the people look to me for protection, which I am anxious to afford them. If in the interlude of business pressing which is constantly being pressed upon your attention you can find time to reply, give me your views upon the subject and I shall feel grateful.

With considerations of respect and esteem, I remain, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. NYE.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., April 5, 1864.

First Lieutenant JOHN W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Reports are just received that the guard in charge of the stock at Lieutenant Waymire's camp had been attacked and their animals driven off. The lieutenant, it appears from the report, was absent with most of the command. The number of animals lost was eight. I have yet no direct or official information, and will communicate further by next mail, by which time additional and reliable information may be received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

FORT GASTON, April 6, 1864.

Honorable J. T. CAREY:

DEAR SIR: Indian Billy arrived late last evening with your note, to which I hasten to reply. Colonel Black and myself are desirous that the Indians now out in the mountains should come in, but it must be an unconditional surrender. If they deliver themselves up they will be dealt with leniently by the Government, and will be guaranteed protection from Hostler and all other Indians. If they wish to live unmolested they must submit to be governed and come to this place. No promise is made that none of them will be punished for recent outrages, but an early and bona fide submission will secure the pardon of most of them. The leading Indians can, if they choose, visit the fort in safety to make arrangements. For the interest of the country and for every reason, it is to be hoped that these Indians conclude to make peace, and that speedily. Until the result of your negotiations are known, active operations will be suspended a short time.

Your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Fort Gaston.

