
SAN FRANCISCO, April 7, 1864.

Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Drum Barracks, Los Angeles, Cal.:

Send forward balance of First Cavalry.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 7, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: The instructions given Captain Scott, commanding Fort Hoskins, with reference to intruders on Indian reservations, as set forth in your letter of the 31st ultimo, are approved by the department commander. There is no question as to power or authority in keeping off intruders from Indian reservations. The general, however, objects to subordinate officers exercising the power of arrest and confinement, without first consulting the district commander, unless the latter has anticipated the case by previously giving such instructions. In the case referred to no report of the citizen's arrest was made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 7, 1864.

Captain JOHN M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition against Indians:

(Through the Commanding Officer at Fort Dalles, Oreg.)

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs that in taking your command into the field as previously ordered, the great object is to protect the whites in mining, in the exploration and occupation of the country not included in the Indian reservations. With your transportation you will probably be able to make two circuits of sixty days each from your own wagon depot during the summer. The Snake Indians, besides their attacks and depredations on the whites at Canyon City, stole a good many horses from the Wascos last fall at the Warm Springs Reservation. You will be expected to protect them also so far as practicable, and to give them every opportunity to recover their animals. The selection of the route of travel and site for your wagon depot is left entirely to your judgment. You will arrange to return to Fort Dalles by the 15th of October next. The general enjoins great vigilance against the insidious thefts and attacks of the Snake Indians. You are authorized to send back expresses to Fort Dalles whenever you shall think proper. The general will be pleased to hear from your movements as often as you shall find it convenient.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

