HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 9, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The condition of affairs in this department is unchanged. In the District of Oregon Brigadier-General Alvord is organizing small commands to move our the country toward Snake River for the protection of settlers and emigrants approaching from the east. In the District of Humboldt, Colonel Black, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, is prosecuting vigorously the war aganst the hostile Indians, and if a reservation is set apart remote from that country I hope at an early day to send those Indians to it. In the District of Southern California quet prevails. The seventh and last company of the First Cavalry California Volunteers has marched for Arizona. In the District of Utah there is no change to report. General Connor recommends that the volunteers raised in California and now derving in Utah be discharged there at the expiration of their service. I have ordered it so done unless instructions to the contrary shall be received from the War Department. Recruiting for a regiment of infantry in Nevada Territory is progressing favorably well. If we can raise a regiment I propose to send it to Utah in the course of the summer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 9, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT MOJAVE, N. MEX.:

SIR: The chief quartermaster at these headquarters having represented the importance of having the military reservation at Fort Mojave surveyed and properly defined, so as to include the greatest amount of timber and grazing for Government purposes, the general commanding directs that you will proceed as soon after the receipt of this letter as practicable to lay off three reservations each of one mile square. The first to commence at the mouth of the ravine at the ferry landing, running back in a straight line in the direction of the hills, parallel with the river one mile; thence south (or down the river) one mile, and thence to the river. The third will be laid out on the flat opposite the fort, taking the ferry landing on the west bank of the river as its center. You will have the boundaries clearly and permanently marked at the corners and where the lines terminate on the river, after which plats of each reserve will be made and forwarded to this office. While persons will be permitted to pass through the reserves traveling from points below to points above and vice versa, under no circumstances will settlements be permitted thereon; nor will the destruction or use of the timber or grazing be permitted to any persons except for Government use, and to supply the wants of Indians, who are permitted to camp on the reserve for the present. All the land lying north or above the ravine, at the mouth of which the first reserve commences, and lying south of below the second reserve and east of the first and second (in the direction of the hills), being outside of the reservation, will not

