
be embraced in the military jurisdiction of your post. You are authorized to secure the services of a competent surveyor at a moderate compensation to run the lines and plat the resy respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, April 9, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: Colonel D. P. Thompson, by request of a number of the State officers and prominent citizens of Oregon, wishes to start about the 20th instant to survey the eastern boundary of Oregon south from the mouth of the Owyhee River. He fears he cannot accomplish the object without a military escort. The object of this letter is to learn at the earliest moment whether or not you can furnish him an escort. Captain Currey's command would please him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 9, 1864.

Colonel R. F. MAURY,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

COLONEL: The general commanding the district directs me to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 6th instant stating that "it is perfectly practicable and desirable to the Government and Indians to collect and settle all these roving tribes. * * * Considerations of humanity and economy prompt immediate steps to remedy both evils - extermination and the cost of fitting out expeditions every summer. " The general concurs fully with you in these views. The only question is the way of practically effecting the object. He expects soon to get a copy of the treaty made with the Snakes in Utah, and wsill send you a copy it. Any feasible and practicable scheme of getting the Snakes under our control will command instant attention from these headquarters. They are a roving, nomadic race. They speak the Comanche language, and are Comanches - a tribe hard to tame, not accustomed to a fixed place of abode; have no homes and no country; cannot be treaty surrender any lands, for they claim none. Such is supposed to be their condition. If placed on a reservation it is doubtful whether they would stay there. As the commanding officer at Fort Boise, the general will desire from you your views in full from time to time. Several questions would occur: Where can a reservation be found? If near Goose Lake, could it be found north of the California line? No reservation would avail if there were not troops near to look after the Indians. The general has already had a conversation on this subject with J. W. P. Huntington, esq., superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon. He will continue to confer with him on that subject, and recommend that he seek from Congress an appripriation for the subsistence of the Indians who may come in and submit.

