HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: Captain B. C. Cutler, assistant adjutant-general of the Department of New Mexico, has arrived at my headquarters with dispatches from Brigadier-General Carleton. Inclosed herewith is a copy of General Carleton's communication addressed to me on the 7th ultimo; also, general. * I have alredy reported the departure of all the companies of the First Cavalry for the Department of New Mexico. The seventh and last company has not yet reached Fort Yuma. The other six companies are far in advance of that point. To enable General Carleton to comply with the instructions he has received from the General-in-Chief, I have ordered my chief quartermaster to prepare with dispatch the thirty wagons. They will be sent forward from Southern California, laden with the articles of subsistence asked for, at the earliest moment practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 77. San Francisco, Cal., April 11, 1864.

* * * * *

6. The camp near Chico, Cal., will, as soon after the receipt of this order as practicable, be broken up and the troops garrisoning the same moved to Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, April 11, 1864.

His Excellency JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of Nevada Territory, Carson City:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellency's communication of the 5th instant in relation to the disposition of troops during the coming summer, in order to afford protection to the mining population as well as to the emigrants approaching from the eastern States. Already expeditions from the Columbia River are prepared to move from Forts Dalles and Walla Walla in a southeasterly direction across the State of Oregon to the upper waters of the Snake River; a command of cavalry will move at an early day from Fort Klamath through Southern Oregon to the Owyhee River and the southern portion of Idaho Territory. Expeditions have been prepared at Camp Douglas, near Great Salt Lake City, for the purpose of affording protection to all loyal citizens coming to this country. It is intended, as far as our limited means may allow, to give protection over all the routes leading into this country, and that leading by the "City of Rocks" and the country north of the Humboldt with not be overlooked.

---------------

*See Carleton to Wright, March 7, p. 783, and Cutler and Wright, next ante.

---------------

