
McDermit has advised the procuring of the indorsement of leading loyal citizens of Virginia. I have respectfully to say that I did not think it would lead to popular disclosures of a character calculated to place the traitors on the untreaceable alert, looking to legal conviction. That such a precautionary provisions of watchulness and defense as is here asked on the part of the military reprentatives of the Government would be approved and welcomed by our fellow-citzens in Virginiia there can be doubt. Some considerable incidental advantages, in this time of recruiting for the First Nevada Infantry Regiment, have been mentioned to me by the commanding officer at Fort churchill and will, I presume, be set forth in an accompanying letter. I shall have the honor to report myself at department headquarters during the present week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. A. SUMNER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] VIRGINIA, April 6, 1864.

Captain C. A. SUMNER:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the most reliable information that there exists in this county a secret organization of secessionists who hold periodical meetings and are evidently conspiring against the peace of the community. I wish you would come here as soon as convenient and get on the track of the infernal traitors, and try and bring their damnable plots to a summary and bloody end.

Your friend,

ALEX. W. BALDWIN.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] MEMORANDUM.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Commanding Post, Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

Isaac Anderson, of Virginia City, Nev. Ter., is approached by one A. C. Bradford, formerly of Stockton, Cal., a well-known and virulent secessionist, and invited to hjoin a secession club, of which Bradford was acting secretary or proselytizer. Bradford is understood to have recently come to the Territory. Anderson evaded the invitation and is the prime frontier. Already it is observed: The large number of secessionists in Virginia City, mostly of the legal profession, are invisible and together on certain evenings; some of them are bold in hinting that it will be of as much service to be a rebel here soon as in South Carolina, &amp;c.

Respectfully,

CHAS. A. SUMNER,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., April 11, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infty. California Vols., Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 24th ultimo, relative to the disposition of certain troops in the district under your command, the general

