
commanding desires me to say that the suggestions contained in your letter are approved, and that you are authorized to occupy such points as in your judgment may be best to accomplish the object in view. The strength of the different garrisons is left discretionary with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 11, 1864.

Captain GEORGE B. CURREY,

First Oregon Cav., Commanding Expedition against the Snake Indians:

(Through Commanding Officer at Fort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs that you will consider the object of your expedition is to protect the whites in mining, in the exploration and occupation of the country not included in the Indian reservations. Your line of travel and the selection of the site for your wagon depot are left entirely to yourself. With your transportation you will probably be able to make two circuits of nearly sixty days each from said deport. It is recommended that the first circuit shall be more westerly than the second. The latter could progably extend east of the Oregon line, and possibly protect any emigrants coming in over the more southerly road south of Snake River. The mining camps already established on the Owyhee should be protected, and it is desirable to assist the whites in traveling over that whole region west and southwest of old Fort Boise. You may probably be able to communicate with Captain Drake, who leaves Fort Dalles on the 15th instant. If the forces meet, you must of course command. It is intended that you should have eight wagons and 132 pack and riding mules. One hundred and four aparejos are ordered to be turned over to your acting assistant quartermaster. Captain Drake was recommended to make also two circuits of sixty days each from his depot, the most westerly first, but his movements may depend on events now occurring near Canyon City. The general enjoins great vigilance against the thefts and attacks (often so insidious) of the Snake Indians. Take every precaution against surprises. The Indians delight in enterprises of that nature. You are authorized to send back expresses to Fort Boise whenever you think proper. The general will be pleased to hear as often as practicable of your movemene honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

N. B. - Similar instructions were furnished Captain Drake.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 2, 1864.

Copy respectfully furnished for the information of the general commanding the Department of the Pacific. Captain Currey has been ordered to remain in the field and return to Fort Walla Walla on the 20th of October. Captain Drake to return to Fort Dalles on the 15th of October next.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

