HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Temporarily in Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., Aprilf 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers,

Commanding Fort Gaston, Cal.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the district commander to say that he leaves to-morrow for Fort Humboldt, Cal., via Iaqua, &amp;cl; that in leaving this valley now he does it with the full confidence that with the command at your disposal you will be able to prosecute the war, at least in this section, to a successful end. He relies upon your activity, energy, and zeal to conduct a campaign which will be characterized by decisive measures, to keep up scouts all over the country to the eastern limits of this district, particularly along the Trinity River and its branches, believing the best protection that can be given to settlers and his fastnesses and giving him no rest. In any combined movements which in your good judgment you may wish to make you are authorized to call upon the commanding officer of camp at Forks of Salmon for a part of his force to co-operate with you. You will see that the command at Forks of Salmon is supplied with subsistence and such quartermaster's property as may be absolutely necessary, never going beyond camp allowance as per regulations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES ULIO,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 12, 1864.

Captain J. M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition:

(Through Commanding Officer at Fort Dalles, Oreg.)

CAPTAIN: Since the instructions of the 7th instant have been written the rumors of Indian disturbance near Canyon City have reached these headquarters. The general commanding empowers you to make any deviation from the plan of operations for the summer that may in your judgment become necessary by passing events, keeping in mind the object of the expedition. Always be on guard against surprises. The Indians delight in enterprises of that nature. Lieutenant Waymire was placed under your command by Special Orders, Numbers 19, of the 23rd of February, 1864. Lieutenant Watson will also obey any orders you may thyink it advisable to give him, keeping in mind the desire to protect the Warm Springs Reservation. It may possibly by advisable at some juncture for your command and Captain Currey's to unite. Captain Currey must in that event of course command. He has to-day been ordered to start as soon as the necessary arrangements are completed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

