SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Temporarily in Camp near Fort Gaston, Cal., Numbers 17. April 12, 1864.

I. Major Thomas F. Wright, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed with his command without delay to Camp Iaqua, and upon his arrival will assume command of same. In his scouting he will be governed by Orders, Numbers 2, current series, from these headquarters, and such special instructions as he may receive from the district commander.

II. Upon the arrival of Major Wright at Camp Iaqua, Captain Charles W. Long, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, with his command will proceed without delay to Fort Gaston and report to the commanding officer of that post for duty.

III. First Lieutenant F. Geer, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, will select ten good and active men from Company A, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, as guides, and report to Major Wright for duty; these in addition to Corporal Walker and Privated Wood, Field, and Marcus, same company, to be used as packers in the quartermaster's department.

IV. Asst. Surg. Edward Phelps, Second Infantry California Volunteers, is relieved from duty at Fort Gaston, Cal., and will report to Major Wright to accompany his command to Camp Iaqua, and upon his arrival at same will relieve Surg. Jonathan Clark, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers. Upon being relieved the latter will accompany Captain Long's command to Fort Gaston, Cal., and upon his arrival at that post will report for duty to the commanding officer of the same.

V. Transportation for the above movements will be furnished from the pack train belonging to the acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Humboldt, now at Fort Gaston.

By order of Colonel Black:

JAMES ULIO,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 12, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT WALLA WALLA, WASH. TER.:

SIR: The general commanding the district directs that you will place Captain Currey's expedition on the march as soon as the necessary arrangements are completed for the transportation, &amp;c. Captain Hopkins, acting quartermaster, left here yesterday morning for The Dalles and Umatilla to effect the purchase of mules. Please notify the commanding officer at Fort Boise of the probable or intended day of departure of the command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

52 R R - VOL L, PT II

