
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 5th ultimo in which you inclose a communication from Brigadier-General Alvord, commanding the District of Oregon, and recommend the views therein expressed by General Alvord to the favorable consideration of the General-in-Chief and the War Department. General Alvord's communication relates to the exploration of the country from Lemhi (a Mormon settlement) to the Three Forks of the Upper Missouri, which was proposed by Brigadier-General Totten in November, 1863, for the present season. General Alvord recommends, for the reasons stated in his communication, that the exploration be postponed to another season. I am directed to notify you that the Secretary of War approves the views of Brigadier-General Alvord, and that the exploration will be accordingly postponed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 20. San Francisco, Cal., April 13, 1864.

I. Vessels of every description entering the harbor of San Francisco will be required to pass up the channel to the south of Alcatraz Island.

II. It is apparent to the commanding general, from the frequent wholesale condemnation of publis animals in this department, that there has not been proper care taken of this species of property, particularly to see that no improper use is made of the horses pertaining to their respective companies and that they are not taken from the stables or picket ropes except for public service or for the benefit of the animals. District commanders will make it their special duty to correct the evil alluded to.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Numbers 32. Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., April 13, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel William Jones, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will, on receipt of this order, turn over the command of the troops at the Rush Valley Reservation to Major John M. O'Neill, of the same regiment.

II. Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, upon being relieved, will repair immediately to Camp Babbitt, Visalia, Cal. Captain Stover, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation to Sacramento, Cal.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

