HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 13, 1864.

Honorable J. W. NESMITH,

Senate of United States, on Committee on Indian Affairs,

Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I desire to urge through you upon the Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate the propriety of a ratification in the main of the Nez Perce treaty recently obtained. If am modification or partial ratification is made, or ratification conditional on acceptance of modification, there are plenty of prededents, I think, for the course. From recent rumors I have been apprehensive that it was in danger of not being ratified. Not having given it special study in its minute parts, I was not posted up as to the objections, and wrote you urging its complete ratification. That tribe waited four years for a ratification of the first treaty of 1855, and why? Not because they revolted. On the contrary, they adhered faithfully to their duty and fealty. Were they rewarded they were punished like the hostiles, and their treaty was not ratified until 1859. By mismanagement they have never seen but little fulfillment of it by agents of the Government, and to crown all, their reservation two years ago was invaded by 15,000 miners in contempt of the treaty and of their sacred rights most solemnly guaranteed to them. Thus everything has been done which the fates could invent to tempt and kick these faithful allies into revolt. In October, 1862, I visited them and made them a speech in a grand council of their chiefs, in which I showed them that I noted and appreciated their past history and their present forbearance. In May, 1863, I assembled six companies at Fort Lapwai at the council which formed the new treaty. In the minority opposed to the treaty are many young men of spirit, pride, and warlike feelings. If the tribe is aggravated by a non-ratification of this treaty, I shall look with concern to the result, for the young men of the whole tribe may yet act together.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 13, 1864.

Captain W. H. JORDAN,

9th U. S. Infty., Commanding Officer Cape Disappointment, Wash. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs me to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 6th instant respecting the arrival of your command at Cape Disappointment on the previous day. The general has sent a telegram to department headquarters asking for orders concerning the building of a wharf. He has in a letter to the Military Committee in the Senate urged in strong terms the repeal of the thirty-fifth section of the act of 3rd of March, 1863, concerning extra pay. The general desires you for the present to designate your position as Cape Disappointment, Wash. Ter. The question of a name he has referred to department headquarters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

