SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 80. San Francisco, Cal., April 14, 1864.

1. Lieutenant Colonel A. A. C. Williams, Nevada Territory cavalry, will proceed to Camp Douglas and report to Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, commanding District of Utah, to command the battalion of Nevada Territory Cavalry.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 15, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding District of Arizona, Franklin, Tex.:

COLONEL: Field operations against the Apaches of Arizona must be commenced within a month. Have all your troops of all arms put into a state of preparation to this end. Have careful and systematic target practice to the extent of twenty rounds per man with musket and carbine and eighteen rounds with revolver, and have careful drills at skirmishing at least two hours a day for all troops on the river. Please send me a return of ordnance and ordnance stores on hand at date in depot at Las Cruces. Let it come by return of mail. As soon as Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett comes send him and Company K, First Cavalry California Volunteers, to Fort Craig. Colonel Brown also goes to Craig the moment he comes, agreeably to orders heretofore sent you. Pray get all your cavalry in the best possible order for the field - shoes set, other fitted, equipments carefully repaired and oiled, haversacks and canteens in good repair, hobbles or lariants and pins got in readiness, and all camp requiPAGEin your district put in perfect repair and got ready to put into wagons without an hour's delay. Precisely what companies will go is not yet determined, but have all ready. Let dresher stay at Cummings and help Whitlock about his post until further advices. That command must also be in readiness for field service. Have all your pack-saddles throughout your district and all your means of transportation put in the best possibel order for immediate service - harness oiled and repaired, wagons overhauled when practicable and put in order for a good load. Have all your water kegs put into serviceable order. Please inform me if you procured the log chains from Fort Fillmore. (See my letter of March 1, 1864.) Pleae retain the chains at Cruces if they have not already been sent forward. They will be needed elsewhere. Was Private Kerr executed according to orders and sentence? No report has been received to this effect. Please send an account of how many water-tanks you have, of their whereabouts and condition. The Apaches in Arizona are very hostile, and unless vigorous measures are pursued against them right away the miners will become panic-stricken and leave the country. As soon as certain supplies go forward an order will go down for the troops to move, and I shall myself come down, if practicable, to help organize the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE. - How many wagons can be hired below the Jornada in your district and in El Paso at ten days' notice to haul freight to a point on

