
the Gilla north of Fort Bowie to, say, the center of the great bottom of the Gilla, near the mouth of the Prieta? Please let me know as soon as practicable.

J. H. C.

[APRIL 17, 1864. - For Carleton to Lorenzo Thomas (with inclosures), relating to operations in Arizona, see Vol. XXXIV, Part III, p. 200.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 83. San Francisco, Cal., April 18, 1864.

1. Company F (Sherman's), Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed by water to La Paz, Ariz. Ter., near which place it will go into camp. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, April 18, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: I have received a copy of General Orders, Numbers 58. I saw Mr. Thompson on Saturday last and he then informed me that he had given up the expedition. I requested him to so advise you by letter, that you might countermand the order in time to have the men for other service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, April 19, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: Yours of March 3 is just received. I have studied the current of travel and development of country in the region of Idaho, and your letter has given me some very valuable information and suggestions. I shall heartily co-operate with you in trying to protect the country and encourage settlements. In conversation and correspondence with Colonel Collins, who commands in the region of Fort Laramie and Sweetwater, I have a pretty good idea of the proper overland route which ought to be opened to the mines in Idaho, and I expect an escort will be sent with the vast army of immigrants that are now passing the Mississippi and coverging toward the Platte Valley. In that way we may hope to obtain very accurate knowledge of the dangers and necessities devolving on us in that region. Your idea of a water communication, via the Yellowstone, is a new one, but it strikes me very favorably. Of course it will give facilities for moving supplies, which

