
must have great consideration in the establishment of posts. But I fear navigation will not be of much account up that river, for the Missour itself is not worth much above the Running Waters (Niobarra). However this may be, I suppose these routes werst of Minnesota will be fully explored, not only by the steam-boats of Mr. Chouteau, but by a movement sent out by General Pope, under general Sully, which moves across from Saint Paul toward the headwaters of the Yellowstone. I shall be glad to be in communication with you in relation to matters appertaining to the development of the country to which your letter refers, as it is not only a matter of great military importance, but also on interest to the whole nation in view of its onward progress. I may refer your letter for information to Washington, but I suppose your intercouse with the head of our branch of the service through your Delegate is more useful, as it is more direct and certain. I cannot give any determined answer as to what I will do, for it is not yet certain that Idaho will be a permanent part of my command, as it has never been so designated, but reports and acts with these headquarters as a convenience and sort of courtesy. It is immediately west of General Pope's department, and may, after this summer's campaign, be attached to that department. I am obliged to you for your information, and assure you again that I will co-operate with you to the utmost of my abilities.

I have the honor to be, general, your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 60. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 19, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Company E, First Washington Territory Infantry, will on its arrival at Fort Dalles repair by water to Fort Vancouver. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Santa Catalina Island, April 20, 1864.

Colonel E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quartermaster-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: In reply to my letter of the 31st of March you ask, "Can there be no easier method for getting water than that now in use? We want the best plan adopted if we can find out what that is. " The best plan, colonel, though attended with considerable expense, is to convey water in small iron pipes from the only running stream on the idland to this post. I have examined the route and believe it practicable, and so stated in my report to the commanding officer of the Southern District. I also suggested the survey of the route by a civil engineer to know th exact distance, cost, &amp;c. My estimate of the distance in riding over it is ten miles, more or less. This stream is the finest spring water, and will afford the year round a much larger quantity than will be needed. An inch pipe with a 4-inch head would be all or more than sufficient for all purposes at the post. In the meantime I am prospecting for

