
water. Am now sinking the fourth well. In one I have a sufficiency for the garrison, but it is not good for drinking; it is mineral and brackish. I have had a wagon road dug to a small valley where there is a well of water something [better] than I have near garrison. I shall dig one farther up the valley, where I am led to believe, from information derived from residents, I can find better water. If so, it can be hauled from there. I shall need a force-pump and windimill at this well. The distance being about three-quarters of a mile and having but one team for all purposes, it will not do to lose too much time in drawing water. With a windmill and pump and a small tank over the well, one team could very readily make one or two trips per day and haul a sufficient quantity and do all the work I have to do around camp. This will do, colonel, if I get water good for drinking and calinary purposes in sufficient quantities to supply the troops; otherwise the only permanent supply will be from the stream indicated. In the meantime I need two force pumps, 100 feet of pipe, and a windmil. The pumps and pipes I have asked Captain Morris for. He will be in San Francisco soon. When I get the well done I propose sinking I will write the result, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. WEST,

Captain, Fourth California Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dalles, Oreg., April 20, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in obedience to your instructions of 18th instant the command of Captain Drake left this post this morning; also the detachment of Lieutenant Watson for the Warm Springs Reservation. There are unfavorable reports from Lieutenant Waymire. I hope to receive official information, but in the meantime will use efforts to trace the present rumors to some responsible source.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Fourth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that as soon as it is definitely ascertained that boats can carry stores from Fort Yuma to Fort Mojave, a company of infantry will be sent to re-enforce the latter post. The company will be selected from those at Drum Barracks and sent overland to its destination. As soon as money is received for the purpose the Native California Cavalry companies will be mounted and sent to patrol the road east and northeast of Soda Springs, making Fort Mojave their headquarters for supply. You will instruct the quartermaster and commissary at Fort Yuma to send forward by water at the earliest day practicable stores sufficient for the

