
force it is contemplated to send to Fort Mojave, and dependent for supply on it. A cellar should be dug at the latter post in wich to store all subsistence affected by the extrem heat of that climate. It has been reported to this office that certain persons (whites) residing near Fort Mojave have on several occasions interfered with Captain Atchison in his desire to give entire protection to the settlers. You will instruct the captain that any person or persons interfering with him in the legitimate discharge of his duties or attempting to create trouble with the Indians will be arrested and confined, subject to the orders of the general commanding. This discretionary power is given the captain because of the high appreciation the general has of him both as a soldier and citizen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT GASTON, April 21, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District:

SIR: I respectfully report that since the departure of the colonel commanding the district I have had several interviews with Seranaltin John, and on one occasion with some of the Indians of Big Jim's band. I am inclined to think that the Seranaltin party will finally conlude it best to settle in Hoopa instead of availing themselves of the privilege promised by Captain Greene, that of building at Weitchpec. At the time of my last inverview with John his mind was not fully made up, but as he had found that the Klamath Indians were something averse to have the Hoopes settle among them, and as the latter really prefer their own homes, he was pretty nearly determined to return to this imemdiate vicinity, but before deciding he desired to see Big Jim. I encouraged Joyhn in the idea of fixing upon Hoopa to settle in, yet without betraying any anxiety on the subject. Each day convinces me more and more that it will be much better every way that these Indians should return to Hoopa if they can be induced to do so. The white population of Klamath and the most reliable Indians fear that the residence of the Hoopas among them will result badly; still they will acquiesce in such an arrangement if thought advisable by the military authorities. On Sunday two of Seranaltin Indians and two of Big Jim's band left here for some tributary of the Upper Trinity, promising to be back in eight days with Big Jim for a peace talk. I think Jim will return with the others at the time agreed upon. Should he not do so Seranaltin John says he will go after him, when Jim will be sure to come in. the latter part of last week I sent Charley Hostler with a party of his Indians who have been skulking about there for some time past. As I understand, these Indians formerly lived in Hoopa, but of late have deemed it necessary to keep out of theday Charley returned with the Indians he went after, about twenty in number all told, nine of them being full-grown bucks. Charley Hostler reprots that while on this trip some of his Indians saw the band led by Curly-headed Tom, and that this notorious savage was "plenty mad" at learning that the Hoopas were negotiating for peace. Tom declared that he would never come in or cease fighting the whites or their Indian allies. Curly-headed Tom is a most noted scoundrel, and has

