HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 24, 1864.

Captain GEORGE B. CURREY,

Commanding Expedition, &amp;c.:

(Via Old Fort Boise, Idaho Ter.)

CAPTAIN: The newspaper accounts of the fight of Lieutenant Waymire's party and a body of citizens with the Indians supposed to be in a position southwesterly of Harney Lake, have not yet been confirmed by any report from him; not a word has been heard from him. It seems to be advisable that you should march at once to the vicdinity of Harney Lake. This you will do unless when you reach that region you find important claims to your attention elsewhere. The accounts from Canyon City probably exaggerate the numbers of the enemy, but you should, of course, be well on your guard. The movements of Captain Drake (who started on the 20th instant) depend on events, and I cannot say whether you will be likely to meet him. You must order him to effect a junction with you whenever you think it advisable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 24, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Volunteers, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 15th ultimo, about 3 p. m., the Apache Indians of Arizona stampeded a herd of Government mules at Cow Springs, one march west of the Miembers River, and succeeded in getting off with sixty of these mules and four public horses. This could not have been done had a company of infantry which was escorting the train to which these animals belonged been on the alert, and with sentinels posted well outside of the herd which was grazing. Inclosed herewith please find a letter from Colonel George W. Bowie, commanding District of Arizona, and a letter from Captain James H. Whitlock, commanding a company in Colonel Bowie's regiment, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, wherein you will see with what handsome results these Indians were followed. Captain Whitlock, and the gallant men who accompanied him, deserve an especial notice from the War Department. A dozen or two of pursuits like Captain Whitlock's would give our troops the morale over these Ishmaelites of our deserts. Twenty-one Apache warriors left dead upon the ground and a large amount of the stock retaken are results which the War Department may consider to be creditable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARIZONA, Franklin, Tex., April 15, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find a copy of a report of Captain James H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry California Volunteers, of date the 13th instant,

