
latter two are colts and one a very small mule of Mexican scrub breed. One Government mule, referred to in the report as having been stabbed by the Indians, and one young colt were unable to travel, and were killed and left on the ground. The remainder, 43 in number, were safely brought to this camp. This stock is in very bad condition, having been run nearly to death and their hoofs worn off to the quick, but by traveling slowly and by careful management I was enabled to bring them all very tender-footed, and some of them with terribly mutilated backs will not be fit for riding in six weeks or two months.

This expedition has been made without the loss of an animal or the slightest accident of any kind, but we have suffered greatly from the wind and cold and the privations of traveling by night and camping without water, as a general rule. Of course I allowed no fires after night, even though we had to suffer from cold. On my return trip I kept a guard of thirty men constantly, myself and Lieutenant Burkett walking post the same as the enlisted men. I considered this a military necessity, in order to be very sure to prevent surprise from ambush. In connection with this report I also send a bundle of articles taken in their camp; of course not for their intrinsic value, but as a matter of curiosity. I wish to call your particular attention to the box of percussion caps. I never saw any like them before. Also the cooper slugs, being the bullets used by them in their guns. Article Numbers 1 is believed to be strychnine; article Numbers 3 is what they use for making signal smokes. We found arrow points enough (like these) to fill a peck measure; article Numbers 4 I think is galena, although it very much resembles plumbago.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. WHITLOCK,

Captain, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., April 25, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Commanding District of Arizona, Franklin, Tex.:

SIR: You are authorized to let the camp on the Miembres remain as it is until further orders. It will be a good strategic point, having reference to the approaching operations against the Apaches of Arizona. Please send some first-rate men, and have Leitzendorf's Wells enlarged and made so as to hold a larger volume of water. The troops will doubltess have to go by the Cienega de San Simon on account of a lack of water on the Steen Peak route. Have Cow Springs enlarged and carefully cleaned out without delay.

Respectfully, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SACRAMENTO, CAL., April 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

It is recommended that one regiment of cavalry, one regiment of artillery, eight regiments of infantry, and two batteries of light artillery be raised in this department.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

