
Umatilla Reservation, and acting on verbal instructions from these headquarters, detailed Captain George B. Currey, First Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, with a force of twenty men to proceed to the Grande Ronde Valley for the purpose of arresting certasin refractory Cayuse Indians who are creating a disturbance among the settlers in that valley. They claim to own the land, but it is not on the Indian reservation and theys hould be compelled to leave. He also sent a letter to Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, commanding the battalion of cavalry for the protection of the emigrant road, asking his assistance to Mr. Z. Van Orman, the brother of Alexis Van Orman, who, with his wife and oldest son, was massacred in 1860 by a portion of the Snake Indians, in the recovery of the four remaining children taken prisoners at the time of the massacre. I desire to state that Colonel Steinberger's prompt action meets my approval. Captain S. S. Marsh, Second Infantry, with his detachment of the Ninth Infantry; Asst. Surg. George Hammond, U. S. Army, and Companies A and C, of the Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, arrived at this post last evening from Fort Walla Walla. Captain Marsh will proced to San Francisco on the next steamer, expected to leave here about the 26th instant, in charge of the men of his detachment belonging to companies of the Ninth Infantry in California. Assistant Surgeon Hammond will accompany him, and also the two companies of Fourth California Volunteer Infantry, en route to Benicia, Cal.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 20, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: On the 28th of April last I assigned Bvt. Major Pinkney Lugenbeel, Ninth Infantry, to duty according to his brevet rank, subject to the approval of the War Department. I telegraphed to you on the same day asking the Department to approve of the assignment, but I have as yet received no answer. Major Lugenbeel is stationed at Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter., at which point volunteer troops have been assembled under officers of the rank of major, but without any of the necessary knowledge or experience for commanding that important post. Under these circumstances I made the assignment of Major Lugenbeel, an officer of long service and of great administrative ability, and if not inconsistent with the rules of the Departmnt I would again ask for approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 20, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Gort Walla Walla, Wash. Ter.:

COLONEL: The general commanding the district made known to you verbally, when you were here, his wishes that you should aid the

