
FORT DALLES, OREG., April 27, 1864.

General B. ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: The dispatches from Lieutenant Waymire are very interesting. He and his command acquitted themselves with credit. He will be able to give Captain Drake valuable information. The locality of the Indians, I think, is known as the Big Meadows, southeast of Harney Lake. His conclusions as regards the number of Indians I presume is as correct as any one could determine under the circumstances. In my conversations with Captain Drake I have impressed the importance of not allowing any independent organization to take the field, either whites or Indians, but if he felt the necessity for either, to have them as completely under his control and direction as his own men. I do not think there will be any necessity for them. The road over the Blue Mountains will be, I think, passable in a few days, and, if compatible with the interests of the service and your intentions in the matter, I would like to move for Fort Boise on the 2nd of May. I inclose a report of the commander of the citizens who accompanied Lieutenant Waymire. * A different version is current sustaining Lieutenant Waymire's opinion of their conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 27, 1864.

(Via Fort Boise, Idaho Ter.)

Captain GEORGE B. CURREY,

First Oregon Cav., Commanding Expedition against the Snake Indians:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that this office is in receipt of Lieutenant James A. Waymire's report of his expedition into the Indian country south and east of Canyon City. + He left Canyon City on the 19th of March, accompanied by sixty citizens; reached Harney Lake on the 5th of April instant; marched around the eastern end of the lake, two days' march, from which he encountered a large band of Indians and gave them battle; but being badly supported by citizens he was repulsed in his attack and was forced to retreat. He estimates the number of Indians engaged in the fight at about 150, possibly twice that number. The place of rencounter is southeast of Harney Lake and about thirty miles therefrom. He lost 2 soldiers and 1 citizen, and 1 soldier wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

P. S. - Please acknowledge the receipt of this and also the date of reception of the general's letter of the 25th instant.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gaston, Cal., April 28, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjt. Sixth Infty. California Vols, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the district commander that on yesterday I had an interview with the Indian Big Jim, as per previous

---------------

*Not found.

+See Part I, p. 310.

---------------

