
appointment. He came to this post to see me under my promise that he should be allowed to depart in safety after the termination of his visit. Big Jim acknowledged himself tired of living in the mountains, where he was obliged to keep moving about to avoid the troops. I told him that if the was allowed to come in with his band that he must be obedient to the officer commanding this post, and that he nor none of his people must commit further depredations; that they must build and live where directed, and never leave this valley without permission. This was agreed to with seeming cheerfulness. I also stipulated that the guns, watches, &amp;c., stolen last winter on New River and South Salmon must be delivered to me without delay. At this there was some squirming, but as I insisted the promise was made, though a few days were asked for and granted, the guns being at a point up the Trinity. Seranaltin John was present, and agreed with Jim to all I required. The latter started this morning up the Trinity for his people, and the former for Weitchpec to bring up his crowd. It is the present intention of these two parties to unite and rebuild the ranches destroyed a few months ago on the site formerly occupied by Big Jim's band, a little above and on the opposite side of the river from this post. These Indians are entirely destitute of food, and it is absolutely necessary that rations be issued to them, for the present at least. They expect it, and it is not easy to perceive how they can well observe the conditions exacted unless they are supplied with food by Government. No great quantity will be required - say half rations of bread and meat. I respectfully ask advise upon this point. These Indians have in years past been employed by the settlers on their farms and ranches, but as most of the white people have left this vicinity but a very small number of Indians can now obtain work. Many of the young bucks have also been employed with pack trains, and in that way procured clothing. As this cannot now be allowed, another source of supply is lost to them. I respectfully suggest that it would be a judicious move to set a number of young fellows at work on the road between this post and Camp Anderson, allowing rations and fair compensation for the labor performed. The road needs labor, the Indians want an opportunity to earn something, and the employment would have a salurary effect upon the Indians. All the pack-mules at this post are now employed transporting supplies to Forks of Salmon. The indications now go to show that no danger need by apprehended on the Salmon or Klamath Rivers from Indians from this vicinity, consequently the continued presence of troops may not much longer be required at either of those points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Fort Gaston.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 66. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 28, 1864.

I. The headquarters of the First Oregon Cavalry is transferred to Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., to which place Colonel R. F. Maury, commanding the regiment, with commissioned and non-commissioned staff, will repair as soon as practicable and relieve Major J. S. Rinearson, First Oregon Cavalry, in command of the post.

