HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 30, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have six companies of cavalry, Nevada Territory volunteers, mustered into service. Two of these companies I sent to Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., last October; the remaining four are at Fort Churchill. Only one of the companies at Churchill have been mounted. My design was to send all the Nevada cavalry to Utah, but the treatening aspect of our foreign relations, indicating the propriety of my holding all my available force well in hand and prepared for concentration on the Pacific Coast, has caused me to hesitate until the policy of my Government is known. In consequence of the enormous cost of forage at Fort Churchill, I have suspended the purchase of horses for mounting the three cavalry companies now there until their destination is determined on. Under the call I made on the Governor of Nevada Territory for a regiment of infantry, 200 men have been enrolled; they are at Fort Churchill. The Governor is quite confident of his ability to complete the organization of the regiment. During the quiet and peaceful times on this coast we cannot expect to raise many volunteers, but if we should have a foreign war there will be no lack of men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, April 30, 1864.

General BIDWELL, Chico, Cal.:

GENERAL: I have this day received your letter of the 26th instant, with a petition of citizens of Humboldt, Surprise Valley, Snake Creek Valley, Honey Lake Valley, and vicinity, for military protection. Before I ordered the withdrawal of the detachment at Snake Creek I was fully satisfied, from the representations made to me, that there existed no longer a necessity for its continuance in that quarter. My plan is to concentrate my forces as much as possible, to be prepared to meet any emergency in this State. It is not designed, however, to abandon any portion of the country to the depredations of the Indians. As soon as a cavalry company can be prepared for service at Fort Churchill, I will send it over the entire region referred to, to remain at the most exposed points as long as may be necessary. I deem it better to perform this service by movable troops than establish permanent garrisons. I will thank you to inform the petitioners that I shall see that their country is not devastated by Indian raids.

With great respect, I am, general, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., April 30, 1864.

Captain J. M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cav., Commanding Expedition, &amp;c., Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that the report of Lieutenant J. A. Waymire, commanding detachment of Com-

53 R R - VOL L, PT II

