
pany D, First Oregon Cavalry, has been received. * His report and the testimony of the citizens who accompanied him indicate that his conduct was cool and gallant in the fight as it was adventurous in the whole enterprise, and no doubt his knowledge gained in the enemy's country will be valuable to you, but it was never intended that he should anticipate you in the campaign.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Numbers 40. Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., April 30, 1864.

I. Captain Smith's company (K), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on Tuesday next, the 3rd proximo, via Camp Douglas, to scour the country in the vicinity of Raft River, City of Rocks, the Port Neuf River, and Fort Hall, in Idaho Territory, in search of five lodges of hostile Shoshone Indians, who failed to attend the treaties of last year, and who have lately been committing depredations on emigrants en route to Idaho, and if found they will be punished. The peaceable Indians in the northern settlements and in the vicinity of the ferries on Snake River, east of Fort Hall, will not be molested. The company will take three month's rations and will return and report to these headquarters on or about the 31st day of July next, unless otherwise ordered.

II. Captain Baldwin's company (B), Nevada Territory cavalry, will proceed on Tuesday next, via Camp Douglas, to Uintah Valley in this Territory, for the protection of miners and exploration of the resources of the valley. The company will take three months' rations and proceed to and report to the commanding officer of Fort Bridger for duty on or about the 31st of July next, unless otherwise ordered.

III. Captain Berry's company (A), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on Saturday next south to what is known as the Beaver and Reese River road, and will scour the country between Cedar Swamp and the newly discovered silver mines in Washington County, Utah Ter., for the protection of miners and exploration of the resources of the country. The company will take ninety days' rations and report on or about the 31st day of July next to the commanding officer Second Cavalry California Volunteers, unless otherwise ordered.

IV. More specific instructions will be issued to company commanders from these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary teams for transportation.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Sacramento, Cal.:

The Secretary of War directs me to inquire what emergency requires the raising of more troops in your department than those already authorized.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 310.

---------------

