
INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., May 1, 1864.

General J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I leave to-morrow for Apache Pass, and thence for the Gila country as soon as possible. I am advised from California that stores would be shipped to Guaymas for Arizona about this date; perhaps they are now en route thither. I have directed a contract to be made this day with J. A. Rogers, of this place, for their transportation to Tucson at 6 1/2 cents per pound, payable in gold or its equivalent, payment to be made on delivery of the stores. Fifty to seventy-five tons are expected. Capron's contract was not completed, the stores having already been shipped for Fort Yuma. He is now in Sonora. The commanding officer at Yuma writes me that as soon as the Colorado River rises they will forward supplies to Fort Mojave, which is reported in a destitute condition. This seems a strong argument for our not bringing stores from San Pedro via Fort Mojave. Add to this the bad road thence to our posts east of it. I suggest the appointment of an agent for purchasing wheat of the Pima and Maricopoa Indians, as their new crop comes in. Company F, First California Cavalry, left Fort Yuma on the 15th ultimo. Should be here soon. It had rations and forage for thirty days, with ten wagons. Company I, same regiment, was to have left one week later with nine wagons; supplies for like period. Captain Cremony left for Yuma the 26th ultimo. He left the larger portion of his carbines, pistols, and ammunition here, as you desired. Five thousand carbine cartridges are coming with Company F, as I requested. This company will proceed for the Rio Grande. * * January

King Woolsey and party have killed thirty-one Apaches. Jack Swilling thinks of leaving May 10 with some sixty men, and Woolsey again with some forty or fifty against them, if they can get provisions. The Apaches are active. Stock is stolen near this place. Two nights since five Government animals were stolen by them from the corral.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

[MAY 1, 1864. - For General Orders, Numbers 12, Department of New Mexico, organizing expedition against hostile Indians in Arizona, see Vol. XXXIV, Part III, p. 387.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 24. Franklin, Tex., May 1, 1864.

I. Company I, Fifth California Volunteers, is hereby ordered for service in the field, and directed to rendezvous at Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, by the 6th instant, where they will report to the commanding officer for further orders.

II. A detachment of one non-commissioned officer and ten privates of Company C, First California Cavalry, stationed at Camp Miembres, will proceed with Company I, Fifth California Infantry, to Fort Bowie, Apache Pass, and there await further orders.

III. Each man will be provided with sixty rounds of ammunition, in good order, and one pair of good boots or bootees. The cavalry will take a few extra horseshoes and some nails.

