
Maury or any other source information of value to this office in relation to these Indians I request that it be communicated.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PERIT HUNTINGTON,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon.

[Inclosure.] NOTICE OF INDIAN RESERVATION.

In accordance with instructions issued by J. W. Perit Huntington, superintendent of Indian affairs for the State of Oregon, that a tract of country be set apart as a reservation for Indians, and notice thereof published to the end that white settlers may be prevented from tres-passing upon the same, I have slected for such reservation the following-described tract or body of land, to wit: Commencing at a point on the line dividing the State of Oregon from California, due south from the outler or lower end of lower Klamath Lake, on the west side thereof, running thence due north sixty miles; thence due east twenty-five miles; thence due south sixty miles, to south boundary of Oregon; beginning, containing 1,500 square miles. All lands included within the above-mentioned bounds are hereby set apart and declared a reservation for Indians, and all persons other than Indians are hereby warned against trespassing upon the same.

AMOS E. ROGERS,

U. S. Indian Sub-agent in Oregon.

Dated November 24, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 2, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The general condition of affairs in this department remains unchanged. Recruiting progresses as favorably as could be expected; the troops are in good health and judiciously posted for the preservation of the peace and quiet of the land. The progreamme for the movable columns during the summer for the protection of immingrants from the eastern States is as follows: Troops from the District of Oregon to move from Forts Dalles and Walla Walla, to be advanced southeasterly to the upper waters of the Snake River. Troops from the District of Utah will afford protection along the great thoroughfares through that Territory and Southern Idaho. A command from Fort Klamath will move in an easterly direction over Southern Oregon to the Owyhee River and the southern portion of Idaho Territory; and a command from Fort Churchill will move northward and scout in the vicinity of Lakes Pyramid, Humboldt, and Honey, affording protection along the Humboldt route. This arrangement will afford ample protection to the settlements within our borders as well as to the immigrants approaching from the east. The remaining troops in the department are so posted as to preserve the peace and quiet of the country, whether threatened by rebel sympthazers within or foes from without. I have lately visited and inspected the works in progress on Angel Island and at Point San Jose. The heavy guns from the batteries are being mounted, affording increased security to the harbor of San Francisco.

