
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., May 3, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 1st received. No pressing emergency exists; prudential considerations induced the request. See my letters of 14th and 28th of March.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 3, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance Dept., U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am advised that an officer of your department will reach this coast in a few days and relieve Captain Julian McAllister in command of Benicia Arsenal. Captain McAllister has been in command of the arsenal, and the only officer of the ordnance department on this coast, for several years. His duties have been arduous and responsible, and I take great pleasure in bearing testimony to the zeal, ability, and faithfulness he has manifested in the discharge of the important trust committed to him. As a devoted and able officer, ever watchful over the best interests of the public service, he is an ornament to your department, and will fill any position you may assign him with credit to himself and the Government.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 3, 1864.

Captain JULIAN McALLISTER,

Ordnance Department, U. S. Army, Commanding Benicia Arsenal:

MY DEAR SIR: As you will soon be relieved from duty in this department, I cannot part will you without expressing my highest commendation of the valuable services you have rendered the Government in the management of the affairs of the ordnance department on this coast. Your zeal and ability are well known to General Ramsay; yet I have deemed this a fitting occasion to address a communication to the general, officially recongnizing and commending your services in recur with pleasure to the period of your services under my command, which, both officially and personally, has been characterized by the amenities of the soldier and gentlemen.

With great esteem, very truly, your friend,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, May 4, 1864.

Brigadier General G. WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 3rd instant, asking my opinion as to the necessity of arming the

