
Indian Department in reuqiring the Indians to reside on the Umatilla Revervation so as not to interfee with the white settlers, and he approved entirely (as before communicated) of your prompt action in reference to the Indians at the Grande Ronde. Of course, proper discretion will always be exercised in reference to the visits at the right season of the Indians to places outside of their reservation for the purpose of fishing, hunting, and digging roots-that privilege being especially reserved to them by treaty. Herewith, I inclose to you a copy of instructions issued to-day to the officer commanding the detachment at the Umatilla Agency, directing him to obey your instructions whenever you shall think proper to give him any orders. I also inclose a description of the boundaries of the Umatilla Reservation as given in the treaty concluded June 9, 1855, and ratified by the Senate on the 8th of March, 1859. *

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infty., U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter., August 20, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Umatilla Reservation:

SIR: The general commanding the district desires me to say that whenever the commanding officer at Fort Walla Walla shall think it desirable to give you any instructions, you are hereby directed to obey them. Besides the protection of the agency the chief object of your being placed there is to assist the Indian Department in reuqiring the Indians to reside upon the reservation so as not to disturb any settlement by the whites outside of the reservation. Of course, proper discretion will always be exercised in reference to the visits at the right season of the Indians to placed outside of their reservation for the purpose of fishing, hunting, and digging roots-privilege being especially [reserved] to them by treaty.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FREDERICK MEARS,

First Lieutenant, Ninth Infty., U. S. Army, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Numbers 7. Camp Numbers 21, Cold Springs, Nev. Ter., August 20, 1862.

I. In pursuance of instructions from department headquarters Colonel Columbus Sims, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, is hereby directed to turn over his command to Major McGarry, of same regiment.

II. Colonel Sims will remain at Fort Churchill and await further orders, but will not relieve Major McDermit in command at that post.

By order of P. Edw. Connor, colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers, commanding district:

JAS. W. STILLMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

