
organized militia of the State. In reply I would say that in my judgment it has been and still is of the utmost importance that in the present troublous times the militia of California should be placed in the greatest possibel state of efficiency to meet possible (I hope not probable) complications and troubles. The loyal people of the State have shown commedable zeal in the way of organizing the militia, but in order to give it any efficiency ind drill and discipline the companies must be supplied with arms. Being so far remote from the point or points where arms could be obtained, the State authorities have been obliged to rely solely on the United States for a supply. Being aware of this fact I obtained an order from the Secretary of War in March, 1863, ordering 10,000 rifles and accounterments, and six field batteries to be shipped to California for the purpose of arming the militia of the State. The distribution of arms having been left to your good judgment, I have only to say that so far as you have acted in the premises you have turned over to the State only so many as have been absolutely necessary. Indeed the number has really been inadequate; so much so that I have been obliged to cut down the requisitions of the several companies in nearly every instance, to the end that the arms might supply as many military organizations as possible.

Truly, yours,

FREDERICK F. LOW,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 4, 1864.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second Cav. California Vols., Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

SIR: The general commanding desiredetail of two reliable commissioned officers and thirty enlisted men as a provost guard to be stationed in Virginia City. You will, previous to sending the guard to Virginia, proceed to that point yourself and confer with Captain Van Bokkelen, assistant provost-marshal, as to the locality and manner of quartering the men and officers. All the necessary arrangements will be made before the force is sent to Virginia. You will instruct the officer in command of the guard to consult freely with Captainh Van Bokkelen on all matters relating to the peace and quiet of the Territory, and to act in concert with the captain and any force at his disposal.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 6, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infty. California Vols., Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 22nd ultimo, stating the impracticability of relieving Captain Douglas' company at Camp Wright by another, I am instructed to say that the statement contained in your letter showing that injury might result from a change at this time is satisfactory to the general commanding. The instructions contained in the letter from this office of the 2nd ultimo are therefore revoked.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

