
FORT GASTON, CAL., May 12, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Captain Miller, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, commanding Company C, with his entire command, except First Lieutenant Watson and Sergeant Ipson, started this day under my orders to proceed up the Trinity River to vicinity of Burnt Ranch to operate against Indians of Main Trinity, South Fork, and New Rivers, &amp;c., where the remnant of Jim's party is at present. This movement takes all the Government pack animals at this post, and I have directed the battalion quartermaster to hire a citizen pack train to take supplies to the Forks of Salmon and Orleans Bar. By my directions the battalion quartermaster has turned over to Captain Miller five pack animals for scouting purposes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Fort Gaston.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gaston, Cal., May 12, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Volunteer Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Humboldt:

SIR: For the information of the district commander I respectfully report that Seranaltin John and Big Jim are living with their Indians at the old Militia Ranch, above this post and on the opposite side of the river. As near as I can find out, all but one of John's band are in, while several yet remain out of Jim's party. the last two or three days they have seemed a little restive and unsettled. On Sunday John and Jim called to see me, bringing in two of the rifles taken at the forks of Salmon and a gold watch. At that time they seemed to think of nothing but building their houses, a fish dam, &c., though they had much to say of what they were promised by Captain Greene, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry. They say they were to have lumber and all other things furnished which they wanted. I satisfied them as well as possible, and encouraged them to go to work and make themselves confortable, and that I would assist them. They promised two more rifles, which I yet expect. Two days ago I visited the ranches, but the Indians did not seem very well satisfied or friendly. This morning I learn that JIm was trying yesterday to have a white man purchase fifty canteens, for which he would pay $2 each. He was secret about the arrangement, saying he expected to be high in the mountains some [time] next fall and would need them. A suspicious circumstances. the last news from that portion of Jim's party which refuse to come in is that they intend to do as they please, asking no one. They ae mos tlikely in communication with the Mad River and Redwood Indians, and are together endeavoring to induce John and Jim to join them again. this, in addition tow hat they hear and conjecture, keeps them more or less unsettled. This morning I had information that a party of Redwoods were on the Klamath River, near Weitchpec, on the 10th instant, and that they killed three Indians - two bucks and one squaw. The Klamath Indians say the Redwoods told them they would kill all that were friends of or had anuthing to do with the soldiers. I expect a delegation of Klamaths up this evening to see about it and get permission to fight the

