
[Inclosure Numbers 3.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., May 11, 1864.

Captain N. BALDWIN,

First Nevada Territory Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Expedition:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed with your company to-morrow by way of Parley's Park to Uintah Valley, in this Territory, and at some central point establish a temporary depot for your supplies, after which you will return to this post the four teams with your command, driven by citizens. You will afford ample protection to prospectors and miners, and the Indians in that valley being all friendly, they will be treated with kindness by your command. You will cause the valley and vicinity to be thoroughly prospected by your men, and will report from time to time the result to this office. The discovery of placer mines is of especial importance. You will therefore devote the most of your attention to their discovery. You will proceed to Fort Bridger, Utah Ter., by the way of Brown's Hole, on Green River, and report to the commanding officer of that post for duty on or about the 1st day of August next.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 16, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: This department is quiet, but you are aware that there is on this coast a powerful opposition to the present Administration, claiming to be Union men, yet doing all in their power to thwart the Government in the prosecution of the war. A large majority of these people, however, are truly loyal and will support the Government zealously and earnestly so long as a rebel remains under arms. The political status of California was fixed at the September election. The struggle will be renewed at the approaching election of a President, but I have no fears as to the result. The war policy of the Administration will be sustained by an overwhelming majority. We must expect some excitement and sensation articles and speeches during this political campaign, but I have no apprehension of any serious attempts on the part of the opposition to involve this country in a war. Looking at the present condition of the States of the Pacific I am well satisfied with the policy I have followed, notwithstanding it has been too conservative to meet the views of a radical minority, yet it has been fully indorsed by the sensible portion of the community. Were I to be guided by the dicates of the radical press I should crowd my forts with men charged with disloyalty, keep this country in a constant ferment, agitate desprate efforts to plunge us into all the horrors of a civil war, and all simply to gratify the caprices of a few men who advocate such extreme measures. I have made many arrests for disloyal practices, and have several persons now in confinement, and should circumstances demand it I shall not hesitate to use all the power I have for the preservation of the peace; but I will not be goaded on to do acts which I know to be wrong. These radicals seem to believe that it is my special duty to arrest every man or woman whose sentiments do not coincide exactly with the Government, and if I do not yield to their insame demands, denounce me as a sympathizer

