
with the rebellion, but I am not at all disturbed by such accusations. For three years past I have labored intensely for my country, and although not permitted to risk my life on the battle field I can point with pride to the happy and peaceful condition of the Pacific Coast, and if the prudential course I have pursued has contributed to this great result I shall be more than repair.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 16, 1864.

Captain A. MILLER,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers,

Commanding at Burnt Ranch:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the lieutenant-colonel commanding to say that he approves of your action with the Indians at the South Fork of Trinity River. Under the circumstances, nothing better could have been done. The Indians sent in say they are satisfied to live in the valley, and have received permission from the lieutenant-colonel to return for their families and Handsome Billy. You will allow them an opportunity to accomplish this object, after which you will watch and catch all found in your neighborhood.

By order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Battl. Mountaineers, California Vols.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 110. San Francisco, Cal., May 17, 1864.

* * * * *

4. Special Orders, Numbers 100, current series, is hereby modified so as to authorize transportation by water for the unmounted men of Company I, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, from Benicia to Sacramento.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. PROVOST-MARSHAL, NEVADA TERRITORY,

Virginia, Nev. Ter., May 17, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: In connection with my reports upon papers referred relative to secret secession organization in Virginia City, Storey County, I take the liberty of presenting for your consideration the following as my views of the position of this Territory, and more particularly Storey County, as regards the numerous secessionists residing therein.

For the past twelve months there has been a very large and continuous emigration of the most influential secessionists of California to this Territory, the majority locating in this county, the others chiefly locating at Reese River and more recently in the country of Nye. From

