
data and notes compiled by myself and observed for past two years at this date there are not less than 2,400 "Peace Democrats," "Copper-heads," and openly avowed secessionists in Storey County, all of whom are engaged in one common cause. That some well-established sign of recognition and a record of their own numbers is observed, if not also clandestine meetings in squads, I have strong reason to believe, but cannot assert it as a fact, for the evidence whichw ould guarantee such assertion would also authorize prompt arrest and public exposure. I doubt not but that if I had under my orders a special detective officer of known ability, who was an entire stranger (in that capacity) to the community, that within two months many important discoveries could be made, as I am of opinion that the headquarters of the conclave of secessionists have been tranferred to this locality. The fact of the leading secessionists being large owners in our most productive mines is one reason why I do not believe that any foolish and vain attempt at public disturbance of peace would be made by them, as they are well aware that any over act would seriously impair the value of their property. Were it not for this well-established fact this community would be in such a constant state of excitement as to require a large military force present all the time. They are now by subtle words endeavoring to poison the minds of the working class against the United States Government by statements relative to the lately reported action of Congress upon the subject of taxation of the mines. Amongst the citizens who possess and control property society is divided into two distinct circles of association, unionists and secessionists, and upon any public demonstration of disloyalty the balance of power would be in the hands of the working class, who are too apt to be misled by the sophistry of the ever-working brain of the rebels, and who to a very large extent give them employment.

The secessionists are guilty, under hypocritically proclaimed Union sentiments, of obtaining possession of the various offices in the counties of the Territory and dispensing the patronage of same to their associates. A strong effort will be made by them this summer to carry the elections for all offices for this and other counties. They lose no opportunity of discussing and expressing their doubts as to the ability of General Grant to defeat Lee, and are very open and boisterous at times in their remarks upon adn denunciation of the United States Government, and frequently by their insulting language upon the streets make good Union men fear for the future security of this place should any decided reverse befall the Federal army. That the establishing and maintaining of a proper military guard at this point is not only desired by the Union citizens but will be attended with the most positive and beneficial results is beyond question. It will have a tendency to check public and noisy declaratiosn against the Government, as they will know prompt arrests await them for such offenses. I am compelled to state that arrests have been made of very low and drunken characters for seditious remarks, while those high in position and wealth have been passed by unnoticed for more serious offenses, by some of the officers who hold warrants for raising companies in this Territory, but who have not yet been mustered into the service. These arrests are made on very frivolous causes and, as far as I can learn, without any previous proper authority from the department headquarters. Such acts only give to the educated and artful secessionists arguments to present to the working class that the Government dare not arrest men of influence and wealth, but only those who are workingmen and poor. I attribute the evil to an overzealousness and misconception of their duty by the

