HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Numbers 21, Cold Springs, August 21, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inlcose to you a copy of District Orders, Numbers 7. * I desire also to suggest that it would not be advisable, or even safe, to send Captain Moore's battalion on this route with less than twenty wagons. I take pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of your dispatch in relation to Doctors Williamson and Furley. You will please have all letters for myself and command directed to Fort Chirchill until I arrive at Salt Lake, as I send a mail bag to Carson City every other day. I desire that you will communicate with me as to whether I shall leave Assistant Surgeon Kirkpatrick with Lieutenant-Colonel Pollock at Ruby Valley. I am also pleased to add that the command is in good health and spirits.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Babbitt for his information and opinion.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

SETPEMBER 4, 1862.

I can furnish the command under Captain Moore with seventeen wagons, an ambulance, and a traveling forge. I think that number of wagons will prove sufficient, as they have no mounted force for which to transport forag over any part of the route.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. B. BABBITT,

Deputy Quartermaster-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 21, 1862.

Colonel FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Second Infty. California Vols., Commanding District of Humboldt:

SIR: After the Indians have been moved to the reservation north of Smith's Riverthe general commanding the department desires you to place two companies of infantry between the reservation and Crescent City. This will prevent any molestation on the part of the whites and yet be a good position from which to act against these tribes should they commence hostilities. Major Curtis will be detailed to command the troops assigned to this duty. As there seems to be some excitement in that quarter regarding the establishment of the reservation and the conduct of certain white men, the general desires you to give the major special instructions on matters requiring his action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

