
and he thinks they were all secessionists. It is all surmise on the part of Anderson. This Isaac Anderson informs me that he is a candidate for office of sheriff of Storey County at election to take place this summer, and does not want to say anything which would injure him in votes for that office with the "Coperheads. " Claims to be a strict Union man. In view of the foregoing result of examination into this particular statement contained in the document referred [to], I must report that the same is not sustained by any evidence furnished me by the parties presenting the same to headquarters of Department of the Pacific; nor have I yet been able to discover any such club or organization.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JACOB L. VAN BOKKELEN,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, District of Nevada Territory.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., May 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of a letter from headquarters Department of the Pacific, dated the 14th instant, the contents of which have been carefully noted. In reply I would respectfully state that I deem it best for the interest of the service, and necessary for our future success, to continue the issue of rations to Indian prisoners of war at Light-House Point, as has been done before and since my arrival in this district. I may also say I fully believe it is economy to do so. As to converring with superintendent of Indian affairs I must say it is impossible for me so to do, at least at present, as he is not in this section of the country, nor do I know of his whereabouts, but understand he was in San Francisco from last account. I deem it my duty to say to department commander that it would be worse than useless to remove our Indian prisoners to any of them, but be sure to return to their old haunts and country, as they have done theretofore, and cause us to hunt and fight them under many more disadvantages than at present, and by this course the war in the district never can be ended until all are caught and killed. I believe the present superintendent, Mr. Wiley, is fully aware of all these facts, and I should be very glad if by any means the department commander could see him upon this subject whilst he is in San Francisco. I shall use my best endeavors to carry out at all times the views and wishes of the department commander.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 201. Washington, May 21, 1864.

Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Volunteers, is, by direction of the President, assigned to the command of the Department of the Pacific; headquarters, San Francisco, Cal.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

