HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 20, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 10th instant with a copy of General Wright's letter of the 2nd instant to the Adjutant-General concerning the protection to be given the emigrants approaching from the east. I desire to remind you of the language of my letter of the 20th of February proposing a programme for the summer, since approved by the department commander in your letter of 5th of March, 1864. I said: "Captain M. Crawford, assistant quartermaster, has been ordered to Washington, and I suppose will some out again from Omaha, Nebr., with an emigrant escort upon the emigrant road. For that reason, and also because the road has not been infested, I do not propose to send any troops east of Fort Boise upon the emigrant road. " The law authorizing this has since passed, and I am informed that Captain Crawford is to leave Omaha on the 1st of June. I have also instructed Captain Currey in the instructions of the 11th of April (a copy of which was sent you) to make his latest movements in the fall up Snake River toward the emigrant road; but as you will have noticed by my programme of the 20th February, Captain Currey on leaving old Fort Boise moves westerly and southwesterly, the Snake Indians having for the last eight months made their demonstrations against the miners and whites traveling in that region. My letter of the 29th of April gave you an account of the skirmish between Lieutenant Waymire, of the Oregon cavalry, and the Snakes. The citizens of Canyon City have petitioned Governor Gibbs to call out the militia of that vicinity against the Snakes. The Governosr as well as myself deems them unnecessary. But by Special Orders, Numbers 70, of the 6th instant, I directed as follows: "The command of Captain Drake will proceed to the northeastern end of Harney Lake and effect a junction with the force of Captain Currey, First Oregon Cavalry, who will command the whole force. Captain Currey will decide when the two commands shall again separate. " This united command will amount to more than 200 troops, and should be ample for the purpose of whipping the Snakes. I confidently anticipate Captain Curreyficient service in that quarter. The Snakes have been very bold, and stolen several hundred animals from the vicinity of Canyon City, and also from the miners on the Owyhee south of old Fort Boise. Twenty-five cavalry at the Warm Springs Reservation are not only protecting that reservation, but assist in guarding the communications of Captain Drake and to Canyon City.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

Salem, Oreg., May 20, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

SIR: A small band of Indians have been for some years living in the mountains west and southwest of Umpqua Valley. They seldom visit the white settlements, and when theyt do so it is for the purpose of committing some depredation or petty theft. On the 22nd day of April last

