
they attacked a Mrs. Doyle and her children, severely wounding them all, the former quite severely, and plundered the house of everything movable. They then fled to their hiding places in the mountains and have not been seen since. Much alarm is felt among the settlers of that part of the country, and with good reason, for if a depredation of that character can be committed within seven miles of Roseburg, no place in the valley can be considered secure from attack. I am not able to state certainly what number of Indians there are in the gang, but Mr. Nichols, whom I believe you know, and whom I think likely to be well informed, thinks there are only seven men and about and equal number of squaws and children. He also says that their usual range is from the headwaters of Coquille to the big bend of Rougue River, sometimes showing themselves at the settlements in Camas Prairie, on Cow Creek (where Nichols and Riddle reside), and at other places west of the South Umpqua River. It seems necessary in order to secure the peace of that section of country that these Indians be removed, and I therefore have to request that you send a sufficient force for that purpose at as early a day as practicable. You will find in the Oregon Statesman of the 2nd instant an account of the recent depredation, which information from other sources indicates is substantially correct, except that it is not probable that these Indians have ever been upon any of the reservations.

I remtfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. PERIT HUNTINGTON,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 21, 1864.

Colonel H. M. BLACK,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 18th instant relative to subsisting Indians captured in the District of Humboldt, and am instructed by the general commanding to say in reply that you will retain the Indians in your possession as prisoners and feed them as economically as possible until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 21, 1864.

Lieutenant E. HALE,

First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers,

Commanding Detachment at Orleans Bar:

SIR: The Indian known as Old Man Jim, of Weithchpec, was killed a few days ago by some other Weitchepecs, and I desire to have them arrested if it can be done without creating too much excitement. Of this you must judge and manage the matter discreetly. There were, I am informed, three Indians engaged in the murder of Jim, but I do not know how many friends they may have among the Klamath Indians. Jim was more or less in the service of the United States, and the Indians must be taught that they cannot molest those in Government service, even though they be Indians. I have written to Sheriff Brown

