
asking him to advise with you, and that you would co-operate. If he is willing he can do more, perhaps, by taking time, than soldiers, as he will not be suspected and has much influence with the Klamath Indians. In the management of this matter you will be cautious and quiet.

Respectfully, yours,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Fort Gaston.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 21, 1864.

T. M. BROWN, Esq.,

Sheriff of Klamath County:

DEAR SIR: The Weitchpec Indians are much excited as to the murder of Old Man Jim, and look upon you as their and his particular friend. Sosamith and To desire to consult with you in regard to the matter. I think the three Indians that killed Jim are bad fellows, and better out of the way, and shall be glad if you will co-operate with Lieutenant Hale in catching them. The county need be put to ne expense in their trial, as they be disposed of quietly, once delivered into my hands at this place. The matter must be managed very quietly and without haste, but from your position and influence with the Klamath Indians your assistance is necessary. If you think well I will reimburse you in expense of travel, &amp;c. Please show this letter to Lieutenant Hale, and advise with him if you feel favorable.

Very respectfully, yours,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fort Gaston.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 24, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Volunteer Infantry,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Humboldt:

SIR: As promised, Big Jim has returned with Handsome Billy and some of the others. All have not yet got here, though the word is that they are coming. My instructions to Captain Miller, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, will, I think, hasten their movements or rid us of them altogether. Jim declares they shall come in or he will assist to take them, for he wants peace, and a few Indians shall not keep the balance in trouble. Of late Big Jim and party seem more contect and evicne a better disposition than a few weeks ago. It is probable that the presence of Company C, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, on the Upper Trinity, has a good effect upon them. Jim talks just right now and seems honest. He says he is trying to have the Redwoods and all others sue for peace, though, like all the rest, he cannot be fully relied upon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.

Commanding Post.

