HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, May 25, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication adressed to the Honorable Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of War, by the Honorable J. P. Usher, Secretary of the Interior, dated April 8, 1864, inclosing "correspondence between the superintendent of Oregon Indian superintendency and the Indian Department in relation to trespassers upon the Indian reservations in that State. " In accordance with the instructions contained in your indorsement, dated April 23, I have given orders to the commander of the District of Oregon to carry out the directions of the Secretary of War, dated April 19. I have always employed the military forces under my command to remove trespassers upon Indian reservations when so requested by the superintendent, ocnsidering it my special duty, without reference to higher authority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

FORT GASTON, CAL., May 25, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES ULIO,

Adjutant Sixth California Volunteer Infantry,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District:

SIR: I respectfully report to the district commander that I have just had an interview with three Redwood Indians of Curly-headed Tom's party, brought about through Big Jim. These Indians say they are tired of fighting; that they have no home, no place of safety; that they want to be friends with the whites, and settle again where they formerly lived. They state that there are byt ten bucks left of their band, and but few squaws and children. It is their desire, earnestly expressed, to rebuild on their old site, known as the Sweat House, a mile or two above Camp Anderson, on Redwood Creek. I spoke of their coming here, or going to some point to be designated by the district commander, but they clung to the idea of again living where they were born. They brought up the old story of the treachery which was used to get them in by General Kibbe several years ago when they were removed to Mendocino Reservaion, and that they had concluded never again to believe a white man, but that they now know that General Kille and party were not soldiers, and that they think they may believe what is said to them by military officers. My reply was that I could not promiese them an affirmative answer to their wish to settle on Redwood until I could communicate with the colonel commanding and obtain his views. They pressed my opinion as to what the colonel would say, and I told them I thought he would consent, but that no promiese could be given without his athority. Big Jim was with these Indians, and seemed anxious that peace should be ratified. He and the Redwoods say that there is no doubt but the Grouse Creek, Mad River, and other Indians will al come in soon if it is desired, and that they will work for it. The understanding I have with the Redwoods is that these three messengers are to remain with Jim until the colonel is heard from, when, if he consents, Lieutenant Beckwith with a few men and Big Jim will go with them for the balance of the party

