
by an immense majority. In counties where there is a likelihood of an equal race some challenging of votes and some collisions may occur. I will telegraph you if anything should occur, but the telegraph wires would in all likelihood be cut if any mischief is brewing. You will not be surprised if you hear of ringleaders being sent by me to Alcatraz Island, there being no safe place here to keep them. If General Grant's successes with the Army of the Potomac continue, I think we shall hear of no serious trouble in Oregon. Any reverses he may encounter may be a watchword with those insane, rabid people. There is an immense preponderance of the people of this military district in favor of the flag-unconditionally for the Union, now and forever. Upon this sentiment I shall confidently rely in any contingencies which may occur. Besides the above-named reasons for bringing another company here, there are Indian troubles which I shall bring to your attention in another communication; particularly a demand made by the Indian Department (and refused) for the surrender of the murderers of a white man by the Quillehute tribe north of Gray's Harbor, Wash. Ter. The Indian agent asks for a command of 100 or 150 soldiers for that undetaking. When I am better informed on the subject after the election I will write you in full on that topic.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTEICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 30, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Salem, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: I have to acknowledge the recrption of your letter of the 22nd instant from Yoncalla, marked private, and I have carefully noted the contents. I have ordered a company hither from Fort Walla Walla. I went to Portland and showed your letter to the mayour of the city, Henry Failing, and to Colonel J. McCraken, who is the senior officer of the militia present, General S. Coffin having gone to the Grand Ronde, Baker County. All proper vigilance will be practiced by them. I have notified the commanding officers at Forts Yamhill and Hoskins to be on their guard and to keep at their posts on the day election. Some of the citizens of the neighborhood in Polk County talk of asking that some of the military shall be at Dalles on election day to preserve order. I have, on the contrary, required the soldiers to keep at their posts on that day. Being California troops, their presence would only be an element of trouble. I will go over Saturday afternoon to Portland and remain there until Tuesday morning, so that any communication by mail, express, or telegraph, will meet me there. If General Grant's successes continue I do not think we can have any trouble in Oregon. But it is proper, as you say, to be on our guard. I shall not hesitate to take any course which may be necessary to preserve the peace, and I invite you to communicate to me fully, freely, and promptly your views, wishes, and advice.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

