HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: On the reception of your telegram of the 25th instant, saying that if the Engineer Department refuses to build a wharf at Cape Disappointment you will order the quartermaster to build one at that point, I issued orders as follows, that "the commanding officer at Cape Disappointment will direct the quartemaster to build there a good substantial wharf such as is needed for the wants of that post. " I have since received your telegram of the 26th conveying the language of Colonel De Russy, of Engineers, but Captain Jordan, commanding at Cape Disappointment, was here that day, and I was satisfied from his report of the permanent importance of the wharf and in every step of the progress of the fortifications. Vessels will take freight for Cape Disappointment cheaper and more readily if there is a wharf there, for now it can only be landed at night tide. That is the reason given by the J. H. Couch, river steamer, for often declining to take freight from here for that place, having to wait for high tide before the same can be landed on the beach. Captain Jordan also brings personally to my attention a new question. Captain Elliot, of Engineers, says that it will remain for Captain Jordan to mount the heavy ordnance. I certainly had taken for granted that this work would be done by the engineers. It is particularly the work of an engineer, requiring skill and experience as well as the fitting of the platforms and the circular railways for the working of the ordnance. When the 15-inch Rodmans arrive they will especially call for great labor and expense. Several 8-inch and 10-inch guns have been landed. The act of 20th of February, 1862, appropriated $100,000 for defense at or near the mouth of the Columbia Rive. The act of 20th of February, 1863, appropriated $200,000 for defenseive works in Oregon and Washington Territory. I should think this language would include the mounting of the guns. I do not wish this matter referred to Washington because of the delay. If it has been the custom of the quartemaster's department in the harbor of San Francisco to perform this work I yield at once. I do not wish any further delay and will beg you to telegraph me on the subject. Perhaps you have ere this shall reach you already telegraphed Captain Jordan, as I authorized him on passing through Portland to telegraph you for instructions.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., May 31, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

GENERAL: I have to akcnowledge the reception of your letter of the 19th ultimo. It has gratified me to receive your coridal response and expression of interest in the policy of encouraging settlements and the protection of the resiedents in Eastern Idaho. I suppose Congress by this time has passed the law making a separate Territory of that portion of Idaho Territory east of the Rocky Mountains under the name

