
of Montana Territory. For five years steamers have been able to reach Fort Benton below the falls of the Missouri, with the exception of last season, the floods being lower than usual; but they got last season within, even, 300 miles of Fort Benton. The region around East Bannock has been supplied in great part from Fort Benton. It is altogether a matter of experiment whether the Upper Yellowstone is navigable still nearer to that region. Mr. Chouteau was to have tried it this season. I think that country should be attached to your command and not to that of General Pope. Saint Louis and Fort Leavenworth are the natural base of supply. A great talk of emigration from Saint Paul has been kept up for ten years, since the exploratio; n in 1853 of Governor Stevens from that point to Oregon and Washington Territory; but nearly all the emigrants have come over the old route via Fort Leavenworth. To-day the land route to the Beaver Head country, as it is styled by the people (meaning the country around East Bannock and Virginia City), is via the South Pass until they gent near Fort Hall on the well-traveled wagon road from Salt Lake to Beaver Head, recrossing the Rocky Mountains at a low pass near High Bank Creek. This avoids all those Indians now being pursued by General Sully. It is the route for troops to go, at least for the first season; afterward, as I said in my letter of the 3rd of March, the troops could ascertain and explore a more direct road to Fort Laramie. Troops now sent there must probably go expecting to be subsisted independently of any depot on the Yellowstone, unless it is already accomplished; for it is ere this reaches you too late doubtless to take advantage of this spring's rise of water, but a command could obtain flour and beef from Salt Lake for the first year. We have rumors of troubles from the Indians on the Upper yellowstone, but I am not fully advised on the subject. It is not too late for troops to leave for Eastern Idaho after the reception of this lette. I shall, as you invite, freely communicate to you all the facts which I think may interest you concerning that country.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT GASTON, CAL., June 1, 1864.

Captain A. MILLER,

First Battaqlion Mountaineers, California, Vols.,

Commanding at Burnt Ranch:

SIR: Your letter of the 28th ultimo has been read with pleasure. You will pursue the same course until no Indians are to be found in that region. Particular attention is to be given that not an Indian of those connected in this valley be allowed there. Kill the last one until they find it prudent to obey orders. One Indian went up to-day with Mr. Thomas, with directions from here and their Indian friends to make one more effoet to bring them in. Mo more will be allowed to go except on official business direct with your camp. The petition of Mr. Allen will be sent to the district commander for his consideration. In the meantime get after these Indians. Hayampom is but fifteen miles from Burnt Ranch. Can you not have scouts out in that neighborhood? You are expected to attend to Lower South Fork. Seven or eight in parties are sufficient, as most of the Indians are suing for peace and coming in. The balance should be made very uneasy. Frank and

