HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN ARIZONA,Tucson, Ariz. Ter., August 22, 1862.

His Excellency Governor I. PESQUEIRA,

Ures, Sonora, Mexico:

SIR: I would most respectfully ask of you that an understanding should be had between Your Excellency and the authorities of this Territory in regard to a system of passports. There are undoubtedly in this Territory many citizens of Mexico who are fugitives from justice-men who are amenable to the laws of their country for various crimes. There are also many who have fled in order to avoid joining the army, and who are unable to gain a living in this Territory. These latter, though not properly coming under the head of criminals under international law, are not generally a good class of citizens, and it would prevent their coming here if a system of passports were established. It would tend to harmonize the intercourse between the people of Your Excellency's State and those of this Territory if none were peritted to cross the lines without passports, for the good citizens of each country would find a passport a protection, while to the lawless it would be a terror. Therefore I respectfully request that Your Excellency may, if it so please you, order the prefects of the frontier districts to grant passports to such of your people as they may judge proper, and I and my successors in office will grant passports to Sonora to such persons only as have legitimate business to transact there or are returning to their homes and families. I take advangage of this occasion to renew to Your Excellency the expression of my distinguished consideration, with a strong desire to become personally acquianted with you.

D. FERGUSSON,

Major, First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

SALEM, OREG., August 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find a communicatioin received at this office from J. W. Drew, esq., relative to the reoccupation of Fort Umpqua by U. S. troops. Upon the receipt of this letter I did not deem the subject matter of sufficient importance to call your attention to it. By recent advices, however, from the Coast reservation I learn that many of the Indians are leaving the reserve and wandering toward their former country down the coast. Sub-agent Brooks, who has reported to me in person, is of the opinion that it will be impossible without the aid of troops to restrain these Indians and keep them where they belong. In view of these facts I have respectfully to request that a detachment of troops be permanently stationed at Fort Umpqua. The Indians are at present prevented from leaving the reservation in greater numbers by the presence of a small detachment of troops temporarily stationed there.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. RECTOR,

Superintendent Indian Affairs, Oregon.

