
Clokyan and those with them are the most important. If a better spot is kinown to operate from than your present position you will report the same at once.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., June 1, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this post on the 30th instant, and that in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 66, headquarters District of Oregon, April 28, 1864, I have this day assumed command, relieving Major J. S. Rinearson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

(Same to acting assistant adjutant-general, District of Oregon.)

HEADUQARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,

Fort Humboldt, Cal., Juine 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Battalion Mountaineers, Commanding Fort Gaston:

COLONEL: The district commander directs that hereafter when you send Indians to Redwoods to bring in any of the hostile tribe, notify the commanding officer at Camp Anderson. Should the Redwood Indians decide to come in and live at their old home you will inform the officer in command at Camp Anderson on what conditions they can do so. And the Indians must distinctly understand that they are under the control of the military authorities at that place and cannot leave without their permission.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES ULIO,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ISPECTOR-GENERAL'S DPPT., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. COULT,

Commanding, Tucson, Ariz. Ter.:

COLONEL: You will please direct Captain Ffrench, Fifth California Volunteers, now commanding an expedition in the field against the Apaches, and as I understand under your orders, to proceed to the Arivaypa Canon with his animals and destroy the field of wheat of some ten acres reported there by Captain Tidball, by feeding it to his animals. The field is about fifteen miles from ofd Fort Breckinridge, and on the

