
Arivaypa River. It will be a good point for a temporary camp from which to watch and operate against the Indians. Such animals as he may have, which he is unable to graze and keep in serviceable condition by this means, have returned to this post. I think ten or fifteen cavalry a sufficient and better number for his operations than twenty-five-the number he has-because they will discover his movements, and can be used only to a limited extent mounted to advantage. As soon as better guides can be furnished it will be done.

By command of General Carleton:

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

PORTLAND, OREG., June 6, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Governor A. C. GIBBS,

Salem, Oreg.:

I think there will be no trouble. I have information quite satisfactory. Regular Union ticket largely ahead here.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 30. Fort Lapwai, Idaho Ter., June 6, 1864.

The undersigned being about to leave this post on public service, the command during his absence will devolve on Captain W. J. Matthews, First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.

SEWALL TRUAX,

Major, First Oregon Cavalry Volunteer, Commanding.

FORT RUBY, NEV. TER., June 7, 1864.

Captain LEWIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Camp Couglas, Utah Ter.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of commanding general's telegram of yesterday. I visited Deep Creek Station on the 26th ultimo, and was so well satisfied that no men were needed there that I ordered the detachment in. Since the reported trouble in Major Egan's lodging camp and the letter received from Sergeant Jones, which I forwarded you, I have strengthened the command at Eight-Mile Station (Fort Trinity), and have directed Sergeant Jones to send men on the stage when the convenience of the mail and passengers will alow them to ride, stopping over a trip or two at Antelope, Deep Creek, and Canon Station. That will keep men on the road and at the stations all the time. I have four teams sent to Forth Churchill, one on the road with the supplies for the men, and only four mules at the post for service. If I venture road team with men and supplies for new stations at Deep Creek and Canon Station I shall have to postpone the prospecting trip mentioned in my letter of the 5th instant. I intended to use the mules with the road team to pack rations for Lieutenant Hosmer's party. Will not the general revoke the order sending men to Canon and Deep Creek Staitons? Please answer by telegraph. I really do not think any more soldiers are needed on the road than there are now. I cannot answer for Company B just now. Nearly

