
one-half of the company is absent on various duties. Those just relieved on the road will be in a few days. I will then get their wishes and answer by telegraph.

I am, very respectfully, your humble servant,

J. B. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Infantry California Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., June 7, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I believe that Captain Currey has established his depot on the Owyhee, at the mounth of Jordan Creek, about fifty miles west of the Owyhee mines. This will obviate the necessity of any detachment in that vicinity as indicated in your letter of April 28. The route to the captain's depot is through Boonville, the principal place in the Owyhee mines. I will, however, send in a short time a detachment to remain out until fall, consisting mostly of the cavalry, to visit Camas Prairie, the Three Islands, Salmon Falls, Rock Creek, &amp;c. I have not yet learned what route the mail from Salt Lake will travel. The immigration will no doubt adopt the same route. The presence of the detachment on it will add to the safety of both and demostrate the necessity on the part of the Indians and lawless white men of honest pursuits, and may determine whether any considerable number of Indians go east from the section of country to be traversed by Catains Drake and Currey. I learn unofficially that General Connor has established a camp of one company of cavalry at the mouth of Raft River. From it they will be able to detect any traveling or raoming parties who escape through the Goose Creek and Humboldt mountains, and will be generally of much benefit to the security and peace of the immigration to Oregon and California.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 8, 1864.

Captain J. M. DRAKE, or

Captain G. B. CURREY,

Commanding Expedition in the Indian Country:

SIR: This letter is sent to B. J. Pwngra, esq., surveyor-general of Oregon. He will send it by a party of twenty men under Lieutenant Williams, who are going to explore a route for a wagon road from Daimond Peak to Hraney Lak, &c. On account of your operations and the Indian defficulties the general recommends them to repair at once to your wagon depot, and there keep on your trail to join your command. When they shall join you, the general commanding directs you to furnish them with such escort of cavalry as you shall be able to spare, to assist in the purposes of their exploration. The object is an important one, and it is desirable to give it every assistance in your power. if you can spare him you are authorized to place Lieutenant McCall in command of the escort, as Mr. Pengra applies for him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

