HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 10, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: Pursuant to authority, dated April 29, 1863, received from the general commanding the Department of the Pacific, I have to request that you call out, for the State of Oregon, a detachment of cavalry volunteers, to be mustered into the service of the United States, to serve until the 1st of November next, unless sooner discharged. Said detachment must consist of a first lieutenant, second lieutenant, and forty privates. The non-commissioned officers will be appointed after they are mustered into service of the United States. The men will furnish their own horses and horse equipments, for the use and risk of which they will be entitled to receive 40 cents a day. They will receive the pay and allowances of all cavalry in the service of the United States. I have found myself under the necessity of making this call on account of the continued murders and robberies by the Snake Inkians upon the road from The Dalles to Canyon City, Oreg. If you will appoint a suitable person he will be conditionally mustered into the service of the United States as a second lieutenant and recruiting officer of said detachment. If the detachment is raised and mustered in at Fort Dalles, a first lieutenant and second lieutenant will be mustered in at the same time. The recruits, as fast as raised, will be mustered at Fort Dalles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

FORT VANCOUVER, June 11, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

None of the troubles referred to in my letter of the 30th of May are likely to occur. I think I have satisfactory information.

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Herewith I inclose to you a copy of a call for troops which I yesterday addressed to the Governor or Oregon. * I ask for a detachment of forty cavalry volunteers, to serve until the 1st of November next, for the protection of the road from The Dalles to Canyon City, Oreg., form the incursions of the Snake Indians. I have made this call pursuant to the authority given me by the general commanding the department in your letter of the 29th of April, 1863, saying, "The general gives you full power to cal on the Governors of Oregon and Washington for such troops as you may deem necessary to preserve the peace and quiet of the district. " I had written you on the 15th of

---------------

* See June 10, second, ante.

---------------

