
April, 1863, referring to General Wright's call on the Governor of California for troops to serve for a limited period and for a special service against the Indians in Humboldt and other counties. I had seen Governor Stanford's proclamation of the 7th of February, 1863, to that effect.

Incessant murders and robberies continue on the road to Canyon City, so much so as to seriously interrupt the trade and travel of that region. A mass meeting of the citizens was held at Dalles City day before yesterday, and a gentleman deputed (Mr. William Newell) to call on me and ask for this call for troops. The request is one worthy of my serious attention. I have strained every nerve to place all the available cavalry in the field against the Snakes. Whilst Captains Currey and Drake are pushing their troops far into the interior of their country, straggling Indians present themselves in their rear, and have never failed to infest the road to Canyon City. Captain Drake has already taken away the cavalry detachment left at the Warm Springs Reservation. I have to-day ordered a detachment of infantry to take their place at that reservation. I have come to the conclusion that it is indispensably necessary tomake this requisition. I trust that the general commanding the department will approve of this requisition, and obtain, if necessary, the express approval of the War Department.

Paragraph Numbers 121 of circular on mustering service Numbers 1 from Adjutant-General's Office, dated January 1, 1864, says: "Mustering officers will muster into service such regiments or recruits as may present conclusicr evidence of their acceptance by the War Department. " I take for granted that General Wright, commanding the department, had the authority of the War Department for the instructions given me on the 29th of April, 1863 (abobe quoted). I have in my call acted upon that presumption as a matter of course. This, I think, is the "conclusive evidence" referred to, but for the satisfaction of Major N. H. McLean, assistant adjutant-general, mustering officer of volunteers for Oregon and Washington Territory, I have respectfully to request that you will telegraph me if such calls have not only the sanction of your office, but also that of the War Department. Major McLean is not under my orders, and I cannot order him to muster them into service. His decision is not yet known. I shall, in any event, accept of the volunteers, for I consider their services indispensable for the security of a road traveled by hundreds of our mining population. There is a population of 2,000 or 3,000 people in the country around Canyon City.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Commanding District.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Portland, June 11, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJ. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: In reply to your requisition of the 10th instant, calling for forty men to serve a limited time, I have to request that you will muster into the service of the United Stated Nathan Olney, as a second lieutenant, who will engage in the recruiting service under said requisition at The Dalles.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

