HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Franciso, Cal.:

COLONEL: I was pleased to be able to telegraph you on the 11th instant that "none of the troubles referred to in my letter of the 30th of May are likely to occur. I think I have satisfactory information. " That letter set forth threatened internal disturbances in Middle and Southern Oregon, likely to occur on election day, the 6th instant. The election passed off without the collisions anticipated at the polls growing out of challenging and requiring the oath of allegiance. I am not well informed yet whether there was much challenging. I think there was great forbearance on account of the assumed prepounderance of the Union party. I am happy to say that the Honorable J. H. D. Henderson is elected Representative to Congress from Oregon by about 2,500 majority. The number of so-called Democrats elected to the Legislature is not more than six or seven. Jackson County and one other have probably gone for them. The issues were more distinctly drawn in this canvass than in any previous one, between entire and thorough support of the whole policy of the Administration and a complete opposition to it. Thus the victory gained is of more moment and a source of saticfaction. In three letters dated from different parts of Oregon on the 22nd and 28th May and 3rd of June, Governor Gibbs wrote me, in more or less apprehension, of internal difficulties. I cannot learn that the threat to shoot down those who should challenge a voter and require the oath of allegiance was anywhere carried out. It is probable that the universal expectation of trouble and preparation for it served to enjoin prudence on all parties. The militia companies stood prepared to act. I sent General Wright, from the Oregonian of the 2nd instant, an extract from a speech made by General Joseph Lane at Eugene City on the 21st ultimo. I went to Portland on the 4th and remained there until Tuesday, the 7th, the day after the election On the 4th L. F. Mosher, esq., son-in-law of General Lane, came to see me. He asserted that the report in question was an exaggeration of Lane's speech, and that another report in the Eugene City Review was the correc one. Whether it was or not is of less account to me than the evident desire of General Lane's friends to disavow the alleged sentiments of the speech. I do not doubt that he made a highly improper and inflammatory speech. I notice that more tolerance is practiced now than formerly, as in Congress the House declined to expel Mr. Long and Mr. Harris for speeches of a highly objectionable character. But at this interview Mr. Mosher made other statements worthy of being noted. He said that he and General Lane had discouraged violence at the polls, and they were opposed to all outbreaks or disturbance of the quiet of this country, to any change of flag. Captain Mosher professed his readiness to fight for the defense of the flag. he was an aide-de-camp of general Lane in the Mexican war when I first met him. he has been a close adherent of Lane's political career, and, therefore, it is that I have embraced the opportunity he gave me to sound him. I did not fail to say that whatever reverses may occur to our arms at the East, there need be no hope of effecting anything in this country by emeutes. I had been armed with power (dated April 29, 1863, referred to in my letter of the 11th instant) to call out such troops as may be necessary to preserve the peace of the district, that I should exercise it in a way that

55 R R-VOL L, PT II

