
would (by calling out some of the troops for a short period) bring a large body into the field; that the Union strength was largely preponderant, and I should, if troubles occur, freely use it. I told him, too, that if necessary I should not hesitate to ask for California troops; that California had a deep interest in such matters, and that actual war would not fail to rouse promptly to arms her loyal population when they shall be really needed. he disclaimed for himself and friends all such purpose of mischief, but I considered it my duty to embrace the opportunity to employ the most clear and energetic language on the subject. As my troops are mostly in the field against Indians, stout words were the more necessary on my part. Ceaseless vigilance is my doctrine. in Middle Oregon there is a population no doubt just as ready for an emeute as those insane and rabid people in Indiana and Illinois who have allowed their hatred of our Government and their syptathy for the rebels to crop out in armed collision. If our armies at the East meet with great reverses they may yet be tempted into violence, however absurd and insane it may be. A year ago, if Lee had captured Baltimore or Washington, the same thing might have occurred. In speaking as I have in this letter of the result of the recent election I should not fail to add that a large share of those who voted for the opposition are loyal in their sentiments. The majority reached in the election does not show by any means the entire preponderance opposed to all change of flag in Oregon. Ido not think I can at present spare troops from this post needed to guard Vancouver Arsenal to carry out the request of the Indian Department in reference to the Quilliute Indians referred to in the close of my communication of the 30th ultimo.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Reventon, June 14, 1864.

Major JAMES GORMAN,

First California Cavalry, Commanding Post:

MAJOR: You will please cause an examination of the route from Calabazas, Ariz. Ter., via Sonoita Valley, old Fort Buchanan, Whetstone Springs, and San Pedro River, to the mesa west of Dragoon Springs (near the overland stage road), with a view to ascertain its practicability for wagons. This examination to be made by an officer of good judgment, who will report the distance, character of the road, what labor, if any, is required upon it, the facilities for obtaining water and grass, and any infromation necessary to a full knowledge of the road and route as suited for the transportation of supplies; also Indian signs, &amp;c. A similar examination have made of the route hence via Davidson Springs or other pass in the Santa Rita Mountains, to strike the overland stage road as far east as possible without making too much of a detour to the south. Please furnish the undersigned with reports of the results of these examinations at the earliest practicable day at Tucson.

By command of General Carleton:

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

P. S. - Mr. Ward, the hay contractor at this post, can give information of the first-named route.

