HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 19, 1864.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to inclose-

I. An official copy of a letter from Major Edward B. Willis, First Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Fort Whipple, Ariz. Ter. It is dated the 27thultimo, and gives the latest intelligence from the new gold fields in that vicinity. The general will see that the promise of mineral wealth in Northern Arizona is becoming more than realized.

II. An official copy of a letter from Lieutenant Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army. It is dated at Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 5, 1864. Colonel Davis was ordered to select a site for a post to be established on the Gila River northward from Fort Bowie, Ariz. Ter., and had an escort of about 100 men, more or less, according to the best of my recollection from previous reports. With a part of this escort he made a night march, and at daybreak attacked a rancheria of Apaches and killed forty-nine of them. This is decidedly the most brilliant success over that tribe of brutal murderers which has ever been won. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Colonel Davil and the handful of officers and men who so gallantly followed him for this achievement. I urgently request that Colonel Davis may receive the compliment of a brevet for such gallant and meritorious services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS FORT WHIPPLE, ARIZ. TER., May 27, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: The party of citizens under Mr. King Woolsey are making their preparations to start from here against the Apache Indians on the 1st day of June. They expect to be 100 strong, and are preparing provisions for about sixty or sixty-five days. One train from La Paz has arrived with provisions for them, and others are expected. They no doubt will do good service, having already some knowledge of the country in the direction they intend to go-that is, nearly due east from here. The Maricopa Indians will probably join them, and I believe another party form this section under Swilling will start near the same time.

At the present time we hear very little of Indians in this vicinity. A few head of stock have been stolen near Antelope or Weaver, and a little sign has been seen near Walker's, in the hills, but that is about all for the past month.

Reports from the mining districts are encouraging. The placer diggings are doing quite well, and much work is being done in quartz leads, with very flatteing prospects. Many new lodes are being found in the Walker section, some of which are estremely rich. Some new claims have been struck upon a creek called Big Bug, in which they are doing exceedingly well. The gold is very coarse. If nothing further should be found than the section already known, I think it will be an exceedingly rich country and support a large mining population.

Governor Goodwin has just returned from his trip to the southern portion of the Territory, and there is much enthusiasm manifested there

