
in regard to the steps being taken to subdue the Indians. Everybody in this portion of the country is much pleased and encouraged, and there is no doubt but that the citizens here will render all assistance they possibly can in this matter. The inhabitants and troops here are on the best of terms, and will co-operate with the utmost good will for this desirable end.

The site of the post selected by me, by order of Colonel Davis, is about one mile and a half northeast from the town now being built on Graninte Creek and laid down upon the map forwarded to department headquarters as Goodwin. Each can be seen from the other. The objections to this point, as before stated by me, are that the range for grazing is not so extensive as that of the old post, and for a part of the year we have todig for water, but not to any depth. In all other respects it is decidedly superior.

Lieutenant Baldwin, with the first detachment of the train of subsistence stores, arrived to-day. The others will arrive, respectively, to-morrow and next day; also a large citizen train and a number of Colorado emigrants. I hear also of several parties from La Paz, or rather California. Emigrants are arriving now about as fast as they can be subsisted, although provisions are becoming somewhat more plenty of late. The population in the mining districts must be over 1,500 now, exclusive of the troops. I am informed by persons from La Paz that 10,000 or 20,000 pounds of barley could be purchased there at present for 8 to 8 1/2 cents per pound. With the cattle and wagons now here this would be the cheapest forage that could be procured for the cavalry at this post, unless it should reise in California, in which case it probably could not be got so cheap.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

EDWARD B. WILLIS,

Major First Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., DEPT OF NEW MEXICO, Tucson, Ariz. Ter., June 5, 1864.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report briefly my movements since my first report made May 16, 1864, from the canon on the Rio Bonito, and the general results thereof until arriving here myself on the night of the 2d, and CAptain Tidball with his force yesterday.

From my camp on the Bonito I proceeded up this stream, which two miles from camp disappeared finally. Course, north and northwest some six to eight miles, and thence four to five miles more westerly through rolling hills, reaching the southeast end of a beautiful valley some fifty miles long and four to six wide, of excellent grazing, but destitute of water save that in tanks and holes in arroyo creeks coursing down from the mountains. This valley is bounded on the east side by a range of mountains between it and the Rio Negrito, called Rio Prieto, and which is a continuation of the Peloncillo Range, and on the west side by a range of high, rocky, and broken hills, being a spur that leaves the latter-named range near the mouth of the Bonito, and terminates at the Rio San Carlos, its general direction being parallel with and just north of the Gila. After a few hours in camp, moved south of west four miles, ehere I found some water in an arroyo; by digging supplied the wants of the animals and men. Next water reported fifteen miles

