
[Inclosure.] FORT UMPQUA, OREG., July 29, 1862.

Honorable W. H. RECTOR,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs:

SIR: The commanding general of the Department of the Pacific has withdrawn from this military post the detachment of California volunteers who have recently occupied it, and I am informed that an order for the abandonment of the post has been issued. I presume that you consider the occupancy of Fort Umpqua quite as indispensable for the protection of the interests of the Indian Departmnt as is Fort Hoskins or Fort Yamhill, and I call your attention to what I conceive to be a very unwise policy of the commanding general of the Department of the Pacific in the hope that you will exercise your influence with that officer, or with the district commander (General Alvord) to have this psot reoccupied with U. S. troops. A full company may not be needed here, but a detachment of troops is moist certainly required to be kept here for the present. Quarters, barracks, and supplies of subsistence are here in abundance; indeed, there are good, comfortable quarters for two full companies and subsistence sufficient to last two companies for six months. You are aware that the post is located within eight miles of the southern boundary of the Coast reservation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH W. DREW.

[AUGUST 22, 1862. -For General Orders, Numbers 16, Column from California, directing the U. S. colors to be hosited over Forts Quitman and Davis, Tex., &amp;c., see Part I, p. 111.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 23, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. BOWIE,

Fifth Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding District of Southern California, Fort Yuma, Cal.:

SIR: I am instructed by the general commanding the department to inform you, in reply to your letter of the 6th instant, desiring to know if any change will be made in the station of district headquarters, that for the present they will remain at Fort Yuma, that being the most important position in Southern California. The general designs relieving the garrison of Fort Yuma annually. These changes, however, will be ordered direct from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 116. Fort Humbodt, August 23, 1862.

I. Companies A and D, Third Infantry California Volunteers, will embark for San Francisco on board the San Francisco steamer now

