
vicinity, which I was anxious to examine, but time and rations would not permit. There is a heavy growth of cotton and other woood along the San Carlos and near its confluence with the Gila, being some two miles wide. There is a beatiful, braod second slope, which can be irrigated from this river. There is considerable grass in this valley and on the adjacent mesa, hills, and tables. From here I marched in a southeast direction, and nine miles from my last camp. Two miles above mouth of San Carlos River I entered the big canon on the Gila, down which I followed eight to ten miles, crossing often the river, and encamped in an arroyo canon a short distance from the Gila, where I found water and a little grass. Above, in the Gila Canon, there was in places some grass.

From this camp I left at 9. 30 p. m., and crossed the high Mescal Mountains in the Chiricahua Range, the slopes of which were long, steep, and stony, with a part of my command, to surprise and attack some rancherias I learned were there; and after a hard night's march, dividing my force, one under Captain Tidball, the other under Captain Burkett, we surprised and attacked the Indians at daybreak, killing 49, and, with some the day pevious, capturing 16 prisoners, besides many more that were wounded, some of whom were trailed by their blood. Destroyed several fields of corn and wheat. A large quantity of memscal was taken and furnished the troops, who were short of rations, and considerable destroyed. One mule and 4 Indian horses were taken, 2 carbines, 1 double-barreled shotgun, 1 Colt pistol, 2 saddles, 2 pairs of fine saddle-bags, and $660 in gold were also captured, with some ammunition, and a variety of other articles-hides, skins, &amp;c. - and the rancherias, whth much other stuff burned.

It affords me pleasure to speak of the good conduct of the troops in this affair. Captains Tidball and Burkett and Lieutenant Stevens, with their men, are deserving of much commendation. Lieutenant Dutton, who remained in charge of camp, which he moved up the next morning, is also entitled to much credit for his active and efficient services. He was kept back against his will and wish.

Two very distinguished chiefs were killed in this engagement. One, after being mortally wounded, thrust his own spear into his chest and heroically expired. It is gratifying to me, and no doubt will be to many others, to know that we struck the band guilty of killing Messrs. Mills and Stevens and attacking Mr. Butterworth and party. The captured pistol has Mills' name on it. The shotgun is idnetified as that of Mr. Stevens. Mr. James' diary was also found. Some who escaped on the high adjacent mountains threatened to kill us all before leaving the canon. This loss and destruction of crops is a severe blow to them, and being attacked in their secluded and mountainous home, where before they had not been molested by the white man, will, I think, produce a decided moral effect upon them.

There was a little clear stream of water that ran through this canon into the Gila, with conttonwood along in the bottom. It is a rocky and rough canon, with anon small flats of rich soil, some being cultivated, others affording grazing. This creek is called the Big Alamo, alias Mescal Creek. Abandoned Canon would probably me a name expressive of the result of this attack, respecting any further occupation of it by the Indians.

Next day the command crossed some rocky mountain sprus into the Gila Canon. After marching a distance of sixteen miles down it, crossing the river thirty times, and thence in a southerly direction twelve

