
a better location. Fort Whipple had better be supplied from La Paz, unless from the Rio Grande, and the post or citizen transportation must be depended on to haul supplies. Captain Ffrench returned with his command the 17th. Killed some 2 or more and captured 18 Indian prisoners. I propose leaving for the Rio Grande about 26th, if well enough.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, June 20, 1864.

Major General I. McDOWELL,

San Francisco:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information an extract from a recent letter from Paris on the subject of William M. Gwin, who it appears has been appointed an agent of the French Government in Sonora.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

- Extract from a letter of the 1st of June, 1864, written from Paris by a person having access to the best sources of information.

The Emperor has sent Gwin on a mission to Sonora, and he will sail in the Mexican packet to-morrow. He told--- that he was going out to settle the country (Sonora), and that the Emperor asked him if he would wish to have the same religious liberty that had been accorded to Mexico. So; he said, he did not think that was of any consequence. They did not care much about such matters, but left them to their wives and daughters.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., June 21, 1864.

To the Loyal Citizens of the Pacific Coast:

On the eve of my being releived from the command of the Department of the Pacific, it is deemed a proper occasion to take a retrospective view of the three years I have been in command. When I first assumed command of the department, embracing all the States and Territories west of the Rocky Mountains, I was not unmindful of the high trust reporsed in me by the Government, and the following communication, which I addressed to the Adjutant-General of the Army after the expiration of the first year of my command, will exhibit the course I had thought proper to pursue, and which has been persistently followed during the whole period of my administration of military affairs on this coast. *

Acting upon the principles contained in my letter above recited, I now point with pride to the happy and peaceful condition of this country. Intrusted as I have been with a high and responsible command, far removed from the seat of the General Government, I have during the whole period held in my hands the power of peace or war. Had I for a moment yielded to the insane demands of a radical press

---------------

* See Wright to Thomas, October 27, 1862, p. 196.

---------------

