
and its colaborers I should have filled my forts with political prisoners to grafity personal hatred, causing such an outburst of indignation at such a course as to render it almost certain that civil war and bloodshed would have followed. The Union-loving people on this coast are vastly in the ascendant. They have the power and the will to maintain the integrity of the Union on these distant shores. Let every attempt to raise the standard of rebellion within your borders be crushed. Listen not to the insidious arts of a hireling, radical press, which, under the specious guise of loyalty, would not hesitate to gratify its pruriency for fame by doing all in its power to plunge your country into all the horrors of a civil war.

Be just, and fear not;

Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's,

Thy God's, and truth's.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 9. Franklin, Tex., June 21, 1864.

All persons traveling in or passing through the District of Arizona are required to furnish themselves with the required passport with the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United States attached. The only exception that will be made will be in the case of Mexicans passing from one town or place to another.

By order of Colonel George W. Bowie:

CHAS. A. SMITH,

Captain, Fifth California Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

WASHINGTON, June 23, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m. 28th.)

Major-General McDOWELL:

The Secretary of War directs that Captain H. M. Black, Ninth Infantry, colonel of volunteers, be ordered to repair to West Point, N. Y., without delay. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST GUARD,San Francisco, Cal., June 24, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 132, dated headquarters Department of the Pacific, June 17, 1864, I proceeded to Chico, Butte County, Cal., and examined into the causes of the reumord and apprehended Indian troubles in that section. These apprehensions are embodied in a letter from George Wood, of the firm of Bidwell &amp; Co., addressed to the Honorable O. C. Pratt, of San Francisco, said letter bearing date of June 11, 1864. I have conversed with many parties in relation to the matter set forth in the letter of Mr. Wood, and from what I could learn I find that his statement is mainly correct, though perhaps somewhat exaggerated. To throw some further light upon the state of affairs at Chico and in the surrounding

