
a short campaign through that section of country, and such a course might result in some good. I am of the opinion that no party of white men will attempt to destroy property at Chico, and that the Valley Indians can be protected, at least for a time, by those who have them in charge, should any party attempt to molest them. In my conversation with Mr. Wood I think I persuaded him to believe that the necessity was not immediate. I think Mr. Wood and aties directly interested will be perfectly satisfied if they can be assured that they can rely upon troops being sent when the necessity arises.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JAS. VAN VOAST,

Captain, Ninth Infantry, Provost-Marshal.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 24. Fort Humboldt, Cal., June 24, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, commanding Fort Gaston, Cal., will take charge of and be held responsible for the good conduct of the Indians east of Redwood Creek (icluding the Klamaths) to the eastern limits of the district, and to facilitate operations the commanding officers of all posts and camps within these limits will promptly obey any call made by him on them for troops.

II. The camp at Forks of Salmon is hereby broken up, and the commanding officer of the troops at that point will proceed without delay with his command to Fort Gaston, Cal., and repor tto commanding officer of that post for duty. The acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Gaston, Cal., will furnish the necessary transportation.

III. Camp Gilmore, Cal., is hereby broken up, and the troops at same will proceed without delay tojoin their respective companies, after which the commanding officer of Camp Curtis, Cal., will be held responsible that active and responsible scouts are kept up, so as to secure peace and quiet in that section of the distreict; also in vicinity of Liscombe's Hill. All public property at said camp that can be transported will be sent to Camp Curtis for further disposition. The acting assistant quartermaster at For tHumboldt will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel Black:

JAMES ULIO,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, June 24, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding the department to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 13th instant, and to say that he is gratified to learn that the election not only passed off quietly in Oregon, but that it has resulted so handsomely in favor of the Union cause.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

