SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 85. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. Captain R. S. Caldwell, First Oregon Cavalry, in command of Company B of that regiment, with Second Lieutenant William Wood, First Washington Territory Infantry, in charge of a detachment of four non-commissioned officers and fifteen privates of that regiment, will proceed without delay to the South Fork of John Day's River, to protect the road from the Dalles to Canyon City, Oreg. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 24, 1864.

Captain R. S. CALDWELL,

First Oregon Cav., Commanding Expedition on the Canyon City Road:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding the district directs that on the arrival at Fort Dalles of the eight or nine men of your company from Fort Walla Walla (who were escort to Paymaster Francis) you will leave Fort Dalles at once for the South Fork. You will not wait for the ten men who were escort to Paymaster Marston. you will leave orders for the latter to follow on your trail as soon as they each Fort Dalles. The general desires that you shall keep your troops in motion on the most advantageous portions of the road, so as to give all the possible protection in your power to the travel on that road. He relies on your energy and gallantry and that of the brave men of your command to do all in your power for the protection of travelers. If any Canyon City volunteers are raised they will be ordered to join your command. You will remain at the South Fork until the 15th of November next, when your command will return to this post. You will report the date of your departure from For tDalles, and the general desires as frequent reports as practicable of your operations. You are authorized whenever you thnk proper to send an express to Fort Dalles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT KLAMATH, June 24, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: An effort is being made by Ou-a-luck, a considerable chief of the Snake Indinas, to induce the Klamath Lake, Modoc, Goose Lake, and other bands of Indians to join him in his warfare upon citizens. His principal point of operations is in the country adjacent to Canyon City, though with the aid of the other Indians name dhe would doubtless extend his operations toward this post and wlsewhere. For these reasons I have dalayed my departure upon the Owyhee expedition for a few days, in the hope that any considerable organization for hostile

