
purposes of the Indians in this vicinity will develop itself under my own observation. It is quite probable-almost certain, in fact-that some portion of the Indians mentioned will join the band of Ou-a-luck or organize a war party on their own account, and to provide against emergencies that might ensue I have directed the building of two blockhouses at this post, each flanking two sides of the publis store-house, and an additional outlay of about $250, currency, in the construction of the magazine, to render it impervious to musketry and more secure against fire. The cost of the block-houses in currency will not exceed $630 each. I have also directed the immediate construction of inclosures for our horses and mules to avoid stampede and loss of them, and am hurrying forward the construction of the small boats, for which estimates have been approved. Lieutenant D. C. Underwood will be left in command here upon my departure for the Owyhee. He is a zealous and faithful officer, entirely conversant with Indian character, and with his knowledge in this respect and the completion of the defenses I have ordered I do not fear the result should the Indians conclude to make an attack upon him. I have also directed that such supplies as are on hand at Jacksonville be forwarded at once.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. DREW,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th instant, and in reply am directed by the general commanding to say that he had no special authority form the War Department to call out troops (volunteers) for a limited time, but that power was given to him, while in command of the District of Oregon, before the present war, to meet any emergency which might arise on account of Indian difficulties, and under that authority you can accept the services of the detachment of cavalry which you have called for; but, inasmuch as the mustering officers now under the provost-marshal-general are for the special purpose of musteing in troops under the laws for suppressing the rebellion, the detachment you have calld for to serve till the 1st of November can be mustered in by a special officer, under your orders, and for their payment a special appropriation will be necessary by Congress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADUQRTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 25, 1864.

Captain J. M. DRAKE,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition, &amp;c.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the district to inform you that for the last month there have been several robberies committed by the Indians on the Canyon City road, supposed to have been

