
done by Po-li-ni's band. Captain R. S. Caldwell with his company and a detachment of infantry has been ordered to the South Fork of John Day's River for the protection of the road. A company of forty men (mounted) is being raised at The Dalles for the same service. If you should deem it advisable, the general authorizes you after your return from Harney Lake to move your depot to the South Fork. This movement is left entirely to your discretion. The general is averse to interrupting the original plan of operations unless absolutely requisite for the protection of the settlements. This information is given in order that you may know what is taking place in your rear.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 141. San Francisco, Cal., June 27, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. On his arrival in this city Major Thomas F. Wright, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will report to Major James Van Voast, Ninth Infantry, as assistant provost-marshal.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., June 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that to-day Captain R. S. Caldwell, First Oregon Cavalry, and twenty men of his company, and nineteen infantry under Second Liut. William Wood, First Washington Territory Infantry, left this post for Fort Dalles, thence to take post at the South Fork of John Day's River on the road from Dalles to Canyon City. On the 15th instant I ordered to Fort Dalles from Fort Walla Walla two detachments of cavalry, about sixteen in all, who have been excorting paymasters. These join Captain Caldwell at Fort Dalles, and will give him about fifty-five men. He is ordered to protect that road against the incursions of the Snake Indians. Their robberies and murders have continued. I have thus taken the very last cavalry force from Fort Walla Walla and this post, and have been compelled to leave but a very small infantry guard for this post and the arsenal. I have to report that I received on the 25th a telegram dated the 24th, from General Wright, commanding the department, saying, "You can accept the detachment of cavalry. Muster in by one of your own officers. Particulars by mail. " I have been gratified to receive this telegram, as my call of the 10th instant on the Governor of Oregon was made in pursuance of full authority in instructions from your office dated the 29th of April, 1863, as was fully set forth in my letter of the 11th instant. I have ordered Captain W. V. Spencer, assistant commissary of musters, to muster in Nathan Olney, esq., as second lieutenant and recruiting officer to raise the detachment. He was appointed by the Governor of Oregon. When it is raised Captain Spencer will

