
coming into this port. The senior officer of the detachment will report in person at department headquarters immediately on arriving at San Francisco.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

W. F. SWASEY,

First Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES N. OLNEY,

Second Infantry California Volunteers,

Commanding Northern Division, Humboldt Military District:

COLONEL: The copy of the treaty or agreement made by you with the chiefs of the Hoopa Indians has been carefully examined by the colonel commanding the district, who approves of your entire action in the matter. A copy of the treaty will be forwarded to department headquarters, as also of such portion of your official letter of August 15 as relates to it. The stipulation on the part of the Hoopas to of urnish guides to our scouting parties, if faithfully carried out, will no doubt prove to have been the most important step that has been taken toward the completion of the present Indian war. You are desired to require under that clause in the treaty two reliable Hoopa Indians to act as guides to Captain Douglas' command and two to Captain Flynn's command at Fort Lyon. These Indians will be sent to those respective commands in time to arrive before the 1st of September. You will instruct Captain Douglas to commence a scout on that day, accompanied by the Hoopa guides. A similar instruction will be sent from these headquarters to Captain Flynn. In regard to sending out scouting detachments from Fort Gaston, you will act as you deem best. if thed should be guilty of treachery to us, the chiefs who have signed the treaty and their families will be immediately arrested and confined till further orders from these headquarters.

By order of Colonel Lippitt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SWASEY,

1st Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.

[AUGUST 26, 1862. -For Special Orders, Numbers 153, Department of New Mexico, directing General Carleton to relieve General Canby in the command of the Department of New Mexico, see Part I, p. 114.]

[AUGUST 26, 1862. -For P. O. Herbert to Holmes (Confederate), referring to Carleton's operations, see Vol. IX, p. 732.]

CAMP INDEPENDENCE, OWEN'S RIVER VALLEY,

August 27, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

SIR: In accordance with instructions contained in your letter bearing date August 2, orders have been issued for the constructions of

