
also muster in the detachment, which will also be sent up on the Canyon City raod. On the 16th I received the telegram of the 15th from your office, "Authority contained in letter of 29th of April, 1863 (from this office), is revoked. By order," &amp;c. In my letters of the 30th of May, 11th and 13th instant, especially in the latter, I have explained the importance of my possessing, on emergencies, such power. I shall probably in a future communication submit the propreity of a restoration of said authority. On the 26th I received information of fresh robberies by the Snake Indians on the Canyon City road, two trains of pack-mules having been stolen. These things have seriously impeded the trade and business of the country. I trust now soon to hear of such interruptions having ceased. The cavalry expeditions of Captains Currey and Drake, each with 100 men, are now near Harney, Lake. They can each leave their deports with fifty or sixty days' rations on pack animals ready for the most efficient action. I have been averse to calling them in and breaking up their plans on account of these attacks in the rear. I shall, unless something extraordinary happens, permint them to carry out the views indicated in my letters of the 20th of February and 1st of June. When the latter was written I was in hopes that no call for volunteers would be necessary, but the aspect of affairs changed as you saw in my letter of the 11th of June.

I am, very, respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. - Since writing the above I am informed by Major N. H. McLean, U. S. Army, mustering officer of volunteers, that he has received from General J. B. Fry, provost-marshal-general, a telegram dated 24th of June, 1864, saying that the War Department sanctions the mustering in of the detachment of cavalry volunteers referred to.

B. A.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 142. San Francisco, Cal., June 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

8. Captain James C. Doughty's company (I), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed by land on the 10th proximo to Chico. The captain will receive special instructions from this office relative to the movement and future operations. The quartermaster's and commissary departments will furnish the necessary transportation and supplies. By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, June 28, 1864.

Captain J. C. DOUGHTY,

Commanding Company I, Second Cav. California Vols., Camp Union:

SIR: The general commanding desires you to make immediate preparations for proceeding with your company, equipped for active service, by land to Chico, Butte County, Cal. The movement will be made about the 10th proximo. Supplies for sixty days and such company property as may be absolutely necessary for the use of your command

