
the terror of the people of the counties of Humboldt, Klamath, and Trinity. By theeir own admissions they have been the ringleaders in all the depredations about Humbodt Bay for years past. Three years ago they numbered some sixty warriors, but they have lsot severely in the several engagements of the past year until they can now, according to their own statements, muster but fufteen fighting men. Small as their number is, they would yet be a formidable foe from their perfect knowledge of localities and long practice in murder and robbery. It is therefore, in my estimation, a great point gained to have them under partial restraint for the present, with the view of their being wholly so at no remote period. The Indians which have heretofore been living in the mountains and depredating against the white settlements, and have now ceased hostilieties and have come in upon the assurance of their lives being spared, should be kept employed at some useful occupation and paid for their labor. The settlers can hire but a limited number, consequently work must be furnished them by the Government if they have it sufficiently to keep them out of mischief. At present I have fifteen cutting wood for the post, and intend to have a year's supply cut by them, but this will not keep a large number busy a great length of time. If I had authority to set a lot of them at work upon the trails and roads the effect would be most beneficial to the Indians. They say they are willing to work, and they need an opportunity to earn something; and more than that, they need to be kept employed. A few hundred dollars expended in this way, with care and judgment, would beyond a question be a great saving to the Government and lead to good practical results. I cannot in too strong terms urge upon the district commander the great importance of this matter of the employment of the Indians and paying them for their labor, for I feel fully convinst and most rational way of managing them. It left in idleness they will surely be in some mischief. Five hundred dollars in coin expended in the manner above indicated will contribute more toward a final closing of Indian difficulties in this district than tenfold that amout in military operations against them, should they again assume ahostile attitude.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Fort Gaston, Cal.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal. July 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information and action of department commander. These are the Indians referred to in my letter of 30th ultimo as "expected to come in very soon," and it is with great pleasure I am able so soon to send you a report of their arrival.

H. M. BLACK,

Colonel Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to the superintendent of Indian affairs for his information. Please return.

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjtutant-General.

