HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., near Great Salt Lake City, July 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor and the pleasure to report for the information of the department commander that affairs in this district have assumed and still maintain a most peaceful and propitious aspect. The policy pursued toward the Indians has had a most happy effect. That policy, as you are aware, involved certain and speedy puishment for past offenses, compelling them to sue for a suspension of hostilities, and on the resumption of peace, kindness and leniency toward the redskins. They fully understant that honesty and peace constitute their best and safest policy. In consequence every chief of any importance in the district has given in his adhesion with profuse promises of future good conduct. Throughout the length and breadth of the Territory peace exists with all the wandering and heretofore savage and marauding bands. During the past winter and spring at various times the several chiefs and petty leaders have visited Camp Douglas, where they have been kindly received and hospitably treated by the command. In default of ability on the part of the Indian Department to provide fully for their wants, and also in pursuance of what was esteemed sound policy, I have from time to time distributed among them small quantities of provisons, such as flour, sugar, &amp;c., to meet their immediate necessities, and in testimony of the good will of the military authorities toward them as long as they behave themselves and manifest a peaceful disposition. As a marked instance of the beneficial results and effects of the policy pursued I beg leave to invite your attention to the inclosed official report of Major Gallagher, commanding Fort Bridger, relative to the restoration of nineteen head of horses stolen last year from miners near Beaver Head by a wandering band of Shoshones. Measures have been taken to enable the owners of the stock to prove property and reclaim it. so far, then, as Indian matters are concerned I have to report peace throughout the Territory, and except the continued and frequethe anti-polygamic law of Congress by the Mormons, and a covert and deep-rooted hostility to the Government by the leaders, affairs in this Territory may be said to be wearing a cheerful aspect beyond any former period. Instances of outrages upon unsuspecting and innocent emigrants by Indians and whites which so long disgraced this Territory are of very rare occurrence, if indeed they have not ceased entirely. This peaceful and happy condition of affairs has enabled me to pursue most vigorously the policy hertofore indicated of settling the Mormon question by peaceful means in the early development of the undoubtedly rich mineral wealth of the Territory. Wherever it could be done without interference with military duties, commanders of companies and posts have been directed to allow parties of soldiers to prospect the country and open its mines. Such disposition of the force under my command as would insure protection to citizens (miners) throughout the Territory against threatened interference by the Mormons has been made, and the country already feels the beneficial influences resulting from such a course. Miners and others, Gentiles, are flocking hither in considerable numbers, and the day is not far distant when a loyal Gentile population, acting in concert with th now oppressed but dissatisfied saints, will peacefully revolutionize the odious system of church domination which has so long bound down a deluded and ignorant communitay and threatened the peace and welfare of the people and country. You will permit me,

