
however, to add that the present state of affairs and future prospects are predicated upon the presence and continuance of an ample force of military in this district. If from any cause the quota of troops in this Territory should be withdrawn or permitted to fall much below the number now here the result would be disastrous indeed. The Indians incited by bad white men could not be relieved on to maintain peace toward the emigration, the old system of church despotism would revive, the working of mines by Gentles or disenthralled Mormons would be checked, if not entirely stopped, and the Territory would lapse again into its normal condition of disloyalty and abject subserviency to a traitorous church organization and open and avowed treason to the national Government. I have also the pleasure to report that the crops of the Territory are in a most prosperous condition, and a bountiful harvest beyond any former precedent is confidently anticipated. It is an axiom of political economy that a people raised above poverty and want with pecuniary independence opened cannot long remain in ignorance and the abject tools of despotism.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] FORT BRIDGER, WASH. TER., June 20, 1864.

Captain M. G. LEWIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Utah:

SIR: I have the honor to report to the general commanding that one of Washakee's Indians, named Wo-an-gant, brought to this post yesterday nineteen horses which had been stolen and delivered them into my charge, making the following statement: He says that being out hunting in the Wind River Mountains he came to four lodges of Indians, and that they are a branch of the Snake tribe called by the Shoshones, Sheeepeaters. They informed him that they had stolen twenty-three horses from white men who were mining or prospecting some two months before near Beaver Head. This Indian says he told them that a treaty had been made with the whites last summer, which was the first information they had of it. They delivered up to him twenty horses (three having got away from them) to be brought by him to Fort Bridger. One of the horses was kept by one of Washakee's Indians, which I think I can get. Nineteen of the horses are here, which I shall keep until I know the wishes of the general in regard to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. A. GALLAGHER,

Major Third California Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

HEADUQARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 1, 1864.

Captain G. H. ELLIOTT,

U. S. Engineers, San Francisco, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: I have to thank you for your note of the 26th. I shall certainly visit Astroria after your arrival in the middle of August. I prefer to wait until the 15-inch guns get there. My original letter of

