
temporary quartrs and stabling for one company of cavalry. The location selected is on the north side of Oak Creek and about 300 yards above our present camp, it being the point best suited for one company post, so reported by Captain McLaughlin, Jones, and Goodman, they having returned from a trip of fifty miles up the valley. Deeming that the necessities of the service require it, a detail has been made of sixty men from the command and placed on extra duty under the command of Captain T. H. Goodman, acting assistant quartermaster for the Owen's River Expedition, for the purpose of erecting said quarters and stabling.

Respectfully submitted for the approval of the general commanding Department of the Pacific.

JOHN M. O'NEILL,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 17. Franklin, Tex., August 27, 1862.

I. The four companies of the Fifth U. S. Infantry now at Las Cruces, N. Mex., will be ordered by Colonel Joseph R. West, First Infantry California Volunteers, to proceed without delay to Fort Craig, N. Mex. Ten of the temas and two of the water-tanks belonging to the Column from California will go with these companies and return without delay, the teams laden with subsistence stores, for which Colonel West will make the proper requisition.

II. Captain Roberts' company (E), First Infantry California Volunteers, and Captain Pishon's company (D), First Cavalry California Volunteers, will be ordered by Colonel West to proceed without delay to Frnaklin, Tex., where Captain Roberts' company will take post, and whence Captain Pishon's company will march to Fort Stockton, in Texas, as a guard to some prisoners of the Confederate army who are to be sent to Texas on parole. Each of these companies will be rationed from the depot at Mesilla to inlcude the 30th proximo. Besides these rations Colonel West will send, escorted by Roberts' company, 6,000 rations of subsistence stores from the Mesilla depot to Franklin, Tex.

By order of Brigadier-General Calreton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant, First Infty. California Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 27, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I desire respectfully to call your attention to two requisitions forwarded to your office from Vancouver Depot, dated the 13th of October, 1860, pursuant to instructions from Colonel (now Brigadier General) George Wright, then commanding the Department of Oregon. The receipt of said requisitions was acknowledged by Captain W. Mayanadier under date of the 28th of November, 1860. I have to request compliance with said requisitions. I also herewith inclose to you a requisition in addition to the above asking for thirty rifled cannon of the heaviest caliber, with all the necessary ammunition, &amp;c. The fortification bill, approved 20th of February, 1862, provides for the commencement of

