
matter is respectfully submitted to the department commander for early instructions, by telegraph, if deemed advisable.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. EDWARD CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Gaston, Cal., July 2, 1864.

Honorable A. WILEY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to represent that your presence in this section at at early day would in my opinion be productive of much good to the service. On the Mendocino Indian Reservation there are quite a number of Redwood Indians woho were taken there several years ago by W. C. Kibbe, then adjutant-general of the State. It is believed that if you should bring with you one of those leading Indians he might exert a good influence on the balance of that tribe still in this part of the State. I have consulted with Colonel H. M. Black, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, commanding Humboldt Military District, upon these subjects, and he is very anxious you should as soon as practicable come to this portion of the district, and he agrees with me that a Redwood Indian from the reservation would exert a good influence upon those here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding \Fort Gaston.

FORT GASTON, CAL., July 2, 1864.

Captain A. MILLER,

First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Company C:

CAPTAIN: It is reported that the Indians are troublesome about Hyampom and above there. Every effort should be made to chastise them. The question of where your company headquarters is to be is left to your discretion, whether to remain at Burnt Ranch or remove up South Fork. It is expected Company C will protect the western borders of Trinity County from Indian depredations, &amp;c. Attention should also be given that Indians from this valley venturing up the Trinity be punished. Credit is due Lieutenant Middleton for arrest of deserters.

By order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., July 3, 1864.

First Lieutenant JOHN W. HOPKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters District of Oregon:

SIR: I have had no intelligence direct from Captain Currey's expedition since about the 15th of June. They were then all well and quiet,

