
not having found any Indians. Later reports have reached this post to the same purport; the expedition was moving toward Harney Lake. I am making diligent inquiry for intelligence from that direction, as well as from the emigrant routes from the east. I do not hear of any untoward events or any likelihood of their occurrence in either. In this connection I will mention that on account of the necessity of purchasing or hiring means of transportation to do so, I have not sent out the cavalry now here. The situation is satisfactory within their reach or power to effect anything. I have therefore concluded it best not to send them out and incur the expense of purchase of mules unless I have good reason to change my views. There are no Indians at Salmon Falls or on Snake River below that point, and but few in Camas Prairie or vicinity, and those mostly the Indians who were at this post during winter and spring. They are engaged in fishing on South Boise River and digging roots in Camas Prairie by consent of miners and occupants of the country. Captain Smith, of the California volunteers, from District of Utah, is actively engaged in patrolling Snake River from his depot on Raft River to Salmon Falls. I do not look for any difficulty between this place and Fort Hall. Emigrants from the States are beginning to arrive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Volunteers, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

San Francisco, July 5, 1864.

SIR: The major-general commanding the department will during the present or early in the coming week make a public inspection of Fort Point, Alcatraz, Black Point, Angel Island, and the Presidio of San Francisco, and the troops thereat.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to commanding officers of Presidio, Fort Point, Alcatraz, Black Point, and Angel Island.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 42. Drum Barracks, Cal., July 5, 1864.

1. Captain John M. Cass, Fourth California Infantry, will proceed to-morrow to the Soledad mining district, situated sixty miles north of the city of Los Angeles, and will investigate the extent and nature of the opposition which is represented to be made against union people there. Those opposed to our Government are to be silenced and our friends encouraged and supported.

* * * * * * *

4. The depot quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,

Second Lieutenant, Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

