SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 26. Fort Humboldt, Cal., July 5, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. The camp at Boynton's Prairie is hereby broken up, and Captain Buckley with his company (C), Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Camp Iaqua and report to commanding officer of same for duty.

* * * * * * *

By order of Colonel Black:

JAMES ULIO,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infty. California Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., July 6, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: By parties just arrived from California, via Goose, Harney, and Malheur Lakes, I learn that Captain Drake's command was in the vicinity of the latter; that they had scouting parties out expecting to fall in with Captain Currey. The travelers on this route have not reported any difficulty or the appearance of Indians or their sign for some time, which leads me to suppose that the Indians have either collected and await an attack or that they have left for the south and east. Small parties with large bands of stock are continually arriving without loss or molestation. I have not been able to hear anything of Captain Currey since about the 15th of June. It is near time that his supply train should be in. I shall make constant inquiries of parties from that direction, and at the risk of writing of matters of which you may be previously advised communicate all I learn. So far as I can from information determine Captain Drake's and Captain Currey's intentions, when last heard from, the latter must be some distance south of Captain Drake. Captain Currey will be compelled, I think, to turn the southern point ow what is known as the Snow Range, which will take him sout of Harney Lake. Rain and snow has been of every few days' occurrence up to the present time on the Owyhee Mountains. The range referred to is, I believe, on e of perpetual snow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., July 9, 1864.

(Received 9. 40 a. m. 10th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I earnestly beg as a favor, both personal and official, that paragraph III, of War Department Special Orders, Numbers 207, ordering Major Montgomery to report to me for duty, may be chnged, and that nothing be done to interfere with my having Major Kirkham, my chief quartermaster, as already ordered and announced. Major Kirkham, from his extensive personal knowlartment and his character, is

