
instructions of the 24th ultimo are so far modified that instead of establishing your depot at the South Fork you are authorized to establish it at such point on the Canyon City road as you shall deem expedient, changing it if it shall become advisable.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 10, 1864.

Captain W. M. KNOX,

First Washington Territory Infantry, Present:

CAPTAIN: You will take steps when on Puget Sound to procure information of rthis office on the following points: First. Will troops leaving the mouth of the Pysht River (understood to be near Clallam Bay) need pack animals in getting over thence to the muth of the Quilliute? Second. Cannot troops leave that point with four days' rations in their haversacks and get to the mounth of the Quilliute? Third. Are 100 men necessary for such an expedition? How many men at the lowest are necessary? Fourth. Are there any armed men on the Shubrick? Would the Shubrick go to the mouth of the Quilliute to assist in such an expedition? This depends on the collector at Port Angeles. unless troops can be obtained from San Francisco temporarily to repair to Puget Sound for this expedition it cannot be carried out now, but all the necessary information should be procured. You will, if necessary, proceed on the sound steamer to Port Angeles to discharge this duty. At port Townsend make inquiries whether a pilot to go into the Quilliute Harbor can be obtained. The schooner Potter, of Port Townsend, has been there. This is stated by J. G. Swan in his communication on this subject. Report by letter as soon as you are ready to do so.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SACRAMENTO, July 11, 1864 - 8. 30 a. m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Arrangements made for protection of overland stages, mounted or in carriages, on Wednesday.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Inclosed herewith is a copy of my letter of instructions to Lieutenant Knight, Second Cavalry, commanding a detachment of

