
cavalry which will march hence to-morrow. Knight is shrewd and active, and if it is possible I think he is the man to capture those robbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, Sacramento, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant W. L. KNIGHT,

Second California Volunteer Cavalry,

Commanding Detach. for Special Service, Camp Union, Sacramento:

SIR: You have been selected to command a detachment of two non-commissioned officers and ten privates o fhte Second California Cavalry, detailed for special service. The object is to afford protection to the overland mail stage between Folsom and Carson City. Bands of robbers infest the whole route and have very lately stopped the stages and robbed them of treasure. The robbers are well armed and mounted. You will march from Camp Union to-morrow and proceed by the way of Folsom and Placerville to Lake Tahoe. The quartermaster's department will furnish you with one six-mule wagon, which will convey thirty days' rations for your men, two tents, and the necessary cooking utensils. See that your postols and carbines are in order and that you have an ample supply of ammunition. On your march and after reaching the lake consult freely with the proprietors and agents of the stage company and afford every possible protection against robbery, and use your utmost exertins to arrest the robbers. You will first go through to the lake, but you can change your position to different points according to your judgment. Occasinally it may be well to throw six or eight men fully armed into the stage secretly at night. They should be in the rear stage, on the alert, ready to spring out should the advance stage be stopped. I will have arrangements made with the Overland Mail Company so that you can get forage for your animals at their different stations. Get the exact daily allowance for your horses and mules and give the agents receipts. I rely fully upon your wellknown activity and energy not only to give protection to the stages, but to capture the robbers. Report to me when you change your position, and at least three times a week besides.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit a report for the information of the major-general commanding the department as to the expiration of term of service of the volunteer troops serving in this district, and of the necessity of timely steps being taken to replace them. They consist of six companies of the First Oregon Cavalry Volunteers, ten companies of the First Washington Territory Volunteers, and one company

