
raising of 1,600 men by draft for this district I do not say that they should all come from Orgon and Washington Territory. California has always furnished its share for our defense. Considering that her population has been seven times as large, and that the frontiers of my district are as large and remote as those of California, it will appear reasonable that she should contribute her proportion to the defense of this region. As the telegraph informs us that the new law requires fifty days' notice of the intended draft, you will perceive that there is but little time left for the necessary orders and arrangements.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the hnor to furnish at the request of Major-General McDowell the following memorandum of artillerymen required to garrison the forts in San Francisco Harbor: Alcatraz Island, 600; Fort Point, 700; Point San Jose, 100; Angel Island, 150; total, 1,550. This memorandum only covers the number of artillerymen required for the guns now in position and those which will soon be in position. It does not include artillery reserves or the guards of the batteries. I will add the number of artillerymen required for the forts at the mouth of the Columbia River: Cape Disappointment, 150; Point Adams, 200; total, 350.

I have the honor to be, colonel,

GEORGE H. ELLIOT,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., near Grat Salt Lake City, July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: For the information of the general commanding the department I have the honor to inform you that I have deemed it advisable to establish a provost guard in Great Salt Lake City, and for that purpose issued the necessary orders on the 9th instant, a copy of which has been duly forwarded to department headquarters. The main motives which at this time impelled this course are briefly as follows: The people of this Territory, under the implicit guidance of Brigham Young, are steeped in disloyalty and omit no opportunity of making display of it and injuring the Government by every means in their power. The recent gold currency movement (more fully adverted to in previous communications) has its origin in the disloyalty of the church authorities and their determination to depreciate the national currency. Wherever the arch traitor Brigham Young has been recently among the settlements instilling his poinson in the minds of the people, Treasury notes are depreciated to a mere tithe of their value, and in not a few instances refused and repudiated altogether. I am in hopes that the establishment of a provost guard in the city, under the command of discreet officers, may be beneficial in its effect of checking, if not

