SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 35. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 8, 1862.

I. Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Maury, First Regiment Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, will proceed with three companies of his regiment upon the emigrant road as far as Salmon River FAlls, for the protection of the expected emigration. The expedition will leave Fort Walla Walla on the 25th of July, or as soon thereafter as is practicable.

II. Major J. S. Rinearson, First Regiment Oregon Volunteer Cavalry, with one company of his regiment, will proceed on the 1st proximo to the Lapwai, near Lewiston, Wash. Ter., and encamp his command. He will receive special instructions from these headquarters.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Maury will designate the companies of his regiment which will compose these expedition.

IV. Both expeditions will remain in the field and not return to Fort Walla Walla until the 1st of November.

V. The assistant quartermaster and commissary at Fort Walla Walla will make immediate arrangements for the transportation and subsistence of said commands, hiring transportation if necessary.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

WM. B. HUGHES,First Lieutenant, Ninth Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE NEZ PERCES INDIAN AGENCY,

Lapwai, Wash. Ter., July 8, 1862.

General B. ALVORD,

Commanding Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

GENERAL: It is required, in order to maintain the laws of the United States on this Indian reservation, to protect the Nez Perce Indians from iniquitous outrages on their persons and property by vicious white men, to expel from the country and commit for punishment white men who are infamously and openly trafficking in intoxicating liquors with Indians, and to preserve the Nez Perces from seeking personal vengeance against their accumulating aggravations, that mounted U. S. troops to the number of at least one company be immediately sent here, and that such be permanently stationed for these purpose while this country is reserved by law and treaty for the sole use and occupation of the Nez Pere tribe of Indians. I have made repeated requisitions on your predecessors in command at Fort Vancouver, as well as on the several commanders of the adjoining post at Fort Walla Walla, and their failure to supply such troops has suffered the Indians to be affected by the most demoralizing results, and the continuance of want of troops here will soon be painfully manifested in the utter degradation and debasement of a tribe of Indians who above all others on this coast are especially entitled to the protection of the Government by their long unwavering loyalty, their past uniform kindness and services to the whites and their intrinsic superiority over their brethren of the same unfortunate race.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. HUTCHINS,

Indian Agent, Washington Territory.

