
defeating altogether, the machinations of those bold, bad men. In addition to this, it has long been apparent that there was necessity for such guard to take care of soldiers visiting the city, and to prevent noisy demonstrations of disloyalty by emigrants passing through to California and Nevada.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

CAMP AT WESTERN BASE OF GOOSE LAKE MOUNTAINS,

Seventy-two Miles east of Fort Klamath, July 12, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. Army,

San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have to report that Indian matters in this vicinity appear favoarble, and with Lieutenant Underwood in command at Fort Klamath during my absence I apprehend no difficulty with the Klamath Lake Indians proper during the present season. The Modocs also appear sufficiently friendly to warrant the belief that they, too, are disposed to remain quiet, for the present at least. La Lake's tribe of Klamaths, who live in the immediate vicinity of the fort, have all reported in person to Lieutenant Underwood at the post, and Moshunkosh-cut's band, occupying Sprague's River Valley, through which I have passed, I have seen myself. Lieutenant Underwood reports that he is satisfied that none of La Lake's band were concerned in the attack upon Mr. Richardson, and I am convinced that none of Moshun-kosh-cut's were. An investigation of the matter shows conclusively that the attack was made entirely beyond the limits of the country claimed by the Klamaths, and in a country occupied by Indians of Ou-a-luck's band, who are ginving so much trouble near Canyon City. I have also seen a few of the Modoc tribe, but not the chief. One of the principal men of this tribe has brought in three mules of the pack train connected with this command that had run away and could not be found. Mr. Richardson and train, the party attacked between here and Canyon City, 24th ultimo, are with me, as is also Mr. Allen, the conductor of another train which was some distance in the rear when the attack was made upon Richardson. Both trains will accompany me through the Sierra Nevada Mountains toward the Owyhee country. The route I have explored thus far is an excellent one, having a very easy grade, with an abundance of good grazing, good water, and is tolerably well wooded. If I succeed in finding a good pass over the Sierra Nevadas this will immediately become a portin of the main thoroughfare from Yreka, Jacksonville, Roseburg, and Eugene City to the Owyhee country. Sprague's River Valley, through which over fifty miles of the route is located, is larger than Rogue River Valley, and though the climate is cold, it is an excellent region for grazing purposes. The general character of the country passed over to this point is volcanic, but a reconnaissance yesterday, twelve miles ahead of this camp, disclosed indications of ironstone and granite, and some guartz, and what is of more value just now, an excellent pass over the Goose Lake Mountains. The main range of the Sierras are plainly visible from a point one mile from the eastward of this camp; distant, I judge, about forty miles. I move across the Goose Lake Mountains to-morrow, and knowing little of the country ahead and nothing of the present disposition of the

