
Indians there, it will probably be two or three weeks before I send out another express. Discipline in this command is fully restored, and is of the very highest order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. DREW,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry Oregon Volunteers,

Commanding Fort Klamath and Owyhee Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 12, 1864.

Captain GEORGE B. CURREY,

First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Expedition:

(Via Fort Dalles, Oreg.)

CAPTAIN: The general commmanding directs me to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 2nd instant from Camp Numbers 46, northeast of Harney Lake Valley. * He approves of your movements, as heretofore communicated. He is pleased to learn from this letter that you marched with the two commands next day direct toward Canyon City, intending to clear the region of John Day's River of Indians within the next thirty days, and to chastise the murderers of Lieutenant Watson and the plunderers of our people. This is a very important duty, and the general wishes you the utmost success. The Indian women captured near Camp Maury report that the chief, Po-li-ni, has some intrenched stronghold in the mountains. It will be well to examine into the truth of this report, though it may not be entirely reliable. If the Indians are found occupying such strongholds they can easily be dislodged by a charge on foot, a few men being detailed to hold the horses. They will choose points not accessible on horseback. It will be found of little account to fire at them while they lie concealed. A charge should be made with loaded rifles. The Indians will be sure to run, and can be shot down as they run. They were never known to stand a close charge upon their hiding places. If any terms of surrender or peace-making are offered, you will accept of nothing short of unconditional surrender, a promise to reside in peace upon the Klamath Indian Reservation, and a restoration of all the stolen property in their possession. The general confides, as herefore, your movements to your own discretion. it will be an agreable consummation if, in addition to chastising the Snakes, you shall be able to restore to the suffering citizens of Canyon City and The Dalles any of the animals stolen from them by these marauders. It would seem that there may be white men leagued with them, as on one or two ocassions these Indians demanded the surrender of the mules without firing a gun.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CAMP DOUGLAS, July 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Encouraged by the unfavorable news from the East, the Mormons are assuming a very hostile attitude. They have about 1,000 men

---------------

* See Part I, p. 319.

---------------

