HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., July 14, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: In my letter of June 7 I indicated my reasons for not sending out troops from this post to the vicinity of the Owyhee mines. In one of July 3 the question was allunded to again. By the arrival of the express from Captain Currey I learned that his depot had been removed much farthur west, and immediately contemplated the probable contingency of difficulty in his rear-that is, in the neighborhood of the mines-and directed the quartermaster to make the necessary purchase of mules for the transportation of supplies for the detachment of cavalry. This up to the present time he has been unable to effect. Yesterday I learned that there was a large band of Indians near Boonville; that they had stolen much property, and had driven back a party of fifty citizens with a loss of three men. They are represented as well posted for defense on the north branches of Bruneau River, some fifty miles south of Boonville, and numbering 300 warrious. Captain Currey's supply train (wagons) is now here, and will leave in the morning. I will have it escorted by the cavalry to the vicinity of his depot, and will attempt to move such infantry as can be spared, with one howitzer. Including the cavalry the force will amount to about seventy-five men. To this will be added a few selected citizens the Owyhee mines as scouts, guides, &amp;c. All this, however, depends upon the procurement of transportation. I have directed the quartermaster to purchase, if possible. Owners appear desirous of forcing exorbitant prices for hire, rather than sell at any price. I think, however, that he will be able to purchase at moderately reasonable rates. No more than will be absolutely necessary will be purchased. A team or two will be taken as far as Boonville, where a deposit for temporary purpose can be made. All or whatever portion of the command that may be considered necessary will remain in that vicinity, at any event, until Captain Currey's return to Jordan Creek, which will probably be about the 10th of August. The delay of the supply train at Walla Walla is a matter of serious consequence. Having to fill Captain Currey's requisitions from supplies for this post will leave the contemplated expedition, supposing it takes forty days' rations, short of salt meat, and beef in that country just now appears to be a serious incumbrance. I have directed the acting commissary of subsistence to make a statement of subsistence stores on hand, and those already required, and in addition to make requisitions for a considerable increase of rations over the calculation made last spring, reasons for which be stated on the transmission of his requisition.

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 154. San Francisco, Cal., July 15, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to and assume command of Camp Union, near Sacramento, Call.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

