
for which reason I have deemed it my duty to facilitate his going North to confer with you. He will leave to-morrow in the steamer Liberty for New York, with a letter from me to you.

I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

THOMAS SAVAGE,

Acting Consul-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: In obedience to instructions from Colonel R. E. De Russy, U. S. Engineers, in charge of the additional defenses of San Francisco, &amp;c., I have the honor to submit the following report on the character, position, and state of forwardness of the works on Angel Island: These works are three in number, and consist of earthen parapets twenty feet thick for barbette batteries, and are sustained on the inside by revetments of timber. They are at Point Stewart, at the entrance of Raccon Straits; at Point Knox, a projecting point about 650 yards to the east, and at Point Blunt, on the southeast point of the island. The distance from Point Knox to Point Blunt is 2,200 yards. Point Stewart is a work for four guns, three of which are 32-pounders and the fourth a 10-inch Rodman gun. They all command the straits the straits to within 200 yards of the shore, and the large one, being on the salient point of the island and on a center-pintle carriage, has a range of fire 255 degrees, crossing fire with Point Knox. The interior crest of this work is 111 1/2 feet above ordinary high water. The excavation for the magazine is completed and the timber for it framed. To complete it will require from two three weeks. A road to this battery has just been finished, which will allow the materials for the magazine and platforms to be brought to it. The guns will be mounted within ten days. The battery at Point Knox is for ten guns, seven of which are 32-pounders, two 10-inch Rodman, and one 8 inch Rodman. They have a range of fire of 180 degrees, crossing fire with Point Stewart, Alcatraz, and Point Blunt. Its interior crest is 129 1/2 feet above high-water mark. The parapet and magazine are completed and all the guns will be mounted and the work in a state of defense within a week. The battery at Point Blunt is designed for seven guns, six of which are 32-pounders and the other a 10-inch Rodman gun. The interior crest is fifty-one and a half feet above high-water mark and crosses fire with Alcatraz and Point Knox. The parapet of the work is completed. A ramp and magazine were commenced four days ago. It is expected this work will require three weeks for its comletion. These batteries are so arranged that no vessel can lie anywhere between Point Stewart and Point Blunt without its being commanded by one or more of their guns.

Respectfully submitted.

R. S. WILLIAMSON,

Major, U. S. Engineers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 155. San Francisco, Cal., July 16, 1864.

* * * * *

5. Major Edward McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to Camp Douglas, near Salt Lake City, and report to Brigadier General

