
P. Edward Connor, commanding District of Utah, for duty. The major will assume command of the Second Regiment of Cavalry California Volunteers. The quartermaster's department will advance to Major McGarry sufficient funds to enable him to reach his destination without delay.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 16, 1864.

Captain CHARLES H. POOR, U. S. Navy,

Senior Officer on the Coast of California:

SIR: I have the honor to send you herewith for your information, and such action as the case may in your opinion demand and you may have the means to afford, a copy of a letter dated June 9 [29], 1864, from the U. S. vice-consul at Guaymas, Mexico, inclosing a letter from the U. S. consul at Monterey, Mexico, and the statement of certain American citizens at Guaymas and Mazatlan, giving information of an intent on the part of rebel enemies to seize an American steamer on this coast. To guard as far as may be against mutiny and piracy on the part of persons going on board of stamers as passengers I have issued an order, of which I inclose a copy,* and have the honor to be,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Inclosure.] MILITARY COMMANDANT OF THE PACIFIC:

I, the undersigned, vice-consul of the United States for the post of Guaymas, herewith transmit for your information the following documents, viz, an official letter from the U. S. consul in Monterey, and a representation from some of the loyal citizens of the United States, now residing in this place, whom I personally know to be worthy of respect. In submitting these documents to your consideration I can merely state that the facts described in the representation I believe to be wholly true. With these facts before me I believe the interests of our Government and the lives and property of the loyal citizens now residing and doing business here imperatively demand the constant presence of a naval force in this harbor, with that of Mazatlan.

Given under my hand and the seal of the consulate this 29th day of June, A. D. 1864.

[SEAL.]

CHAS. G. BRYANT,

U. S. Vice-Consul.

U. S. CONSULATE, Montercy, Mexico, May 17, 1864.

U. S. CONSUL,

Guaymas, Mexico:

SIR: An American named Robertson, or Robinson, is on his way to the Pacific Coast expecting to capture one of the California steamers

---------------

* Not found as an inclosure, but see General Orders, Numbers 35, of July 19, p. 911.

---------------

