
at either Mazatlan or Guaymas. He has with him several men. They all came here from Texas, where they have served in the rebel army. He was heard to say while here that there would be no difficutly in accomplishing his object, as all the men on the California steamers running down the Pacific coast were Southerners. I have notified our consul at Mazatlan, and for fear of its being lost will write him again.

Yours, truly,

M. M. KIMMEY,

U. S. Consul.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

GUAYMAS, June 29, 1864.

U. S. VICE-CONSUL,

Guaymas, Mexico:

We, the subscribers, would most respectfully represent that there have recently arrived in this city certain parties from the valley of the Mississippi, among them a man known by the name of Robinson, and another as Kennedy; that we have good reason to believe that the object of these men is the seizure of one or more of the steamers running upon this coast for the purpose of converting them into privateers; that since their arrival these men have been constant in their efforts to organize and strengthen their from among their sympathizers in this place, who are numerous; that among others one of the subscribers, Mr. Collins, was approached, to whom they in a manner developed their plans, and that another of the subscribers, Mr. Dering, was also approached, and in Mazatan another of the subscribers, Mr. Duffield, ascertained that there was another party organized to act concert with the parties here to carry out the objects above indicated; and we furthermore understand that official information has been received at your office from Monterey and Mazatlan that plans of his kind were on foot, and indicating the very parties now here as the agents. Now, therefore, we would most respectfully request that you would transmit to the head of the Military Department of the Pacific such information as you may be in possession of, and also this represention, with an earnest demand that a requisite naval force may be kept in this harbor, and that of Mazatlan, to protect the lives and interests of loyal citizens of the United States, and we, loyal citizens of the United States, would represent that without such protection we believe all our interests to be in imminent jeopardy.

M. B. DUFFIELD,

U. S. Marshal of Arizona.

W. H. DAUGHERTY,

Captain U. S. [Steamer] General Jesup.

J. J. RODGERS.

N. R. DERING.

NATHANIEL HILLER.

FARRELLY ALDEN,

Late Vice-Consul.

WM. G. MOODY.

JOSEPH TILDEN.

J. L. RIPLEY.

GEO. PHILLIPS.

JAMES COLLINS.

E. NAHEMAN,

Steamer Oregon.

