HEADQUARTERS,San Francisco, July 16, 1864.

Colonel J. F. CURTIS,

Drum Barracks, Los Angeles, Cal.:

Order Sherman's company from La Paz to Fort Yuma, unless you beem its longer stay necessary.

By order:

RICH. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 16, 1864.

Colonel JAMES F. CURTIS,

Fourth California Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding District of Southern California:

SIR: The commanding general directs that the Fourth Infantry company in camp at or near La Paz, Ariz. Ter., will unless you deem its longer stay necessary at that point, return to Fort Yuma.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 16, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of Utah:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of July 1, reporting the peaceable state of affairs in your district, and of July 2, reporting the determination of a few Salt Lake merchants to initiate a forced charge in the currncy of the Territory, and requsting the instruction of the department commander in relation to the course you shall take in the matter, it having been your first impulse to crush out a once and forever so unpatriotic and suicidal a policy. Soon after the receipt of these letters came your telgrams of the 13th, received last night, and of the 15th, received to-day, reporting a threatened insurrestion on the part of the Mormons, on the alleged pretext of the presence of the provost guard in Sait Lake City. Last night I telegraphed you in answer to yours of the 13th as follows: "The major-general commanding the department approves of your determination to avoid a conflict with the Mormons. Do so by all means. Is there not some other cause than the mere presence of the guard in the city? Examine closely. Remove the guard and troops that their presence should cost a war. " The major-general commanding directs me to say that he has every confidence in your discretion and good judgment, as he has in your zeal and ability, and is certain he will not have to appeal to these high qualities in vain. The condition of affairs at Salt Lake as reported by you is very critical, not only as regards your own command, but a regards this department and the whole country. The question is, are we at this time, and as we are now situated, in a condition to undertake to carry on a war against the Mormons-for any cause whatever-if it can possibly be avoided; not whether there are not matters that require to be changed, bad government and worse morals to

