
October, 1860, asking for a supply of heavy ordnance for the defense of the mouth of the Columbia River. Lieutenant G. H. Elliot, of engineers, was then absent in Oregon making an examination with a view to such defenses. Having written to him on the subject, I have been awaiting his reply before taking any action. Despairing of receiving it, I have concluded to wait no longer. Herewith I have the honor to inclose to you a letter* to Brigadier-General Ripley, Chief of Ordnance, inclosing a requisition for thirty rifled cannon of largest caliber, with the necessary ammunition and appurtenances. Military Store-keeper Eckerson has made out said requisitions in compliance with my instructions. I will respectfully request that the general commanding the department will forward these papers with his favorable indorsement on the letter and requisition. This was the number suggested by Lieutenant Colonel R. E. De Russy, of engineers, in my conversation with him when in San Francisco. You will noitce that I have requested that the charter of the vessel or vessels shall provide that after reaching Astoria the places of delivery of the articles shall be designated. This will give time for the engineers, under the authority of the general commanding the department, to decide where they shall be landed, and to commence batteries accordingly. You will noitce that my letter to General Ripley asks that the requisitions forwarded 13th of October, 1860, shall also be complied with. If all are sent it will be but a mere beginning in what is needed for this region. Your communication of the 16th instant has just been received, returning to me certain requisitions for ordnance and ordnance stores asked for from Benicia Arsenal. You are right in sayingthat the articles asked for "in the event of foreign aggressions would be totally inadequate to the defense of this coast," and they were so regarded at these headquarters. But however small that requisition was, I must be allowed to say that the articles should be on hand at this depot. The requisitions were prepared pursuant to my request. The best statement of their necessity I have found in the dispatches made to the Government in 1860 by the general commanding. I may venture at some future date, with his permission, to renew those requisitions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

CAMP INDEPENDENCE, OWEN'S RIVER VALLEY,

August 28, 1862.

Major R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco:

SIR: Since writing you last, at which time I forwarded a treaty made at this camp, two chiefs belonging in the upper or northern part of this valley, named To-co-ba-ca and To-yah-nook, and ten of their warriors, came inot camp and delivered one rifle and one California horse. I have now in my possession 2 shotguns (double), 1 musket, 1 Shrps carbine, 9 rifles, 1 Colt pistol (large size), and 1 horse. What disposition small I make of said property? During the conference I had with the Indians they endeavored to satisfy me that the late troubles were not sought or brought about by them, but by white men, who not only took forcible possession of their property and outraged their women, but that they actually murdered without any just cause

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

