
be corrected, and the authority of the National Government to be more thoroughly enforced; but can we not pass all these by for the present, at least, and thus avoid weakening the General Government, now taxed to its utmost and struggling for its very existence. Your forces are very few and scattered-so the general finds those in the other districts-so undoubtedly will be found those in the Territories adjoining you. To send you the forces necessary to resist the Mormons, much more to assail them, would require more means and men than could be gathered together and sent to you from this coast; to send away those which could be had would leave it in the hands of secessionists, and that at a time the inhabitants are looking with anxiety to the troubled and critical state of foreign affairs.

A war with the Mormons would be the opportunity which our domestic enemies would not fail to improve, and it is not too much to say that at this time such a war would proce fatal to the Union cause in this department. Under these circumstances, the major-general considers that it is the course of true patriotism for you to embark in any hostilies, nor suffer yourself to be drawn into any course which will lead to hostilities. It is infinitely better that you should, under the present circumstances, avoid contact with them. The object of troops being at this time in Utah is to protect the overland route and not to endeavor to correst the evil conduct, manifest as it is, of the inhabitants of that Territory. This undoubtedly will tax your forbearance and your prudence to the utmost, but the general trusts it will not do so in vain. At this distance the general is unable to give you specific instructions as to the particular things to be done or to be avoided, and must necessarily leave the details in your hands.

To insure this dispatch reaching you it is sent by the hands of that excellent officer Major McGarry, whom you will retain, if you require him, at the headquarters of his regiment. He is informed of the contents of this dispatch, so that he may communicate them in case he has to destroy it. It would be well, however, if they were kept by you in strict confidence. A telegraphic cipher is also sent.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SALT LAKE CITY, July 16, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The excitement is fast abating; any indication of weakness or vacillation on my part would precipitate trouble. The presence of the provost guard was simply the excuse for the development of the innate and persistent disloyalty of the church leaders, who seek to force me into some position which will secure my removal and a consequent overthrow of my policy in Utah. The removal of the provost guard under the circumstances would be disastrous in the exteme. My opinion is decided that a firm front presented to their armed demonstrations will alone secure peace and conteract the machinations of the traitor leaders of this fanatical and deluded people.

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

