
an American port and a foreign port, or on an American vessel leaving an American port to ply between foreign ports, will be required to deliver any and every weapon in his possession to the officer of the ship who may be designated for the purpose by the master, owners, or agents thereof. This officer will effectually secure all arms so received, will give receitps for them, and will return them to their respective owners when they quit the ship at the end of their voyage.

2. That there be no evasion of this order, it is made the duty of the master of every steamer, as above designated, to cause passengers to be examined by one of the ship's officers as they come on board of the vessel, or of the lighter, boat, or tug which may carry them to it, and at the same time to cause every article of baggage which the passengers may have in their hands, or to which they have access, to be thoroughly searched. Through baggage which shall pass at once into the possession of the master of the ship, and to which passengers shall have no access during the voyage, need not be searched. Should there be an occassion for any one to visit it, it must be under the eye of one of the ship's officers, or the person so visiting it must be again examined as he quaits the baggage room. Through baggage not in a baggage room, but placed on deck or elsewhere within reach of passengers, must either be searched or placed under constant guard, and no one allowed to open it except in the presence of one of the ship's officers. Passengers who may on the voyage go ashore at any intermediate ports will be subjected tnation when they return as when they first came on board.

3. The steamer's officers should have arms for their own protection and that of their vessel, and be on their guard that on one has an opportunity of seizing them.

4. As there are so few things so annoying as these examinations, those on whom this duty may fall are enjoined to make them with every consideration for the passengers consist with an effective compliance with this order.

In view of the calamity which the seizure of a steamer on these distant seas would be to the nation, and the disaster it would entail on this coast, and the ruin it would prove to the unfortunate travelers on board, it is confidently hoped that all good and loyal people will, by their ready compliance therewith, be active in their support of the measures herein ordered, so that none but our covert enemies may be fourd demoncing, opposing, or endeavoring to evade them.

By command of Major General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 156. San Francisco, Cal., July 19, 1864.

1. Colonel Francis J. Lippitt, Second Infantry California Volunteers, will repair to Fort Miller and assume command of his regiment, headquarters Fort Miller. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

2. Lieutenant Colonel William Jones, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to Camp Douglas, near Salt Lake City, and report to Brigadier General P. Edward Connor, commanding District of Utah. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

