
[JULY 19, 1864. -For Carleton to Coult, relating to disposition of troops and supplies in Arizona, see Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 277.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 53, from your headquarters, appointing a provost-marshal and detailing a company as a provost guard to be quartered in the city of Salt Lake. The necessity for posting a guard in the city is not apparent to the commanding general, while on the other hand much dissafisfaction may result from such a movement. If the object was to keep soldiers out of the city and return stragglers or loungers to their companies it might have been accomplished by sending a patrol from Camp Douglas daily. The order above referred to will be revoked and the guard withdrawn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., July 19, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Since my letter of 14th instant nothing new has transpired. The reports from Jordan Creek as regards depredations and the defeat of a party of citizens by the Indians are corroborated. They are said to be quit bold, and display themselves on the mountain in the immediate vicinity of Ruby City. I succeeded in moving Lieutenant Funk, in command of forty-seven enlisted men of the infantry and a party of the cavalry, at daylight on the 18th, a portion of the cavalry having preceded him under Lieutenant Hardenborgh as additional escort to his supply train. They are expected to join the main party as soon as they can be relieved with safety to Captain Currey's supplies. I have no reports from the expedition of the latter. Some thirty-odd mules, with aparejos, were purchased at reasonable rates and a few hired. They carried forty days' rations for seventy-five men. I understand that a party of citizens have collected with the expectation of attacking the Indians. Whether they will await the arrival of the troops I am unable to learn, but hope they may. Lieutenant Funk will reach Boonville or Ruby City on the evening of the 20th, at which place I expect to join him, accompanied by Lieutenant White and Hobart. The court of which we were members having concluded its business to-day, I hope to reach Ruby City on the night of the 21st. My course will then be determined by information I may get there and attendant circumstances. I do not think of remaining longer or after Captain Currey's return to that part of the country, but will, if deemed advisable, leave part or all of the men somewhere near the mines. Reports have been freely circulated of trouble about ten miles above Salmon Falls. I am inclined to discredit them; at all events I have not been able to obtain any direct information on the point. Reliable information is received that there are now about 300 Indians (men) on Camas

58 R R-VOL L, PT II.

