
Prairie. This I learned last evening from a Mr. Purvine, who is mining on South Boise. There are as yet no indications of hostility. The larger proportion of them are said to be from the Humboldt Mountains, which is at least a suspicious circumstance. Mr. Purvine is a wellknown citizen. I think the force at this post should be increased by at least one company of cavalry. It is, I presume, impossible under present circumstances, but as a sound precaution I would recommend that Captain Small's company (G) be sent here for winter, if possible to procure forage at any reasonable rate. Hay is already engaged at $35 and $40 (currency) per ton in considerable quartity, which is as cheap as can be expected, and no doubt more, if considered necessary, can be procured at the same figures. The quartermaster has been directed to advertise for grain and straw, the bids for which will be reported when the question of increasing the cavalry, force can be determined. I think it necessary, but if grain cannot be procured at less rates than last season, it would make it very costly to maintain cavalry here in such condition as would enable them to operate efficiently at any time during the winter season. The work in all branches is progressing satisfactorily at the post. Catain Seidenstriker is left temporarily in command. Expenditures will be necessarily large, but everything that attention, with strict regard for propriety and the interests of the Government, can accomplish will be done. If anything of iterest transpires during my absence I will embrace the earliest opportunity of advising the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 20, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Salt Lake City:

I answer to your letter of the 9th and telegram of 13th instant, the major-general commanding directs me to say that he does not at this day deem it expedient to interfere by military force to regulate the currency in the District of Utah.

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT GASTON, CAL., July 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the department commander that the mail route between Arcata, Humbold Country, and Weaverville, Trinity Country (Route Numbers 14849), is now considered perfectly safe for the conveyance of mails without escorts. Private citizens are continually traveling between these points without molestation, and supply trains are sent from this post to Burnt Ranch, distant about thirty miles, on route to Weaverville, without escort. I respectfully recommend that the above route be again opened.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Post.

