HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, July 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San. Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to ask the attention of the major-general commanding to the case of the Mexican general, Emelio Langerg, lately arrived at San Francisco. He has doubtless been sent here by the "council of five" for the purpose of bribing the Mexicans in our midst to pronounce in favor of the Imperial Government. I have no apprehensions that this traitor to his country will be successful in his mission, yet I would not permit him to remain in our midst, striving, as he is, to enlist the sympathies of our Mexican population on the side of usurpation and tyranny. I firmly believe that this man has been sent to California not only to bring over to the Imperial party the Mexicans residing here, but to ascertain the public feeding on this coast in relation to the occupation of Mexico by the French and to fan the spirit of disloyalty by promises of foreign aid. We must not disguise from ourselves the fact that France has an eye on California, and hence all agents sent here from Mexico should be distructed. My sympathies from the beginning have been strongly in favor of our sister Republic, and I pray that the noble, patriotic, and thrilling responses of the generals, Vega, Uraga, and Trias, may strike deep into the heart of every Mexican and cause them to rise en masse and hurl back to the sea their ruthless invaders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, Numbers 1. Sacramento, July 22, 1864.

First Lieutenant Edward D. Waite, Ninth Infantry, is hereby appointed aide-de-camp to Brigadier General George Wright. He will repair to district headquarters and report for duty. Lieutenant Waite will perform the duties of acting assistant adjutant-general for the district. Communications will be addressed accordingly.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SUSANVILLE, CAL., July 22, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: I have visited the Indian country agreeably to orders from headquarters Fort Churchill, and found no Indians but what were paeceable. I have also visited Surprise Valley. The Indians are also quiet there, and I have every reason to believe that they will give the settlers in that portion of the country no trouble. I can see no use for troops in this portion of the country. It is very expensive, as I have to pay for the general commanding I should like to be ordered back to Fort Churchill. Several of my men being sick and having no physician along with me, I have been obliged to employ one. Should the general commanding deem it necessary to have troops stationed in this part of

