
the country I would recommend Surprise. Valley as headquarters, as it is a splendid valley for animals to graze. The expense of keeping a company or two there would be but little.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. WELLS,

Captain Company D, First Batt. Nevada Territory Vol. Cavalry.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding District of California.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, August 4, 1864.

Referred to Major McDermit, commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., for special report. Return letter of Captain Wells to this office.

By order of Brigadier-General Wright:

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. STEAMER SARANAC,

San Francisco, July 24, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 16th instant, with the accompanying documents. Being at Mare Island at the time, I regret to say they did not reach me in season to forward copies to the admiral of the squadron by the steamer of yesterday; but will do so the next steamer, and have no doubt that he will take immediate action in relation to the subject.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. POOR,

Commodore and Senior Naval Officer Present.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH,Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., near Great Salt Lake City, July 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at the hands of Major McGarry, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, of your dispatch of the 16th instant, communicating to me the views of the major-general commanding the department in reference to present and future Mormon complications in Utah, and also your favor of same date inclosing a telegraphic cipher.

Last night I telegraphed you as follows:

McGarry has arrived; all quiet. The wishes of the commanding general will be strictly complied with.

