
With the addition of three or four companies from Fort Churchill I will be responsible for the protection of the overland mail and the peaceable solution of the Mormon question. I am aware how difficult it must be, even after the fullest exposition in writing, for one at a distance to fully comprehend the state of affairs exicting in this Territory, and I feel sensible of the high honor done me by the commanding general in his expressions of reliance on my judgment and discretion. At the same time I am thankful for the very full expositions you have given me of the views of the commanding general, and take this occasion to repeat that they shall be implicitly observed by me, with the confident hope that northing shall occur in my power to prevent which will case him to feel that his reliance in me has been misplaced. For manifest reasons some of the acts performed by me or things done may at a distance appear a deviation from the peaceful policy which is at once my own aim and the desire of the general commanding, but I beg leave respectfully to assure you that those acts have been at times absolutely necessary to insure peace, and certainly always, in my judgment, calculated to promote it. The commanding general by this time, I presume, fully understands that in case of a foreign was the overland mail would stand in far more danger from the Mormous that from Indians or other foes, and to protect that route it is necessary that the former should understand most fully that there is not only the intention but there is also the power to hold them in check. The presence of the troops here, while giving no just cause of offense, and without infringing in the least upon the rights of any citizen, is potent to prevent difficulties and obstructions which would assuredly result in war. The exhibition of firmness and determination, accompanied by a display of force, will, I am confident, secure peace and prevent complications. Such addition to my present command as has beenwhich I hope is in the power of the general commanding to give, I am confident will enable me to do all that is necessary, and I have no hesitation in pledging myself to the maintenance of peas in Utah without compromising the dignity of my Government or pandering in the least to the threats or expostulations of the treasonable organization which holds so great sway in this Territory. So long as my guns command the city as they do, and the force under my command is not too much reduced, I have no fear and will be responsible for the result. Brigham Young will not commence hostilities, I think, and I need hardly say that I will not inaugurate them so long as peace is possible without dishonor. I trust that I fully appreciate the anxiety with which the commanding general, in view of the circumstances surrounding him, regards the possibility of conflict in this Territory, and so appreciating, I need hardly add that nothing will be done by me tending to complicate the undoubtedly bad state of affairs existing here.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. EDW. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 25, 1864.

Governor LOW,

Sacramento:

I wish to come up to see you. Will you be at home this week?

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

