HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Provost-Marshal-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has duly considered the communication of Bishop Kavanaugh submitted by you on the 21st instant, since when he has received from his personally further ecplanations and statements touching his presence on this coast. From those and other sources the general is satisfied Bishop Kavanaugh is neither an emissary from the enemy nor from such organization known as the Mcthodist Episcopal Church South as exists in the States in rebellion, but that he came here from his place of residence in Kentucky on an invitation from church organizations already existing in this section of the country. The general places ful faith in the protectations of the bishop that he has neither directly nor indirectly interfered in any way in political matters connected with the war, but has, here as at home, used his influence to soften the asperities which it has caused.

In consideration of the foregoing and of the readiness manifested by him to take an oath of allegiance to the United States of America, disclaing and renouncing allegiance to any other Government, the general directs Bishop Kavanaugh to be released from further restraint. In doing so the general feels it opportune to call formally his attention and that of the churches to which he is now ministering to the designation they preserve of Methodist Episcopal Church South, the term South, thus used, having no significance in this extreme West, not connected with the States at war against the United States and with the cause of that war. It is, at this day, and under existing circumstances, of no practical consequence how they came to have that name other than that it was brought about, no matter how, by the same great cause which brought about the war itself, and its retention by the church in a section where that cause never existed and is never to exist has the inevitable effect to give rise to distrust on the part of large numbers of the best disposed of people who are led to suspect that it is not merely a term implying church organisignifying a certain political affiliation as well. To this the bishop should attribute the origin, in a great degree, of the reports which have caused the personal inconvenience to which he has been subjected. The general was glad to the informed by him that he himself advised that their designation be changed, and that once of the articles of his church imposed the obligation on its pastors and members to be obedient to the powers that be. In these times of so much mistrust and misapprehension it is to be hoped that these facts may become more generally and publicly known, for they would go far toward removing one cause among many which threaten this peaceful department.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. HAVEN,

Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 38. San Francisco, Cal., July 25, 1864.

I. The arrest of a prominent citizen on the charge of endeavoring, among other disloyal practices, to excite ceartain citizens to armed organization against the Government of the United States, on the pretext that they were to be prevented by the U. S. military forces from exercising their right to vote at the coming Presidential election, is deemed a suitable occasion to inform all concerned that it is

