
made no part of the duty of the U. S. military authorities, and that there is neither an intention nor the slightest wish on their part, to interfee in any way whatever to influence even, much less to control or restrain, any one in the full and free exercise of his right to vote for whomsoever he pleases.

II. No armed organization will be suffered in the department save those sanctioned by competent constituted authority.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., July 25, 1864.

Captain R. S. CALDWELL,

Commanding Expedition on Canyon City Road, via Fort Dalles, Oreg.:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding the district to inquire whether you have had any communication as yet with Captain Drake. If not, he thinks it would be advisable for you to do so, and desires you to give him all the information in your power as to the hiding places of the Indians, and any other information which you deem of service. For this purpose you are authorized to employ an expressman, or a small party of your own men, as you may think advisable. If you consider that you have very little of importance to communicate, write to Captain Drake by Fort Dalles. The general had hoped that Captain Currey's command would have met you. The general thinks Camp Maury is about fifty miles south of you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. I. SANDORN,

Second Lieutenant, First Washington Territory Infantry,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 26, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Wahington, D. C.:

We have here but three small companies of artillery. I want to mount one of them as soon as possible, for there is not a field battery in the department, and I ask authority to raise a regiment of volunteer artillery for the defense in part of the fortifications of this harbor and city, they being now more exposed than the present state of the country justifies.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

SAN FRANCISCO, July 26, 1864.

Lieutenant SAMUEL N. BENJAMIN,

Second Artillery, Numbers 143 Fifth Avenue, New York:

It is designed to raise a regiment of artillery for the defense of this coast. Should it be done, the Governor has promised to let me name the officer. Will you accept the place of colonel and come as my chief of artillery?

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

