
four of their people, among whom was the old chief of the Monaches, and then, and not until then, did they (the Indians) call their tribes together for the purpose of revenge. The two chiefs who came in lst expressed their great satisfaction in regard to the treaty made by Captains George and Te-ni-ma-ha in behalf of the Indians, with the great chief of the whites, and say they will hold themselves responsible that no depredations will in future be committed by any Indians over whom they have any control.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. O'NEILL,

Major, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

ROUND VALLEY, August 28, 1862.

Honorable GEORGE M. HANSON:

DEAR SIR: Have been employed by the superintedentt of this valley subject to your decision. However, my object in writing to you is merely to state that there will be little or nothing saved of all the crops here, as there seems to be a determination in the inhabitants that there shall be nothing raised; fences are burned; slip gaps are found made. In short, you must make some other arragnement for keeping these natives. You must not think me officious; but, sir, in my opinion you must remove all the whites-use the whole valley-as you will find it impracticable and impossible to live together.

Respectfully,

J. M. ROBINSON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancounver, Wash. Ter., August 28, 1862.

WILLIAM H. RECTOR,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, Salem, Oreg.:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the reception of your letter of the 22nd instant on the subject of the reoccupation of Fort Umpqua, and inclosing a letter of J. W. Drew, asq., on that subject. You will remember that I explained to you when here that Umpqua and Rouge River Valleys were not in the District of Oregon, and thus General Wright, at San Francisco, was the proper authority to whom your application should have been addressed. When I was at Fort Umpqua, on the 14th of April last, Mr. E. P. Drew, who was formerly Indian agent, said that the detachment of troops there was of no use; that there was no danger of the Indians returning via that route down the coast. Those who had returned had been treated so sternly by Mr. Ticknor, at Port Orford, that there was little likelihood of a repetition of the movement. I quoted his language often afterward as recommending the evaucation of Fort Umpqua. You say, "The Indians are at present prevented from leaving the reservations in greater numbers by the presence of as small detachment of troop temporarily stationed there. " This is very satisfactory, for the truth is the post was entirely evacuated two months since. The scout of Captain Currey to the Grande Ronde Valley resulted in a very satisfactory manner. In self-defense Captain Currey was compelled on the 14th instant to fire on the Indians, and the Dremaer and three others were killed. The effect will be very salutary on all our Indian affairs in that vicinity. I inclose herewith a copy of my instructions* of the 20th instant to Colonel Steinberger, commanding

---------------

*See p. 83.

---------------

