SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 162. San Francisco, Cal., July 26, 1864.

* * * * *

3. Company F, Ninth Infantry (Captain Charles O. Wood), will proceed to and take post at Alcatraz. As soon as convenient after its arrival Captain William A. Winder, Third Artillery, will be relieved, according to his own request, and will proceed with his company to and take post at Point San Jose (Black Point). Lieutenant George F. Hunting, of Captain Winder's company, will remain on duty at Alcatraz as instructor of artillery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

4. The occasion is taken to commend both captains Winder and Mears (now commanding at Point San Jose) for the zeal and activity they have shown whilst in command of their respective posts.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjuntant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 49. Drum Barracks, Cal., July 26, 1864.

1. In order to protect travel, clear the road of thieving, troublesome Indians, and complying with directions of the commanding general, Catp. John C. Cremony's company (B), Second California Cavalry, is hereby detailed to patrol the Fort Mojave road between Camp Cady, on the Mojave River, and Rock Spring.

* * * * *

By command of Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,

Second Lieutenant, Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN JOSE, July 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON:

DEAR SIR: Having been favored by Bishop Kavanaugh with a perusal of your note, officially releasing him from restraint, and also the inclosed order* of Major General McDowell concerning the matte, it occurs to me that it would be productive of good to the State in its present agitated condition, and but justice to all concerned, to publish the said note and order. Much of the suspicion and excitement existing arises, as General McDowell suggests, from a misapprehension of facts. Many are ignorant of the facts in Bishop Kavannah's case. Many, too, know the bare circumstance of his arrest, but are unapprised of his considerate treatment by the officers to whom the matter was committed, and his subsequent release, indicating a disposition on the part of the military authorities to do justice and observe that scrupulous regard for truth and honor characteristic of the true soldier. From an expression in General McDowell's communication, I infer that he may not be unwilling that it should be published. If I am correct in this supposition, I would respectfully beg of you for the favor of a line to that effect. If General McDowell should be willing for the publication, he may have a choice as to the channel through which the publication shall be made. If so, his wishes in the matter will be followed, if indicated. I make

---------------

* See Haven to Mason, July 25, p. 918.

---------------

