
appropriations have been made, I trust that as far as possible such direction may be given as will enable them to be commenced at once, require them to be carried on with as much dispatch, consequently as little reference back to Washington as possible, and with regard to the uneasy state of feeling here, our distance from home, and the present unsettled state of the political world. I trust you still recollect our conversation in New York on the subject of land defenses here and of the objects they should fulfill.

Yours, very sincerely and truly,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 50. Drum Barracks, Cal., July 27, 1864.

I. In compliance with directions from headquarters Department of the Pacific, of date 14th instant, Company H (Cass'), Fourth California Infantry, including twenty-five men of Company C (West's), same regiment, temporarily attached, is hereby detached from its post and will take up its line of march on 2nd of August proximo for the town of San Luis Obispo, where it will encamp until further orders. Its route of march will be the sea-coast road via Santa Barbara.

* * * * *

By command of Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,Second Lieutenant, Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN FRANCISCO, July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of Utah, Salt Lake City:

The general is willing a small police guard (less than a company) shall be kept in the city of Great Salt Lake for police purpose, connected with the troops, to prevent them committing any disorders or being absent without authority, but let it have northing to do with the Mormon question. The companies of Third Infantry at Ruby will be relieved by a company from Fort Churchill, and you can draw them in as soon as relieved. The four companies of cavalry now at Fort Chuurchill will be sent to replace the troops at Camp Douglas who are mustered out. Two of these companies will come to you dismounted and will be mounted and equipped by you from the horses and equipments of the men of Second Cavalry as they are mustered out.

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 39. San Francisco, Cal., July 28, 1864.

As soon as the necessary transportation can be procured the following movements of troops will be carried into effect in the order in which they are numbered:

1. Company A, Neveda Territory infantry, will proceed to the Smoke Creek country and relieve the company of cavalry now operating there. When relieved the latter will return to Fort Churchill, preparatory to marching to Camp Douglas, Utah Ter.

