
2. Company B, Nevada Territory infantry, will proceed to and take post at Camp Ruby. As soon after its arrival as practicable Lieutenant-Colonel Moore, Third Infantry California Volunteers, with the two companies (B and E) of his regiment, will take up the line of march for Camp Douglas.

3. Companies C, D, E, and F, Nevada Territory Cavalry, will proceed by squadron to Camp Douglas, the dismounted companies marching first and some days in advance of the mounted squardron. The dismounted companies will be mounted and equipped in Utah from the horses and equipments of the Second Cavalry California Volunteers as the men of the latter regiment are mustered out of the service.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War does not approve of raising troops for special or local purposes. Volunteers in the Department of the Pacific can be raised through the Governor, under authority already given, and infantry which will be available elsewhere can be instructed at artillery firing in the forts. Volunteers regiments of artillery here have been nearly all converted into infantry, and no more such regiments will be raised.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

REGISTER'S OFFICE,

Napa City, July 29, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL:

DEAR SIR: I am certain that you will consider the statements which I now make as prompted by no unreasonable fear, and at the same time will look upon them as the result of a very long and careful consideration of affairs as they now exist in this county.

May I beg your attention to the statements which follow: This county is known as "for the Union," but there is but a small majority against the party called "Democratic," and which, at least in this locality, are the most open-mouthed secessionists and enemies of the Government. In ordinary times we should consider ourselves perfectly able to maintain our position as lyal men, and indeed may be able to do so now, but still think it best to report to you, sir, as the commandant of this department, the following facts within our knowledge: 1. The majority of the population outside of town are, as we believe, thoroughly secessionized, and there may be counted among their numbers some of the most rabid and determined enemies of the Government.

2. We have here three volunteer companies, one of infantry, one of artillery, and one (junst organized) of cavalry. This force, small as it is, might give us some assurance of safety were it not that the armory of the infantry company is in a building owned and held by a rabid secessionist, so that the arms, &amp;c., would be at the mercy of any gang that might choose to take them, especially if an attack should be made at night. The pieces belonging to the artillery, although in a building

