
owned by a sould Union man, are exposed to the same danger, as no guard is kept over the premises. It is, of course, impossible for us to say whether authority exists in your department to render these munitions of war more secure, but upon the presumption that such authority exists, we beg to ask your attention to the facts as stated. It is undoubtedly true that great mischief might arise from a sudden attempt on the part of the disloyal element to create a disturbance.

If it shall seem to you that these representations do not require present attention, at least a duty will have been discharged in stating the facts of the case.

Very respectfully, sir, yours,

RICHARD T. MONTGOMERY.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, July 30, 1864.

Honorable Mr. WILEY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs:

SIR: The major general commanding would be pleased to see you at this office on Monday morning next, with reference to affairs pertaining to the Indian Department on this coast.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 1, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

It is officially reported that photographic views of the interior and exterior of the batteries on Alcatraz Island havwe been taken by permission of Captain Winder, commanding, and that their publication has been sunctioned by Colonel De Russy. The Secretary of War directs that you take measures to suppress such publication, and that you report to the Adjutant-General whether or not Colonel De Russy and Captain Winder gave their sanction and permission, as above stated.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, August 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to cal the attention of the commanding general to the embarrassment existing in the department in consequence of the depreciation of Treasury notes, now worth only 40 cents on the dollar. As a circulating medium Treasury notes are not used on this coast, consequently when an officer draws his pay the first thing to be donw is to convert his notes into specie, and if the proceeds are sufficient to enable him to pay his mess bill he will be very fortunte. For example, all my pay and allowances for last month barely sufficed to

