
pay of the board of myself and Mrs. Wright. The subject is one of grave consideration. Our officers are patriotic and devoted to the Union; they give their services freely to the Government. Many of them have families to support, and unless they happen to have means independent of their pay it is absolutely impossible for them to get along. Some time since an order was sent from Washington directing that the troops in this department should be paid one-half in specie, but the authority was revoked on the following day. If authority was given for half pay and the commutation for quarters and fuel for officers stationed in cities to be paid in specie it would relieve us exceedingly. It is with extreme reluctance that I make this appeal to our Government, knowing as I do the embarrassment under which it is laboring to meet the demands against it. General McDowell, having served long in the Eastern States, will comprehend our difficulties here, and I most earnestly request the general to use his influence to relieve us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, August 1, 1864.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Fort Churchill:

The four companies of Nevada cavalry are ordered to Salt Lake. One company of Nevada infantry relieves the cavalry company in Smoke Creek region, and one company goes to Camp Ruby; the other remains at Fort Churchill.

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 27. Fort Humboldt, Cal., August 1, 1864.

I. Captain E. R. Theller, Second Infantry California Volunteers, having been relieved by Captain D. M. Greene, Sixth Infantry California, as assistant commissary of musters, District of Humboldt, will proceed without delay to Light-House Point, Humboldt Bay, Cal., and assume command of the troops at that place.

* * * * *

By order of Lieutenant Colonel S. G. Whipple:

JAMES ULIO,First Lieutenant and Adjutant Sixth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

San Francisco, Cal., August 2, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: I would respectfully suggest to the major-general commanding that if the Secretary of War would call Colonel Black to Washington after his arrival at West Point and refer the Secretary of the Interior and Indian Commissioner to him for information concerning matters

