
but I think that the anchorage is too deep, so it is said), a fine harbor on our side; also to show you Point Defiance, twelve miles north of Fort Steilacoom. They should probably some day both be fortified, especially the latter. Point Defiance and Gig Harbor, opposite, were declared a military reservation in 1860, and surveyed by Lieutenant Thomas L. Casey, of the Engineers, by order of General Wright. It is a point which should at once be fortified if we wish to defend the sound. I have met with such poor encouragement in reference to the mounth of the Columbia, the temporary fortifications being begun, and the few ordnance being sent only after long and incessant importunities, that I have not been encouraged to say much about Point Defiance. The Coast Survey map of 1854, entitled "Reconnaissance of Canal de Haro and Strait of Rosario and Approaches," you will find to be admirable on the whole. General Totten recommended for the Columbia River a heavily armored battery and ram, and I have made several unavailing efforts to get one. I shall invite your aid in the matter. I shall be happy to see you here, and have thus cursorily hinted some of the topics I may call to your notice. I shall be pleased to welcome you to by quarters on your arrival.

I remain, general, very truly and respectfully, yours,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

SAN FRANCISCO, August 5, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

In compliance with the orders communicated by Major-General Halleck by telegraph on the 2nd instant, I have to report having suppressed the publication of the photographic views of the batteries of Alcatraz Island. The provost-marshal-general has all the negatives and all the copies, except those Captain Elliot sent to the Engineer Department. Captain Winder reports, in answer to the inquiry directed to be made, that the pictures were taken in compliance with circular orders from the Quartermaster-General, and that to save expense he gave permission to sell some of the detached views as would be of no particular use in the hands of improper persons; that the proofs were all submitted to Colonel De Russy before this permission was given. Colonel De Russy reports that some small photographs of different parts of the works on Alcatraz Island were sent to him by Captain Winder, then commanding at Alcatraz, to know whether any objections could be made to printing them, and that on examination he said there was no impropriety in those he saw being printed.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 5, 1864.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief of Engineer Corps:

I am struck by the fact that at this time, in this distant port and in the present unsettled and delicate state of our affairs, there are now lying English, French, and Russian men-of-war covering the shipping and town completely, and that we have not a single gun, either ashore

59 R R-VOL L, PT II.

