
officer at Fort Walla Walla, in reference to his aiding your department in keeping the Indians from settling outside the reservation. Similar instructions went to the officer commanding the detachment at the Umatilla Reservation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

P. S. -A gentleman from Fort Umpqua, who left when the troops left there, said that Mr. E. P. Drew asserted that he would make a two-company post of that ere long.

URES, August 29, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

DEAR SIR: I am sorry that your favor of 3rd of May* has reached me after so much delay, depriving me of the pleasure of answering you with due punctuality oin such subject that must interest you as chief of the forces of the United States on the Pacific. I feel it less, however, knowing that James H. Carleton, esq., will have informed you of my friendly and sincere sympathies for the American Union, as expressed in my official communication with that gentleman on the 2nd of June,+ and with whom I still maintain relations of friendsip and interest to our respective countries; and, besides, I hope you will have had the opportunity of seeing the communications that, through Colonel James Reily, I directed to Brigadier General H. H. Sibley respecting the arrangements he proposed to me to gain my confidence. ++ By those you will notice that through my cautious management the chief of the Southern Confederacy could not calculate upon my suympathies to carry out his plans, and that it does not enter in the policy of the Mexican Government to vary its relations, which are becoming every day more friendly with the Government of the Union. Knowing that, you may rest assured that a step through this State by any force from the South under any pretext whatever will be considered as an invasion by force of arms.

With the highest respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

I. PESQUEIRA.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., August 30, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE S. EVANS,

Second Cavalry California Volunteers, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: On your return to Camp Independence the general commanding the department desires you to give the necessary instructions for carrying out the directions from these headquarters relative to the establishment of a post in the vicinity of Owen's Lake. You will then return withJones' and McLaughlin's) to Camp Latham.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 1047.

+Ibid, p. 1117.

++Ibid, p. 1031, 1032.

---------------

