
or afloat, bearing or that can be brought to bear on them, to require them to leave should we wish them to go. I think we need earth batteries on Yerba Buena and at foot of Rincon Hill to control the harbor should vessels pass the lower lines. Have written more in full by mail. *

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.:

I am convinced your department has not provided enough heavy and rifled guns for this coast, and beg that somerthing be done to increase the number and place us here at an early day in a better state of defense. There are now some heavy rifled guns at the navy-yard at Mare Island, in this harbor. Can you not get authority for their transfer to the land service at this place?

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS STATE OF CALIFORNIA,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Sacramento, August 5, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: I have the honor to trasmit herewith inclosed letters from different parties relative to organizations existing in this State in hostility to the Government of the United States. I have in the last week or two received many official letters from militia officers asking for ball cartridges for their companies, and in every instance they state that they have reason to believe and do believe that there are armed organizations in their respective counties ready at a moment's warning to resist the execution of the Federal laws, and particularly in case of a draft. I have, or the State has, no ball cartridges on hand, so of course I have furnished none, and the militia of the State are entirely without ammunition, not even having bullet molds. The writers of the communications from Sonora I know personally; they are both good citizens, loyal men, and of good character and standing in the community. I therefore thought it my duty under the circumstances, the Governor being absent from the State and likely to be so for some week or ten days to come, to transmit those letters for the consideration of the general commanding the department.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. EVANS,

Adjutant-General State of California.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SONORA, July 28, 1864.

General G. S. EVANS,

Sacramento:

DEAR GEORGE: From various reliable sources in different portions of the county I learn that organizations are being formed for the purpose of resisting by force any draft or other order of the Government

---------------

* See July 27, p. 921.

---------------

