
They are styled Democratic clubs, and propose to arm and be prepared for any emergency. The members are generally Copperheads, the secessionists being rather inclined to keep aloof from any active participation in the movement. The Sonora club had a meeting on Saturday night last, and was addressed by District Attorney Brewer in a speech full of treason and hostility to the Government. Among other suggestions he advised all his Democratic friends to arm and be wholly prepared to repel any attempt to enforce any unpalatable measure. The entire speech is said to have been a rehash of Weller's, and in the same strain of invectives. It would seem as if the chairman of the State Central Democratic Committee had distributed the programme of opposition throughout the State. Of the existence of the club or its purposes no secrest is made. The design is to resist, and the power is openly avowed. Under these circumstances it has been suggested to me to address you on the subject, with a view of enlisting your aid and influence in getting a company of soldiers stationed here. You know how inefficient and unreliable the military companies in the county would be in the event of an outbreak, and as for the civil authorities, nothing could be expected from them. In a political point of view, the presence of a military force would be advantageous in this, that it would intimidate and choke off the Italian vote, at least one hundred strong, in the county, which, as you know, been for years illegally cast for the opposition. This, however, is a minor consideration compared with other advantages that might be derived from the proposed measure. Will you at your earliest convenience give me your views on the subject, together with suggestions as to the best mode of representing the matter to the proper authorities. Redmond continues to exercise the functions of notary public, because, as he says, his successor has not been appointed and qualified. How is this? Several have spoow is your stock? Doc. Brown is elated with the prospect of the claim, and hopes you will make a fortune of your stock. Every-body is well so far as I know, and the weather awfully hot.

Yours, truly,

McW.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SONORA, July 30, 1864.

General EVANS:

DEAR SIR: Believing the time has come when it is necessary that the Government should have some troops in this county to preserve the peace and enforce the rightful laws of the land, and knowing you as a loyal citizen, equally with myself interested in preserving the peace of our county, I have thought it proper that I should communicate with you in relation to having a company of cavalry stationed here, believing you can assist us in obtaining the same. That the secesh portion of the Democracy are arming and here secret organizations throughout the county, there is not a reasonable doubt. You know the men who are the leaders of the Democracy in this county. They are unscrupulous, and I verily believe that they have fully determined on carrying out the same programme that their party have organized in Missouri. I believe a company of cavalry located here would have a good influence in giving us a nucleus to rally around in case of necessity, and may be the means of preserving our county from strife and bloodshed. I am informed that the secesh have a secret organization in every precinct in our county, that they are armed, and it is the general opinion among well-informed Union men that unless we have troops here ready

