
chosen localities, where every advantage is with them. From all the information I can gather such I believe to be the position of the enemy with which Colonel Maury has to deal, but I do not doubt for a moment that if it be possible for any one, under all the disadvantage and embarrassments of the situation, to dislodge the savages and either drive them from the country or bring them to a fair stand-up fight, he is fully equal to the task. He has got a fine body of men with him, and if it ever comes to a fair, open engagement, with anything like equality, I apprehend the villains will be taught a lesson which the survivors will remember for all time to come.

Nothing further has been heard relative to the reported outrages in the vicinity of Salmon Falls, and the Indians on Camas Prairie appear to be quiet. I am informed, however, by the agent of the stage company that from some indications on the part of Indians south and east of Snake River, they are apprehensive of having difficulty between the river and Salt Lake, and are fearful of losing their stock. The company evidently relies upon military protection to secure them an uninterrupted line of communication. A party of six men who left here some three weeks weeks ago on a trading expedition to the plains were most foully murdered at Camas Prairie, supposed to be the work of what are generally termed in this country "road agents," or more plainly speaking, highway robbers. No clew has yet been obtained as to the perpetrations of this brutal affair, but there is no doubt it was the work of fiends with white skins, as robbery appears to have been the only incentive. The Indians were the first to bring the intelligence. A party of some twelve or fifteen Indians, men, women, and children, came into the garrison a few days since from Camas Prairie, but being without subsistence of any kind, and being, as I conceived, only a feeling party sent forward to ascertain the degree of hospitality and welcome which would be extended to them, and doubtless in case of a favorable report, would have been the prelude to the entree of the entire tribe, I promptly sent them back to the prairie, with instructions to the effect that when wanted they would be advised. I also caused to be burned up the brush horses which they occupied last winter in close proximity to the garrison, for the reason that during this hot weather the fifth which naturally accumulates around an Indian camp, and had accumulated here, was offensive and unwholesome.

Roots and fish are abundant at this season of the year, and I could see no good reason for giving them encouragement in leading dissolute and vagabond lives around the garrio work to do in which they can be made serviceable, and now is the time of their harvest, which should be improved. An express arrived here one day last week from Camp Alvord (Captain Currey's depot), but brought no news from the command further than that they were supposed to be at Harney Lake. The expressman reports that no tidings had reached Camp Alvord relative to the expressman who left this post on the 20th ultimo for Captain Currey's command. He had a large mail, and I believe it was understood to be his intention to go via Camp Alvord, as he had considerable mail matter for Captain Barry's command at that place; and, moreover, it was not positively certain but that he would there meet with Captain Currey, or at all events ascertain his whereabouts. We shall, doubtless, be in receipt of another express from Captain Currey before many days, when the fate of this man will be determined. Sergeant Little, of Company A, and Private Lockman, of Company D, accompanied him on their way to join their companies. The immigration is beginning to arrive and looks well. They appear to be well

