
provided and equipped, and the stock generally looks well. Some of them have already been employed by the quartermaster and others are settling down in the valley. The great majority, however, are making their way direct to the mines. Everything is progressing favorably at the post in the way of building, under the vigorous management of Lieutenant Robinson, detailed reports of all which operations you are doubtless furnished by him. Should anything important occur at the post or any news reach here from the field of operations in the Indian country the general commanding can rely upon being promptly advised.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SEIDENSTRIKER,

Captain, First Washington Territory Infantry, Commanding.

P. S. -Since writing the above I have become satisfied that I misunderstood Sergeant Mallmsbery (the expressman from Camp Alvord) in his statement with regard to the expressman who left here for Captain Currey's command on the 20th of July. He had arrived at Camp Alvord en route for Captain Currey's headquarters, but had not yet returned, and hence the cause of their unnecessary anxiety at that camp and the original misunderstanding and apparent mystery involved in the case.

F. S.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,August 9, 1864.

Lieutenant WILLIAM L. KINGHT,

Friday's Station, near Lake Tahoe:

Mr. McLane thinks there is no necessity for your remaining. Return to Camp Union with your party.

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 9, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that since the general orders directing the movements of troops from Fort Churchill have been issued, the commanding general has directed the chief quartermaster at these headquarters to mount the two companies of Nevada cavalry previous to the commencement of the march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 10, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 5th instant suggesting that earthworks be constructed at Yerba Buena Island and at foot of Rincon

