SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARIZONA, Numbers 33. Franklin, Tex., August 30, 1862.

The Military District of Arizona includes within its boundaries all the U. S. territory from Fort Thorn, N. Mex., doiwn along the Rio Grande to Fort Quitman, in Texas. All citizens within this district are hereby notified that if they have in their possession any property belonging to the United States they are without delay to deliver the same to the commanding officer at Franklin, Tex., or the commanding officer at Mesilla, Ariz. Ter. If any of the said property shall hereafter be found in their possession, now that this order has given them due notice of what they are to do with it, they will be dealt with as a military commission, after dur investigation of the matter, shall determine.

JAMES H. CARLETON,Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT, Numbers 124. Fort Humboldt, August 30, 1862.

I. Captain Flynn, with Company A, Second Infantry California volunteers, will proceed without delay to Fort Baker and relieve Captain O'Brien in command of that post. Immediately on being relieved Captain O'Brien will proceed with his company to Fort Humbodt for the purpose of embarking in the steamer for Crescent City.

* * * *

By order of Colonel Lippitt:

W. F. SWASEY,

1st Lieutenant and Regimental Quartermaster 2nd Infty. Cal. Vols.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, August 30, 1862.

Captain JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Second Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Camp Curtis:

CAPTAIN: You are directed to furnish sufficient escorts from your command to all Government trains, and so far as practicable to all private trains, from Arcata to Fort Gaston. No more than ten men will be allowed to be absent at one time on this duty. Everye scort will be placed under the command of a non-commissioned officer, who will have strict orders to prevent any acts of marauding o the road by the soldiers, and to report on his return to your post any man who shall have been guilty of this offense, in order that he may receive proper punishment by a court-martial or otherwise. In regard to military operations your duty will be to protect Arcata and the neighboring settlments, and so far as shall be consistent with this to pursue, attack, and campture or destroy all bands of hostile Inidans in the neighborhood of Mad River on either side of the river. You will not, however, proceed on any expeditions against the Indians or send any considerable detachmentsin pursuit of them without previous authority from these headquarters, except in urgent cases where a few hours' delay might in your judgment defeat the object to be accomplished; but in all such cases

