
political views of the day, State rights, slavery, the right to resist unconstitutional laws, &amp;c. If this examination is satisfactory, he is sworn. The oath is very long and elaborate. The substance only can be given, which is to resist the election of Lincoln for President by all possible means, including the force of arms; to adhere to and obey the call of the governor-general of the State or the lieutenant-governor-general of your district in all cases and at all times; that you will resist any and all unconstitutional laws by the Administration; that you will adhere to and support the old State rights doctrines and the right of each State to govern itself; that you will support the right of each State to protect itself, and assist it to carry out the right to maintain slavery or any other domestic institution to which it is entitled, by force of arms if necessary; that you will resist with arms any attempt upon the part of the U. S. authorities to execute any unconstitutional law of any kind or character, your officers being the judges of the unconstitutionality. In addition to this, Potter says he has ascertained that there is a third degree, and has the promise of having it conferred upon him. Beriah Brown, editor of the Press in San Francisco, is the present governor-general of the State; C. L. Weller, who has lately been arrested, is lieutenant-governor-general of the State, or of the district of San Francisco; not certain as to the extent of his jurisdiction. It is contemplated to elect a governor-general of the Pacific Coast, including Nevada Territory and Idaho, who shall have the general supervision of the other. Joseph P. Hoge, of San Francisco, is talked of for that position. This will not be done until after the nomination at the Chicago Convention, when a meeting of the governors and lieutenant-governors is to be held at some point not yet known. Each member of the order pays money into its treasury, and when parties cannot get arms for themselves they are to be furnished by the society, the intention being that every man who is with them shall be armed for instant service when required by his officers. They only make one member of the fifty-seventh degree for from three to seven of the thirty-third degree, and it may well be imagined that the third degree is still less in number than the second and still more dangerous, all the power resting in a small council or single governor. The officers in the Sacramento district are: General J. L. English, lieutenant-governor-general; J. C. Goods, deputy; Thomas Edwards, secretary, and A. A. Bennett, treasurer. Ex-Governor John Bigler is a prominent member, and has lately left as a delegate to the Chicago Convention; he is reported as having carried $160 in money to be delivered to the rebel sanitary fund; the money was sent from here to Maggie Perry, in San Francisco, to be delivered to Bigler there. John R. Ridge, at present of Nevada City, was a traveling agent of the order, and is now an officer in the Nevada district. Doctor Fox, of San Francisco, is one of the most active agents of the order in the State. He estimates that there are 24,000 men at present in the order and reliable for their purposes, and that this order, with the Knights of the Golden Circle and the men they men they can control, will reach 50,000. The actual number is very hard to arrive at by any one below the head of the other, or a general agent, as the utmost secrecy prevails between all its parts, and all are subject to the power of an officer whom they do not know. Amongst themselves it is freely talked of that there will be war in California; they expect it and are all the time providing for it. General J. L. English here talks peace, and the other officers and prominent men say he is an old fogy and afraid he will lose his property. Whenever they feel strong enough to make resistance to the laws they intend to do it.

