
This seems to be the tendency of all the circumstances that come to my knowledge, and their conversation reported by Potter will bear no other construction. There is also a regular system of raising money to be transmitted East under pretense of giving to the rebel sanitary for rebel prisoners. Since I reported to you that trouble was expected in San Francisco at the time of the meeting an order has been issued by Governor Brown (as is reported) that all Democrats cease to carry arms until further orders, but to have them always where they can find them. In relation to the arms heretofore spoken of, the only further information we have been able to gain is that the muskets, "about 1,000," were under the control of Don Juan de Dias, a Mexican, who disappeared about two weeks since, and whether the arms went with him or not cannot be ascertained. The result of my observation is that the secret political organization is very powerful and very dangerous. Second, that the moving power which controls it is in sympathy with and acting for the benefit of the Southern rebellion. Third, that it is most important now to ascertain exactly who they are and what they are doing. Fourth, that more men should be employed in this service unknown to each other, so that their information may be compared. Almost any man who takes upon himself these obligations is more or less unreliable to us, and I do not feel safe in relying altogether upon one man, more especially as I have some reason to believe that he does not push his inquiries as fast as he might, or else keeps back something that he ought to inform us of.

I submit, then, this matter to you, in addition to what I have heretofore reported, for your consideration and advise.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ROBINSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., August 10, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a message received from Governor J. W. Nye at 3 p. m. on yeasterday. Major George, Major Purdy, and Captain Calder, with fifty men of his company (F), First Nevada Cavalry, proceeded at once to Dayton. When they arrived there the excitement had partially subsided, and this morning when the command left Dayton the mob had dispersed and everything was perfectly quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

(Same to Colonel R. C. Drum, assistant adjutant-general, San Francisco, Cal.)

[Inclosure.] CARSON CITY, August 9, 1864.

Major McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

Send immediately fifty men to Dayton. A vigilance committee has hung one man, and more are in danger. Come yourself, if possible. I will meet you there.

JAS. W. NYE.

