
the Deer Creek Indians range, and to take the old Lassen road down to the valley between Deer and Mill Creecks, for the purpose of finding the Deer Creek Indians, but when I arrived at the Deer Creek Meadows I found that Captain Good had left for the valley, and that the Lassen road was almost obliterated. I gave up that route for the present and returned to Butte Creek, and from there I went to Lassen, or Big Meadows, some twelve miles northeast of Butte Creek on the north and the West Branch of Feather River on the south, to Inskip's, where I took fourteen men and crossed the West Branch of Feather River, sending seven men with my team down the Dogtown road to Pentz's ranch, and proceeded down between that stream and the North Fort of the Fearther River, on the south side, in a couthwesterly direction some thirty miles, passing Balsom Hill, Crain Valley, Kimshew, Flea and Concord Valleys, to Yankee Hill; there I crossed the West Branch of Feather River to Pentz's ranch, in Mesilla Valley, and from there to this post, where I arrived on the 9th instant, having marched 160 miles. I have not gained enough informatin to know what Indians it is that have committed the depredations. I will send out another expedition in a few days, when I am in hopes of gaining more knowledge of the Indians.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. DOUGHTY,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have received the letter of Lieutenant-Colonel Drew, First Oregon Cavalry, dated at Surprise Valley, July 23, referred to me from your office. I would recommend that the lieutenant-colonel be directed to return to Fort Klamath with his command forthwith, as I desire to have a thorough investigation of all the circumstances connected with the expedition made at an early date. The letter from John Tool, a citizen, dated San Francisco, July 15, indorsed by Captain Mellen, the commander of Fort Crook, I have also received, and recommend that Tool be held in custody of the military authority at Alcatraz Island for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 13, 1864.

Colonel JAMES F. CURTIS,

Fourth Cal. Vol. Infty., Commanding Dist. of Southern California:

SIR: The commanding general desires you to withdraw the company stationed at Santa Catalina Island to Drum Barracks as soon as possible. All the property and material on the island belonging to the Government will be sent to the Wilmington depot, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

