SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 179. San Francisco, Cal., August 15, 1864.

* * * * *

2. Captain James T. Hoyt, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, will forthwith relieve Captain William B. Hughes, assistant quartermaster, from his duties in this city.

3. Captain William B. Hughes, assistant quartermaster, will proceed by the first opportunity to Fort Boise and retake charge of the quartermaster's department at that place. He will take immediate measures to reduce the expenses and finish the buildings in the most economicl manner for temporary occupancy. The chief quartermaster will give such special instructions as may be necessary to accomplish this purpose.

4. Captain William F. Swasey, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, at Benicia, and Captain William G. Morris, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers, at Wilmington Depot, will relieve each other under such instructions as they may receive from the chief quartermaster at department headquarters.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, Numbers 51. Drum Barracks, Cal., August 15, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The detachment from this post encamped at El Monte under command of Major Hancock, Fourth California Infantry, will break camp on 19th instant and return to its post.

3. Captain Sherman's company (F), Fourth California Infantry, will break camp at Camp Lincoln, near La Paz, Ariz. Ter., and return to its post, the acting assistant quartermaster at Fort Yuma furnishing necessary transportation.

By command of Colonel Curtis:

O. H. LEE,

Second Lieut., Fourth California Infty., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,August 15, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Respectfully transmitted.

A report made by Captain Sherman, commanding at La Paz, to these headquarters, of date 5th instant, states that the civil authority of Arizona Territory was represented at La Paz; that the Indian Department had a sub-agent located there; that the white population is not increasing, and that the place is rather diminishing in importance. No further necessity exists for the presence of troops there, and the command is ordered into Yuma.

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Colonel Fourth California Infantry, Commanding.

