
CITY POINT, VA., August 15, 1864-1 p. m.

(Received 11 a. m. 16th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

At this particular time it is of great importance that we should have on the Pacific Coast not only good military commanders, but men who will give satisfaction to the people. From what I learn unofficially, we lack this both in the selection of a commander for the department and for the District of Oregon and Washinton. I know Alvord well. I do not think he is fit the command, and he ought to be called East. He is a good man in his intentions and would do well to place on any kind of a board, but I know of no other duty he is eminently suited for. McDowell, if I am not wrongly informed, is likely to do more harm than good where he is. I am in favor of Halleck for that department. He is acquainted with the people and can combine civil with military administration, which is required in that department. McDowell is only a soldier and has never been anything else. It would not be necessary to send any one to relieve Alvord at present- simply to order him East would be sufficient. If Halleck cannot be spared from where he is, then to restore Wright would do. Have you any information from the Pacific Coast leading you to the same conclusion as to the necessity for a change?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 16, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Major-General McDOWELL, Commanding:

Lieutenant Colonel E. B. Babbitt is assigned to duty as chief quartermaster, Department of the Pacific, with the rank of colonel.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 41. San Francisco, Cal., August 16, 1864.

I. Paragraph 5, of General Orders, Numbers 29, current series, from these headquarters, announcing Lieutenant Colonel Robert a. Wainwright, Ordnance Department, chief of ordnance on the department staff, and all general and special orders appointing acting ordnance for the several districts in this department, are hereby revoked.

II. The following telegram from the War Department is published for the information and government of all concerned. *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,Drum Barracks, Cal., August 16, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: Since my letter to your headquarters of date 4th instant, wherein it was stated that the secession population of this county had

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

60 R R-VOL L, PT II.

