
been employed in arming itself, I have been on the alert to ascertain the objects which such a move might have contemplated. Rumors have since reached me from different sources that an organization of secession sympathizers with hostile purposes was being effected and there are grounds for belief that such is contemplated, if not already in progress, both in this county and San Bernardino, but so quietly and secretly are their movements conducted that our efforts to obtain accurate information have thus far been bafled. Other portions of the State are connected in this move, and it is by no means sure that any hostile gathering or demonstration would be first made in Southern California. In this commection I would suggest respectfully for the consideration of the commanding general the propriety of supplying the post with a section of a field battery, say 6-pounder or 12-pounder brass guns with team harness complete, and a supply of canister and round shot. One 12-pounder gun at Catalina Island is the only piece of artillery nearer than Fort Yuma, where a few pieces are well placed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. CURTIS,

Colonel Fourth California Infantry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ORIGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 16, 1864.

Captain LYMAN BISSELL,

Ninth U. S. Infantry, Commanding U. S. Troops,

San Juan Island, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: Major-General McDowell leaves San Francisco on the 17th instant to visit some of the military posts in this district. The revenue cutter Shubrick will meet him at Esquimalt. He will probably visit your post before he makes the tour of the sound.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. HOPKINS,

First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

SAN FRANCISCO, August 17, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We ask for authority to have one of the rifled batteries now at Benicia Arsenal turned over to the State of California to arm a uniformed militia company of artillery.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

FRED. F. LOW,

Governor of California.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., August 17, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The term of service of most of the volunteer regiments raised in California will soon expire. Most of the officers are from their experience better than new ones would be. Some recruits have from time to time been made, whose terms of service extend beyond that of the

