
I have seized and hold a war vessel just built, said to be for the Peruvian Government. There were, the collector states, suspicious circumstances connected with her. The Peruvian consul states that she is built for his Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 18, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Frequent complains have reached the Department in respect to General Alvord andI had determined to supersede him as soon as a good officer could be spared. But as you think his presence not indispensable he shall be relieved at once. No complaint from any source has been made against General McDowell to the Department and I had not heard that his administration was objectionable to any one. He appears to be acting in entire harmony with the Governor of California. There had been frequent applications for the removal of General Wright, but as his administration was acceptable to the Department they were for a long time resisted. McDowell has been in command for a very short period. He is believed to be an officer of good administrative faculty, although unfortunate in the field, and to be rigidly honest. To make a charge so soon ought to require some very good reason for its justification. You know as I do that no man can please all sides in any department, much less in California. But in this as in all other matters relating to military affairs it is the desire of the Department to conform to your judgment. In respect to General Halleck it would be extremely difficult to spare him since Canby has gone.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 18, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The Secretary of War authorizes the consolidation of regiments and the raising of new troops, as proposed in yesterday's telegram of yourself and Governor Low.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 183. San Francisco, Cal., August 18, 1864.

* * * * *

6. Company G (Ropes'), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed to and take post at Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal., the quartermaster's department furnishing the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

