HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT FORT CHURCHILL:

SIR: The major-general commanding the department instructs me to inform you that the provost guard at Virginia City will consist of twenty-five enlisted men, selected from one of the Nevada Territory cavalry companies under the command of a subaltern. The men and officers selected as above directed will not accompany the movement directed in General Orders, Numbers 39, current series, from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WRIGHT,

Round Valley, Cal., August 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

COLONEL: Captain Lawson, of the Lawson Rangers, has this day communicated matters to me which I deem of the utmost importance, and deem it my duty to report it directly to the general commanding for his information and consideration. The captain reports that, from what he has been able to learn in this and surrounding valleys and mountains, that the disloyal men of these counties and valley have a well-organized party for the sole purpose of attacking, and, if possible, capturing this post, arms, ammunition, and stores, together with the stores on the Indian reservation; that he is satisfied that such an attempt will be made in case of any trouble or appearance of trouble in the State, and that this party number some hundreds in its organization at present. He has not been able to learn the names of any of the leaders or members, but will use all possible efferts to do so. On the night of the 12th instant two men (brothers-in-law) named Hornbrook and Gamble, in the presence of Captain Lawson and Edward Smith, made use of the following language: "That if any trouble would arise anywhere in this State between the Government and the Southern party, the Government would be out the small force at Fort Wright, with their arms, ammunition, and stores; that they expected and felt quite sure such trouble would soon come. " It is my object at present to avoid exciting the suspicion of these men as to the extent of my knowledge in regard to their sayings and doings, consequently I deemed it best not to arrest Hornbrook and Gamble until the pleasure of the commanding general was known in the matter. They can be arrested any time if deemed necessary by the department commander. I feel confident that an attempt will be made to capture this post just as soon as a similar attempt is made at any other point in the State, and I know that they can organize a party in these valleys strong enough to capture the post with its present very small garrison and which will be much smaller by November unless it be re-enforced. I therefore respectfully and earnestly request that if at all practicable a re-enforcement of one company be sent here before the November election comes off, for if an attempt to capture this or any other post be intended by these disloyal men, it will be attempted about that time. This post is near the county lines of four counties, which four counties are intensely disloyal. The isolated position of this post and the large amount of supplies at the post and at the Indian reservation make it a very desirable point for a rendezvous for a party of guerrillas, and

