
changed by any subsequent events; on the contrary, it is strengthened. To pursue and exterminate them is certainly within our power, but it will require time, much money, and corresponding loss of life. No effort to settle them that I am aware of since the settlement of the country by our citizens commenced (1862) has been made; any made, if there was, previous to that time, they could not see as plainly as new the necessity of yielding to. With their experience of the past, I do not think it unreasonable to suppose success. From Green River to Powder River and the Payette Valleys, and to the lakes east of the Cascades, they were not disturbed by settlements, and only saw our people passing farther west. Now they are pressed from every direction by our settlements, and see daily the continuous approach of permanent occupation, as well as unsettled parties of more or less strength seeking location in the midst of their last hiding place. Forced by actual occupation or visits too often to allow the collection of food from their hunting grounds and fisheries, experience shows that these changes must have the usual effect upon the wild and defiant disposition that possesses them on first contact with our race. I may be mistaken in these opinions, but the effort to reduce them to practical results would not cost much. My plan would be to get a good interpreter here, then procure five or six Indians of the same tribe and send them to the different bands, with full explanation as to what might be depended upon. If desired, the latter part of October would be a suitable time to try the expriment. The possibility of collision with the band of Indians from which I would expect to get messengers might prevent the effort being made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAst Oregon Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, August 22, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that instructions have been received to issue to the State of California one complete battery of six 10-pounder Parrott guns, with such ammunition as General McDowell may direct.

I have the honor to be, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ANDERSON, CAL., August 22, 1864.

Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District:

SIR: In compliance with Post Orders, Numbers 26, I marched at 8 a. m. 16th with six men and seven days' rations up Redwood and camped on a small creek fifty yards off the river; then with one man reconnoitered around the crossing of Redwood trail and saw fresh Indian sign leading up the river. Returned to camp at 6. 30 p. m; took three men, went back to the trail, and secreted ourselves until 9. 30 p. m. ; then moved our camp about fifty yards above the trail and camped for the night. August 17, at 4 a. m. posted two men on the east side of the

