
river and one on the west side in thick chaparral, expecting the Indians would cross after some lumber they had stood up on end against some trees; 7 p. m. heard a gunshot up the river. August 18, at 5 a. m. hid our blankets and rations, then started up the river with my whole command; struck signs two miles above camp; followed three miles to where they had commenced constructing a dam to catch fish. They then divided into two parties, one went in the direction of Hoopa, and the rest up the river two miles and a half farther, where they turned off in the same direction. I then lost their tracks; then returned to camp at 7. 30 p. m. August 19, at 5 a. m. posted two men on a large rock on the east side of the river and one on the west side until dark. August 20, at 6. 30 a. m. started up the mountain to reconnoiter some small prairies on the west side; saw where some squaws had been gathering hay seed; went back to camp 5. 30 p. m. August 21, at 7. 30 a. m. moved camp up the mountain on the east side; camped on the Pardee ranch at 11 a. m. ; went up on the ridge and saw signs leading south about three days old; followed them five miles to where they turned off down the mountain, where we lost their tracks, then went back to camp 8 p. m. August 22, at 8 a. m. started for Camp Anderson; arrived 10. 30 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HILLIS,

Sergt., Company B, First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Detachment.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, August 23, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your favor informing me of an affirmative response by the War Department to the two telegrams sent by General McDowell and myself jointly. Nothing definite can be done about the volunteers until the general returns, I suppose, and as to the battery, I desire that that matter remain in abeyance for a few days, or until I see you personally.

Yours, very truly,

F. F. LOW.

SAINT LUIS OBISPO, CAL., August 25, 1864.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of Southern California, Drum Barracks, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report in relation to my expedition to San Luis Obispo, CAl.: Upon my arrival at this place I found everything quiet. The American flag was flying, and as I marched through the town a salute was fired, which was evidence to me that there was some loyalty existing in San Luis Obispo. I have conversed with the writers of both the letters referred to in my instructions, and also with Mr. Woodward, the gentleman shot by a secessionist at Warm Springs. I am unable to ascertain that any armed organization exists in this country, but I am convinced that an organization does exist here known as the Knights of the Golden Circle. I have no doubt that the loyal people here have been frequently insulted by persons of disloyal sentiment residing hereabouts, and believe that the presence of troops here

