
has produced a change for the better. I am informed and believe that the Warm Springs, situated in this county, about thirty miles distant from San Luis Obispo, on the overland mail road, is a strong secession locality, and I would respectfully recommend that I may be allowed to send Lieutenant John Smith, of my company, with a detachment of my command to that place to remain for a few days, believing it would produce a beneficial effect upon the disloyal people of that place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. CASS,

Captain, Fourth Infantry California Vols., Commanding Expedition.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, MIDDLE DIST. OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, Cal., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, San Francisco:

SIR: Potter informs me that Frazier leaves here to-day for San Francisco. He hails from Mazatlan; has some cotton interest there, which he is fond of talking about; is a great talker. Says a lawyer from San Francisco passed through Mazatlan some time since on his way to Richmond to obtain two letters of marque to commission vessels on this coast; that he thinks one commission is here now. This man Frazier is about five feet ten, weights 175 or 180, about fifty-five years of age, a little stoop shouldered; tells Potter he has been captain of a company of guerrillas in Texas for many months. It would be well to watch his movements. He is going to San Jone, and will be at San Francisco during the fair. I will send a more perfect de description to-morrow, as I shall see the man when the boat leaves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ROBINSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Fort Humboldt, Cal., August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army,

Hdqrs. Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Having just arrived at district headquarters from Fort Gaston, I have the honor to report the condition of Indian affairs in that section. On the 3rd instant Honorable A. Wiley, superintendent of Indian affairs for California, arrived at this place, and he accompanied me to Fort Gaston. After making his observations Mr. Wiley determined to establish an Indian reservation in Hoopa Valley, and took the preliminary steps therefor. Before committing the Government to this course, however, the Indian superintendent required that the Indians should deliver up their fire-arms, or a sufficient portion of them to prove their sincerity in a desire for peace. This condition I made known to the Indians, and for several days devoted myself, acting conjointly with Mr. Wiley, to have it complied with. The demand for the fire-arms of the Indians created considerable excitement amongst them, and it was doubtful for a time if they could be induced to give them up. The result was, however, satisfactory, as they brought in most of the guns to be in their possession. Undoubtedly they

