
have guns a pistols yet hid out in the mountains, but by judicious management they may all be obtained in time. The fire-arms recovered by the Indians are now in charge of the officer commanding Fort Gaston; but as many of them will be identified as the property of citizens and the balance to be disposed of for the benefit of the Indians, I have deemed it best that they be subject to the order of the superintendent of Indian affairs. Instruction upon this point is respectfully requested. All present indications lead to the belief that the main Indian troubles of this district are in a fair way of settlement. The Indians have been deceived so of ten they are yet very suspicious and watchful, but as they see the promises which have been madethem are kept in good faith by the officers of the Indian Department, they will gradually acquire full confidence in the humane intentions of Government. There are still a few small bands of savages in the mountains which must be hunted out and destroyed, and for this purpose it will be necessary to keep scouting parties in the field. It affords me pleasure to state that the superintendent of Indian affairs evinces discretion and zeal in the discharge of his duties and a desire to courteously co-operate with the military authorities in the management of the Indians in this district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON,Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., August 25, 1864.

His Excellency A. C. GIBBS,

Governor of State of Oregon, Portland, Oreg.:

GOVERNOR: If there is any truth in the telegraphic announcement of Indian trouble at Santiam, it is proper that I should say to you that I think it will be best for the militia of the vicinity to take care of the Indians. All the troops which could be spared from Fort Hoskins are absent with Indian Agent Simpson and Lieutenant Rathbun in the direction of Upper Coquille, Rogue River, and Coos Bay, looking after runaway and marauding Indians.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.

SUISUN, August 27, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

U. S. Provost-Marshal-General:

DEAR SIR: Circumstances have led certain Union men here to believe that one James Gibson, formerly a colonel in the rebel service in Missouri and a somewhat notorious guerrilla and desperado (and who is now known to be concealed among his relatives near Vacaville in this county), is engaged in organizing and drilling men, for purposes unknown, in the northern part of Solano County. They have also reason to believe that one Columbus Reeves, formerly a captain in the rebel service, and probably paroled by the authorities of the United States, and who lives in this place, is assisting in the same business. It is believed that the former of these men was recently held as a prisoner in Missouri and has escaped. I was requested at a recent meeting of the Union League to address you upon this subject, as you would be better able to judge as to whether it was worth while to attend to the matter. The only way

