
in which the truth can probably be ascertained is to set some spy upon their track, a thing which, if attempted by us or by the local authorities, would fail of bringing much to light. We know that the secessionists have been unusually active in purchasing shotguns, &amp;c., recently; that powder in small kegs is constantly arriving, directed to noted secessionists, who make the excuse that they want it for hunting purposes. We wish to create no alarm or to magnify anything, but so many suspicious movements have recently been notified that those who have the best chance to know are under the belief that some rebel plot is hatching; whether to form a company to leave for the East, whether to be prepared to resist a draft, whether to interfere with the coming election, or for what purpose none can say. It was thgouht, however, best to give you this information, that you might act as you thought best, if you thought it best to act at all.

Yours, very respectfully,

JNO DOUGHTY,

President of Suisun Union League anney of Solano County.

P. S. -Gibson was connected with Price's army when that general was in command in Missouri.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., No. 65. Near Great Salt Lake City, August 27, 1864.

Captain Price's company M), Second Cavalry California Volunteers, will proceed on Monday next to Camp Connor, Utah Ter., and report to the commanding officer of that post for duty.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

M. G. LEWIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., August 27, 1864.

First Lieutenant JOHN W. HOPKINS,

First Oregon Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

Hdqrs. District of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: For the information of the general commanding the district I have the honor to forward herewith copy of Post Orders, Numbers 105, and also of letter of instructions to Lieutenant Hobart.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 105. Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., August 25, 1864.

I. First Lieutenant Charles Hobart, with twenty-two men of the detachment of First Oregon Cavalry, and Second Lieutenant Charles F. West, with twenty-six men of the First Washington Territory Infantry, will hold themselves in readiness to march from this post on Saturday, the 27th day of August, 1864.

II. Two privates are hereby detailed from Company D, First Washington Territory Infantry, for the expedition, and will be temporarily attached to Company I, First Washington Territory Infantry.

