
III. The command will take with them one mountain howitzer with the necessary ammunition and 100 rounds per man of ammunition for small-arms, with field allowance only of baggage, together with forty days' rations, commencing the 1st of September, 1864. Further instructions will be given by the commanding officer of this post.

IV. The regimental quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation for the execution of this order.

By order of Colonel R. F. Maury:

F. B. WHITE,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant First Oregon Cavalry, Post Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS, Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant CHARLES HOBART,

First Oregon Cav., Commanding Expedition against Snake Indians:

LIEUTENANT: You will proceed with your command to Salmon Falls, making such examination of the country en route as you may deem necessary to determine the presence or movements of any hostile Indians. On arriving at the falls or vicinity you will camp Lieutenant West with most of the infantry, with directions to make examinations of the canons of the river above and below the falls, and generally as far in all directions as the character of his force will admit, the object of thecamp being specially to prevent the possibility of any interference with the overland travel. With this view your conduct will be generally regulated. It is left to yourself to determined on arrival at the falls and obtaining the necessary information the best course to adopt, reports of depredations in that vicinity making it probable that you may find Indians in out-of-the-way places, with the intention of preying upon the rear of the immigration. In view of Captain Currey's operations to the west of tahe Owyhee, it is suggested that if there should not be necessity for your remaining, it will be very desirable to prevent any parties flying from him, from finding hiding places and shelter on the east of that river, and to effect this a scouting party to the west of Salmon Falls, extending to the headwaters of the Owyhee, thence down that stream to a point opposite Bruneau, would most likely accomplish the object. The size of your party makes great vigilance and caution necessary. As regards the treatment of Indians you may find, your conduct must be governed by the fact that they are generally hostile and especially anxious at this time to find hiding places remote from the scene of their depredations and the operations of the different military expeditions in the country west of Snake River. The Indians who have been at and in the vicinity of this post, unless by observation satisfactory evidence of evil disposition should be discovered, will be an exception to the punishment which should be inflicted upon the Snake Indians generally. Frequent advices as to your acts and movements will be expected. It has been reported that parties were on the road with the Confederate flag flying. This emblem of treason will not be permitted to flaunt its iniquities in the face of a loyal population. If you should find any such cases you will tear down the flag and arrest parties, sending them under guard to this post. You will make such notes of your route as will enable you to compile a sketch or map of the same upon your return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding Post.

