SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 189. San Francisco, Cal., August 30, 1864.

* * * *

3. Major Milo George, Nevada cavalry, will proceed with the last company of his regiment leaving Fort Churchill to Camp Douglas, Utah Ter.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

R. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, August 30, 1864.

Captain J. C. DOUGHTY,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Camp Bidwell, Cal.:

CAPTAIN: Herewith inclosed is a copy of a letter* from General John Bidwell to General McDowell, dated the 13th of August, 1864, inclosing one from Mr. Havens, of Susanville, dated the 7th of August. The general commanding directs that you take half of your company with a wagon and thirty days' provisions and make an exploration of Surprise Valley. This examination is to be made with a view of ascertaining if there is any necessity for a military post in that quarter. Your report will be full and complete as to the extent of the valley, its distance and direction from Susanville, number of inhabitants, character and number of the Indians living in or visiting the valley, character of the country, wood, and water, and what resources may be relied on for subsisting men and animals, and the best point for locating a military post should it be deemed advisable to establish one; also the character of the roads leading to the valley. It is not expected that you will be absent from Camp Bidwell later than the 30th of September, unless some urgent necessity should render it necessary for you to remain longer in the valley, in which case you will send an express to Chico, reporting the facts. You will leave your lieutenant in charge of Camp Bidwell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 35. Fort Humboldt, Cal., August 30, 1864.

I. Captain Pico's company (A), Battalion Native California Cavalry, will proceed on the morning of September 1, 1864, to and take post at Fort Humboldt, and report to the commanding officer of same for duty.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

