
CAMP ANDERSON, CAL., August 24 [30?], 1864.

Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Humboldt Military District:

SIR: In compliance with Post Orders, Numbers 27, I left Camp Anderson at 5. 30 p. m. with eight men and six days' rations; went up the east side of Redwood to what is called the Pardee Ranch; camped at 10 p. m. August 25, at 7 a. m. took five men and reconnoitered the Hoopa trail as far as the South Fork, or what is called the Trinity trail, five miles; then followed the Trinity trail four miles south; then took down the ridge and reconnoitered around until 7 p. m. ; camped for the night. August 26, at 5 a. m. posted two men on a high mound on the ridge, where they could have a good view of both trails and the surrounding country for miles. August 27, at 6 a. m. moved camp down four miles above the crossing of Redwood; reconnoitered some small prairies on the west side; saw Indian signs about five days old; went back to camp 7 p. m. August 28, at 4. 30a. m. (one man sick, left him and one more in camp), started up the river with the balance, six; went about twenty miles; saw old signs about a month old; camped at 7 p. m. August 29, at 4 a. m. went down the east side of the mountain; saw old signs leading in the direction of Hoopa. August 30, at 7 a. m. started for Camp Anderson; arrived at 11. 30 a. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HILLIS,

Sergt. Company B, First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Detachment.

VANCOUVER, WASH. TER, August 31, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I beg to ask for the same authority for continuing consolidating, mustering in, and mustering out volunteer regiments or companies in the State of Oregon and the Territories in the Department of the Pacific, as has been given in your telegram of August 18 for California. The troops, old and new, for Oregon and Nevada not to exceed in all for each a regiment of cavalry and a regiment of infantry. The troops for Washington Territory not to exceed a regiment of infantry. Those for Idaho and Utah not to exceed four companies of cavalry or infantry in each as the state of the service from time to time may require.

I. McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

I concur is the above.

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

MARKLEEVILLE, August 31, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL:

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned citizens of Alpine County, desire to communicate to you as the commanding officer of the Department of the Pacific a few facts which we are sure should be in your possession, and which will before long affect our State and Nation seriously. We

61 R R-VOL L, PT II

