
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,San Francisco, September 4, 1864.

Respectfully referred to department headquarters. Came addressed to me and receipt acknowledged to Captain Mitchell.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP Numbers 12,

In the Field, August 31, 1864.

First Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Adjt. First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

A. A. A. G., Humboldt Military Dist., Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of scout by a detachment of twenty-one men of Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, under my command: Marched from Camp Grant July 19, 1864, and arrived in the Indians; country on the 12th day of August, after having marched about 100 miles, having spent a portion of the intervening time in prospecting the country for Indians. My camp is about twenty-five miles northeast of Round Valley, near the Yallo Balley Mountains, and in the midst of the Indian country, which is very rough, being one continuation of mountains and ravines, interspersed with dense thickets of timber and brush, which afford excellent hiding for Indians and render it almost inaccessible to white men; hence the difficulty of subduing by warfare. On the 12th day of August I succeeded in capturing five Indians, to whom I explained the object of the expedition, assuring them that all who came in and surrendered themselves would be well treated and provided for and those who refused to come in would be hunted and killed by the troops. I then instructed them to go out and find all the Indians they could and bring them to camp, since which time they have continued to come in slowly up to the present date. There are sixty-eight Indians in camp at present and the prospect is fair for many more. They appear well satisfied to be taken to the reservation, and from present appearances there will be but little difficulty in gathering them together if the business is properly conducted. From what information can be gained of the numbers of Indians in this vicinity there are probably 400 or 500 inhabiting a space of country about 150 miles in circumference, principally on the headwaters of the Eel River and lying between Round Valley on the west and Sacramento Valley on the east. The Indians appear to be in almost a destitute condition as to supplies of provisions for the coming winter, only being able to barely subsist themselves through the summer and fall months; consequently when winter commences they will be entirely destitute of subsistence and will necessarily be compelled to resort to plunder for a living.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. SIMPSON,

Captain, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers,

Commanding Company E.

CAMP IAQUA, CAL., August 31, 1864.

Captain THOMAS BUCKLEY,

Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, Commanding Post:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report: In obedience to instructions from the post commander I left Camp Iaqua on the 22d

