
instant with one corporal and thirteen privates of the Sixth California Volunteer Infantry, with seven days' rations; marched to Lawrence Creek, a distance of nine miles, and camped. August 23, sent Corporal Jones and four men up Booth's Run to look for Indian sign. He returned at 2 p. m. and reported having seen none. I with four men proceeded down Lawrence Creek some five miles; saw no Indian sign; returned to camp at 3 p. m. August 24, proceeded to Mad River by the north side of Iaqua Buttes, and traveling toward the east side, reached the river at 1 p. m., at a point opposite the Lone Cabin ranch; saw some old Indian signs on a small prairie north of the Buttes; traveled down Mad River to Bremer's ranch and camped. Distance marched this day, twenty-five miles. August 25, proceeded down Mad River to the mouth of Boulder Creek; saw some old Indian signs occasionally on the route. Camped on Boulder Creek, having marched about twenty miles this day. The woods and prairies in this vicinity are on fire, or have been burned in every direction. August 26, proceeded to Boynton's Prairie, a distanceof ten miles, and camped. Saw no Indian signs to-day. August 27, proceeded to Kneeland's Prairie, a distance of seven miles, and camped. Saw no Indian sign. August 28, proceeded to the west side of Humboldt Ridge; thence to the southern point of Kneeland's Prairie; then to Lawrence Creek, and camped. Saw some old Indian sign, such as a deserted camp, &amp;c., which had the appearance of not having been used for some months. Distance traveled this day, fifteen miles. August 29, returned to Camp Iaqua, Cal., a distance of nine miles, arriving at 11 a. m. Total number of miles traveled during the above scout, eighty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMORY WING,

First Sergeant Company C, Sixth California Volunteer Infantry.

OFFICE OF INDIAN AFFAIRS,

San Francisco, Cal., August 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Pacific:

SIR: The three companies of the Second Infantry California Volunteers commanded by Captain Gibbs, Captain Theller, and Lieutenant Gonnison are not, in my opinion, any longer required for service against the Indians in the Humboldt Military District. If no change should be made in the location of these companies soon, I beg to request that none of Company H, now stationed at Fort Gaston, Cal., be mustered out of service at that post. The welfare of the Indians there renders it pertinent for me to make this request.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN WILEY,

Superintendent of Indian Affairs, California.

SUSANVILLE, LASSEN COUNTY,

September 1, 1864.

General MASON,

Provost-Marshal, San Francisco:

DEAR SIR: The signs of the times in this section of our State are indicative of approaching danger to the interests of the cause of our Union. The unguarded expressions of disloyalty given utterance to by

