
many of our citizens, the fact of the existence of secret organizations in our midst among men known to be unfriendly to the country, the knowledge that a design upon the part of the Democratic party to interfere with our approaching elections is contemplated, and, we verily believe, will be attempted, the fact that we are a border county where deeds of political atrocity may be perpetrated with more of impunity than other sections of our State because of the many chances of escape of offenders, and the many occurrences coming almost every day within our own observation of activity and energy upon the part of those whom we know to design the destruction of our Government, the almost daily appearance of strangers in our midst of secession proclivity, holding close and earnest communion with secessionists dwelling here, have excited in our minds an intense anxiety and faer of impending evil. We would most respectfully represent to you that in view of this state of affairs we, as Union men, are making all preparations within our power to meet whatever emergency may require at our hands. We have organized a military company composed exclusively of staunch Union men, only needing a sufficient number of arms to render them efficient in time of danger and for which we have made application to the State, representing that nearly all of the available arms of this county have been secured by secessionists. We have a league of Union hearts, solemnly pledged to the defense of the country whenever necessity requires. We have Union clubs and a universal disposition manifest upon the part of the Union element to do and suffer all things for our own safety and that of our State and country. Believing, in view, then, of this condition of things, that the appointment of a deputy provost-marshal would have a happy tendency to keep down these insurrectionary movements threatened us and would the better enable us to preserve the peace and maintain the dignity and safety of this State, we would respectfully and earnestly pray you the appointment of Frank Drake deputy provost-marshal for Lassen County.

We remain, respectfully, your humble servants,

JNO S. WARD,

WIT DE HAVEN,

T. E. WARD,

E. R. NICOLES,

J. R. LOCKWOOD,

[AND 16 OTHERS.]

CAMP MATTOLE, September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant A. W. HANNA,

Adjutant First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the following report: August 16, sent prisoner Private Francis, Company E, First Battalion Mountaineers, California Volunteers, to Camp Grant, as I could not keep him here and scout, having no guard-house; also sameday I left camp with ten men, with thirteen days' rations, to scout in the Upper Mattole country; sent Corporal Smith and three men up on the south side of the river, with orders to meet the train at Rosse's Valley, on the Mattole River, a distance of twenty-five miles from this camp; camped at the Upper Crossing, having marched fifteen miles. August 17, reached Rosse's Valley, a distance of ten miles. August 18 and 19, staid in camp, waiting for Corporal Smith to join me. August 19, Corporal Smith arrived in camp and reported having found Indian signs, which he followed two days, the trail leading in the direction of the

