
head of Mattole River. August 20, sent out two scouting parties, Corporal Smith and three men going in the direction of Redwood Creek (a tributary of South Eel River); the other party, consisting of four men, followed the Indian sign found by Corporal Smith. August 25, Corporal Smith and party returned to camp and reported as having seen no fresh Indian sign. August 26, the other scouting party returned to camp and reported that the followed the Indians up to the headwaters of Mattole River, where the Indians crossed the divide to Usal Creek, near the headwaters of which one of them (Stephen Shannon) was wounded in the leg, and the party were obliged to return to camp. There were, as near as could be ascertained, fifteen in the party-men, women, and children. August 27, started for this camp, where I arrived on the 28th.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

K. GEER,

First Lieutenant First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Detachment at Mattole.

CAMP DOUGLAS, September 1, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m. 2d.)

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

All quiet. I assumed command of Camp Douglas to-day. The furnaces in Rush Valley are a decided success. Much rejoicing among miners. Brigham left for a six weeks' trip to the southern settlements this morning to subdue the growing spirit of resistence to his authority. The tocsin of his downfall is sounding.

P. EDWARD CONNOR.

OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL

OF CALIFORNIA AND NEVADA TERRITORY,

San Francisco, Cal., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General United States, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a report from Captain Robert Robinson relative to a secret organization in this State, inimical to the Government. * From facts obtained from Captain Jackson, provost-marshal of Southern District, and from an entirely different source, I am certain that there is reaslly a large number in the first degree. Believing it to be very important to know fully the extent and objects of this organization, I have authorized a second detective for service with Captain Robinson, and also sent one to Visalia, and authorized Captain Jackson to send one to Los Angeles. I do not think there will be any danger here until after the election, when if their party is defeated, it is highly probable that they may declare for a Pacific republic; at least, it is talked of in many parts of the State. A resistance to the draft is one of the objects of the organization. Another fact connected with the organization is that great activity prevails throughout the State amongst Copperheads in getting arms repaired and obtaining supplies of powder, &amp;c. These reports reach me daily from all parts of the State. I think we will be able to learn enough about them to be able to thwart them, whatever their intentions may be. I will report to you so soon as I obtain any further

---------------

*See August 25, p. 956.

---------------

