
the San Joaquin some twenty miles or less from this place. Say they are going to hunt there till after the draft is ordered or commenced. All are mounted, have guns, pistols, and bowie knives. You can attach such importance to this as its nature justifies.

Truly, yours,

H. B. UNDERHILL.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 4, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose two messages of yesterday from Governor J. W. Nye. I have this day forwarded the fifty men and two officers, Company C, Nevada cavalry, and 100 rifle-muskets, and accounterments as per his order. The Governor, provost-marshal, and several prominent citizens of this Territory have informed me that they are in possession of sufficient reliable information to induce them to believe that the secessionists are thoroughly organized in this Territory, and will attack one or more important points between the 7th and 15th of this month. The citizens (Union) are organizing home guards in all the towns of the Territory, and Governor Nye has ordered me to furnish them with arms. I cannot believe there is any serious apprehensions of an outbreak on the part of the secessionists, but the Governor and others appear to be well posted in regard to the plans of those who are opposed to the cause of our country, and therefore I am prepared for any emergency. Inclosed you will find copy of Post Orders, Numbers 96.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] CARSON CITY, September 3, 1864-2 p. m.

Major McDERMIT:

Two incendiary fires at this place last night and one other attempt; fear a vigilance committee. Send me fifty men to-day, well armed, if possible. Send me 100 arms and ammunition. Answer.

JAS. W. NYE.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CARSON CITY, September 3, 1864-8 p. m.

Major McDERMIT:

No change in affairs. Apprehensions of evil still existing. Send arms early as possible; also the men.

J. W. NYE.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 96. Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 4, 1864.

I. Company B, Nevada Infantry, is relieved from duty at this post, and will lbe in readiness to take up the line of march for Fort Ruby, Nev. Ter., at 5 a. m. to-morrow, to take post there.

II. Captain A. N. Runyon, assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence, will furnish the necessary transportation and twenty days' rations.

