
III. Company commanders will issue to the men of their respective companies twenty rounds of ball cartridges each, and will at retreat every evening have their companies to turn out with arms for inspection.

By order:

C. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

WM. H. CLARK,

First Lieutenant, Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Temporarily at Fort Gaston, September 4, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER AT BURNT RANCH:

SIR: Rumors have reached the district commander of a recent raid by hostile Indians upon the settlements of Hyampon and vicinity, doing considerable damage. In the absence of any official report from you on this subject the truth of the rumoris somewhat doubted. It is therefore directed by the lieutenant-colonel commanding that you submit a full account of the attack, if any there was, and the action you have taken in the affair, with any information in your possession that may be of service to the district commander. The messenger is expected to return to this post as early on Tuesday, the 6th instant, as practicable. You will therefore make no unnecessary delay in forwarding your dispatches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols.

WASHINGTON, September 5, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The Secretaryu of War directs that salutes of 100 guns be fired from the arsenals at Benicia and Fort Vancouver on the day after the receipt of this order at these points in honor of recent victories in the harbor of Mobile, and on the day following the salute at Benicia a salute of 100 guns in San Francisco in honor of General Sherman's victories near Atlanta. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 7, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California, Sacramento, Cal.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acnkowledge the receipt of your letter relative to the proper date of discharge of the California volunteers whose terms of service are about to expire. Circular Numbers 36, of May 2, 1864, from the War Department, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, directs as follows:

First. When all the companies of a regiment were mustered in within two months of the date at which the organization commenced, the date of muster-out of the organization will be determined by reckoning the period of service from the date of muster-in of the last company.

