HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, Cal., September 1, 1862.

Major GEORGE W. PATTEN,

Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army,

Commanding Fort Steilacoom, Wash. Ter.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your report relative to disturbance at Prot Townsend, Wash. Ter. The general apprehends no difficulty from the course pursued by the Federal officers. Should a difficulty arise the civil authorities must settle it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT,Ruby Valley, September 2, 1862. (Received 10 a. m. 4th.)

Major R. C. DRUM:

Arrived yesterday. Shall leave for Salt Lake in stage in three days. Command will not move until I return, if then. No supplies here or ahead. Major McGarry left Fort Chruchill yesterday.

P. E. CONNOR,

Colonel Third Infantry California Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS HUMBOLDT MILITARY DISTRICT,Fort Humboldt, September 2, 1862.

Captain H. FLYNN,

Second Infantry California Vols., Commanding at Fort Lyon:

CAPTAIN: As Mad River is too high to be forded for several months in witner, I desire to hold Fort Lyon for the purpose of securing a passage for the troops at all times over it for scouting between Mad River and Redwood Creek. In this view, and for the purpose of guarding the buildings and crops noiw at that point, which will be useful to our troops, you will leave there a detachment of ten men, including at least one reliable non-commissioned officer. They will be relieved every ten days from Fort Baker, the detachment always bringing with it ten days' rations. This detachment will be under the immediate command of the commanding officer at Fort Baker, of which it will be considered as an outpost, for the safety of which the post commander at Fort Baker will be responsible. The non-commissioned officer in command will have strict orders to keep one sentinel suitably posted constantly on duty, by night and by day, to keep his men at all times concentrated within the limits of the of the post, and ready to repel an attack at a moment's warning. You will immediately dismiss your present guide, his services at Fort Lyon being no longer needed. Mr. Bremer promises to charger no rent for the detachment. You will have a distinct understanding with him to that effect before leaving.

Very respectfully, captain, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS J. LIPPITT,

Colonel, Commanding Humboldt Military District.

7 R R-VOL L, PT II

