
In accordance with this, if the last company of a regiment was mustered into service on the 20th of May, 1861 (that date is considered the date of original organization and muster-in of the regiment), the period of service of the regiment will expire May 19, 1864 (expiration of original term), and at that date all the members of the regiment, except re-enlisted ones and those whohave joined since date of original organization, will be discharged.

Second. When there is a difference of two months or more between the dates of muster-in of the first and last companies, the companies will be mustered out separately and the field and staff reduced proportionably, and in the inverse order in which they were mustered in under paragraph 85 of the mustering regulations.

I will state here that the men were not in the service of the United States until they were mustered in; from the time of their enrollment until their muster at the completion of the organization they were in the State service, although they received pay for the intervening period from the Federal Government. The above are the regulations in the case; but now that authority has been given the major-general commanding to modify these regulations to suit circumstances, I would respectfully suggest that you would see the general immediately on his return from Oregon, and arrange for the discharge of men whose terms have expired. It will, I am sure, lead to trouble unless the matter is promptly attended to.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,Temporarily at Fort Gaston, September 7, 1864.

Captain A. MILLER,

First Batt. Mountaineers, California Vols., Commanding Company C:

CAPTAIN: From your report I deem it important that the Indians living in Trinity County be all taken prisoners and sent to Fort Humboldt as soon as practicable. By applying to the quartermaster at this post you will be supplied with the necessary number of mules for this service. You will [take] measures so as to secure all the Indians designated in your letters of the 28th ultimo and 6th instant, and that certain success may result I desire you to have all the troops you can use to advantage. Captain Long, commanding Fort Gaston, has been instructed to furnish you such assistance as you may signify to him you require. Be careful to be prepared for the business before moving in it, and then have an adequate force to make thorough work. It will be best to send the prisoners via the Hydesville and Trinity trail, and be sure that no prisoners escape after capture. Advise district headquarters of the probable time you will enter upon the arrest of these Indians, and immediately after the captures are made the number of prisoners taken, and when they may be expected at Fort Humboldt. Should you find it necessary, you are authorized to employ three or four reliable citizens as guides, &amp;c., for a short time. I am just informed that all but four or five of the mules of this post are now absent at Humboldt, but they will be here and be ready for your service by the middle of next week.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.

