
the authority exists, as I understand it does, to complete the Oregon regiment of cavalry, I wish a company may be raised as the general suggests. The company to rendezvous at Walla Walla.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. McDOWELL,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Olympia, Wash. Ter., September 7, 1864.

(Received 2. 20 p. m. 8th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President:

MY DEAR SIR: Washington Territory this day sends her first telegraphic dispatch, greeting yourself, Washington City, and the whole United States with our sincere prayer to Almighty God that His richest blessings, spiritual and temporal, may rest upon the perpetuate the whole of our beloved country; that His omnipotent power may bless her and deefnd the President of the United States, our brave Army and Navy, our Congress, and every department of the National Government forever.

In behalf of Washington Territory:

WM. PICKERING,

Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 113. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 7, 1864.

I. Colonel Justus Steinberger, First Washington Territory Infantry, having reported for duty agreeably to War Department Special Orders, Numbers 232, of July 9, 1864, he will repair to Fort Walla Walla and assume command of his regiment and of the post.

II. Major C. H. Rumrill, First Washington Territory Infantry, will repair to Fort Steilacoom and assume command of that post.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 8, 1864.

Brigadier General BENJAMIN ALVORD U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: On his recent visit to the island of San Juan the attention of the major-general commanding the department was called to the existing instructions to the commanding officer of the post at that place, and since his arrival here he has carefully considered the various papers you have submitted to him on the subject of the joint occupation of the island by the United States and British forces, and the question of the exercise of civil jurisdiction by officers of Washington Territory over American inhabitants residing or sojourning thereon. The general now instructs me to write to you as follows: Pending the negotiations between the United States and Great Britain concerning their

