
authority to be exercised is not as to territory, for that is the matter at issue, but as to individuals, and on the part of each military commander, so far as his countrymen are concerned, extends over the whole island. In the southern part of the island south of the U. S. military post is a farm of the Hudson Bay Company, and American citizens live in the northern part of the island. The instructions above quoted would place American citizens undeity and British subjects under American authority, which of course was not and is not intended by either party. The major-general commanding was accompanied on his visit to San Juan by His Excellency Governor Pickering, of Washington Territory, and the subject of the occupation of the island was discussed between them, the Governor concurring fully in the plan of General Scott, and saying he would appoint no justice of the peace for the island. If the inhabitants wish to vote or to pay taxes, and any civil officer of the Territory should come over for the purpose of receiving their votes or their money, you will instruct the commanding officer to afford him every facility possible for the purpose; but no authority, except such as the inhabitants may voluntarily submit to, must be exercised on the island pending the negotiations, save by or through military officers in command. Everything is at present quiet on the island, and it is not known that there is any further intention to raise questions likely to disturb that quiet. These instructions are therefore not so much with reference to the present as to the future, and are intended to guard against a state of affairs which might prove dangerous to the peace of the country. It is not necessary, it is thought, that they should be made known to any other than the commanding officer of the post until some occasion arises for their being enforced. The general trusts that when it does you will, by such appeals to the forbearance and patriotism of our people as you so well know how to make, induce them to yield a further acquiescence in the anomalous state of affairs existing on the island till the country is at leisure and better able than now to adjust it, not doubting that every right of every American citizen will be fully maintained.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. HAVEN,

Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C. September 8, 1864.

Governor PICKERING,

Olympia, Wash. Ter.:

Your patriotic dispatch of yesterday received, and will be published.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., September 10, 1864.

Major-General McDOWELL,

San Francisco, Cal.:

The authority asked for in your dispatch of the 31st of August from Vancouver is granted by the Secretary of War.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

