
FORT TEJON,

September 10, 1864-7. 50 p. m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Headquarters Department of the Pacific:

THe secessionists are arming at Tehachapi, sixty miles from this post, led by Harpending, one of the Chapman pirate crew, latterly of Keysville.

JOHN C. SCHMIDT,

Captain, Second Infantry.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 10, 1864.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Sacramento, Cal.:

General McDowell desires you to act in all things relative to affairs in your district as may seem to you for the best interests of the service.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Crook, Cal., September 10, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento City, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I made a demand on the chiefs of the Hot Creeks to deliver up a renegade Indian named Cayote Dick, charged with robbery. He was surrendered by them on the 3rd instant. On investigation I found that he had been engaged in the murder of three white men some years ago, and had committed two robberies within the past three months, and was considered so desperate a character by the tribe that they would not allow him to live with them, fearing that by his acts he would get them into trouble. Considering that it would be unsafe to allow him to be at liberty, I ordered him to be shot, which was done on the 7th instant. The tribe express themselves as satisfied with the justice of the sentence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. MELLEN,

Captain, Second Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 11, 1864.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter.:

MAJOR: Your letter of the 7th instant with inclosed communication from a few of the citizens of Susanville, Lassen County, have been laid before the general commanding the district, who desires you to assure the citizens of Lassen that they need not entertain any apprehensions that their peace and quiet will be disturbed either by Indians or secessionists. A company of cavalry under Captain Doughty is now on its march through the northeastern counties of the State, and will make a reconnaissance of Surprise Valley, having in view the establishment of a post in that quarter should it be deemed necessary. The general

