
desires that you require frequent reports from Captain Hassett in relation to status of the country he is operating in, and that you communicate freely with these headquarters on the subject.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 117. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 12, 1864.

I. On the arrival of Captain Currey's command at the mouth of the Owyhee the detachment of Company A, First Oregon Cavalry, at Fort Boise, under command of First Lieutenant Charles Hobart, First Oregon Cavalry, will rejoin its company, in the command of Captain Currey, and accompany it to Fort Walla Walla.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 13, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento, Cal.:

SIR: I have the honor to acnowledge the receipt of your letter in which the general commanding wishes to know what special reason Governor Nye had in asking for the issue of arms to the home guards. For the last two months the Governor, provost-marshal, and other prominent citizens in this Territory have been in possession of such information that induces them to believe that as soon as the troops leave this post the secessionists intend giving trouble, and therefore the loyal citizens have formed themselves into organized companies styled the home guards for their own protection, and have called on the Governor to furnish them arms. I have issued 380 muskets and accouterments on the Governor's order, but when he made the last demand for 200 I requested him to get an order from you for me to make the issue, as I did not wish to do so without authority from you to do so. Inclosed you will find invoices of arms and equipments which the Governor informed me he procured from the Secretary of War for the use of the Territory when he was at Washington in 1863, and he believes these arms are at Benicia Arsenal awaiting transportation to this post. We have remaining on hand at this post 240 muskets and accounterments, 108 percussion rifles, 85 Starr pistols, and 120,000 ball cartridges.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 118. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 13, 1864.

I. Pursuant to orders of this date from headquarters Department of the Pacific, Company G, First Oregon Cavalry, under command of Captain H. C. Small, will repair to Camp Watson, on Rock Creek, Oreg., and hut themselves for the winter.

