HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 16, 1864.

Captain H. B. MELLEN,

Second California Cavalry, Commanding Fort Crook:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 10th instant, covering one from Mr. J. Root, of Susanville, and also one from Mr. T. W. Hinchman, of Red Bluff, has been laid before the general commanding. Captain Doughty, Second California Cavalry, with a detachment of his company, is now making a reconnaissance of Surprise Valley with a view to the establishment of a military post in that section should it be deemed necessary, and Lieutenant Close, First Nevada Territory Infantry, is also on a scout with thirty men from Camp Susan, near Susanville, where Captain Hassett, same regiment, is stationed with his company. The general desires that he may be kept fully advised of any further suspicious movements of the parties mentioned in your letter, or any others, and that you exercise watchfulness and viiglance in thwarting any intents hostile to the Government.

Respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STATE OF OREGON, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Salem, September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General B. ALVORD,

Commanding District of Oregon:

GENERAL: By a letter from General McDowell he expresses the desire to have a company of cavalry raised in the vicinity of Auburn. * I suppose he must refer to the proposition of Colonel Maury sent some time ago. I made an appointment. Will not the same still do? I know of no other person liable to act. If the papes then made out will answer, I desire to have them sent.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADDISON C. GIBBS,

Governor of Oregon.

AUSTIN, September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR:

DEAR SIR: The undersigned, loyal citizens of this Government, believing in the supremacy of Federal laws, the perpetuity of the Union, and the defeat of traitors and the suppression of the rebellion both in words and acts, beg leave to represent the necessity of having a proper military force in this place. Copperheadism and secession are rampant in this city, and as it is the first place of any consequence reached by the emigrants, the numerical force of those opposed to our Government promises to be in the ascendant, which element will be kept in subjection by the presence of Federal soldiers. The approaching election increases the necessity, and as forage and accommodations here are abundant and as cavalry troops are soon expected in our midst we earnestly request that you will take such measures to give us a sufficient force (military) until the November election as will protect Union interests, humble rebels, and defend the true interests of the

---------------

*See McDowell to Gibbs, September 7, p. 971.

---------------

