
Territory for the number obtained there. If he had refused, the recruiting would have to be confined to Oregon, and Auburn was the best center. Mr. Holtzenhausen was a resident of La Grande, Oreg. I fear from the letters of Colonel Maury that Mr. Holtzenhausen will not undertake the experiment. There is not yet time to have heard from him since the papers went on.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. ALVORD,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Boise, Idaho Ter., September 21, 1864.

Lieutenant J. W. HOPKINS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Oregon, Fort Vancouver, WAsh. Ter.:

SIR: Information from Lieutenant West, First Washington Territory Infantry, who constitutes part of Lieutenant Hobart's command, has been received. He was then on Rock Creek, fifty miles above Salmon Falls, and was in pursuit of a party of Indians that had stolen sixteen head of work cattle from one of the mail stations in that vicinity. Small parties of Indians on the south and west of Snake River appear to be very active in stealing. The Overland Mail Company represent the necessity of troops at Fort Hall. This is an important point, where the travel from Salt Lake to the East Bannock or Beaver Head country and the east to Oregon and Washington Territory and the Boise country intersect. No complaints of Indians are made, but road agents have been depredating, and it is feared that, from the general spirit of lawlessness pervading a certain class, that the danger from this source may increase. It is my opinion that this point should have, as soon as can be, at least a temporary camp of considerable strength.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. MAURY,

Colonel First Oregon Cavalry, Commanding.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 22, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California;

SIR: I have the honor to request, under the special authority granted to that effect from the War Department, a copy of which has been furnished you, that a regiment of California volunteers, infantry, be raised as soon as possible, in addition to those now in service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

FORT POINT, September 22, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

GENERAL: The battery at Point Blunt, Angel Island, has been completed for some weeks, but I find that the armament intended for this

