
point has been placed in position at Camp Reynolds by Major Andrews, and I have to request that if the disposition made by him of those guns is approved by you others may be sent to supply their places. The battery is designed for six 32-pounders and one 10-inch center-pintle gun. The 10-inch gun has not been mounted by Major Andrews, but he wishes an order from you before permitting its removal.

I am, general, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S. Engineers.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Major Andrews, Third Artillery, commanding Angel Island.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

CAMP REYNOLDS, Angel Island, Cal., October 1, 1864.

Received to-day. The guns sent here were disposed of as follows: Three 32-pounder guns and one 10-inch howitzer (columbiad) were placed in Battery No, 1, the extreme northwest point of the island; seven 32-pounders, two 10-inch and one 8-inch gun were placed in Battery Numbers 2 about 400 yards south of Battery Numbers 1; five other 32-pounders were placed in battery near the wharft. Nobody ever said that any of these guns were sent here by accident or were intended for another post. On the contrary, I consulted with Colonel De Russy before I made the wharf battery. There are five (not six) 32-pounders in the wharf battery. I consider it a very valuable one, and hope that if a transfer of guns should be decided on that this battery be left alone and the other guns be sent to Point Blunt. The sending of these guns will, in my opinion, cause an unnecessary expense of about $400 in gold. I may as well state that when these guns were sent here I distinctly understood from General G. Wright that I was to make the wharf battery and to arm it with guns to be sent by Captain McAllister; that Captain McAllister sent me 24-pounder front-pintle guns, which I refused as not suitable, and then made the present battery. It is my opinion as an artillery officer that the present wharft battery is very valuable, and that the same number of 32-pounder guns can be better spared from the hill batteries.

Respectfully,

GEO. P. ANDREWS,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, and Captain, Third Artillery.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 204. San Francisco, Cal., September 22, 1864.

1. All the Second and Sixth Regiments of California Infantry serving in the District of Humboldt, except Captain Douglas' company (F), Second Infantry California Volunteers, at Round Valley, will take post as follows: The headquarters and companies of Sixth Infantry at Benicia Barracks; the companies of Second Infantry at the Presidio of San Francisco, there to be mustered out of service.

2. The quartermaster's department will, if possible, make arrangements to bring the troops belonging to the above-named regiments now at Camp Lincoln and Forts Humboldt and Bragg on the return trip of

