
the steamer leaving for those points on Friday next. The detachment of infantry at Port Oxford will be withdrawn to Camp Lincoln and from thence sent to this city.

3. The abandonment of Camp Lincoln is left discretionary with the district commander. Should such be his determination the movable property thereat will be taken to Fort Humboldt, otherwise the acting quartermaster of the post with four enlisted men, to be selected from those who have re-enlisted, will be left in charge of the Government property until properly relieved, which the district commander will immediately cause to be done by a detachment from the Mountaineer Battalion.

4. The remaining companies of the Second, except Captain Douglas', and the companies of the Sixth will be immediately marched to Fort Humboldt, prepared to embark for their destination. The district commander will give all orders necessary for carrying this into effect at the earliest moment, and will, by return of the steamer leaving this port to-morrow, report the day at which the remaining companies will be ready to embark in order that transportation may be procured accordingly.

5. The district commander will make such disposition of his battalion and of the companies of the Second Infantry and Native Cavalry as will best serve to protect the settlements and the Indian reservations.

6. The major-general commanding takes the occasion to commend the troops serving in the Humboldt District for their energy and good conduct in the service in which they have been recently engaged.

7. Company K (Ulio's), Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will take post in this city and act as provost guard under the special orders of the provost-marshal-general for California. When relieved the men composing the present guard, as also the lieutenant in command, will be sent to their respective companies. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. G. WHIPPLE,

Commanding District of Humboldt, Fort Humboldt, Cal.:

SIR: The chief quartermaster at these headquarters has been directed to give special instructions to the acting quartermasters at Fort Bragg and Camp Lincoln relative to the disposition of public property at those posts should you determine to abandon the latter. The major-general commanding is desirous that the Second and Sixth Infantry should be concentrated at the points designated in special orders at the earliest day practicable, and hopes you will facilitate the movement with the means at your disposal, so that the whole of these regiments serving in your district will be sent to this city on the next two trips of the steamer. It is the general's desire that the company left at Round Valley (Douglas') should not be moved without first receiving his sanction to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

