
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 23, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m. 24th.)

Major-General McDOWELL and Governor LOW,

San Francisco, Cal.:

Major-General Sheridan attacked the rebel forces under Early and Breckinridge on Monday, the 19th instant, at Bunker Hill. After a hard-fought battle, lasting all day, the rebels were defeated with a loss of 6 general officers killed or wounded, 4,000 stand of arms, over 5,000 prisoners, 5 pieces of artillery, and 15 colors. THe rebels were pursued through Winchester and Strasburg to Fisher's Hill, south of Strasburg, where they made a stand in a strongly intrenched position. Yesterday at 4 p. m. Sheridan again attacked them, and achieved a most signal victory. The rebel army was completely routed, sixteen pieces of artillery were captured and a large number of prisoners. Sheridan at 11 o'clock last night reported his army still in pursuit, six miles from Woodstock, and that only darkness saved the whole of Early's army from total destruction.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 23, 1864.

General B. ALVORD,

Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter.:

Order the abandonment of Hoskins.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF OREGON, Numbers 121. Fort Vancouver, Wash. Ter., September 23, 1864.

I. Pursuant to instructions of this date from department headquarters, Fort Hoskins will be abandoned, a non-commissioned officer and two privates of Company D, Fourth California Volunteers, being left as a guard.

* * * *

XI. As soon as Captain L. S. Scott, Fourth California Volunteers, has taken the necessary steps for the execution of this order, he will proceed with Company D to Fort Yamhill and assume command of that post. Captain Scott will assemble at Fort Yamhill such of the men of his company as should be mustered out next month.

By order of Brigadier-General Alvord:

J. W. HOPKINS,First Lieutenant, First Oregon Cavalry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, NEVADA TERRITORY,

Virginia City, Nev. Ter., September 24, 1864.

Major McDERMIT,

Commandant of Fort Churchill:

SIR: I am quite apprehensive of trouble with the Miners' League on Tuesday next-perhaps before. They have assumed a belligerent attitude, and have undertaken to coerce the employers into their measures.

