
It must not, it shall not, be done. When this came to my knowledge I telegraphed to General McDowell to countermand the order for the removal of the troops from the fort; hence the order. I have been here from Carson two days, and am fully impressed with the belief that the peace of the Territory depends upon the presence of the two companies of cavalry from Sunday evening till Tuesday. I hope you will send them, with a plenty of ammunition. Do so, and oblige,

Yours, truly,

JAMES W. NYE,

Governor of the Territory of Nevada.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 24, 1864.

Governor J. W. NYE,

Virginia City, Nev. Ter.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date, requesting me to send the two cavalry companies to Virginia City. Inclosed you will find a telegram from headquarters Department of the Pacific of date September 5, 1864, in which you will perceive that it is out of my power to send troops as per your request, unless you obtain an order from General Wright, commanding the district, for me to do so. The troops will be in readiness to march at a moment's warning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.] SAN FRANCISCO, September 5, 1864.

Major CHARLES McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

* * * Report to General Wright condition of affairs in Nevada Territory and act on instructions received from him.

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, NEVADA TERRITORY,

Virginia City, Nev. Ter., September 24, 1864.

Major McDERMIT,

Commanding Post, Fort Churchill:

MAJOR: In view of the request forwarded by the governor for the troops to assemble here, I would state that they had better bring with them their field and camp equipments, rations, and tents, as they can be camped on guard limits and my own grounds, and perfectly free from the populace and without incurring extra expenses. As we are without forage, Runyon should come up and place it in quarters.

Respectfully, yours,

J. L. VAN BOKKELEN,

Captain.

