
our citizens. Without them we have abundant reason to fear horrid consequences. The grounds of our apprehensions are their impudent actions, the general tenor of their conversation, their efforts to obtain arms and ammunition, and their general movements, together with what persons tell us of their designs, to whom years of acquaintance and a knowledge of their language gives them good opportunity to know. It is, then, from these considerations and in order to prevent the consequences named, and a total abandonment of the valley, that we, your petitioners, ask aid of our respected authorities; and for the same your petitioners will ever pray.

THOS. MAHONY,

JOHN B. HUGHES,

P. B. TRIPP,

[AND 21 OTHERS.]

CARSON CITY, September 25, 1864.

Major McDERMIT,

Fort Churchill:

Received this p. m. telegram from General Wright as follows:

J. W. NYE (for Majro McDermit):

Send cavalry force to Virginia City, as requested by the Governor.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

J. W. NYE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 26, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM PITT FESSENDEN,

Secretray of the Treasury, Washington, D. C.:

In view of the approaching election, which is to be unusually exciting in this department, it is much to be desired that if possible no additional disturbing cause should be allowed to exist, and as the stopPAGEof the mint in this mining community, which I am informed is about to take place, will exasperate a large interest against the Government, I venture to ask your attention to the subject for such action as may be in your power to remedy the existing difficulty in that institution and if possible during the present month.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Sacramento, September 26, 1864.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of the Pacific:

GENERAL: I am informed that the troops at Fort Ruby (a portion of Third Infantry California Volunteers) have not moved as yet toward Salt Lake. If such be the case, the correctness of which youc an ascertain by telegraph, I would suggest and urge that, instead of those men being marched 250 miles away from home in order to reach headquarters to be discharged, that you give instructions to the post commander at Fort Ruby to retain them at that point until their time expires,

