
send an officer there to investigate the transcations reported by Captain Kelly. I propose to send the officer at the same time the paymaster goes, with an escort from Fort Crook. My latest dates from Fort Klamath are September 18. Mr. Huntington, superintendent of Indian affairs for Oregon, had been at the post and had a talk with the Klamath and Modoc Indians, and will meet those Indians, together with such of the Snakes as can be induced to come in, on the 5th of October, for the purpose of making a treaty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigdier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 26, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: Last evening I received a telegram from Governor Nye saying that the peaec of the Territory required the presence of the cavalry force now at Fort Churchill at Virginia City for two days. I directed Major McDermit to send the force as requested by the Governor. I have telegraphed Major McDermit to let me know the condition of affairs at Virginia City and full particulars by mail.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 106. Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 26, 1864.

I. Agreeably to instructions from headquarters District of California, of the September 25, 1864, Companies D and E, Nevada Cavalry, under command of Major Milo George, will provide themselves with three days' rations and proceed to Virginia City, Nev. Ter., to-day at 8. 30a. m., and upon their arrival there the commanding officer will report to Governor J. W. Nye for instructions.

II. Captain A. N. Runyon, assistant quartermaster, will furnish the necessary transportation, forage, and fuel for the command.

By order:

C. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.

SAN FRANCISCO, September 26, 1864.

General P. E. CONNOR,

Salt Lake City:

Order Major McGarry with headquarters of Second Cavalry to take post at Camp Union, Sacramento.

By order:

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

