HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, September 26, 1864.

General GEORGE WRIGHT,

Commanding District of California, Sacramento:

GENERAL: A paper from prominent citizens of Mariposa County to the commanding general, requesting military protection, was referred to Governor Low, with a request that he would indorse his opinion thereon and forward same to you for action. The major-general commanding desires a company of cavalry sent to the county above referred to, preferably Starr's, Second Cavalry, but wishes the people there to distinctly understand that the arrangement is not to be considered a permanent one. The loyal citizens of that county should endeavor to raise a volunteer company for the regiment just called for, and it is believed that a little exertion on their part would secure one from that locality. The general desires you to encourage them to this end, assuring them that the company, if raised, will remain for a time for their protection.

Very truly and respectfully,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 26, 1864.

His Excellency F. F. LOW,

Governor of California, Sacramento:

GOVERNOR: Captain Starr with Company F, Second Cavalry, will move at once to Mariposa County, camping in the vicinity of Bear Valley and keeping an eye on the disaffected in that quarter, repressing any attempts at organization tending to disturb the peace and quiet of the county. I have directed Captain Starr to keep me fully advised of the condition of affairs in Mariposa, and to consult freely with the civil officers and leading Union men there.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 26, 1864.

Captain A. W. STARR,

Second California Cavalry:

(Through Commanding Officer, Camp Union.)

CAPTAIN: The general commanding has received information that bodies of men are organizing and making preparations for hostile demonstrations on the San Joaquin and in a part of Mariposa County. The general directs that you move with your company, excepting those men whose terms of service expire in October, to Mariposa, and camp in the vicinity of Bear Valley, keeping a vigilant eye on any organizations or movements of the disaffected in that quarter, moving your command and sending out the detachments to such points as you may deem proper. Take thirty days' rations with you; consult freely with the civil officers and leading Union men in Mariposa. The general reposes

63 R R-VOL L, PT II

