
great confidence in your sound judgment and discretion, and desires you to keep him fully advised of the condition of affairs in that quarter.

Respectfully,

E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Churchill, Nev. Ter., September 26, 1864.

Lieutenant E. D. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sacramento City, Cal.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to inclose herewith a letter from Governor Nye, of date September 24, requesting me to send the two cavalry companies to Virginia City, Nev. Ter.,* also a copy of my reply and telegram from the Governor, including one from the general commanding the district, ordering me to send cavalry force to Virginia City as requested by the Governor. # I also inclose a copy of Post Orders, Numbers 106, directing the movements of the two cavalry companies. ## The Governor's letter to me of the 24th of September will explain to the general the condition of affairs in Virginia City. I don't anticipate any serious trouble at Virginia CIty or any other place in this Territory at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. McDERMIT,

Major, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have before me the petitions of the citizens of Owen's River Valley and Surprise Valley asking for military protection against hostile Indians. An exploration of Surprise Valley is now being made by Captain Doughty, Second Cavalry, and a detachment from Captain Hassett's company of Nevada infantry. I am expecting daily to receive reports which will enable me to lay before the general my views in full as to the necessity of stationing troops in the valley. As to the petition from Owen's River Valley, I do not believe it either necessary or expedient to send troops there at this time. I believe that light, movable columns, traversing through remote, sparse settlements exposed to Indian depredations at certain seasons of the year, are preferable to permanent stations and much less expensive to the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UTAH, Camp Douglas, Utah Ter., Numbers 74. Near Great Salt Lake City, September 27, 1864.

I. Pursuant to orders from department headquarters, Major Edward McGarry, Second California Volunteers, with the headquarters

---------------

*See p. 986.

#See p. 987.

##See p. 992.

---------------

