
of his regiment will proceed to Camp Union, Sacramento, Cal., and report to Brigadier-General Wright, commanding District of California, for duty.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

CHAS. H. HEMPSTEAD,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence, U. S. Volunteers,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA,Sacramento, September 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Pacific, San Francisco, Cal.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th instant. Captain Starr, with his company, will march hence to-morrow from Mariposa. Inclosed herewith is a copy of my instructions to the captain. * The wishes of the general as conveyed to me in your letter will be attended to. Inclosed I send you two telegrams, 26th and 27th of September, from Major McDermit. # I have not granted the leave, but will do so when the condition of affairs at Virginia City will justify it. Should General McDowell determine to visit Fort Churchill and Virginia City please let me know, as I do not wish Major McDermit to be absent at the time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 210. San Francisco, Cal., September 29, 1864.

* * * *

7. As fast as the companies of the Third California Volunteer Infantry at Utah shall be diminished by the expiration of the terms of service of the enlisted men, so as to call for it, they will be consolidated under such special instructions as shall be given by Brigadier-General Connor into such number of companies of the maximum organization as will contain all the men of that regiment who remain in service. General Connor will select the officers to command these consolidated companies, and those not so retained will be mustered out of service. The field and staff of the regiment will also be mustered out of service as it is reduced; the colonel, major, and assistant surgeon and regimental staff when the regiment is below five companies, and the lieutenant-colonel and surgeon when the number falls below three full companies.

8. No infantry recruits will be sent from California to Utah till further orders. Those now at Camp Union will be retained there.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See September 26, p. 993.

#For the 26th, see p. 994; that of the 27th is omitted.

---------------

