SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 211. San Francisco, Cal., September 30, 1864.

* * * *

3. The hospital at the Presidio of San Francisco and Benicia Barracks, heretofore known as the Wright and Barnes General Hospitals, respectively, are, upon the recommendation of the medical inspector, attached to and will form part of these posts as post hospitals, under the same control of the commanding officers as other hospitals at military posts.

* * * * *

6. Major Thomas F. Wright, Sixth Infantry California Volunteers, will take post at the Presidio of San Francisco and take charge of the headquarters and companies of the Second Regiment of Infantry California Volunteers as they arrive at that post.

7. Company E, Ninth Infantry, U. S. Army, is hereby detailed to form part of the provost guard in this city. The company will come into the city on Monday next (3rd proximo), the commander turning over to the quartermaster at the Presidio such of the garrison equiPAGEas will not be required for its use in the city.

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 42. Fort Humboldt, Cal., September 30, 1864.

I. Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 204, Department of the Pacific, of date September 22 instant, Companies E, Captain E. B. Gibbs, I, Captain E. R. Theller, and H, Lieutenant John E. Gonnisson commanding, all of the Second Regiment Infantry California Volunteers, will embark on steamer Panama, now in this harbor, and proceed to and take post at the Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,

First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 1, 1864.

His Excellency, F. F. LOW,

Governor of California, Sacramento:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your three lettersof the 26th ultimo. Immediate steps were taken in the matter of the troops at Fort Ruby, as you will have seen from the copy of the order in the case which was sent you. It had been represented to me that many of the men of the Third Regiment there had acquired interests in Utah, and it was asked they might be mustered out there, and they were ordered to Great Salt Lake City, as there only could the Pay Department place a paymaster to pay them off, and then, only in Utah, was there a mustering officer.

I have promised in the best practicable way I could command to meet your views, and those of others interested in the question, and now every man of the regiment at Fort Ruby has his choice as to the place of his discharge-Utah or California.

