
The copy of our telegram to the Secretary of War has been sent to you, and I have given orderes to the commanding officer at Benicia Arsenal to furnish the ammunition you require in the way you designate.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

FORT POINT, October 1, 1864.

Colonel R. C. DRUM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Pacific, San Francisco:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo, advising me that Major Andrew had been directed to turn over to me the battery of six 32-pounder guns at Camp Reynolds and that the ordnance officer at Benicia would send others to replace them. I would respectfully suggest that if Major Andrews has not already dismounted his guns it would perhaps be better to send me the guns from Benicia direct (if six 32-pounders with circles and carriages can be had), for the reason that the circles and carriages are always more or less injured by being taken up and replaced, and it would be less expensive to send them direct from Benicia to Point Blunt.

Awaiting the action of the general on my suggestion, I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. DE RUSSY,

Colonel, U. S. Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

Let this be done. Send for Major Andrews, and arrange with him and the quartermaster, so that there may be harmony of action between them and between them and the ordnance and engineer departments. There are only three 32-pounders at Benicia.

I. McDOWELL.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC, Numbers 212. San Francisco, Cal., October 1, 1864.

1. Colonel James F. Curtis, Fourth Infantry California Volunteers, will repair to Sacramento, Cal., for the purpose of conferring with the Governor of California relative to the reorganization of the Fourth Infantry. After the completion of this duty the colonel will return to Drum Barracks.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McDowell:

RICHD. C. DRUM,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT,

Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. C. DRUM, U. S. Army,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Department of the Pacific:

SIR: Department Special Orders, Numbers 204, of 22nd ultimo, were received at this post day before yesterday (September 29). In compliance therewith Companies E, H, and I, Second Infantry California

