
Volunteers, embark to-day for the Presidio of San Francisco per steamer Panama. An order is also issued from these headquarters to Captain Hull, at Fort Bragg, to proceed with his company (D, of the Second Infantry California Volunteers) to the same destination and by the same conveyance. The fact that the orders were not left here on the upward trip of the steamer rendered it impracticable to communicate with Captain O'Brien, commanding Camp Lincoln, in time for the embarkation of his company. As the abandonment of Camp Lincoln is left discretionary with me, I respectfully represent to the general commanding the department that there are several hundred Indians on Smith's River Indian Reservation, some seven miles north of Camp Lincoln, and as many more in the immediate vicinity not living on the reservation. To the southward of Camp Lincoln, and distant but about twenty-five miles therefrom, the Klamath, flows into the ocean. On this stream there are large numbers of Indians who visit at will the reservation at Smith's River and the settlements about Crescent City and Camp Lincoln. At the present time these Indians are all, or nearly all, apparently friendly, but they are not to be demended upon. The citizens of Del Norte County are much alarmed at hearing probably no troops would remain at Camp Lincoln. I deem it necessary to the preservation of peace that Camp Lincoln be garrisoned by one company, and shall take measures accordingly. I would most respectfully but earnestly, call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that but few troops will remain in the District of Humboldt after the fulfillment of department orders under consideration. The aggregate strength of the Mountaineer California Volunteers does not exceed 400, which, with one company Native California Volunteers, seems but a small available force for the work to be performed. It is impossible to place the situation of affairs in this district intelligibly before the department commander in a short and hurried communication, as this is of necessity, but I feel certain that if all the circumstances were fully comprehended Department Orders, Numbers 204, would be so modified that but one company of the Sixth Infantry Regiment would be taken from there at present. And should this suggestion meet favorable consideration, my plan would be that one company of the Sixty (say Captain Cook's) relieve Captain O'Brien at Camp Lincoln, proceeding by steamer on next upward trip. The three companies of the Sixth Regiment Infantry California Volunteers now in the district will be at Fort Humboldt, prepared to embark one week from to-day (October 8, 1864.)

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. WHIPPLE,

Lieutenant Colonel First Battalion Mountaineers, California Vols.,

Commanding Humboldt Military District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 43. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 1, 1864.

I. Captain Hull with his company (D), Second Infantry California Volunteers, will proceed forthwith by steamer Panama and take post at the Presidio of San Francisco.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

