SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF HUMBOLDT, Numbers 44. Fort Humboldt, Cal., October 1, 1864.

Upon the departure of Companies C, D, E, H, and I, Second Infantry California Volunteers, from this district the lieutenant-colonel commanding takes pleasure in alluding to the general good conduct of these troops while serving under him-both officers and enlisted men. Their correct deportment upon all occasions and their cheerful and prompt obedience of orders have been highly praiseworthy.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Whipple:

A. W. HANNA,First Lieutenant and Adjt. First Batt. Mountaineers, Cal. Vols.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SACRAMENTO, October 3, 1864-1 p. m.

Colonel R. C. DRUM:

Cavalry sent to Virginia City have returned to Fort Churchill. All quiet.

G. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, MIDDLE DIST. OF CALIFORNIA,

Sacramento, Cal., October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN S. MASON,

Acting Assistant Provost-Marshal-General, San Francisco, Cal.:

SIR: It is in contemplation of the secret order to call together camps of their men. The officers in authority here are expecting to receive the order every day, and have given out the password by which the men can enter the camps. It is this: When challenged by the sentinel with the words "Who comes there?" or "Who goes there?" they answer "I. " The sentinel then asks, "Where are you going?"-A. "Home. " The sentinel then asks, "Where is your home?"-A. "Dixie. " This admits the member of the order to pass any of their sentinels, and, as they say, will admit a person into any Confederate camp here or at the South. This password has been given out so lately that I only got in this morning.

ROBERT ROBINSON,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE PACIFIC,San Francisco, October 3, 1864.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding District of Utah:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith inclosed, by direction of the major-general commanding, a copy of his letter to the Governor of Utah Territory relative to raising for service on the overland route four companies of infantry in that Territory. The general desires you to afford all facilities in your power to raise these companies in Utah, as it may be difficult to send you forces from this part of the department. The general is gratified at the announcement made in your letter of the 22nd ultimo that the condition of affairs in your district is such as not to require additional forces from this side, where it is probable they may be required.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. DRUM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

