
Parkersburg. The train has really been on the march since the time of starting. Lieutenant Wetmore states that there is not one wagon in the train that has not been overturned, in some cases as many as six times. I shall keep the train moving constantly, and when the mules are completely worn out substitute horses from the command. The clay mud is of such a consistency as to be as tough as putty, and a large number of the horses have the extra ones in the saddle-bags. The delay is to me very vexatious, and I shall spare no exertions to hurry everything forward. It was a sad mistake to have attempted to send any portion of the command whatever by this road. Please assure the general commanding that I am aware of the urgency in having everything forward as soon as possible, and will exert any effort in my power to hurry them forward. The road between Pond Creek and this point was declared impassable by all I questioned.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 27, 1864-11 a.m.

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

Dispatches from New Berne. All quiet at New Berne and Little Washington, N. C., Deserter captured reports Martin's brigade, of which he is a member, and other troops being forwarded, via Weldon, to Richmond, and railroad seized for that purpose. Do not apprehend further demonstration in North Carolina.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 27, 1864.

(Received 11.40 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

Colonel Rowley has arrived. But one iron-clad here yet. Three more to come. Will not be here before Sunday; General Gillmore not before Saturday, if then. Six regiments of his troops behind, two of which are near Washington.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 117. Fort Monroe, Va., April 27, 1864.

* * * * *

XI. Brigadier General Israel Vogdes is hereby temporarily relieved from duty in the Tenth Army Corps, and is ordered to report to General Shepley, to be assigned to the command of the Defenses of Norfolk and Portsmouth.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

