
EASTVILLE, VA., April 27, 1864.

Major- General BUTLER;

SIR: We are all right this morning. Have no trace of guerrillas yet. Have my men out scouting the necks and creeks. Hope we may come up with them. I fear they have gone up the sound on sea side. Have no means of following them there. If you would let me have 30 carbines and slings, 30 sabers and belts, and 80 pistols, with ammunition to suit them, it will be of great service and enable us to take care of these fellows when they come. I would much like to have them by the boat, and will send all proper papers by the mail to- morrow. I hope, sir, you can let me have these arms. Will you please let me know!

Respectfully,

R. E. DUVALL,

Captain, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 27, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,

Norfolk:

GENERAL: Brigadier- General Vegdes, a very fine officer, has been ordered to report to you to be assigned to command of the line of defenses. This was done knowing that most of your time would be occupied in the internal affairs of your district, and that the line would necessarily be commanded by one of your colonels, and as that line is of great importance, the commanding general thought best to send you a good general officer that you could rely upon I would suggest that he make his headquarters at either Portsmouth or at General Heckman's old headquarters. You will find General Vogdes a first- class soldier, and you need not hesitate to intrust him to any extent in military matters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NORFOLK AND PORTSMOUTH,Norfolk, Va., April 27, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff

COLONEL: I perceive that all ordnance stores have been transferred from Norfolk and Portsmouth to Fort Monroe. If possible, I would like to have you send me a good officer for ordnance officer. I think there should be a depot for ordnance stores at Portsmouth.

The Thirty- seventh. S. Colored Troops have been relieved, and I have ordered the Thirty- eighth to occupy the intrenched camps vacated by the Thirty- seventh. Colonel Dimon is making officer declining to muster them on their papers. I should like to be informed in advance of any orders to General Kautz in season to supply the place of the Pennsylvania cavalry on picket and outpost duty with the Twentieth New York. The enemy's pickets have appeared below South Mills, probably from Winton, to ascertain if

