
we are sending re-enforcements by way of the sound. A small scouting party of the enemy, who have a rumor that we have evacuated Norfolk to send troops to James River, appear beyond Suffolk to ascertain the facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 27, 1864.

Major General JOHN J. PECK,

Hdqrs. Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I have read your General Orders, Numbers 70, and I wish to call your attention to this paragraph: "Many of the troops have been in the field since the outbreak of the revolution." What revolution do you mean! The revolution of our ancestors against England! There has been no revolution in the United States since, but there has been and is a rebellion. It is not usual for officers in the United States to style the rebellion a revolution.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 27, 1864.

Commander H. K. DAVENPORT, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Naval Forces District of North Carolina:

SIR: I yesterday made you acquainted with my plans for evacuating Little Washington. Transports were sent there to bring away the forces and stores as quickly as possible. This morning, however, heavy firing has been reported in the direction of Little Washington, and it may be that they are attacked there. If you have a gun- boat that can be spared to go to Washington I will be much obliged to you if you will send her. She could be useful in carrying dispatches there, ad she may be very much needed either for assisting in the defense or in the bringing away of the men and stores. If you will direct Captain Renshaw to let his forces assist in removing the stores and in bringing them here it would materially assist us, as we have but few transports nowhere.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.

WASHINGTON, April 28, 1864- 3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant- General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

General Augur has been stripped of almost everything available to give to General Burnside. When the trains cease to run the guards under General Briggs can be placed in the block- houses, between Bull Run and the Rappahannock. I will also give him the Massachusetts detached artillery as soon as it arrives. No troops are yet available to replace Abbot's artillery in the fortifications. Perhaps some

