
militia or invalids from the West amy arrive in time. If not, we must weaken the other garrisons. There is very little left outside of Burnside's command to use against any movement of Longstreet. The Navy Department says that one iron- clad left New York and one left Philadelphia on the 26th, and should reach Fortress Monroe to- day. The one from Boston touched at New York, and will leave there to- morrow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 28, 1864- 9 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

There are no troops now at Warrenton. Gregg's division of cavalry has been there all winter, but is now on the Warrenton railroad 3 miles from the junction. I propose to move him to- morrow or next day across the Rappahannock. I see no occasion for the permanent occupation of Warrenton, except to keep out Mosby's men. This can be done by scouting parties from the junction. I have telegraphed about Gregg to General Burnside.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major- General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, April 28, 1864- 5.30 p. m.

(Received 5.40 p. m.)

Colonel GEORGE H. SHARPE:

Deserters who come in to- day report Longstreet's advance at Sperryville. Beauregard, with a large force, near Richmond. Ex Governor Wise has taken Beauregard's place at Charleston. Rosser's command, about 1,500 strong, but in bad condition, recruiting horses near Natural Bridge, in Rockbridge County. Imboden at Mount Crawford. Rosser marched from near Weyer's Cave to Chancellorsville, in March, to catch Kilpatrick on his return, then back to his present position, Repeated long marches during the winter have used him up.

JOHN McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 28, 1864- 9 a. m.

Captain FISHER:

No working parties of the enemy visible this a. m. on Clark's Mountain. A small body of men at Raccoon Ford strengthening works at that point.

PAINE.

STONY MOUNTAIN, April 28, 1864- 10 a. m.

General HANCOCK and

Captain FISHER:

The large camp of the enemy on the line of the Orange Court- House and Fredericksburg pike, in a southwesterly direction from this station, appears much thinner than heretofore. No change on the river front and no working parties seen this a. m.

TAYLOR.

