
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 23. Cumberland, Md., April 28, 1864.

I. It is the professional business of rebel agents and spies, as it is the pleasure of rebel sympathizing citizens, within our lines to originate and spread false rumors in regard to the strength of the enemy, his positions and his movements, for the purpose of misleading the military authorities and alarming the loyal portion of the people. To suppress as far as possible this practice, so fruitful of evil, officers and soldiers are directed to refrain from conversing with citizens upon military matters, and to report to the nearest commanding officer or provost- marshal the name of any citizen who pretends to have or give information of the enemy, that he may be arrested, examined, and held accountable for the truth of his reports.

II. In accordance with instructions from the Adjutant- General's Office, so much of General Orders, Numbers 17, current series, from these headquarters, as prescribes that enlisted men who are found to be proper subjects for transfer to the Navy shall be sent to Baltimore, Md., is revoked, and they will be sent hereafter to Philadelphia, Pa.

By order of Major- General Sigel:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

MARTINSBURG, April 28, 1864- 10 p. m.

(Received 9.10 a. m., 29th)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

General Crook will be prepared to move on the 2nd of May. He telegraphs me so. I informed him that he shall move on that day.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major- General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., April 28, 1864- 9 p. m.

(Received 6 a. m., 29th.)

Lieutenant- General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

I will move to- morrow to Bunker Hill, 12 miles south of Martinsburg. No further news received in regard to the enemy, except that Longstreet's forces are supposed to be in Page County. This, however, is only the report of a refugee, who learned it at Winchester on his way from Harrisonburg. There is an excellent road leading rom Madison Court- House by Criglersville and Ragged Mountain to Luaray. This road is not marked on Lloyd's map. I a force on that road to Luray, Page County. He may follow with his corps, and either march to Front Royal or throw his troops from Luray across the Shenandoah. There are two or three fords by which he can pass from Luray into the Shenandoah Valley. I will report again to- morrow. It is difficult to get much positive information, as the cavalry here is in a wretched condition, and can hardly protect my scouting parties.

F. SIGEL,

Major- General.

