
CUMBERLAND, April 28, 1864.

Major- General STHEL, Martinsburg:

Colonel Wynkoop with mounted portion of his command left at 3 p. m.

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

CUMBERLAND, April 28, 1864.

Colonel N. WILKINSON, New Creek:

Captain Jaehne's company, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, at Webster was ordered to report to you. It is reported that a portion refused to obey, claiming their term has expired. You will take steps to enforce the orders.

By command of Major- General Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

APRIL 28, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

SIR: Disloyalty is cropping out so boldly in the counties of Kent, Queen Anne, Caroline, Talbot, Dorchester, Somerset, and Worcester, on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, that I will have to proclaim martial law over them. To enforce the proclamation seven companies of infantry are necessary, one for each county. Without stripping the forts of third garrison, such a force is not available in my department. I am therefore compelled to request at least that many companies be ordered to my command.

It is proper to say that the counties named are now occupied by Maryland cavalry, who were recruited from their population, and have been so long stationed amongst them that they are not now,if they ever were, as will fitted for the duty referred to as strangers will be. Besides that, I am desirous of making such a redisposition of the force now in my department as will enable me to bring all my cavalry, such as it s, into the territory south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. This I cannot do without draining my forts of their defenses or requesting the additional force above stated.

I beg the Secretary of War to understand that I would not make this application if it was not, in my judgment, absolutely essential to enable me to administer to his satisfaction the affairs of this department.

Very respectfully,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major- General, Commanding Middle Department.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 28, 1864- 10.40 a. m.

Major- General POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis:

Lieutenant- General Grant directs that you send all the infantry you can possibly spare to Washington at once.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General, Chief of Staff.

