
CULPEPER, VA., April 28, 1864- 1.30 p. m.

(Received 1.40 p. m.)

Major- General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Has any but the one iron- clad gone to Fort Monroe! General Butler states that but one has reached there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT MONROE, April 28, 1864.

(Received 10.45 a. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Captain Clarke, of my staff, has just returned from North Carolina. Reports North Carolina relieved from rebel troops that have gone to Virginia.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General.

CULPEPER COURT- HOUSE, VA., April 28, 1864.

Major- General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

If no unforeseen accident prevents, I will move from here on Wednesday, the 4th of May. Start your forces on the night of the 4th, so as to be as far up the James River as you can get by daylight the morning of the 5th, and push from that time with all your might for the accomplishment of the object before you. Should anything transpire to delay my movement I will telegraph. Acknowledge the receipt of this by telegraph. Everything possible is now being done to accumulate a force in Washington from the Northern States, ready to re- enforce any weak points. I will instruct General Halleck to send them to you should the enemy fall behind his fortifications in Richmond. You will therefore keep the headquarters at Washington advised of every move of the enemy so ar as you know them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 28, 1864.

Rear- Admiral LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have received your note containing information received from Mr. Davis off Wilmington. Later information brought to me puts Beauregard's advance at Petersburg, on their way to Richmond and Lee's army in Virginia. Captain Clarke, of my staff, has just came up, and reports the rebel troops all leaving North Carolina. Plymouth is evacuated, and Little Washington and New Berne are relieved from all threats of operations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.

64 R R- VOL XXXIII

