HEADQUARTERS NORFOLK AND PORTSMOUTH,Norfolk, Va., April 28, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of yours of the 27th instant. The assignment of General Vogdes relieves me from the necessity I should otherwise have been under of moving my headquarters to the vicinity of the line of defenses, as I had no officer to whom I could at present have committed the charge of that line. General Kautz is now at headquarters formerly occupied by General Heckman. General Vogdes' headquarters will be at or near Portsmouth. He will have the Twentieth New York, Cavalry, eight companies; Thirteenth New York Heavy Artillery, four companies; Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, and one light battery, and such infantry force as shall be determined on after consultation with him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 28, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. Va. and N. C., Fortress Monroe, Va.:

MAJOR: Since my last communication to the general the various movements of troops in this district necessary for the carrying out the plans of the major- general commanding have been pushed as rapidly as possible.

A copy of my instructions to General Harland, commanding at Little Washington, I inclose. General Harland wrote yesterday to me informing me that he is carrying out my instructions as rapidly as he can. The enemy's pickets are in sight of him toward Plymouth. I have sent to Washington all the transportation I can raise. Schooners are towed up for the purpose of bringing away the contrabands. The First North Carolina Regiment is here. They have with them some 300 women and children. I shall make the best use of them I can, but these Carolina regiments are a great drag upon us at such a time as this.

In this connection I will state that it has become a positive necessity to occupy the hospital(general) buildings at Beaufort or Morehead City for these Carolina families. I am sorry to be obliged to take this measure of sheltering them, and the buildings will be vacated as soon as possible. I hope you will make my peace with the medical director for this. Three thousand contrabands will be here from Washington alone. I wish very much that Captain James could be here to provide for them.

I write very hastily, and I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.

