
[Inclosure]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 27, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HARLAND,

Commanding Sub- dist, of the Pamlico, Little Washington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Commander Davenport has complied with my request to send the gun- boat Commodore Barney to assist in the defense of the place if a fight is forced upon you while you are evacuating the place.

This morning firing is reported in the direction of Washington, and, of course, I feel very anxious to know what is going on there. You know perfectly my idea, and all that has been directed is known and approved of by the commanding general of the department. As I informed you in my letter of yesterday, much has to be left to your own good judgment. If we can get your command safely here we will be secure against any attack, I think, and it will not be many days before the pressure is removed from this district. Commander Davenport will probably direct Captain Renshaw to give you all the assistance in every way in his power.

The Barney could bring away a great many guns and stores, and I hope the Valley City will bring everything she possibly can.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 28, 1864.

Commodore H. K. DAVENPORT,

Senior Naval Officer in the Sounds of North Carolina:

a SIR: The movement now in execution at Little Washington is of a very delicate nature, and gun- boats lying in the river give our own troops confidence and intimidate the enemy. Can you not send one of your largest boats to lie off Hill's Point! Please give me your views about the matter. It has occurred to me that a boat like the Tacony or the Sassacus stationed there during this emergency would be of great importance i preventing the enemy from occupying points below the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General EDWARD HARLAND,

Washington, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday I have just received. The Rucker and Collyer have also arrived here, and as soon as they can be unloaded they will be returned to you, with all the other transportation that we can raise. I have also made a request of Captain Davenport to send a large- class gun- boat to lay off Hill's Point, in order that you may be sure of always finding the river below open. Rest assured, general, that I am not unmindful of you, and that everything that we can possibly do to make your delicate under-

