
taking a successful one will be done. I shall try to have a lot of schooners towed up to you for the purpose of receiving the contrabands.

Should you upon the whole consider it better to entirely leave Washington, you are at liberty to abandon it entirely. As I have before stated to you, it is of no strategic importance, and when I first wrote of holding it with a small force it was for the purpose of protecting all loyal citizens and others who might not be able to get away for some weeks.

Fortunately for us at this time we have a good supply of gunboats, large and small, and I anticipate no interference with us on the river. When Colonel Dutton left it was not fully understood that I should send a cavalry force across to- day to ascertain the state of the roads. It would, of course, facilitate matters if the march across the country could be made. The families of the North Carolinians, which I fancy was one of your principal troubles, are fortunately now out of your way.

If you desire that Colonel Dutton remain, keep him by all means for the present, and whenever you consider it the proper time for him to leave yourself, please report to me at this place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 28, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SAVAGE,

Twelfth New York Cavalry

(Through Colonel Amory, comdg. Sub- district of New Berne, N. C.):

commissioned officers and 30 picked men of your regiment for a scout toward Little Washington. Transportation for Fort Anderson will be in readiness at Foster's Wharf.

You will instruct the commandant of the scout to proceed at least half way to Little Washington, with the object in view to discover if possible whether or not the road from here to Little Washington may be possible that your party will meet cavalry scouts from General Harland on a similar mission. You will instruct your officer accordingly. It is not the intention of the commanding general the at this party should engage the enemy any further than may be necessary to accomplish the object of the scout.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,April 28, 1864.

Captain JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

A refugee has this moment come in from Kinston. He left there last night. The ram was to have come down last Monday. Troops

