HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 29, 1864.

Major- General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Deserters report that Longstreet's forces left Charlottesville about ten days ago and marched in the direct line of Fredericksburg or Hanover Junction.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major- General.

[Indorsement.]

I suppose the examination here will establish which direction Longstreet's forces took.

A. S. H.
HDQRS. FIRST PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE CAVALRY,April 29, 1864.

Captain F. L. TREMAIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the scout sent out last night has just returned. The party left Grove Church at 1 a. m.; reached Falmouth before daylight. The advance guard entered the town, while the balance remained some distance back in concealment. They found no enemy in the town and report it almost deserted. The detachment remained until after daylight, when several cavalry camps and an extensive park of wagons could be seen along the heights of the opposite side, and they learned from citizens that two large cavalry camps had been removed yesterday, this cavalry, with a heavy body of infantry which came on the plank road from direction of Orange Court- House, moving down the river from Fredericksburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

MARTINSBURG, April 29, 1864.

[Brigadier General MAX WEBER:]

It will be a very difficult thing to use dismounted cavalry without the proper number of officers, but the line from Harper's Ferry to Martinsburg and beyond will be much safer as soon as we have established our line at Bunker Hill. Good non- commissioned officers should take care of the dismounted officers should take care of the dismounted cavalry guarding the road. Colonel Rodgers will be under your command until he leaves Martinsburg. Colonel Wilkinson, stationed at New Creek, is commanding a brigade under your orders. He has the Sixth Virginia raised to guard the railroad; also the Second Maryland, now at Greenland Gap, 22 miles southwest of New Creek, and the rest of the Twenty- third Illinois Infantry at New Creek. Colonel Harris, of the Tenth Virginia, commanding at Beverly, has to report to Colonel Wilkinson.

F. SIGEL,

Major- General.

