
of the re- enforcements for the West at Cairo. Those that come to the East I think should come to Washington, unless movements of the enemy yet to develop should require them elsewhere. With all our reserves at two or three points you will know what to do with them when they come to be needed in the field.

If the enemy fall back, it is probable General Butler will want all the force the a can be sent to him. I have instructed him, however, to keep you constantly advised of his own movements and those of the enemy so far as he can.

General Burnside will not leave him present position between Bull Run and the Rappahannock until the 5th of May. By that time the troops to occupy the block- hoses, with their rations, should be out. If they cannot be sent from Washington, I will have to require General Burnside to furnish the detail from his corps. When we get once established on the James River there will be no further necessity of occupying the road south of Bull Run. I do not know as it will be necessary togo so far south as that. In this matter, your opportunity of knowing what is required being far superior to mine, I will leave it entirely to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 29, 1864.

Count HENRY MARIVAULT,

Commanding His Imperial Majesty's Ship Tisiphone:

CAPTAIN: The time limited by the convention between the two governments having expired was sufficient reason why His Imperial Majesty's vessel should return from City Point. I had the honor when I saw you before you went up to warn you that your stay could not be prolonged beyond that time, unless by a new order, and I supposed and expected that you would have returned in time to have been here on the 23rd without further notice, but probably from an imperfect understanding of the language in which the conference was carried on you did not comprehend the fact that you wee so expected to return; therefore, when the time expired, I sent you a request to return, and that request was in the course of my duty as an officer of the United States, and relieved you from all responsibility because of complying with it and returning to Fortress Monroe.

At the earliest hour in which you arrived here I forwarded the communications of the representatives of your Government, copies of them, translations of which were furnished me, and so far as I could understand it there was no occasion to forward them earlier.

Trusting that this communication will accomplish all you desire, please accept, captain assurances of my continued respect and personal regard.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.

