HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Culpeper Court- House, Va., April 29, 1864.

[Major General WILLIAM F. SMITH:]

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th, Yorktown, reached me last night. I showed it to Comstock, who entered into the spirit of it, and during the evening had a talk with the general upon the subject, though not mentioning your letter. The general is very fixed in letting Butler have his own way with all minute. He was so firm in the mater that Comstock and I both think he would decline at once if asked direct to send such staff officer. The general thinks General Butler has sufficient number of able generals to render him all necessary laid to execute the details, and he has indicated his starting point and object be point. I would send your letter to Wilson, but I am sure Comstock has more influence than he (Wilson). The general is quite well. You did not speak of Bowen's being with you. He was ordered some time ago. I hope he is not sick again. Burnside is in his position this morning. Comstock came in from Nashville last night. General Sherman is feeing quite well and nearly ready. A Captain Montgomery, assistant adjutant- general of volunteers, wished me to ask for a place on your staff. I promised, but knowing you would not want that kind I have not done so before. No chief engineer yet. Rumor says Halleck is to be the one intended by the President. We have no news. Banks' official reports make out his battle a victory, but it was without doubt a disgraceful defeat the first day. Banks retook three pieces only of artillery. My kind regards to all your staff; also to Madam Smith. I shall expect to meet you in Richmond, if not before.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

O. E. [BABCOCK].

YORKTOWN, April 29, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WHAFFER,

Chief of Staff:

I understood the general that the troops to go to West Point were those that were to land last. If that is the case you must give me more information than I possess before I can make the detail. Is the work to be begun now,or only when the order to move comes! The quartermaster must furnish transportation and lumber. Do you think that particular move will fool any one!

W. F. SMITH,

Major- General.

FORTRESS MONROE, April 29, 1864.

General SMITH,

Yorktown:

I have telegraphed Terry to have e a brigade in readiness to move to- morrow morning with ten days' rations and 60 rounds of ammunition. You will issue such orders as are necessary to effect the object desired at West Point. Transportation is ordered up for the purpose. They had better leave to- morrow by noon.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

