
arriving here. As many as 30,000 barrels have been ordered here from New York. I thought it not improbable that this immense amount of rations was ordered here when more extensive operations were contemplated in North Carolina. If the necessity for these rations no longer exists, is it advisable to be sending such immense quantities here!

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 29, 1864.

Brigadier General E. HARLAND,

Little Washington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that your communication, dated at 3 p. m. yesterday, was received at 8 o'clock a. m. The steamer Louisa Moore has arrived here from New York, loaded with commissary stores, and has been partially unloaded. The general has ordered her to Hill's Point, to bring away whatever you desire to send upon he. Every possible transportation will be sent you. When vessels arrive they will not even be unloaded, but will be sent immediately to you.

The troops sent across the country by you arrived safely this a. m. at 8 o'clock, without loss.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. F. WARD, JR.,

Lieutenant and Aide- de- Camp.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 30, 1864- 10.35 p. m.

Lieutenant- General GRANT,

Culpeper:

A rebel captain, who came within our lines as a deserter, was arrested in Baltimore to- day. General Wallace sends a long statement by him as to the position of the enemy's forces, their condition, &amp;c., the principal points of which will be telegraphed to- night, and the whole statement by mail. I have ordered the prisoner here for examination, and if you wish to see him will forward him to you. How much is true and how much romance you can judge.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 30, 1864- 11 p. m.

Lieutenant- General GRANT:

The rebel officer just arrested in Baltimore, who left Lee's army April 17, at Gordonsville, states that fifteen days' rations were issued that day to the men. The Third Corps (A. P. Hill) was then at Gordonsville; marched the same day to Liberty Mills. General Longstreet's corps marched through Charlottesville for Emersonville, from which turnpike runs to Warrenton Junction. Long-

