
street was between Emersonville and Warrenton Junction. He has two divisions of his own, commanded by McLaws and Jenkins. The last division is Hood's old command. Longstreet was re- enforced on the 15th and 16th instant by a division of Polk's corps (Mississippi); also a brigade from Pickett's division, the whole making 20,000 men. Has no cavalry, only infantry and artillery; of the latter has three battalions of five batteries, four guns each, short of horses; regiments of infantry full; plenty of ammunition; provisions scarce, but regularly supplied; forage scarce. The officer's account of Lee's plan is as follows: Lee's army is to be divided into three columns (A. P. Hill's, Ewell's, and Longstreet's). Longstreet takes the mountain road over Blue Ridge, via Sperryville, either to make a flank movement through the Shenandoah Valley or to reenforce Lee, in case of necessity. A. P. Hill (50,000 strong, says this officer) is to try to force your right from Culpeper, and for that purpose will move by way of New Baltimore, and at Warrenton to make a junction with Ewell's corps which is to be left behind to guard the Rapidan. As soon as Hill gains the rear of our army Ewell is to advance. Strength of Ewell's corps unknown, but it is in three divisions- Johnson, Rodes, and Early, major- generals. All rebel troops withdrawn from East Tennessee, except Breckinridge, who has 25,000 men. At last accounts Breckinridge was at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, Va.; cavalry under John Morgan. Breckinridge is to force his way through Kanawha Valley and down into Ohio. If Lee gets into Pennsylvania Breckinridge is to join him, while Morgan destroyed the railroad east and west. General Lee's general direction is to be westerly, toward Wheeling and Pittsburg. Breckinridge and Morgan expect to move down the Kanawha Valley and to cross the Ohio near Gallipolis. Richmond is left under charge of Beauregard. The rivers have torpedoes. The troops defending Richmond are Pickett's division(15,000 men); Maryland Line, detailed men from hospitals, conscripts, citizens, &amp;c., under General Elzey; a cavalry brigade of four regiments; militia of Governor Smith's call (fifty and fifty- five years of age) for guard duty; foreign legion of forced aliens. Defenses of Richmond strengthened by additional works.

If the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad were cut at New River bridge, 10 miles below Dublin, the supplies of meat for Lee's army would be cut off.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY.

April 30, 1864.

Brigadier- General MEIGS,

Quartermaster- General:

Lieutenant- General Grant wishes put afloat 1,000,000 of provision rations and 200,000 forage rations ready to be sent in to the James, York, or Rappahannock Rivers.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and Chief of Staff.

So much of this memorandum as referred to subsistence furnished to Commissary- General on same date.

ROBERT N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

