HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,April 30, 1864.

Captain FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

All quiet. No visible change in enemy's camps. The usual weekly relief of pickets took place this a. m. Reserve is near Gibson's house, opposite this point.

HOLLAND.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1864- 11 a. m. (Received 11.35 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The efficiency of part of the Second Corps is greatly impaired by the uncertainty attending the position of Brigadier- General Carr. General Carr now commands a division by virtue of the rank given him officially by the Department, but it is well understood that the Senate have refused to confirm him with the date of his appointment, and it is expected he will be junior to General Mott, now commanding a brigade in his division. This is producing disquiet and bad feeling, and I desire, if possible, to have the matter definitely settled one way or the other before the army moves. If you an do anything about it I should be obliged to you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Warrenton Junction, Va., April 30, 1864.

The troops of this command will be prepared at all times to march at short notice with three days' cooked rations in haversacks, three days' rations of hard bread, coffee, sugar, and salt, with one- fourth rations of soap and candles, and ten days' rations of meat, three days of them to be salt, the remaining seven on the hoof.

By command of Major- General Burnside.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

BUNKER HILL, April 30, 1864- noon.

(Received 4.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant- General GRANT:

No news of special importance has been received since yesterday. There is no enemy of considerable force this side of Cedar Creek, and no information of a strong movement of the enemy down the valley. It is reported, but not fully reliable, that Lee's army had begun to move, with seven days' rations, yesterday, and that he has sent his baggage trains to Scottsville, due south of Charlottesville, on James River. I am waiting here for one part of my troops ordered forward

65 R R- VOL XXXIII

