
eral Averell, with 2,000 mounted men, will go through Logan Court- House to the vicinity of Saltville, and if circumstances will not justify his attacking that place, to destroy the railroad from there toward the bridge, so as to prevent re-enforcemeents from Tennessee. Should I be successful in taking the bridge, I shall cross the river and move toward Lynchburg, destroying the road as far as I deem it prudent, then fall back on Lewisburg. The officer who commands on the Lewsiburg line is instructed to watch the enemy's movements well, and if he retreats to advance, occupy Lewisburg, and collect the supplies of the country; on the contrary, if the enemy should advance on him for him to retreat, delaying the enemy all he can by contesting strong points, blockading the roads, &amp;ac. Could you send any scouts to me from where you are, and [inform me] what you are doing, it would benefit me much. I will endeavor to communicate with scouts across the country. May every success attend you.

GEORGE CROOK.

NABY DEPARTMENT, April 30, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of dispatch, Numbers 275, dated the 27th instant, received from Acting Rear- Admiral Lee, in reference to matters about Wilmington and the movements of the rebels in North Carolina.

Very respectfully, &c.,

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

[Inclosure.]

SERIES 2, FLAG- SHIP N. A. BLOCKADING SQUADRON, Numbers 275. Hampton Roads, Va., April 27, 1864.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: Captain Sands, U. S. steamer Fort Jackson, reports, under date of 23rd instant, that on the night of the 22nd instant he sent the Niphon to reconnoiter in the vicinity of Myrtle Sound, and obtain information, if practicable, of the number and disposition of the enemy. A cutter and dingly were dispatched from the Niphon; the latter, in charge of Acting Ensign Borden, was carried across the beach and into the sound, while the cutter, in charge of Acting Ensign Semon, both officers attached to the Nipho, picketed the beach. Acting Ensign Borden crossed the sound without being discovered by the enemy's pickets, and, running up a small creek, landed about 10.15 p. m., conducted by J. H. Pucket, the refugee pilot, who guided the expedition which destroyed the State salt- works on the 21st instant. He proceeded to the house of a Lieutenant E. H. Davis, of the Masonborough Home Guards, who was known to be favorable to our cause. He came off with the party after making arrangements to obtain information from his friends at frequent intervals.

The information obtained from him is substantially as follows; That the present force in Fort Fisher and the batteries adjacent

