
consists of about 1,000 men; the force in and around Wilmington about 2,000, General Beauregard and General Whiting commanding; in addition to which, some 300 conscripts, who had been employed at the salt- works, were sent there after these works were destroyed; that Wilmington could, in him opinion, be taken with little difficulty now, by landing troops at Masonborough and marching across; the distance is short, and the road good and underfended.

The batteries at Wilmington mount but about ten or fifteen guns and they old-fashioned smooth- bores. He does not state their caliber. When the firing at the salt- works on the 21st was heard at Wilmington it was supposed there that an attack on that place was intended, and troops that had been dispatched to Swansbourough and the sounds were recalled. The number of these is not stated, nor the sounds were recalled. The number of these is not stated, nor whether they are included in the estimate given of the troops at Wilmington and vicinity.

I have informed General Butler of this man's statement, and represented to him that the presence of a general so highly esteemed as Beauregard, the sending of troops from Wilmington to Swansborough, the recent attack on Plymouth, and the increase of rebel force in the eastern part of North Carolina seems to indicate the determination to push the campaign with vigor, possibly to attack both Beaufort and New Berne, and that, in view of these facts, an increase of military force at Morehead City and Fort Macon appears requisite. The garrison at the latter place is so weak that, at the commanding officer's request, Commodore Dove sent 60 sailors from the blockaders there in the harbor to assist in manning it. Immediately upon being informed of this by him, however, I directed him to return the men at once to their vessels, as the already small crews could not bear this diminution.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

S. P. LEE,

Actg. Rear- Admiral, Commanding N. A. Blockading Squadron.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 30, 1864.

Lieutenant- General GRANT:

The following, from a letter of General Wessells, at Plymouth, on the 16th, is forwarded for your information:

Longstreet's army is in motion for Richmond. Pemberton and many officers passed up to Richmond last week, and talked freely of the opening campaign. It is Lee's intention to anticipate General Grant's combinations; take initiative.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp Whitaker, April 30, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM F. SMITH,

Commanding, &ac.:

GENERAL: From various sources I get the following information, which is not much, but so far as it goes I think it can be relied on;First. The enemy have undoubtedly a considerable force at White Oak Swamp, which is in supporting distance of the fords, extending from Forge Bridge to the railroad bridge. Refugees and negroes

