
Berne at 4 a. m. ; passed down and up in front of the town without discovering the gun-boats. A thick for shut in everything. At daybreak returned up the river to Batchelder's Creek, as our forces were crossing.

Monday, reconnoitered; only one gun-boat in sight. After dark attacked and captured her. She was moored close in shore in order to rake the approaches on the right of their line. I tried to move her, but failed. Her fires were nearly out, and in attempting to tow her out were subjected to a fire of artillery and infantry. Fired her, bringing off all our boats and men.

The next morning all of our forces were ordered back. The water front of the town I found open and unguarded. As far as I could judge, their force was small, say 4,000 men. I will press forward to completion the gun-boats. I think they can be ready for service in a month or six weeks.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

J. TAYLOR WOOD.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

JANUARY 29, 1864. - Affair near Gloucester Court-House, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 29, 18649. 30 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I forward the following from General Wistar, for your information:

Captured some 3 prisoners, also some horses and arms, near Gloucester Court-House to-day. Hampton's cavalry division, about 8,000 strong, with one battery, occupy Fredericksburg and Falmouth and scouting down to Gloucester.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

JANUARY 29 - FEBRUARY 1, 1864. - Expedition to Isle of Wight County, Va., skirmishers near Benn's Church and at Smithfield, and destruction of the U. S. steamer Smith Briggs.

Report of Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Army, commanding Naval Brigade. *
HEADQUARTERS NAVAL BRIGADE,Norfolk, Va., February 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as the result of an expedition organized under my command for the purpose of capturing a small force of the enemy which was reported to be sta-

---------------

*For reports of Acting Rear-Admiral Lee, Captain Guert Gansevoort, Lieutenant Commander James H. Gillis, and other U. S. naval officers, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

