
estimate this central force at about 15,000 men, with some artillery. I have seen "passes" signed by three different colonels about the same date, dated at "Camp at White Oak Swamp, Va." Of course the number is exaggerated.

Second. The Fifty- third Virginia Infantry is near Brobley's guarding a fishery, which is worked by detailed men from Richmond for the Government. I hear of no artillery there, but they have a cavalry picket pushed down to Barhansville.

Third. The Fifty- seventh Virginia Infantry, with Holcombe's Legion (cavalry) and the Richmond battalion, is at the Bottom's Bridge, where they are repairing their earth- works, and have certainly nine, some positively assert twenty, pieces of artillery.

Fourth. There is some infantry at the railroad bridge, and siege gun mounted on a platform car running on the railroad.

Fifth. There are various conflicting stories of several brigades being between Bottom's Bridge and Richmond, but they probably relate to the large camp at White Oak Camp.

Sixth. A small party with surveyors' instruments was examining Forge Bridge four days sine, which must have been with a view to constructing defensive works, since they ould not wish to bridge the stream at a point which is nearly constantly fordable. Nothing of this indicate an offensive design in this direction. Still, as one day's march might bring all these troops to this point, it must be deemed threatened a little until relieved by movements elsewhere. Although of no great importance, I communicate the above to you as all the positive information I have been able to collect.

Very respectfully,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier- General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, YORKTOWN AND GLOUCESTER POINT,May 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major- general commanding department.

I do not know where Bromley's is, but should think damage might [be] inflicted by destroying fisheries there.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS, YORKTOWN AND GLOUCESTER POINT,Yorktown, Va., April 30, 1864.

General A. H. TERRY:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding directs that you cause one brigade to be ready to move at once, provided with two days' rations, to effect a landing at West Point, Va. They should carry such intrenching tools as may be necessary to construct rifle- pits if needed, and such other tools as will be wanted to rebuild the wharves there. Lumber sufficient to rebuild the wharves will be sent up soon. Captain Babcock, of the Navy, will send two gun- boats to convoy the fleet and cover the landing, and keep whatever gun- boats he can spare afterward to protect the flanks of the forces while in position. It is desired that the commanding officer of the brigade send out

