
scouting parties for the purpose of obtaining information of the movements of the enemy, which will be sent to these headquarters if important. Due notice will be sent you when the transports leave Fort Monroe, so that the brigade may be in readiness to go on board. Should the transportation be sufficient, a battery without caissons will accompany the command.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. SMITH,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 30, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe:

MAJOR: General Harland arrived here this morning from Little Washington, and the balance of the troops, guns, stores, &amp;c., I expect before to- morrow night.

Captain Melancton Smith, of the Navy, has arrived here, and at my suggestion he has directed Commander Renshaw to remain at Washington, to hold the place until he is assured that the enemy is coming with a large force to occupy it. He is also directed to give all the assistance in his power to the persons there who have been collecting naval stores, and to bring them all away.

The forces that were recently at Plymouth, and more recently near Washington, may have left for the purpose of going (via Greenville) either to Virginia or of coming to this place, with General Beauregard to command and with any force they can spare to attack us. I think we can hold out, and if we can divert such a force from Virginia at this time for the purpose, we will be, I conceive, aiding the general operations, and I hope they may come.

Steamers continue to arrive with commissary stores. Three have arrived to- day, and three more reported as to be here in the next twenty- four hours. I inclose a statement* made by a rebel prisoner and a refugee,

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 30, 1864.

Colonel J. M. McCHESNEY,

First N. C. (Union) Vols., Commanding at Little Washington:

COLONEL: General Harland has arrived here, and I learn from what he tells me that everything will be away from Washington before to- morrow. Captain Melandcton Smith, of the Navy, has arrived here and assumed command of the naval forces in all the sounds of North Carolina. He has ordered Captain Renshaw to remain at Washington until everything is gone, and then he is to hod the place, leaving only when he is sure that the place is to be occupied by the enemy.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

