
I hope, colonel, that this may reach you while you are still in the place, and that when you do leave you will leave nothing of value for the enemy if they do come thee. We still think that we may be attacked here. The force that was in front of you a day or two since can easily get here in three or four days; but as extensive movements are going on in Virginia, they may have all been called there; a day or two will tell. Captain Smith will ask Captain Renshaw to try t get the guns out of the island fort; even if they are not [of] much value, it would be better to bring them away. Captain Renshaw will al o be cautioned against firing into or burning the town. I sincerely hope that nothing of this sort will be done, as we may occupy it again very soon. You know our plans here, and I can only leave you to exercise your best judgement. It is needless for me to say to you that if we have any warm work here I shall be most happy to have your assistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS SUB- DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,Off Mouth of Neuse River, N. C., April 30, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

SIR: The ram came out of Roanoke Rive yesterday p. m. The gun- boats fell back to Roanoke Island, where they still remain,so she is at large somewhere in the Albermale Sound. I am trying to ascertain her whereabouts.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. W. WARDROP,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1864- 5.30 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAM McCANDLESS:

The following dispatch, just received from the War Department, is forwarded for publication to your command. Say to the men I expect every man will now return to duty and serve cheerfully till the time to be designated from the Department.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major- General.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 30, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Your recommendation that the regiments o the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps be discharged from their respective dates of muster into the service of the State has been approved by the Secretary of War. A list showing the aforesaid dates of muster will be sent you by mail.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

