
ITINERARY OF THE ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.*

CAVALRY CORPS.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred T. A. Torbert.

During the month the division was occupied in the vicinity of Culpeper Court- House, Va., engaged in picketing from Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan River, to the vicinity of Hazel River, Va.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Brigadier General George A. Custer.

April 1 to 17.- Picketed the Rapidan from Raccoon Ford to Germanna Ford, when we were relieved from Third Division, Cavalry Corps, and assigned to the First Division, Cavalry Corps, when we picketed the railroad from Mitchell's Station to Sperryville pike, near Culpeper, Va.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry.

April 1 to 22.- Picketed from Bethlehem Church to Fox Mountain, 7 miles, Scouted to Castleton Mountain on the right, Sperryville on the front, and Hughes' River on the left.

April 28.- The brigade left camp at 5 a. m. on a reconnaissance; marched to Madison Curt- House, driving off the rebel pickets; held the town for three hours, and returned to camp without loss.

First Brigade, Second Division commanded by Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr.

The brigade was encamped in the vicinity of Warrenton, Va., up to the 21st of the month, when it moved camp to Three- Mile Station, near to Warrenton Junction, where it is engaged in picketing and scouting the surrounding country.

April 29.- Moved camp across the Rappahannock River to Paoli Mills, near to Brandy Station, where the brigade lies at present; nothing further of importance to record.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

SIXTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

In camp near Turkey Run, Va.; broke camp April 29, and marched by way of Kelly's Ford to Paoli Mills. During the month the regiment furnished two details of 100 men each for picket duty at Morrisville.

April 26.- Made scout to Warrenton; no casualties during the month; 1 man accidentally shot.

TENTH NEW YORK CAVALRY.

April 1.- Headquarters of the regiment near 	Warrenton, Va.

April 10.- Nine commissioned officers and 300 man sent on picket near Morrisville, where they remained during most of the mont.

---------------

*As reported on returns of the commands indicated for April, 1864.

---------------

