
April 17.- One man (Henry Jerdon, Company D) killed and 3 badly wounded in a skirmish with guerrillas near Ellis' Ford.

April 21.- S. D. Lawrence, Company D, died of wounds received at Ellis' Ford on the 17th. The regiment has captured 8 prisoners during the month. Distance marched, 100 miles; health and condition of men good.

April 27.- The detachment returned from picket at Morrisville.

April 29.- Regiment broke camp near Warrenton Junction, and marched to near Brandy Station, and went into camp.

FIRST MAINE CAVALRY.

April 1.- The regiment was in winter quarters near Turkey Run.

April 7.- A scouting party of 50 men proceeded to Auburn, and returned without meeting any of the enemy.

April 17.- The brigade was reviewed by the major- general commanding corps, and immediately after the regiment accompanied the brigade on a reconnaissance to Sulphur Springs, and one company crossed the river, proceeding dismounted to Jefferson, returning without encountering any of the enemy.

April 20.- The regiment was inspected by the corps inspector.

April 21.- Moved camp to near Turkey Station.

April 24.- A party of 150 men, commanded by Major Thaxter, went on a sout to Warrenton.

April 27.- One hundred and fifty men, commanded by Lieutenant- Colonel Boothby, went on a scout to Warrenton, capturing 1 prisoner.

April 29.- Moved to Paoli Mills.

EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

April 1 to 6.- Regiment in camp near Warrenton, Va.

April 6.- A scouting party of 25 men, under Captain Alexander McCallum, went toward Auburn, scouting the country thoroughly, but found no trace of the enemy.

April 19.- Regiment reviewed by Major- General Sheridan, regiment then went on scout to Suphur Springs; returned same say.

April 21.- Regiment broke up winter quarters and went into camp.

April 29.- Regiment broke camp near Turkey River, Va., and moved to Kelly's Ford; crossed and marched to Paoli Mills, and encamped there the 30th.

FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

Regiment changed camp from the old site of Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry to a position near Warrenton.

April 29.- The division moved at 9 a. m., the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry supporting the pickets upon third being relieved, and upon reaching the camp of the First Brigade were relieved from acting as rear guard, joining the main column at Germantown; crossed the Rappahannock at Kelly's Ford, and encamped at 9 p. m. at Paoli Mills.

SECOND PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

April 21.- The regiment moved from camp, near Warrenton, to Turkey Run; distance 2 miles; remained here on picket duty until April 29, when it marched to Paoli Mills via Bealeton Station; distance about 20 miles.

