
THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

April 15.- Guerrillas made an attack upon the picket- post of this regiment on the Greenwich road; 1 man of the picket was killed. The guerrillas were driven off and followed as far as Buckland Mills; they made good their escape.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Jams H. Wilson.

The division is doing picket duty from Germanna Ford t Morton's Ford, on the extreme left and front of the army, and across the Neck to Kemper's Dam, on the Rappahannock. A detachment of 200 men is stationed at Grove Church, patrolling toward Falmouth.

SECOND ARMY CORPS.

April 1 to 30.- In camp at Cole's Hill, Culpeper County, Va.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS.

The corps has been engaged during this month in guarding the line of the Orage and Alexandria Railroad, and in picketing the fords of the Rappahannock from Normans Ford to Freeman's Ford. Headquarters of the corps at Culpeper Court- House.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Charles Griffin.

April 1 to 30.- The division remained in camp, near Rappahannock Station, Va., performing the usual camp and picket duties.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Samuel H. Leonard, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

The brigade remained encamped at Mitchell's Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, until April 26, when it changed camp to a point 1 mile to the north. The One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers having re- enlisted, went on furlough on the 10th.

Third Division, commanded by Colonel William McCandless, Second Pennsylvania Reserves.

April 18.- The Second Brigade Pennsylvania Reserves, consisting of the Seventh and Eighth Regiments Pennsylvania Reserves, joined the division.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 107, from headquarters Fifth Army Corps, the brigade was temporarily dissolved. The Seventh Regiment was assigned to the First Brigade, and the Eighth Regiment to the Third Brigade.

April 29.- The division was relieved from duty on the railroad, by troops from Major- General Burnside's command, and marched to Licking Run, near Warrenton Junction, and bivouacked for the night.

April 30.- Marched to this point (near Culpeper, Va.).

