
For a full statement of the capturing of the force under Captain Lee and the gun-boat Smith Briggs you are respectfully referred to Captain Lee's report, which accompanies this. * All the officers and men under my immediate observation acted energetically, and from the reports of the escaped I am satisfied that Captain Lee, Ensign Harris, Lieutenant Harris, of the Jessup, and Sergeant Hyatt deserve the most honorable mention. Captain Rowe, of the Smith Briggs, although severely wounded through the neck, remained at his post, gallantry fighting his vessel until she was entirely disabled. The men fought most heroically, inflicting terrible loss on the enemy.

My obligations are due to Rear-Admiral Lee for the alacrity with which he responded to my application for assistance, and the generous efforts made under his direction to rescue the beleaguered force under Captain Lee; likewise to Lieutenant-Commander Gillis for the essential aid he rendered me in the loan of 50 seaman, and to the officers who commanded them for the cheerfulness with which they obeyed my orders.

A list of the killed and wounded, as far as known, also of the missing, will be forwarded as soon as a reliable report can be obtained.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

JANUARY 30, 1864. - Skirmish at Windsor, N. C.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Congratulatory orders from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Joel R. Griffin, Sixty-second Georgia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Congratulatory orders from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. CAROLINA, Numbers 20. New Berne, N. C., February 23, 1864.

The commanding general announces with satisfaction the success of an expedition sent to Windsor by General H. W. Wessells on the 29th of January, which resulted in breaking up the cantonment of a company of Georgia cavalry. Some prisoners were taken and a large number of dangerous persons secured. Arms, horses, mules, wagons, clothing, and ammunition were captured. Lieutenant-Colonel Tolles was in command. He had detachments of the One hundred and third and One hundred and first Pennsylvania, Eighty-fifth New York, and Fifteenth and Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers. A small party of the Second North Carolina Volunteers co-operated, as well as Lieutenant-Commander Flusser with 50 sailors and marines.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

