
Charleston, and the delay that has necessarily elapsed, I do not think if safe to attempt to bring out supplies from Clarke County. If I had been able to proceed immediately on my arrival here it could have been done, but having loaded ten of the wagons with me with leather, I only had a few left, and had to wait for Major Bell's. There are few supplies to be had, except in Clarke. Prisoners report the arrival of my regiment of Averell's command (Second Virginia) at Martinsburg by the cars. They agree in their reports, and one whom I had an opportunity of cross-questioning undoubtedly belonged to that regiment. They report that the whole of Averell's force is being sent to Martinsburg. If this is true I cannot safely attempt to cut the railroad. If not, and there is no movement from Charlestown, I will attempt it. If General Thomas' brigade could be safely advanced to Winchester the wagons could be all loaded with supplies in Clarke, principally flour, though a little cloth and some leather and meat could be obtained. Without this I consider the risk to trains, which would have to be loaded piecemeal at many different places, too great.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S.- I will send the earliest information, I get from Martinsburg.

[Indorsement.]

STRASBURG, January 2, 1864.

Major-General EARLY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I shall move my command this morning to Middletown. Shall I remain there after the wagons pass? A great many of my men are without shoes, so I hope we will have as little marching as possible.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT JACKSON, January 1, 1864.

General Thomas will move the bridge constructed and pass his brigade over to Middletown, keeping a good lookout and protecting the wagons. If there is a prospect of reloading them let them be unloaded at Woodstock and sent back to Colonel Smith. There is some baggage here for your brigade (one load), which you can send one of your wagons for. I am just starting for Hardly.

J. A. EARLY,

Major-General.

JANUARY 1, 1864.

[Colonel GEORGE H. SMITH:]

COLONEL: Let me know in reference to having the wagons unloaded at Woodstock, as proposed by General Early.

EDWARD L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

