
met. I therefore request an additional number of troops be sent to this department at once. My purpose is to establish them at Goldsborough. From that point they can easily be transported by rail to Kinston or to Wilmington, or would form a nucleus, should the enemy by numbers have pushed us, around which to gather troops from Weldon, Petersburg, and such other points as could best spare them. These troops thus posted at Goldsborough, being on the railroad, could, in case the main and real attack be made upon Charleston or Savannah, be pushed on rapidly to either of these places. Everything goes to induce the belief that the enemy mean something, and that at an early day. Kinston must be held if possible, as it is the key to that whole country. No movement can be made upon Wilmington from New Berne without first clearing us out of Kinston. At the latter place is a gun-boat partially completed; this would have to be sacrificed. There is an abundance of railroad iron, which will answer for the armor of this boat, at and near Kinston. I beg it be completed at once, as it would, when properly armed, prove a most valuable addition to our defenses on the Neuse.

Hoping, general, these suggestions may meet with the approval of the Department.

I remain, sir, with much respect, your, obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 8, 1864.

Order Clingman's brigade to or within reach of General Whiting at Wilmington, and Kemper's brigade to Petersburg, and order General Picket and General Whiting to co-operate.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Kinston, January 5, 1864.

Major C. PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Petersburg:

MAJOR: I have received reports from scout below. Letter dated yesterday says that he has reliable information that General Butler has instructed General Peck to organize his whole available force and push forward to Goldsborough by way of Kinston; to hold Goldsborough at all hazards; that additional force will be sent him. He had intelligence from Morehead City on the 2nd instant. No re-enforcements had arrived at either place, though a force was expected at the latter. Another letter from New Berne, dated 2nd instant, gives similar information, with the addition that re-enforcements were being received at New Berne. It is highly improbable that Butler's instructions to Peck should be k own to the public or to any one likely to impart them to my scout; but should there be evidence that Wilmington is to be attacked, the course laid down for Peck is the one he would necessarily follow. Any attacking column of sufficient size to imperil Wilmington must take a route which would necessitate the possession by the enemy of this point and the destruction or disabling of the railroad. Without knowing whether such an attack is contemplated, I think proper to advise you of this

