
rumor, the value of which you are more able to appreciate. You are aware of the aversion I felt to dividing my small brigade by the detachment of a regiment to Greenville; events have shown that a force there was necessary, and is so yet. I should seriously feel the absence of this regiment should any occasion for the troops here arise, and would be glad of any arrangements which could return it to the brigade.

General Ransom has therefore garrisoned that place. If he could spare a regiment for that purpose I think much would be gained thereby. A force would be necessary there should a movement be made against this point, for I suppose there would be a corresponding movement from Plymonth and Washington to divert and prevent re-enforcement, even were there not a serious one in flank made. I will endeavor to post you promptly of any indications of speedy movement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, January 6, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I telegraphed yesterday my great need of another brigade of infantry, and at least two batteries of artillery. I have no troops at all to operate on the south side of the river. The positions of Lockwood's Folly and Shallotte should be constantly watched and occupied. I do not exaggerate, the importance of this. A surprise, even a landing at either of these points, must result in great disaster. Martin's brigade is not enough to guard the approaches to the eastward, equally exposed. I inclose a copy of a letter to the Secretary of War of September 21 [August 31], 1863, on this same matter. I beg you will read it and consider my request. The attention of the enemy has been directed to the Shallotte and Lockwood's Folly; they are sounding out the approaches. Any landing at either point seriously threatens, Smithville, on which depends the security of the whole system of defense for the harbor. I have no troops to protect it. Manifestly the garrisons of the forts cannot leave their positions to oppose an advance, even if they were adequate in numbers, which is not the case. Nearly all the armies appear to be in winter quarters. Is it not practicable to let me have troops which, otherwise inactive, might winter here and do great service by the security they would give to this place, on which depends our supplies and our credit? My force is altogether too small; the exposed points are numerous and vital; my means of transportation are very limited, and I warn the Department of the danger of leaving so much to chance and to the inactivity of the enemy. My need is very great, especially of infantry and light artillery. It should also be recollected that while I have very greatly added to the works here and strengthened them, nearly doubting the number of guns, not a man has been added to the garrisons.

Please not to postpone the consideration of this subject.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

