
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Joel R. Griffin, Sixty-second Georgia Cavalry.

JACKSON, January 31, 1864.

(Received at Richmond, February 1.)

Yesterday morning with force of 200 men and mountain rifled piece, after fight of two hours with 1,200 of enemy and three pieces artillery, [Yankees] were driven from Windsor, N. C., to their boats. * We lost 6 men; enemy not known.

J. R. GRIFFIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

JANUARY 30, 1864. - Scout from Culpeper to Madison Court-House, Va.

Report of Colonel George H. Chapman, Third Indiana Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Near Culpeper Court-House, Va., January 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of reconnaissance made by myself yesterday with a force of 200 men, consisting of 100 from the Third Indiana Cavalry, under Major Patton, and 100 of the Eighth New York Cavalry, under Captain Moore, acting major:

Leaving the school-house on the Waylandsburg road, about 2 a. m., I proceeded to Clark's Ford on the Rapidan River, and finding the road obstructed in the vicinity of the ford with felled timber, a crossing was effected below with some difficulty and delay. The enemy had a small picket post at this point, but they had evidently heard our approach over the rocky road, and succeeded in making their escape. Having got my command across I pushed on rapidly toward Madison Court-House. At Mount Zion church my advance came upon the enemy in some force, and a number of shots were exchanged, but before I could so dispose of my main force as to cut off their escape they retreated in the direction of Madison Mills. The morning was cloudy and so dark that nothing could be seen save the Flashes of the fire-arms. I afterward learned that the main reserve of the picket-line was stationed at this church, consisting of from three to four companies. Without unnecessary delay I proceeded to the point where the road from Hume';s Ford joins the road I was pursuing, and sent party to the ford, which delayed me an hour or more. In this neighborhood 5 of the enemy's pickets were captured and 5 horses, and 1 man and 1 horse killed. From this point to Madison Court-House nothing was seen of the enemy except a few scattered men, most of whom effected their escape. At Madison Court-House no troops were found, and after halting there an hour to rest my horses and examine the town, I proceeded up the turnpike, intending to go to Mount Carmel Church. My guide

---------------

*For report of Lieutenant Commander C. W. Flusser, U. S. Navy, commenting upon Griffin's report, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

