
[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 7, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War. Important and immediately.

The two light batteries have been ordered to General Whiting from Petersburg.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 7, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Forward these papers or copies to General Lee. Unless he can spare, during the pause in active operations caused by the winter, the additional force required, I really do not see whence it can be commanded. The forces at Petersburg and along the line hardly suffice now to guard, and could illy spare any abstraction. I feel seriously apprehensive lest an attack during the winter be made on Wilmington, and its importance to us can hardly be overestimated.

J. A. S.

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Lee, in accordance with the above. I have to-day telegraphed General Pickett to send Clingman's North Carolina brigade, at Petersburg, to General Whiting, with two batteries of Branch's Light Artillery, and have sent directions to General Elzey to order Kemper's brigade from Hanover Junction to replace Clingman at Petersburg. This is all we can do at present with respect to the force around Richmond.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fourt indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS, January 12, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War.

I am unable to judge at this distance of the danger threatening Wilmington. I cannot see that the enemy is collecting any force against it, and when he does he must withdraw it from some other point, whence our forces must also move to meet it. This is the only way that I know of resisting an attack upon it. If the defenses of Wilmington require "the constant presence of an army,' I do not see where it is to come from. I see no danger in using the garrison of the forts to resist a landing or approach at other points to gain time for concentration of troops. I think Martin's brigade and two light batteries sufficient to watch the threatened point. The custom of the enemy when he wishes to attack one point is to threaten a distant one; the troops are rushed to the threatened point and the real point is exposed. I could at this send some troops from here, but when should I get them back? Then it would be

