
necessary labor, and it is its duty as well as interest to do so. I have though the subject of sufficient importance to bring it to your attention.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, January 8, 1864.

General J. A. EARLY:

Dispatch of to-day received. I wish you to secure all provisions and stores for army you can. After that is done troops can return to former camps by easy marches, or be made comfortable where they are during this cold weather. Valley companies can go home for ten days and recruit; not to go in lower valley. I would suggest as the best route by Mount Crawford, through Brown's Gap. Rosser's brigade will encamp near Port Republic.

R. E. LEE,

General.

JANUARY 8, 1864.

Mr. Frank Manzy, from Baltimore yesterday, reports 3,000 men from Meade's army sent to re-enforce Kelley at New Creek; 5,000 or 6,000 men from same army sent home on furlough to Massachusetts to reorganize, and Meade cannot move. Butler at Washington and is organizing a large cavalry force to move from Yorktown on Richmond by the way of the Peninsula. A large quantity of commissary stores and forage already landed there, and probably three brigades of negroes at Canton, Md., under Birney, will re-enforce this expedition, 200 operatives from Meade' s army sent to Nashville to repair railroad from Bridgeport to Chattanooga, and 200 more soon to be sent; 1,400 men sent from Baltimore to Sandusky, Ohio, to prevent rescue or escape of Confederate prisoners.*

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, January 9, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Va., Orange Court-House:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Longstreet has asked to be relieved from his present command and corps. Would you advise his exchange with Lieutenant-General Ewell? Please answer for information of the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., January 9, 1864.

Major-General PICKETT, Petersburg, Va.:

Send Kemper's brigade to re-enforce General Whiting, instead of Clingman's, which was directed yesterday.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

* Without address or signature.

---------------

