
lost the road, however, and we crossed the Robertson at the covered bridge, and after traveling a number of miles over plantation roads, and failing to find the church, I returned to camp by the way of Bethel Church and White's Shop, having marched fully 50 miles.
One regiment, the Sixth Virginia Cavalry, of Lomax's brigade, variously stated at from 200 to 400 strong, were doing the picket work along the Robertson. The brigade, I was informed, has encamped near Madison Mills, and it is stated by citizens there is no other cavalry in that immediate vicinity. No troops are encamped between the Robertson and Rapidan Rivers.

I brought in 12 prisoners and 11 horses, and killed 1 man in a little skirmish with one of the enemy's picket details. Also sent into the lines the family of the guide as refugees from rebeldom. My loss was nothing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.]

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 31, 1864. - Reconnaissance to Madison Court-House and Mount Carmel Church, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army.

CULPEPER, February 1, 1864.

The reconnaissance sent out yesterday morning went to Madison Court-House and Mount Carmel Church, out near Criglersville. Lomax's cavalry brigade is reported to be at Madison Mills. No other troops in that vicinity. Twenty-two prisoners were made and 1 rebel killed in a skirmish with pickets. Sixteen horses and 1 mule and a sutler's wagon were taken. The parties sent out met with no loss. The family of Robinson, whom the general commanding sent to me for help some time since, was also brought away. There is no large force of the enemy on our right front and flank.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. R. SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

FEBRUARY 2, 1864. - Skirmish near Strasburg, Va.

Report of Colonel Robert S. Rodgers, Second Eastern Shore Maryland Infantry.

MARTINSBURG, VA.,

February 5, 1864.

The party detached by Major Bell passed through Winchester, but were attacked near Strasburg and driven back, losing 7 men. The enemy reported to be 100 on Fisher's Hill and 200 at Woodstock. Have heard nothing from Major Bell.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

