
sustain the ponderous burdens which bear heavily and cruelly upon the heart and soul of man. Men are actuated by selfish motives, and those who were first to volunteer in the beginning are now the most eager in the search for a "soft place." This is melancholy, but it is nevertheless true, and it can only be, in my opinion, remedied by placing all men on the same footing who are of the same rank. If it is necessary for troops to operate within the lines of the enemy, then require the commanding officer to keep them in an organized condition, to rendezvous within our lines, and move upon the enemy when opportunity is offered.

Major Mosby is of inestimable service to the Yankee army in keeping their men from straggling. He is a gallant officer, and is one that I have great respect for; yet the interest I feel in my own command and the good of the service coerces me to bring this matter before you, in order that this partisan system, which I think is a bad one, may be corrected. Major-General Early can give useful information concerning the evils of these organizations. If he cannot, Major General Fitz Lee certainly can, from his experience with them in the valley within the last few weeks.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,January 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Major Mosby's command is the only efficient band of rangers I know of, and he usually operates with only one-fourth of his nominal strength. Such organizations, as a rule, are detrimental to the best interests of the army at large.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the War Department.

As far as my knowledge and experience extends, there is much truth in the statement of General Rosser. I recommend that the law authorizing these partisan corps be abolished. The evils resulting from their organization more than counterbalance the good they accomplish.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Third indorsement.]

JANUARY 30, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Honorable Mr. Miles, chairman of Military Committee.

Please examine and return the papers to the Department.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

