
[Fourt indorsement.]

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

February 14, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the honorable Assistant Secretary of War.

The House has just passed the bill abolishing partisan rangers, as drafted by Mr. Seddon, at my request.

WM. PORCHER MILES.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., January 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state that, in accordance with our understanding in a conversation a few days since, I have ordered three companies of Wheeler's battalion from Kinston to Garysburg; at that point there are already two companies unattached Virginia troops. These five companies, together with two companies from the Seventh Confederate Cavalry (which has twelve companies) and a light battery (Graham's), not attached, will give eight companies for the new regiment which I propose.* Colonel Hinton, commanding the Northeastern State forces, and Colonel Griffin, of the Sixty-second Georgia, in command at Franklin, both assured me that there were two companies of State troops under Lieutenant-Colonel Wynn (mounted) [who] would gladly be assigned and incorporated in this command. This force of mounted men will within a week's time be assembled at Franklin. I shall assign them to the command of Major Dearing, and ask that he may be ordered to take command of these troops, with the temporary rank of colonel. He is a young officer of daring and coolness combined, the very man for the service upon which he is going, a good disciplinarian, and at the saying too much in his absence in assuring you that Lieutenant-General Longstreet would strongly indorse his claims to promotion had he the opportunity.

One of the principal purposes in concentrating a command at the point above named under an efficient and trustworthy officer is that I have in contemplation an expedition to the counties of Gates, Pasquotank, and Perquimans, for the purpose of bringing out the bacon and provisions so very necessary for us at this present time. If the enemy do not make an offensive movement in North Carolina before I have had time to accomplish this I will advance a force toward Suffolk, so as to attack attention and collect a wagon train at Franklin to accompany the expedition. They can also, if successful, bring out conscripts. I hope this plan will meet with your approbation. I shall conduct it with as much secrecy as possible. In the mean time, should the enemy make a movement on us either at Kinston or the railroad, I can order this cavalry to the point most needed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Ransom to Pickett, December 30, 1863, Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 895.

---------------

