
[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 13, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Let the arrangement proposed by General Pickett be authorized, and Major Dearing be assigned, with temporary rank of colonel, to the command. It would be better, and General Pickett is advised, if it be practicable, to substitute two unassigned North Carolina companies, if to be found, instead of the two Virginia companies.

J. A. S.

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, January 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General Richmond:

GENERAL: The Department is probably not aware that while the defensive works for this place have been very greatly increased and strengthened the garrison remains the same as when General French was in command. The manner in which the enemy operates and the vast resources at his command have directed his attention to points heretofore either considered as secure from natural causes or as not of sufficient importance either to the attack or defense. The experience of Charleston shows that no reliance can be placed on natural obstacles to the enemy's progress. I have therefore for several months been engaged in fortifying the important position of Smith's Island, lying between the two entraces of the Cape Fear. The object is to prevent the enemy, who might by a coup de main, landing at a smooth time, take possession of the points opposite Caswell and Fort Fisher, and thus securing a chance for boats at night, get in guns and stores with which to close the harbor virtually for all our purposes. A glance at the map will show the effect of the possession of the island by the enemy. I send you also a sketch, which will serve to explain the position and its features.

Your attention has previously been called to the danger of leaving Lockwood's Folly and Shallotte to the westward exposed from want of force to be taken as a base. The occupation of Smith's Island is an additional and most urgent reason for an increase of the permanent garrison here. And it is to ask for such an increase that I now write. I want only to be reasonably secure against the fatal consequences of the enemy's occupying positions which must result in the closing of the harbor, unless he can be checked in time. It is true that the occupation of Morris Island has not yet taken Charleston, and probably will not, but it has closed that harbor to us. In our present condition this is want I want to prevent here, and I want to leave nothing to chance. Let me have a brigade here to defend the west of the river and hold this island. The troops I now have are indispensable on the equally important lines of the east and for the support of Fort Fisher. I have not early enough for all. If a brigade cannot be detached from any for this purpose permanently, let one be sent here temporarily for the winter, and in the mean time let a force be in process of organization from reduced regiments, detached regiments, and artillery companies, and it and the new levies to be sent here as fast as organized, and put under the command of the excellent officers at the different forts. Only left every-

