HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 13, 1864.

Colonel J. S. PRESTON,

Superintendent Bureau of Conscription, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I consider it very important to use every exertion to strengthen the armies in the field at once by the regular operation of the conscript law, and by collecting all made liable to military duty by the repeal of the substitute law.

Very few conscript are being received in this army at present. I fear that the privilege of volunteering is abused. In the State of South Carolina, I am informed that a single company, called the Rutledge Cavalry, was increased by volunteering beyond its complement until it was divided into two and afterward four companies. The regiments from that State in this army are much reduced, and I think that all men who have gone into organizations forbidden by law and orders, and all who are in excess of the complement of old companies, should be sent to the armies in the held. In the State of North Carolina a similar state of things is said to exist, men volunteering in the heavy batteries at Wilmington and in cavalry companies upon the coast. Upon the vigilant and strict execution of the conscript law depends in a great measure the issue of the coming campaign, and no effort should be spared to bring out the recruits at once, that they may be prepared by the opening of the spring. If you desire, I can send you at present some officers from this army, to aid the enrolling officers in the different States either to collect generally or those intended particularly for this army, which needs them very much.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 13, 1864.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General, Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 10th instant has been received. I am unable to coincide in your view of the law. It is plan to my mind that Congress intended that the power of impressment given to commanders of armies in the field should depend upon emergencies in fact growing out of their situation, and not difficulties created by laws or orders of the Department. It was never intended as a permanent or continuous means of procuring supplies. Such a construction would do away with the general Commissary Department, except so far as it might be occupied in collecting reserves, I think that department was organized for the general supply of the Army, and not merely to make up such deficiencies as the Army itself by the exertions of its officers could not meet. It is true the staff officers of an army in the field may buy, or in cases of exigency impress under the law, but their regular source of supply is the general Commissary Department. A different construction would make it necessary for every army to take care of itself. There would be no uniformity of prices, officers would be brought in competition with each other, and injury to the people and to the armies themselves would necessarily ensue. It certainly has not been the view hitherto taken of the

