
travel is sufficient to prevent any improvement in the horses, if not to break them down. I would respectfully recommend that my pickets may be relieve by infantry as low down the river as Elly's Ford. A small force of infantry can guard the upper fords effectually, and the relief of my pickets would not only tend greatly to the improvement in the condition of my horses, but would leave at my disposal a much longer force, to meet any incursion of the enemy.

I beg to refer to the report of General Gordon on this subject, and I am very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 18, 1864.

Respectfully, forwarded, approved.

Infantry can be much more easily provided for than cavalry, and can, at the lower fords, draw their supplies from Hamilton's Crossing, which will be no greater distance than the extreme right of our present infantry line from Orange Court-House.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, January 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

I very much regret that the picket duty comes so heavy on the cavalry, and I wish I could relieve them. Small infantry pickets, as proposed, could be easily cut off. Nothing less than two brigades would be safe such a distance from support. The only relief I can suggest is to use vedettes on the river, with the reserve camp at Chancellorsville, or other more convenient points to which forage could be transported.

R. E. LEE,General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Hanover Junction, January 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I respectfully request that a special order be issued constituting the battalion of Maryland cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel R. Brown commanding, under the name of First Maryland Cavalry; the battalion of Maryland infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Herbert commanding, under the name of Second Maryland Infantry, and battery of artillery, Captain W. H. Griffin, commanding, under the name of Second Maryland Artillery, with such other companies, battalions, and regiments as may be hereafter raised or assigned to it, "The Maryland Line," under my command, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 8, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, 1862, and Special Orders, Numbers 269, paragraph XVI, headquarters Army of Northern Virginia.

I desire this for the purpose of fixing the names of the battalions and companies of this command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

69 R R-VOL XXXIII

