
FEBRUARY 3, 1864. - Capture of the steamer Levi, Kanawha River, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2. - Captain C. Regnier, commanding steamer Levi.

Numbers 3. - Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia.

Numbers 4. - Major James H. Nounnan, Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 3, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

The following telegram, advising me of capture of General Scammon and the burning of the steamer Levi just received. Presume it was done by Ferguson's guerrillas. Mulligan's and Sullivan's forces have formed a junction, and are pursuing the enemy vigorously. Sullivan's cavalry had a brisk a skirmish last night near Romney; captured several prisoners:

GALLIPOLIS, OHIO, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Brigadier-General Scammon left Point Pleasant last night on steamer Levi for Charleston. The boat was captured by the rebels at Red House. They burned her, and have taken General Scammon, 1 lieutenant of his staff, and Captain Pinckard off prisoners. The boat's crew and passengers are released.

G. J. STEALEY,

Captain, Quartermaster.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 4, 1864.

(Received 6. 10 p. m.)

The following telegrams from General Duffie are transmitted for the information of the General-in-Chief:

CHARLESTON, February 3.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Dispatch received at 4 p. m. from Gallipolis informs me that General Scammon, with Lieutenant Millward, his aide, and 4 privates, were captured at Red House early this morning. The steamer Levi was burned. The boat was captured by 200 rebel cavalry. No resistance was made by the boat. My cavalry is after them.

CHARLESTON, February 3.

General KELLEY:

The Levi was captured this morning at 5 o'clock at the Red House Landing, when all were sleeping on board. To-night I send, under Colonel Hayes, 100 men and two mountain howitzers, on steamer Victress, to proceed as far as possible on the river, as I do not think they have yet recrossed the Guayndotte River. If they have not I will certainly recapture General Scammon. If I do not succeed by this

