
to carry out your views in reference to the proper, distribution of conscripts. Some change in the law many be necessary, but whatever can be accomplished by regulation will be done at once.

His Excellency will be glad to have your opinion fully upon the subject of the reorganization of the troops in Western Virginia, and your assistance in selecting a commander for them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[JANUARY 16, 1864.-For Lee to Longstreet, see Vol. XXXII,

Part II, p. 566.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., January 16, 1864.

General G. E. PICKETT,

Petersburg, Va.:

Send Kemper's brigade to Wilmington, or such other point as General Whiting may indicate.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENNESSEE,Dublin, January 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: On the 6th of September last, under instructions from the War Department, I assumed command of that portion of South-western Virginia embraced in the Department of East Tennessee and all the forces east of Knoxville belonging to that department, and continued to exercise command in that department until, in the course of military operations, Lieutenant-General Longstreet came with his command east of Knoxville. Whilst I was exercising that command the former commander of the department, Major-General Buckner, ordered a number of the officers of the Department of East Tennessee to report to me, among them the military court, medical director, and inspector-general of cavalry of his department. They did so, and have been, and are now, acting under my orders. The Secretary of War has informed me that Lieutenant-General Longstreet having come within the Department of East Tennessee, as a matter of course, commands that department by virtue of his superior rank. But no order having been issued relieving me from the command, all the departmental business is still referred to me. If Lieutenant-General Longstreet is in command of the Department of East Tennessee, I respectfully ask that it may be so announced in orders, and that all officers of that department who have reported to me be ordered to report to Lieutenant-General Longstreet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

