HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, January 17, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Orange Court-House:

I was not here when your letter of the 5th instant arrived or I should have answered it sooner.

Some time between the 23rd and 29th of December last I ordered my chief commissary to turn over to Major Cloyd, chief purchasing agent for this district, 1,500 beef-cattle to be sent to your army. On the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant 400 beeves were ordered to be turned over for the use of your army. Day before yesterday I ordered the product of 700 beeves, salted, to be forwarded to your commissary. There will be some delay in forwarding the salted beef, because of the want of barrels in which to pack it. It shall be forwarded with as little delay as possible. I have been obliged to resort to somewhat arbitrary acts to accumulate supplies for my own command, and which I am now forwarding to you. How I am to replace is more than I know at present. I have given every facility in my power to Major Eggleston to enable him to forward beef-cattle to you, detailing from my own command, when I could not well spare them, the men he called for to drive the cattle.

There is but little cattle in this part of the country to be procured. The chief purchasing agent in this district, Major Cloyd, is a practical grazier of large experience and great energy, who, I am sure, will procure all the subsistence that can be procured in the district. I have sent a regiment of cavalry within the enemy's lines to harass them, and, if practicable, bring out beef-cattle. When last heard from it was at Wayne Court-House, but the weather has been and is now so unfavorable that I am afraid it will not accomplish much.

The railroad bridge over the Holston at Zollicoffer is completed, and I am in daily expectation of hearing that the bridge over the Watauga at Carter's Depot is completed. When that is done railroad communication will, as I understand, be opened with Lieutenant-General Longstreet. I do not know what supplies you can procure from that section of country. I believe if the purchasing agents are active and energetic and honest they can procure more than supplies enough for Lieutenant-General Longstreet's command. I suspect, however, that no more than enough for his command will be secured.

I will inform you as soon as railroad communication with Longstreet is opened.

With great respects, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, January 17, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: You are aware of the circumstances under which, early in September last, I carried a portion of the troops of my department into East Tennessee. It was to meet a pressing emergency, caused by the withdrawal of Major-General Bucker's command from that

