
manage the matter so as to prevent hardship and get as much as can be expected by that system. I think that we could be more expeditiously and certainly supplied by exchange, however. Whatever is to be done must be done without delay, as it is indispensable to the efficiency of the army in the approaching campaign. The leather will be placed in charge of active and vigilant officers in the brigade, who will see that none is wasted and that all is applied to the use of the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, January 19, 1864.

General G. W. C. LEE,

Executive Department:

Corse's brigade had better be sent to Weldon, or some point on railroad to Wilmington.

R. E. LEE,

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 20, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Order General Longstreet to send Corse's brigade to Petersburg, replacing it, if necessary for his safety communication, by some other forces of his command. Order in cipher.

J. A. S.

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 19, 1864.

General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I design sending General Hoke to North Carolina on special service with his brigade, and as it is much reduced I wish to increase it by the temporary addition of the Twenty-first Georgia. Dole's brigade, and the Forty-third North Carolina Regiment, Daniels's brigade. I select the Twenty-first Georgia in preference to a North Carolina regiment because it has been under General Hoke and has operated with the Forty-third North Carolina Regiment. But if General Hoke prefers to take a North Carolina regiment you can order it. I desire General Hoke to procured on the 21st to Petersburg, and his brigade will be placed under the senior officer with orders to report to General Pickett at that place. Similar orders will be given to the commanders of the regiments named.

I wish you to have them prepared with what is requisite for the field and be marched to Gordonsville, where they will take the trains to Richmond. They must take with them their cooking utensils and such tents as may be necessary. Their transportation will accompany them no farther than Gordonsville. I understand provisions are issued to the troops to include the 21st. If flour is in the hands of the men they had better cook it; if not, they can draw hard bread from the division commissary. I have directed that two days's hard bread and meat be issued to the men at Goldonsville. Hoke's bri-

