
my admiration for the good conduct of my whole command, from the manner in which they withstood the hardships of this expedition of nearly 100 miles.

I arrived at Warrenton at 2. 30 p. m., January 4, bringing with me 17 prisoners, 1 of whom was a commissioned officer; also one recaptured Government wagon and team, together with a number of horses. We destroyed one tannery and one distillery.

The First Brigade, First Division, did not arrive here until thirty-five hours after we had left.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Second Division Cavalry,

Captain C. C. SUYDAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

JANUARY 3, 1864. - Reconnaissance from Charlestown, W. Va., to Winchester, Va., and skirmish.

Report of Colonel William H. Boyd, Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Charlestown, Va., January 4, 1864

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report, in obedience to orders from division headquarters of 3rd January, 1864, to proceed to Winchester to develop the force of the enemy, that I left Charlestown and went to Winchester, by way of Berryville. All the way going there we were told a large force were in Winchester. Upon nearing the town I divided my force, about 300 men, so as to cover all approaches or exits, except on the west side, and then dashed in simultaneously. A perfect skedaddle took place; a great many rebels took to the houses and were lost. We captured 6 and killed 1, and mortally wounded a Captain Armstrong. From citizens and prisoners I learned that Imboden's camp had been on the outskirts of the town, on Cedar Creek road, and had about 800 men, but a telegram was received about 11 a. m., ordering him to fall back as Meade's force was supposed to be crossing near Front Royal. Imboden began falling back between 1 and 2 p. m., and was in Newtown at 6 p. m., to which place I drove his pickets and finally his rear guard. It growing dark, I prudently retired to Charlestown arriving in camp at 3 a. m., having traveled over 60 miles in seventeen hours.

The following items of information were gleaned, viz: That Fitzhugh Lee's and Rosser's cavalry had avoided Winchester and gone toward Moorefield, W. Va., and to Paw Paw tunnel, for the purpose of destroying it. Lee had Walker's (old Stonewall) brigade of infantry with him, in all about 3,000, two or three pieces of artillery and some wagons. Early's division never came any lower down the valley than Middletown and were there last night when I left Newtown. He has a large wagon train, artillery, and about 5,000 infantry. A report was prevalent and seemed to be well-founded that Fitzhugh Lee's forces were expected in Winchester at any moment, and this gained some credit with me, from the fact that numerous signals were exhibited - rockets and firing of guns (small). This impressed upon me the importance of retiring to a place of safety; hence my retreat,

