
way my cavalry will recapture him if my orders are fully carried out. The officer at Hurricane bridge, who has allowed the enemy to cross the Hurricane Creek, is placed in arrest. I shall again call your attention to my request that a gun-boat should be sent here to protect the river.

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain C. Regnier, commanding steamer Levi.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Charleston, W. Va., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward by Colonel Jones the report of the captain of the Levi, who was captured by the rebels on the 3rd of this month. All my cavalry returned to their quarters without success, after having pursued the enemy for five days.

I would respectfully ask that the boats be placed under my control, in order to regulate the hour of their departure, and avoid by this means all kinds of disaster.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. N. DUFFIE,

General.

[Inclosure.]

On Monday evening, February 1, 1864, I left Gallipolis, Ohio, for Point Pleasant, Va., there to load with lumber, and to proceed up Kanawha River Tuesday morning. After loading with lumber I was ordered back to Gallipolis that Monday night to await orders. I lay at Gallipolis until Tuesday evening, about 5 o'clock; was then ordered to Point Pleasant, Va., there to meet the general [E. P. Scammon.] He came on board about dusk. soon after coming on board the general asked me if I could run up that night. I told the general it was too dark and stormy a night to run farther than Red House Shoals, there being a dug chute there, and could not run that without it being light enough to see the walls. I insisted upon not leaving that night, as I remarked to him before leaving we could not run the dug chute unless it was light enough to see. The general thought we could make time by leaving that night. I told him we could leave at 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning, and make as good time as we could be leaving that night. Captain G. J. Stealey, assistant quartermaster, also did not wish him to start that night, and tried to persuade him otherwise. The general though best to go, and so ordered. I left the mouth of the river about 7 p. m. ; run to Red House Shoals and tied up at five minutes past 1 o'clock. After seeing the boat tied up I gave instructions to the watchman on the boat to have the pilot called at 2. 30 o'clock. After giving those instructions to watchman of boat, I went back in the cabin to retire; had some moments' conversation with the general. He asked what time I thought of starting from there. I told him just as soon as the pilot could see; if moon would rise and not cloudy we would leave

