
gade will take the cars at Gordonsville Thursday, 21st, at 7 p. m.; the Twenty-first Georgia and Forty-third North Carolina Wednesday, 20th instant, at 7 p. m. To save time I will send the order direct to General Rodes for the two later regiments. Please give the necessary orders, and direct General Hoke to call on me on his way for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,January 19, 1864.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Hampton's Division:

GENERAL: I desire you to make inquiry whether it will be advisable to send the Fifth North Carolina Cavalry to the same section of country the Fourth Regiment has been ordered, to recuperate during the winter and return to this army by the 1st of April.

I have consulted with the commanding general in reference to the other brigade, submitting your letter, and he is unwilling to spare so much cavalry from the army. The regiments of this brigade cannot, therefore, be sent south to recruit, but the commanding general agrees to the plan of keeping one brigade more in advance than the other, and the moving of one brigade east of the railroad down toward Essex. This arrangement I suppose you have already made. I am making every effort to procure additional wagons for your command, both for forage and ordnance trains, and hope to procure them in a few days.

Colonel Cone promised me while recently in Richmond to send up shoes for your command (Young's brigade). I presume some have already been received. You will please inform me in reference to this, so that if they have not been received I can remind Colonel Cone of his promise. I found that Colonel Cone had already sent you a number of tents; you will please inform me if they have been received, and whether the supply is adequate for the wants of the men.

In reference to your recommendation to relieve the cavalry pickets down as far as Ely's Ford by infantry, the commanding general will not accede to it; it is, however, within your power to contribute some to the relief of your horses by placing the dismounted battalions on this duty.

The command general is unwilling for your temporary transfer to the Southwest; but while he would regret to lose your services would, nevertheless, approve your transfer if it is in accordance with your own desire to command under General Johnston, provided a suitable officer is sent to take your place.

I desire to express my high gratification at the good order and military discipline in Gordon's and Young's brigades during my recent visit to them. The memorandum of cavalry in South Carolina furnished by you was left with the commanding general for his consideration.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

