SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 15. Richmond, January 19, 1864.

* * * *

XIX. the battalion of Maryland cavalry commanded by Lieutenant Colonel R. Brown will be designated as the First Maryland Cavalry; the battalion of Maryland infantry, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Herbert commanding, will be designated as the Second Maryland Infantry; the battery of artillery commanded by Captain W. H. Griffin, to be designated as the Second Maryland Artillery, together with such other companies, battalions, squadrons, and regiments as may hereafter be added, raised, assigned, or transferred to it, are organized into the Maryland Line, under the command of Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, in pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 8, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, 1862, and act of Congress approved February 15, 1862. Colonel Bradley T. Johnson is assigned to the duty of organizing and recruiting the Maryland Line.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, January 20, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have delayed replying to your letter of the 4th until the time arrived from the execution of the attempt of on New Berne. I regret very much that the boats on the Neuse and Roanoke are not completed. With their aid I think success would be certain. Without them, though the place may be captured, the fruits of the expedition will be lessened and our maintenance of the command of the waters in North Carolina uncertain. I think every effort should be made now to get them into service as soon as possible. You will see by the inclosed letters to Generals Pickett and Whiting the arrangements made for the land operations. The water expedition I am willing to trust to Colonel Wood. If he can succeed in capturing the gun-boats I think success will be ceratin, as it was by aid from the water that I expected Hoke to be mainly assisted.

In view of the opinion expressed in your letter, I would go to North Carolina myself, but I consider my presence here always necessary, especially now, when there is such a struggle to keep the army fed and clothed. General Early is still in the valley. The enemy there has been re-enforced by troops from Meade's army, and [by] calling down General Averell with his cavalry. I do not know what their intentions are. Report from General Early yesterday stated that Averell with his cavalry had started for Moorefield. I will, however, go to North Carolina if you think it necessary. General Fitz. Lee brought out of Hardy 110 prisoners, 250 horses and mules, 27 wagons, and 460 head of cattle. He captured 40 wagons, but 13 turned over on the mountains and had to be abandoned. He had also to leave behind between 100 and 200 head of cattle. The difficulties he encountered were very great, owing to the extreme cold, ice, storms, &amp;c. Nearly all his men were frost-bitten, some badly; many injury by the falling of their horses. He got within 6 miles of Paddytown, but

