
PETERSBURG, January 20, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Following telegrams just received from General Ransom:

WELDON, January 20, 1864.

Colonel Jones, Thirty-fifth North Carolina Infantry, has this moment reported the enemy 5,000 strong (doubtful) moving on him. I have ordered the Twenty-fourth [North Carolina] form Tarborough to support him, and shall run down myself to attend the matter. The other arrangements you directed are being made.

Second:

General Hoke informed me on Saturday that he was ordered to relieve Faiison, of the Fifty-sixth [North Carolina] Regiment, and that he would sent them to me. Fairson has just sent in a requisition of ordnance, and holds himself at High Point ready to move. If Faison and his regiment are to be returned to this place there is no use in sending ammunition to him. Please have the proper inquiry made at Richmond, and advise me.

IF the Fifty-sixth is to join General Ransom, please telegraph them at once, as they are needed.

G. E. PICKETT.

RICHMOND, January 20, 1864.

General SAMUEL JONES:

Military possession must be taken of the East Tennessee road, and Mr. Owen, of the Virginia and Tennessee road, be appointed military superintendent. Have inventory taken of all property, locomotives, cars, and machinery by a board of officers. Send all damaged locomotives, cars, and machinery by a board of officers. Send all damaged locomotives or cars for repair to the workshops of Virginia and Tennessee road. I will write.

JAS. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF the WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, January 20, 1864.

R. L. OWEN, Esq.,President of Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, Lynchburg:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to take military possession of the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad and appoint you military superintendent. He further directs that I appoint a board of officers to take an inventory of all the property, locomotives, cars, and machinery, and send damaged locomotives and cars for repairs to the workshops of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.

Please procure all information you can as to the property of all kinds belonging to the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, and where it may be found, and inform me. If you can do so, please come here without delay. The Secretary's telegram was in cipher, so say nothing of this.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

70 R R-VOL XXXIII

