
RICHMOND, January 20, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES:

If in your command, send Corse's brigade immediately to Petersburg, where it is required for an emergency, replacing it if necessary for your safety or communications by some other forces of your command. General Longstreet has been telegraphed to same effect.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[JANUARY 20, 1864.]

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States:

Teh undersigned, members of the Legislature from the upper valley and southwestern portions of the State of Virginia, would most respectfully represent to Your Excellency that the sections of the State from which they come produces a large surplus of horses, cattle, hogs, grain, and hay, and that nearly all the iron, salt, and lead manufactured in the Confederate States is made in that section.

The recent raid of the enemy into it had produced a general felling

of insecurity, so much so that if an additional force is not sent for the the defense of that section a considerable part of their population will emigrate to other parts of the Confederacy, and thereby greatly reduce the production. We are sincerely of the opinion that as soon as the condition of the roads and water-courses will admit of it the enemy will invade our section for the purpose of destroying the iron-works and other manufactories, and particularly for the purpose of destroying our means to prosecute the war to a successful termination.

We are satisfied that the force now on that line is wholly inadequate to its defense, and we respectfully request that such additional forces may be sent as re-enforcements as will effectually secure that result. From the valley of the Kanawha to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad several ranges of lofty mountains intervene. There are but few passes in these mountains through which a mounted force with artillery can pass. If these were sufficiently fortified and garrisoned it would require a much larger force of the enemy than any he has heretofore had at his command in that section in order to enable him to make a successful invasion. We earnestly and respectfully ask that the prayer of this petition will received from Your Excellency that consideration which its importance demands.

[Signed by] John T. Anderson, of Botetourt and Craig; Ro. M. Wiley, senator from Roanoke and Botetourt district; Mason Mathews, delegate from Greenbrier County; Cyrus P. Bryan, delegate from Allegheny and Bath Counties; A. C. Cummings, delegate from Washington County; Green James, delegate from Botetourt County; James C. Taylor, senator thirty-ninth senatorial district; A. J. Deyerle, delegate from Roanoke; D. G. Douthat, delegate from Montgomery; Isaac Goodyknootz, delegate from Floyd; R. T. Bowna, delegate from Tazewell; George Graham, delegate from Washington; James H. Horton, delegate from Scott; John H. Thompson, Smyth County; J. M. Ferguson, Wayne County; Samuel J. Mullins, delegate Henry County; David Miller, delegate Lee, Scott, and Wise; Wilson

