
Lively, delegate Monroe; James B. Johnson, delegate Carroll; John S. Draper, delegate Pulaski County; I. A. Alderson, senator from Greenbrier district; R. M. Bates, senator from forty-second senatorial district; William Frazier, senator from Rockbridge district; Bolivar Christian, senator from Augusta district.

I concur fully in the necessary of the defense suggested in the foregoing petition.

SAML. PRICE.

[First indorsement.]

JANUARY 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General R. E. Lee for remarks, &amp;c.

J. D.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, January 26, 1864.

I think it more important that the troops now in West Virginia should be more thoroughly organized and discipline that increased. Without the latter, numbers will avail but little. The troops should be kept in the field, instructed, and inspired with confidence; otherwise we shall meet with continued disaster. The enemy is now much emboldened, and on the opening of spring another advance on his party may be expected. The only additional force that I know of that can be sent to that department is the Fifty-fourth Virginia Regiment, Colonel Trigg, and the Sixty-third, Colonel Dunn. These regiments are now with General Johnston' army. They were orginally sent to re-enforce General Buckner in East Tennessee, and thus got to the Army of Tennessee. I understand they are much reduced in numbers. Many of the absentees from these regiments are now in West Virginia, and might be gotten to their regiments if returned to the State. The regiments might otherwise be recruited. I recommend these or their equivalent be sent to that department.

R. E. LEE,General.

P. S. -The troops now under General Ransom (Wharton's, Jackson's (Tennessee), and W. E. Jones' brigades) may in the spring be returned to that department.

R. E. L.

BUBLIN, January 20, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Your telegram of this date received. Lieutenant-General Longstreet has assumed command of all my troops in East Tennessee, including Corse's brigade.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, January 20, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am informed on good authority that immediately after Brigadier-General Averall returned to his base of operations from

