
his raid to Salem he commenced preparations for another offensive movement on a larger scale. He has been remounting the command (four regiments and a battalion and six field pieces of artillery) which he has heretofore operated with, and in addition is mounting three other regiments, viz, the Sixth, Tenth, and Twelfth West Virginia Regiments. There are, besides, three or four regiments and a field battery at and near Beverly to co-operate with him. There are eleven regiments and two field batteries of six guns each in the Kanawha Valley. Two of those regiments are mounted and they are actively engaged mounting others, which are to constitute the cavalry brigade of Brigadier-General Duffie.

I have information from various sources of the intention fo the enemy to make another raid on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad as soon as it can be made, and I have no doubt of their purpose to persevere in their efforts to cut and destroy this line of communication, the iron and lead mines and the salt-works. If they cannot accomplish their purpose this winter, they will no doubt endeavor to occupy Greenbrier and Monroe early in the spring, and make them their base of operations on this road. They know as well as you do how inadequate the force I have is for the protection of this department.

I deem it my duty to lay this information before you and invite your attention to my letters of the 26th of December last and 17th instant to you, and my letter of the 29th December last to the Adjutant and Inspector General, and respectfully but earnestly ask that at least the troops I carried to East Tennessee in September and October last and the Fifty-fourth and Sixty-third Virginia Regiments of infantry be returned to me.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

Place within the other letters referred to and submit to the President for his consideration and instructions to me.

J . A. S.

[Second indorsement.]

JANUARY 28,1 864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

General Jones' letters of the 26th and 29th December, 1863, are herewith transmitted. * the letter of January 17 was sent up on the 22nd.

I shall be pleased to receive instructions on the subject presented.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

It is desirable to increase the force in Western Virginia; weather the mode proposed is the best may be doubted. General Longstreet is in command in front of the salt-works, and may be relied on the cover the approaches west of the Guyandotte. The subject of the distribution of troops will require further consideration.

J. D.

---------------

*See inclosures Nos. 1 and 2.

---------------

