
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Dublin, December 26, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I am informed that a large portion of the enemy's cavalry, recently in East Tennessee, is now in Kentucky and near the Virginia line. I think it highly probable that they contemplate a raid on the salt-works and lead mines. I therefore respectfully suggest that the infantry and a part of the artillery of Major-General Ransom's command be placed in position to guard those works and this line of railroad. One regiment of Brigadier-General Wharton's brigade is stationed near Saltville. I think it advisable that the other part of the brigade be placed at or near Glade Springs.

To defend this line of road against the raid on Salem, which i apprehended would be much more extensive and destructive than it proved to be, I ordered Major-General Ransom to send his infantry to Bristol, from which point it could have been moved by railroad to the point where their services might have been needed.

Ransom referred my order to Lieutenant-General Longstreet, under whose orders he was acting, who declined sending the troops, and informed me that Ranson's command was under his orders, as he (Longstreet) conceived, by authority of the President. Hence I can give no orders to that portion of my troops. I therefore make the foregoing suggestions to you for such action as you may think proper.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

What orders have been given by the President placing Major-General Ransom's command under General Longstreet's command? I cannot judge without such.

J. A. S.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Dublin, December 29, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The recent raid on Salem shows, I think, very clearly the importance of having on this line of railroad a force adequate to its protection. I have been satisfied ever since I assumed command in this department of the importance of keeping a regular force directly on this road, and placed such a force on it last spring. But in July last, under orders from the War Department, I was obliged to send that force away, and have not been able since then to replace it.

Under the conviction that it is important to keep some regular force on this road, I respectfully and earnestly recommend that the Fifty-fourth and Sixty-third Virginia Regiments, now serving with

