
at 2. 30 o'clock. The pilot was called at that time, and said it was entirely too dark and could not see. While waiting for it to clear up some, so as he could see, the boat was captured. A lieutenant and 13 men came on board with a rush and secured all arms that were in the boat. There were some soldiers aboard; to best of my knowledge, some 16 or 17. No sentinel or picket was placed on shore. At the time of the capture of the boat I had steam up, pilot was at the wheel, the mate on the hurricane deck, engineer at his post. On arriving at Red House that night could learn of no rumor or hear of any rebels. After some little time, with a guard over pilot and engineer, the boat was run over to Winfield side; remained there until about 10 o'clock. On landing on that side more of the enemy came on board, making them number 28. Were taken some minutes after 5 a. m.

About 10 o'clock, with the guard over pilot and engineer, the boat was ordered to run down to mouth of Hurricane Creek, and landed about half mile below at Vintreaux Landing. At twenty minutes after 12 o'clock the general and officers were taken ashore, and ten minutes' notice given to crew and all to get ashore; they were going to burn the boat. The boat was burnt at 12. 30 p. m. At that time is the last I saw of the general. After the capture of the boat, and during the morning, the general tried to induce the soldiers to stand and retake the boat, but could not.

The above are facts, as I will testify to.

C. REGNIER.

Numbers 3. Report of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, February 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I inclose with this a copy of a letter received this morning from Major Nounnan, of the Sixteenth Regiment Virginia Cavalry, together with a parole* signed by 23 enlisted men of the U. S. Army. Lieutenant Vertegans, of the same regiment, of whom the major speaks in complimentary terms, will start to-morrow for Richmond with Brigadier-General Scammon and the 2 officers of his staff- Lieutenants Pinckard and Millward. Major Nounnan and his small party, especially Lieutenant Vertegans, have performed their duty in the most creditable manner.

I sent Colonel Ferguson with his regiment (the Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry) to the Lower Kanawha late in December last. He has so far conducted the expedition with judgment and discretion; has captured much of the enemy's property and a number of prisoners, and diverted the attention of the enemy in that quarter from this part of the country to the protection of their own border.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

