
the army lately commanded by General Bragg, be ordered to report to me for duty, that I may employ them to protect this important line. Both of those regiments were under my command a year ago. The Fifty-fourth was sent last spring, under orders from the War Department, to East Tennessee. About the 1st of September last, under an urgent call from Major-General Buckner, which you desired me to comply with, I sent the Sixty-third Regiment to East Tennessee for temporary duty, as I supported. They both, I think, belong properly to my command. The exigencies of the service have caused them to be temporarily detached. They have rendered valuable and distinguished service under General Bragg, and are now greatly reduced in numbers. I think the interest of the service will be promoted by bringing them back to this department, where they were raised and organized.

The senior officer of the two regiments, Colonel R. C. Trigg, of the Fifty-fourth, is an officer of great merit, who distinguished himself at Chickamauga by his gallantry and good conduct, and is held in high esteem by the officers under whom he has served, is thoroughly acquainted with this section of country, and I think could aid materially in its defense.

If those two regiments are brought here i am sure they can render most valuable aid in protecting this section of country. As they are from this section of country I believe that under the laws which it is understood will be passed by the present Congress they can be filled up nearly if not quite to the maximum by the opening of spring. It is probable they will diminish rather than increase in strength where they are are.

I earnestly commend my suggestion to the favorable consideration of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 2, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

I do not see how these regiments can be separated from General Johnson's command at this time, and I think it would be hazardous to return them to Western Virginia, where they were recruited, for the purpose of filling their ranks and remaining in that section, as experience has shown that where regiments are stationed in sections where they are enlisted military discipline is apt to be loose, by the men straggling to visit their homes and families, and this has proven to be the case to some extent in Western Virginia. Corse's brigade, of Pickett's division, was sent to General Jones some time since, and will supply in numbers the two absent regiments referred to. I know not where troops can be obtained to supply this requisition of General Jones.

[S. COOPER,]

Adjutant and Inspecter General.

Approved.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

