HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 21, 1864.

Major General J. A. EARLY,Commanding, &amp;c., Staunton, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 11th instant, with General Rosser's dispatch inclosed, is received.

I hope that you will bear in mind the great importance of obtaining supplies of subsistence of the army. I fully appreciate the great difficulties that attended the late expedition to Hardy and Hampshire, and have no doubt that the men brought out all the cattle that they could under the circumstances; but I am informed by Major Hawks and others that there are many cattle in that region still which might be obtained, and which we should spare no effort to get. Owing to the condition of the roads and the intense could, rendering rapid movements necessary, those parts of the country where most of the cattle are said to be were not visited. The cattle brought out were obtained generally on the line of march, as I am informed by Major Gilmor. In sending any expedition into that country, care should be taken to select men well acquainted with it, and who know where the cattle are to be found. I desire that if you find the weather and roads unsuitable for the movements of an organized body of troops you will endeavor to get all the cattle, &c., that can be brought out by intelligent and active individuals, giving them all the assistance in your power. Major A. H. Johnson, commissary of subsistence, Harrisonburg; Captain Coontz, assistant commissary of subsistence, New Market; and Captain Ross, of Gilmor's battalion, have been named to me as well qualified to aid in this work, by their energy, intelligence, and knowledge of the resources of the country. I wish you to put them and other suitable persons at this important business as soon as possible.

I have just received a letter from General Sedgwick, dated the 20th instant, which shows that he is present himself on the other side of the Rapidan, commanding in the absence of General Meade. How much of his corps has been sent to the valley is uncertain. Some reports say a brigade, others a division, and others still a brigade and a division. The camps are said to be still standing, so that it is certain that the whole corps has not gone.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

STAUNTON, VA., January 21, 1864.

Major General J. A. EARLY,

Commanding Volley District, Harrisonburg, Va.:

GENERAL: I last night received your letter of yesterday, giving me instructions. I brought my assistants along with me, with the consent of Generals Ewell and Lee, and I have obtained quarters in Staunton, where I can keep them at work and supervise them once a week at least.

I have a surveyed map of Rockbridge County, and also a survey of portions of Augusta, Bath, and Allegheny Counties, and I shall have them at once put together by my assistants, and so forward the work assigned me. I am now making tracings of the maps I have

