
to take along with me, that I may verify them; that and other necessary preparations will occupy the rest of this week, and on Monday I shall start, and go first along the line of the North Mountain, by the road nearest to it on the east, and go as far as where the road from the Sweet Springs to Fincastle crossed the same mountain, then come back by the nearest line of parallel roads on the west of the North Mountain, and so back and forth until I reach the Allegheny Mountains, as I suppose by so doing I shall examine all the crossings of the mountains from one parallel valley to another. I think I had better make the main road from Harrisonburg, through Staunton, Lexington, Buchanan, and Fincastle, on the Salem, the limit of the map on the southeast; the road from Dry River Gap to Harrisonburg and the Parkersburg road from Staunton westward the limit on the northeast; the Allegheny Mountains the limit on the southwest, making a section of country 100 miles long and 40 wide, as shown in the inclosed tracing. * Such, I understand, is the intention of your orders when you ask for "a map of Augusta and Rockbridge form Staunton and Lexington westward, and the counties adjoining them on the west," and "ascertain the routes from Covington to Lexington, Buchanan, Fincastle, and Salem. " All the materials from Staunton northeast to the proposed line are now ready to my hand, and only need reduction. If this boundary is not the one you desire, please specify to me a limit. I need a courier or cavalryman to go along with me; it expedites my observations much to have some one to send to ascertain names of houses, &amp;c., while I am taking notes and sketching topography. A courier of Major Allan's (A. D. Moore) desires to accompany me, and General Ewell and Major Allan have consented for him to come, but General Lee has referred the matter to you. I will be obliged to you if you will approve it. I have asked Colonel Imboden to let one of his men accompany me next week, which will, I hope, meet with your approval. I have always had a courier sent with me when on such duty.

I propose to construct the map on a scale of 1\160000 or 4\10 of an inch to the mile. My address will be Staunton.

I am, general, you obedient servant,

JED. HOTCHKISS,

Captain and Topographical Engineer, Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 21, 1864.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 17th instant is received, and I return my thanks for the cattle and beef you have furnished. Our necessity is great, and I hope they will soon arrive. It is necessary to make every exertion to procure supplies in order to keep our armies in the field. Everything in the way of subsistence that can be brought out of the enemy's line by secret means should be procured. But, in addition to this, I want you to try and ascertain where there are cat-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

