
direct methods. At present rate of mere breadstuffs, flour, and meal, in the cities mentioned by General Lee, and officer's pay will not purchase much, and those who are stationed at posts remote from their homes must either become inextricably in debt or resign. Officers in the field have left their families at home. I recommend that the sale of meat be stopped to the families of officers assigned to posts by order of the Secretary of War, but that those who have their families with them be allowed to purchase other supplies under the same rules as heretofore. The virtual nullification of the impressment law by the action of States, corporations, and courts, and the directions of the Secretary of War to purchase on the best terms possible, lessens very much the benefit of the privilege.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

[Second indorsement.]

The proposed restriction to the sale of meat to officers at posts is approved.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE, February 9, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Secretary of War.

As there is a bill pending in Congress on this subject, I recommend that action hereon be suspended temporarily, but that the Secretary order an inspection to be made, so that the number of officers be reduced at the posts, if General Lee's complaint is well found in reference to that point.

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Four indorsement.

FEBRUARY 11, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Let an inspector such as the Commissary-General recommends be ordered.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

Colonel C. F. M. GARNETT,

Commissioner, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the honorable Secretary of War to inform you that he deems the present time favorable to a renewed attempt for saving the iron from the railroad between Fredericksburg and Aquia Creek, and to call you to take the steps necessary to effort this object.

Teh condition of things in East Tennessee is such as to invite a prompt and vigorous effort to save the iron from the Rogersville Branch Railroad. This section of country is now within our lines, and sufficiently protected to admit of the operations of a working party employed on the removal of the iron, whilst the reconstruction of the bridges on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, which,

