
newed. I think the proposed arrangements would bring together and make effective troops which in detached companies and regiments are now of but little service.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY FO NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 24, 1864.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,Commanding Cavalry, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: In connection with the disposition of the two brigades of Fitz. Lee's division now near Charlottesville, as proposed by Major-General Lee and indorsed by you, I am directed by the general commanding to say that he desires that the transportation of this command be kept together and well cared for. Perhaps a portion of it can be judiciously employed by Major-General Hampton in foraging and supplying the brigades of Young, and Gordon, as General Hampton has expressed a desire for additional wagons for this purpose. Such as is not turned over to him for temporary service must be placed together under the proper officer of the quartermaster's department, who shall see that the animals are properly foraged and protected and the wagons placed in the best possible condition. If the transportation cannot be properly attended to in this way, it must be turned over to Major Harman, the acting chief quartermaster of the army, until required by the troops.

General Lee directs me to add that Major-General Early reports that Major-General Lee carried off with him some fifteen or sixteen of the captured wagons and most of the captured mules. Every one of them must be turned in to the captured mules. Every one of them must be turned in to the chief quartermaster of the army and a report of the number of wagons and mules promptly made to these headquarters.

The general commanding wishes the headquarters of Lee's cavalry division, after the contemplated disposition shall have been effected, established at some point nearer the troops of the at division now in front, say west of Orange Court-House, and somewhere between Lomax's brigade and the camps in rear.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, January 24, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

From my scout, the enemy's forces at New Berne are about 7,000; they are very much excited. Some negroes ran away from near Kinston and told them there were a great many troops in Kinston and they expected to attack New Berne soon. The Yankees were out to Pollocksville on the 21st, looking for place to throw up works. Preparations for a raid have been in progress for some days. Roads bad.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

