
Immediate action in this matter is necessary, and provision should also be made to enable such as desire to join these commands to do so without unnecessary harassment or inconvenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, January 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: In order to maintain an efficient and adequate cavalry force in this army, it is necessary that section 3, paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 7, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, be so modified as to allow volunteers or conscripts to be assigned to any company of cavalry which may not have on its rolls more than 100 privates, instead of the minimum of 64.

It is absolutely indispensable to discriminate thus in favor of the cavalry, as the class of persons able to buy horses at the present exorbitant rates is extremely limited, thus rendering difficult the increase of this indispensable arms of service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 10. January 28, 1864.

In order to afford every facility and encouragement to the farmers to prepare for planting the coming season, the general commanding directs that particular attention be given to the preservation of the fencing and the closing of roads through fields which the owners may desire to cultivate. the gaps in the inclosures of such fields which have been made by the army will be closed by the nearest command, and passage across them by persons mounted or on foot and by vehicles will be strictly prohibited. Travel will be confined to the regular roads of the country as far as practicable.

Corps and division commanders will see to the strict enforcement of this order, and give to farmers in their vicinity all the assistance in their power.

The general commanding is confident that it is only necessary to remind the army of the importance of a supply of provisions for its use, and that of the people, to insure a cheerful compliance by all.

R. E. LEE,

General.

JANUARY 29, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief of Construction, Dept. of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The honorable Secretary of War has referred to this bureau the various communications received form the Secretary of the Navy in reference to the obstructions placed in James River between the lower and the pontoon bridge, and has directed me to call upon you for a report upon the questions raised in the correspondence forwarded by the Honorable S. R. Mallory.

