
This correspondence consists of letters from the pilots, George Young and Edward Moore, C. S. Navy, to Commodore F. Forrest, flag officer, and of a letter form Commodore Forrest transmitting the same to the Secretary of the Navy.

Mr. Young, in complaining of the obstructions above mentioned, states:

First. That the piles are cut off so low that at high water or in a slight freshest it is impossible to discover the opening left for the passage of vessels.

Second. That in consequence of a sunken wreck left in the main channel, a short distance above the obstructions, vessels of the larger size are compelled to make a difficult and dangerous circuit in approaching the draw; and.

Third. That since the width of the draw is but scant 58 feet, no sufficient provision has been made for the passage thorough the obstructions of the iron-clads Virginia, Patrick Henry, &amp;c.

Mr. Moore, pilot, C. S. Navy, repeats the statements of Mr. Young, and recommends-

That one of the vessels that were sunk in the former barricade at that point be removed, which would make a gap which could be approached by a direct course, avoiding sets of tides and all other obstacles, and leaving passway in mid-channel.

Commodore Forrest, in transmitting these communications to the Secretary of War, declares--

That he can perceive no necessity for any obstructions in the river above Drewry's Bluff, since it is clear that if the enemy can pass beyond that fortification with their iron-clad they can readily shell the city.

he laboring under a mistake as to distance, which has since been explained to and admitted by him.

In referring these communications to the Secretary of War, Mr. Mallory suggests "that the obstructions be placed in accordance with the views expressed by the pilots," and the Secretary has accordingly directed me to call upon you for a report in regard to the present condition of the obstructions and the propriety of making the proposed alterations.

In another letter, which has also been referred to his bureau, the Secretary of the Navy represents the extreme importance of providing for the passage of the iron-clads through the obstructions, and upon this the honorable Secretary of War has indorsed, "To Engineer Bureau, for consideration. I really wish some suitable arrangement could be made to let these iron-clads out without endangering the obstructions. " The question is one of importance, and I am desirous of obtaining your views upon the subject.

Yours, very respectfully,

A. L. RIVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &c.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. L. KEMPER:

GENERAL: I have read with great interest your letter of the 22nd instant. Its subject is a matter of constant anxiety and considera-

