
tion with me. I agree with you in believing that the only safe plan for supporting the army is by calling out the full resources of the country, and I am glad to hear that you think these resources ample. The great difficulty is as to the best mode of making them available. Wholesale impressments will give us present relief, but I fear it will injure our future supplies. It will cause concealment and waste, and deter many formers from exerting all their efforts in producing full and proper crops. Already I hear of land in Virginia lying idle from this cause. It should be made the interest of every one to labor and contribute all he can, and the proper regulation of the currency will best effect this object. But I think the present law and orders on the subject should be so modified as to authorize the Government to impress when necessary a certain proportion of everything produced in the country, this proportion to depend upon the wants of the Government. It should be made equal and as light as possible, and every care taken to deprive the execution of the measure of all harshness.

If it requires all the meat in the country to support the army, it should be had, and I believe this could e accomplish by not only showing its necessity, but that all equally contribute, and that it was faithfully applied. Great dissatisfaction is now occasioned by the conduct of the agents, and the belief that much of what is collected for the Government is applied to the support of post garrisons and the families of those there stationed, and that it does not reach the armies in the field. Much could be done, I think, by judicious agents in whom the people have confidence, and it was with this view that I desired you to take charge of the collection of supplies in Virginia.

The other subject referred to in your letter, I believe, has received the attention of Congress and the Department. the prevention of men called into service selecting local organizations, fixed batteries, &amp;c., so as to avoid service in the field, is very beneficial; and the authority given to the President to change a judge from one military court to another, and to commanding officers to assign officers of the army to duty on those courts when necessary, will be attended with good results.

The bill empowering commanding officers when separated from the army to call general courts-martial is also good. I think your proposition to empower all general officers to constitute general courts-martial, while operating with an army, would create concourts-martial in their brigades or divisions to take cognizance of regimental courts-martial it would be beneficial. When separated from the army, under this new bill, should it pass, they order general courts-martial.

You need not apologize for writing to me on my subject. I only wish I could do anything to advance the good of the service or feel that my views sufficiently approximated the truth to make them of value.

Hoping that you will be able to join the army at the beginning of the campaign, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

