HEADQUARTERS, Orange Court-House, January 30, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Report of a scout north of the Rappahannock gives movements of the enemy which generally proceeded an advance. Provisions are being brought up from Alexandria, troops are moved to the front, &amp;c. I do not think it can be a general advance of their army, but may be intended to distract or to co-operate with the movement reported in contemplation from Yorktown. They are no doubt aware that troops have been sent from this army, and of its dispersed condition on account of the scarcity of provisions and forage, and may wish to strike a sudden blow. I have though it proper to report these indication of some movement on the part of the enemy, as in the event of an advance up the Peninsula I might not be able to detach troops toward Richmond, and other preparations should be made. I think the two brigades that were sent to Charleston last fall, or their equivalent, might now be recalled No serious movement having been made during the winter, it is hardy probable it will occur in the spring. A scout from north of the Potomac states that all the sea-going vessels in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore are being taken up for an expedition to start south on the 15th February, believed to the against Mobile. I think it more probable if true that it is intended for General Butler, who, it is also stated, is to be furnished with 50,000 men to advance up James River or south of it.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, January 30, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,Quartermaster-General, C. S. Army:

GENERAL; I have sent two quartermasters over the ridge to purchase leather for the use of this army. The one in the lower valley reports that he has found 2,880 sides, all in the hands of original manufacturers except 220 sides, which are in the hands of speculators. The officer in the uppper valley had only visited three tanneries when he wrote, and had only found 400 sides ready for use, but many were in course of preparation. Some of this leather could be bought at Government prices, though it was offered in exchange for rawhides. They asked as high, in some cases, as $10 a pound for upper and $7 for sole.

The chief quartermaster of the army brought me this morning a sample of the shoes recently sent form Richmond. One pair was on Richmond manufacture and another from Columbus, Ga. They were intended to be fair samples of each lot and were selected with that view. Neither could compare with the shoes made in this army. In the Richmond shoe the face of the leather was turned in, that is, the side of the skin next the animal was turned out, which is contrary to the practice of the best makers and contrary to the arrangement of nature. Without knowing the result of experiment in this matter, I should therefore think it wrong. The leather of the Columbus shoe was not half tanned and the shoe was badly made; the soles of both slight, and would not stand a week's march in mud and water.

