
If I could get leather I could set 500 shoemakers to work. The scarps would answer for repairs. I have the workmen and tools . Can you get for me the leather I have referred to above, or authorize the chief quartermaster of the army to do so? I am not in favor of exchanging hides for leather at the rates established by the schedule, viz, 45 cents for the hides and $2. 80 for the leather. The old rule in Virginia, and I believe it is still practiced, was to receive one-half of the leather produced by the hides. I do not know whether we could exchange at that rate. The army is in great distress for shoes and clothes. Every inspection report painfully shows it-artillery, cavalry, and infantry. The requisitions sent in ar unanswered.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Near Fredericksburg, January 30, 1864,.

Major McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Acting under orders given by the general commanding by telegraph, I have prepared to move my command promptly to any point which may be threatened. Lieutenant Shinn sends information form the Peninsula that the enemy are preparing to move. As their movement has been delayed so long, they cannot meditate a surprise, but must intend a demonstration in some force. My opinion is that with an advance form Yorktwon there will be a simultaneous one on the line held by me, with a view to concentrate a large force on the railroads. If this is done, the force at any disposal will be totally inadequate to make any successful resistance. Leaving men enough to keep up my picket-line, I will have not more than 700 to 800 mounted men,. All the dismounted men, except those on duty, will be sent to Hanover Junction to re-enforce Colonel Bradley Johnson if that point is threatened. I would suggest the propriety of placing a larger force until the emergency has passed on the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. A small force of infantry and artillery could protect this road against any sudden dash of the cavalry of the enemy, and would leave my command free to harass the enemy wherever it could best do so. If no attack is made on my line, I will, in the event of an advance on Richmond or the Junction, send all my dismounted men down by railroad, and then endeavor to gain the rear of the enemy with all the cavalry i can collect. Would it not be advisable to have the disbanded men of General Lee's division who are in this vicinity ordered to rendezvous at some point, so that they may be called out if necessary? I wish, too, that you would send to dismounted men of Gordon's brigade who are now at Orange Court-House to Hanover Junction at once. There are form 75 to 100 there, and their services would be useful at the Junction . But one battery is with me. To save time I have sent several telegraph dispatches direct to the general commanding, giving information.

Scouts have been sent to Stafford and Faugier to obtain information there. No news has reached me this morning.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

