
Light Artillery.

3rd North Carolina Battalion, Battery A, Captain Andrew J. Ellis.

3rd North Carolina Battalion, Battery B, Captain William Badham, jr.

13th North Carolina Battalion, Battery A, Captain Lewis H. Webb.

13th North Carolina Battalion, Battery D, Captain Zachariah T. Adams.

Boggs' (Virginia) Battalion.

Youngs' (Virginia) battery, Captain Andrew B. Paris.

Wilmington (North Carolina) Horse Artillery, Captain Thomas J. Southerland.
HEADQUARTERS PICKET, February 1, 1864-2 p. m.

[General J. D. IMBODEN:]

GENERAL: I sent a man some two hours ago to report to you the presence of the enemy at Strasburg. I have a report from two reliable men, who have just come in from that place, that they are about 1,000 strong, with four pieces of artillery. They are reported encamped about 1 mile from the town, on the Capon Springs road. It is supposed by Mr. Snodgrass, a scout detailed by General Rosser, to be Averell's force. They reached Strasburg soon after day, where they fed before going into camp. Mr. Snodgrass reports the enemy have been re-enforced in the lower valley. Some of the citizens reported to Mr. Snodgrass that Colonel Thomas' brigade, of Kilpatrick's division, was along (doubtful). I have advanced my vedettes and sent forward small scouting parties.

Your obedient servant,T. STURGIS DAVIS,

Captain, Commanding.

STASBRUG, February 1, 1864-6. 15 p. m.

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN,

Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: The force here this morning was part of Averell's command. They started in the direction of Wardnesville, and left the impression that they were after Rosser. They had four pieces of artillery and two ambulances with them. They had about 400 men with them, not more, including the First and Second Virginia, commanded by a man by the name of Thompson. I will follow on their tracks and dispatch you.

Your obedient servant,

T. STURGIS DAVIS,

Commanding Outpost.

BURLINGTON, February 1, 1864.

[General J. A. EARLY:]

GENERAL: I found a small force of a cavalry here this morning when I arrived. They ran in direction of New Creek, blockading the road through the mountains. I believe I am getting all the cows, sheep, &amp;c. ; some will not amount to much. I am about starting on down toward Cumberland; will sweep all the country right and left and bring everything out. I will return by way of Moorefield, reaching there on the 3rd or 4th. Citizens report Averell moving up the valley, but they don't know anything about it. It

