
Numbers 20. - Lieutenant Colonel J. Albert Monroe, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade.

Numbers 21. - Itinerary of the Third Army Corps.

Numbers 22. - Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 23. - Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.

Numbers 24. - General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 25. - Colonel Henry C. Cabell, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.

Numbers 1. Itinerary of the First Army Corps. *

February 6. - The troops of this corps marched to Raccoon Ford Rapidan River. Pickets were established, and the troops bivouacked for the night. After dark that night the colonel commanding [First Brigade, First Division], with 300 men taken from the several regiments, moved to the ford and burned the village located there. Returned to camp without loss, but few shots being fired.

February 7. - Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, L, First New York Artillery, and A, First Maryland Volunteer Artillery, moved toward Raccoon Ford, on the Rapidan, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters. L and A were detached from the rest of the corps, and took position between Raccoon and Morton's Fords, this side the Rapidan. The two batteries expended about 60 rounds of ammunition without eliciting a reply from the enemy. The corps received orders at dusk to return to camp.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General Gouverneur K. Warren, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the demonstration against the enemy made by this corps on the 6th of February:

Proper orders were issued the night before, as soon as received from you, to move the whole corps at daylight. Being very unwell in the morning, which was stormy, and the operations ordered being only by way of demonstration, I allowed the movement to proceed under direction of General Caldwell. I quote from his report:

Or riding forward to reconnoiter, I found that the enemy had a picket-line along the river and a force of 30 or more men in rifle-pits directly at the ford. I directed Brigadier-General Hayus, commanding Third Division, to send a brigade across the river at the ford and to advance a half a mile beyond. This was done in the most gallant manner, and nearly the whole force at the ford was captured without the loss of a man. This brigade then advanced, with little opposition, to a ridge about three-fourths of a mile from the enemy's intrenchments. The enemy making a considerable show of force in front of General Owen's brigade, at the request of General Hays the two remaining brigades of his division were sent across the river. Understanding as I did that orders from army headquarters were not to precipitate an engagement, but to draw a large force of the enemy to our front, I determined not to advance farther, but to hold our position.

General Caldwell then disposed our artillery to operate the right and left flanks of General Hays' division, brought General Webb's division as close to the river bank as shelter from the enemy's obser-

---------------

*From monthly return.

---------------

