HEADQUARTERS, February 3, 1864.

Major McCLELLAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Captain Sandy, assistant quartermaster, reported to me yesterday, having received instructions to bring twenty wagons up. He has been employed in hauling supplies from the counties below me, and he reports but little forage to be had. I inclose a memorandum from him. I have ordered him to make a depot at Lloyd's, and have suggested to General Young to make his camp near that point. As there are no further indications of an advance of the enemy from the Peninsula, I think this brigade had better move at once, but I shall await your reply by telegraph before giving orders that this should be done. The Fifth North Carolina will be sent home in a few days. General Gordon has determined to establish his picket force on the plank road, and Major Neal has gone up to Orange Court-House to make the necessary arrangements with Major Hardman. I will leave General Gordon where he now is, near Milford, and General Young will keep up his present picket-line. Every effort shall be made to procure supplies so as to recruit the horses.

I am, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 4, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I think that Lloyd's is too far from the picket-line, being over 40 miles from Fredericksburg, and if the commanding general concurs with me in this opinion I will order this brigade to be established at some intermediate point. I have just sent General Hampton five additional wagons. A few days ago I sent him four teams and two wagons.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, February 4, 1864.

General Hampton telegraphs that General Elzey wishes him to move toward Hanover, as there is now no doubt in this mind that Richmond is to be attacked from the Peninsula. Until this is ascertained, of which I am not so certain, General H. had better [remain] within reach of Hanover Court-House, and his depot had better not be so exposed as it would be at Lloyd's; but he must establish himself where he can get supplies.

R. E. LEE,General.

[Inclosure.]

FEBRUARY 2, 1864.

Having been engaged in hauling forage from the counties of Hanover, New Kent, King William, King and Queen, and Essex, I am satisfied forage is scarce, long forage particularly. There is yet some corn that can be bought, together with the tithes or tax in kind, is about all that can be obtained, I think.

PHILIP A. SANDY,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

