
battery, Battle's (Alabama) brigade, Doles' (Georgia) brigade, Ramseur's (North Carolina) brigade, Johnston's (North Carolina) brigade, Daniel's (North Carolina) brigade, the Eleventh and Eighth Alabama Regiments, and the Forty-seventh Regiment North Carolina troops.

Soldiers, imitate this noble example and evince to the world that your never can be conquered. The blessing of God upon your undaunted courage will bestow peace and independence to a grateful people.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, February 3, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM M. BROWNE,Aide to the President, Richmond:

COLONEL: I learn that a call has been made by Congress for my correspondence on the defenses of Wilmington. I write respectfully suggesting, for obvious reasons, that it should not be printed or made public, at least till all danger shall have passed. If it is printed there is great likelihood of copies finding their way to the enemy, in which case the whole system of defense would be exposed and our weak points designated.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 6, 1864.

Respectfully referred by the President to the honorable Secretary of War, to be considered in connection with the call for the correspondence referred to.

G. W. C. LEE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

KINSTON, February 3, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Made a reconnaissance within a mile and a half of New Benre, with Hoke's brigade and a part of Corse's and Clingman's and some artillery. Met the enemy in force at Batchelder's Creek; killed and wounded about 100 in all; captured 13 officers and 280 prisoners, 14 negroes, 2 rifled pieces and caissons, 300 stands of small-arms, 4 ambulances, 3 wagons, 55 animals, a quantity of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and 2 flags. Commander Wood, C. S. Navy, captured and destroyed U. S. gun-boat Underwrited. Our loss, 35 killed and wounded. Am returning toward Kinston.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 4, 1864.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Staurt directs me to say that, in consequence of the threatened advance upon Richmond form the Peninsula, Lloyd's

