
will be too much exposed to be made a depot of supplies. It will also be necessary in consequence of the move of the enemy to move your command toward Hanover Court-House. It will be necessary, however, for you to make arrangements to supply your command, and General Staurt would advise you not to move far from it, and devote most your wagons to hauling long forage, especially as it seems that the failure the supply your horses with corn from the railroad has been owing to a misunderstanding as to the point where it should be deposited. General Stuart also directs me to inclose a memorandum* of forage which it is said can be obtained near Wallers Tavern.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, February 5, 1864.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Commanding Army of N. V., near Orange Court-House:

GENERAL: Your communications of the 13th, 19th, and 30th ultimo, as also that of the 2nd instant, have been received. That of the 13th came to hand just after my letter of the 20th had been mailed.

I have carefully considered your views, and agree with you fully that our main reliance must be our home resources, though I do will go far to supply certain deficientciese. I am glad, too, to see that you do not encourage further the purchase of leather by the exchange of hides, as that course undoubtedly leads to an extravagant expenditure of material. I prefer even, as heretofore suggested, resorting to impressment.

I am making every effort to fill promptly the requisition from Major Harman for leather with which to repair shoes. I am compelled to say, however, that it will not be practicable, for the present at least, to furnish you with material from the depot at this point to be made up into shoes in camp. With the aid of men temporarily detailed from the local commands, and material renewed at short intervals from the country at large, this depot is now turning out daily nearly 500 pairs of shoes. Is it desirable to break up this establishment, where leather can certainly be worked up with more safety and economy than in the field, by encroaching upon its supply of material in the manner proposed? the samples forwarded from your command, especially that from Posey's brigade, compare favorably with furnished samples. Although many of the detailed men sent to the depot are but cobblers, and some not even that, I am satisfied that the shoes turned out here are fair specimens and serviceable. I am informed by Major Ferguson that two members fo your staff, General Chilton and Major Taylor, seemed thoroughly satisfied on this point, after a personal inspection of his establishment.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

