
[Numbers 7.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to North Carolina troops.

The Congress of the Confederate States having learned through the public press of the re-enlistment for the war of the North Carolina brigade, in the Army of Northern Virginia, serving under General Robert D. Johnston: Therefore.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the patriotism and spirit of the North Carolina troops, evinced by their prompt and voluntary devotion of themselves afresh to the service of the country, are beyond all praise, and deserve the unbounded gratitude of the country.

Approved February 6, 1864.

[Numbers 9.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Alabama troops who have re-enlisted for the war.

Whereas the Alabama troops composing the brigade commanded by Brigadier General Cullen A. Battle, in the Army of Northern Virginia, volunteered in the service of the Confederate States in the early part of the year 1861, upon the first call for troops for the defense of Virginia, have participated in every battle fought by that army from the battle of Seven Pines to that of Gettysburg, always wining by their gallantry and devotion deserved praise and honor; and now, after enduring for nearly three years hardships and dangers of active military service, have re-enlisted for the war: Therefore,

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby cordinally tendered, to the Alabama troops, who, by their renewing the offer of their services to the country for the war in advance of any legislative action, have shown a spirit undaunted, a heroic determination to battle ever until the independence of their country is established, and a consecration to the cause of liberty worthly of imitation by their comrades.

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate a copy of these resolutions to the commander and troops of said brigade, as an evidence of the grateful appreciation by Congress of their fortitude and heroism, confirming the faith and reassuring the hope of the patriot.

Approved February 6, 1864.

[Numbers 10.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to certain Florida troops.

Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to the officers and men of the Second Florida Regiment, who, after a service of distinguished gallantry and heroic suffering for nearly three years, did, on the 28th ultimo, at a meeting held near Rapidan Station, Va., resolve to re-enlist for the war at the expiration of their present term of service.

Approved February 6, 1864.

