
WELDON, February 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Your dispatch received. I start with Ransom's brigade as soon as transportation can be procured. Will use all diligence. Clingman's will follow without delay.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

PETERSBURG, February 9, 1864-11. 10 a. m.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of yesterday was received this morning on my arrival at this place, too late to stop all of Ransom's brigade, two regiments of which are here, but will go back to-day. I will report to you in person to-night or to-morrow morning.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 9, 1864.

The PRESIDENT OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES:

SIR: I have received a copy of the following resolutions of the House of Representatives, referred by Your Excellency to this Department:

Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to communicate to this House any correspondence with General Whiting relative to the defense of Wilmington, N. C.

Second. That the President be also respectfully requested to inform this House whether any aid can be given by further legislation to the complete defense of that important post.

I had with much hesitation directed the correspondence to be copied, and it was nearly for transmission when the letter of General Whiting, a copy of which is inclosed,* was received, and sharing his fears that serious evils might result from the communication of his correspondence at this time, I have concluded to submit a copy of his letter instead, believing it will satisfy the House of Representatives that it would be "incompatible with the public interest" to furnish the correspondence called for by their resolution.

I am not aware of any measures of legislation required especially for the more complete defense of Wilmington. Great skill, energy, and activity have been displayed by the general commanding in improving and strengthening the fortifications of that city. Some embarrassments have occasionally resulted from the difficulty of commanding the requisite labor, and not unfrequently there has been inability to furnish the troops which were desirable for it's defense. Aid in these two respects for the better protection of Wilmington, in common with that of all other fortified positions, might be afforded by legislation which would add to the resources at the command of the Department in obtaining an increased number both of laborers and of soldiers.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See p. 1145.

---------------

