HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 9, 1864.

Brigadier General L. L. LOMAX,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Stuart directs me to say that he wishes you to have the fords of the Robertson River again barricaded. Where timber is not convenient to form abatis, he desires you to have a regular stockade formed. He wishes you also to make the roads which bisect the principal roads leading from the fords as few as possible. The position of your reserve pickets should be rendered as secure as possible by abatis, with outlets before and behind well known to the men, but difficult of approach to the enemy, o that in case of surprise they can unsuccessfully defend themselves. Let a pioneer party under a competent officer be detailed for this work. When completed it will much lessen the chances of your men being captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, February 10, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Since my last announcement the following troops have re-enlisted for the war: The remaining regiments of Wilcox's old brigade, Ninth and Tenth Alabama; Mahone's brigade, Gordon's (Georgia) brigade, the Third and Twenty-second Georgia Regiments of Wright's brigade, the First Regiment Virginia Artillery, Lomax's (Virginia) cavalry brigade. Re-enlistments progressing in other brigades and divisions.

R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 10, 1864.

Major General FITZHUGH LEE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to General Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, a copy of which is inclosed. * I am desirous that the cavalry of the Army of Northern Virginia, which is inferior to no portion of our army in the patriotism which inspires its members and in services rendered to our cause, should not be behind their comrades in arms in expressing to the world their determination never to relinquish this contest until an honorable peace renders their heroic sacrifices no longer necessary. I well know that this determination exists in the heart of every member of this command; that while our enemies remain in arms against us there will be found not one who would exchange the privations of the camp for all luxuries of home.

---------------

*See p. 1144.

---------------

