
[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 12, 1864.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

It is with great reluctance that I make a recommendation which, if carried into effect, will take from my command this brigade, which I value and trust so highly and to which I am so greatly attached. But I feel sure that the service, not only here but in South Carolina and Georgia, would be benefitted by the exchange proposed. If three regiments from South Carolina and two from Georgia were ordered on, they could bring into the field next spring 5,000 fresh horses, whilst this brigade would perform all the duty required of these troops in the south fully as well as they do. Two regiments could be sent from here, with all the disabled horses, now, and the others could go on as soon as one full regiment from South Carolina reaches here. I cannot too strongly urge upon the general commanding the importance of this exchange, and I hope he will obtain from the Secretary of War a peremptory order to have at lest four regiments sent here, when the State troops go out of service. This brigade would soon fill up if sent home.

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I cannot approve the transfer of any cavalry from this army when the number is already inadequate for the work to be done. I heartily approve the immediate and peremptory transfer of two Georgia and two South Carolina regiments of cavalry to set out on the 1st of March for this army, but no exchange. The cavalry force of the Confederate States should be apportioned according to the force of the enemy of that arm of service opposed. Thus far, this has not been done. The enemy has kept his largest and best force of cavalry in his Army of the Potomac, while our largest opposing has been six brigades. The Army of Tennessee, on the contrary, has eight or ten brigades, besides Morgan's, Forrest's, and S. D. Lee's commands; and South Carolina and Georgia have 4,000 or 5,000 fresh cavalry at least.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

We have not now, nor have we ever had, a sufficiency of cavalry in this army for the service required of it. I cannot recommend the transfer of any from this army unless its place is supplied by that from other departments, and request to know the regiments to be sent here before these are removed.

R. E. LEE,

General.

