
[Fourth indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 19, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War, and the transfer within recommended, as suggested by General Lee.

See within letter from General Hampton. * The cavalry in Army of Northern Virginia should be speedily re-enforced. It has always been too limited in numbers.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 19, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

You will select a proper regiment in South Carolina, full in numbers, and exchange.

J. A. S.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INPS. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 34. Richmond, February 10, 1864.

* * * *

XII. Major William M. Owen, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty with Major General Samuel Jones, and will report to Lieutenant General J. Longstreet, commanding, &amp;c., at Morristown, Tenn., for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,

Dublin, February 10, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &c., Orange Court-House:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 2nd instant. My chief reasons for telegraphing you on the 31st ultimo of the indications of another move from the Kanawha was that I apprehended the movement might be designed to attract attention in that direction whilst General Averell or some other leader would make another raid east of but near my department, and I thought it probable you might desire to communicate the information to your officers commanding in the Valley of Virginia.

I had no idea of asking you to detach any portion of your army permanently to aid me, but only wished you to place a small force on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, to be used in case of necessity, and to be returned to you when the immediate necessity for their presence should be removed. I knew my department was beyond your command, but did not think that any reason why you should not give me a little temporary aid in protecting a very long and important line, if you could do so without endangering your own command.

---------------

*See Hampton to Seddon, February 12, p. 1163.

---------------

