
Light Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel C. E. LEIGHTFOOT.

Caroline (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Thomas R. Thornton.

2nd Nelson (Virginia) Artillery, Captain J. Henry Rives.

Surry (Virginia) Artillery, Captain James D. Hankins.

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF.

Heavy Artillery. *

Goochland (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Jonathan Talley.

Virginia Howitzer Company, Captain John J. Young.

James City (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Lucien W. Richardson.

Lunenburg (Virginia) Rebel Artillery, Captain C. Tacitus Allen.

Pamunkey (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Andrew J. Jones.

DREWRY'S BLUFF.

Heavy Artillery. *

Major FRANCIS W. SMITH.

Johnston (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Branch J. Epes.

Neblett (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Wiley G. Coleman.

Southside (Virginia) Artillery, Captain John W. Drewry.

United (Virginia) Artillery, Captain Thomas Kevill.

CHAFFIN'S FARM.

Light Artillery Battalion.

Major ALEXANDER W. STARK.

Alexandria (Virginia) Artillery, Captain David L. Smoot.

Mathews (Virginia) Artillery, Captain A. D. Armistead.

McComas (Virginia) Artillery, Captain David A. French.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 11, 1864.

General J. A. EARLY,

Commanding in the Valley:

GENERAL: I have received your report of the 6th instant. + Your expedition to Petersburg and the valley of the Potomac was conducted with skill and boldness, and attended with important success. I have forwarded your report to the Secretary of War, and commended your conduct and that of the troops under your to his attention.

I desire you to turn to the commissary agent in the valley the cattle and sheep, and to the quartermaster of this army the wagons and teams for its use. I wish you also to inform me of the condition and position of the troops, and to make every arrangement you can for their comfort. It is my desire to refresh and recruit them all I can, particularly the cavalry. It will be necessary to relieve Rosser's brigade from further duty and give it an opportunity to rest and fill up its ranks. I wish you also to inform me whether any further benefit can be accomplished by retaining Thomas' and Walker's brigades longer in the valley, or whether the enemy's force renders it necessary. I wish you would give every facility to Captains Janney and Merritt too procure leather for this

---------------

*Reported as infantry.

---------------

+See p. 43.

