
army. They are now in the valley for that purpose. I must request you also to give attention to fortifying the gaps through the mountains, so as to embarrass, if not arrest, al predatory expeditions of the enemy. I have sent Captain Howard, of the engineers, to you for this duty, who will be assisted by a party of engineers who have been surveying the roads, &amp;c., in that country for some time. I have thought that the principal routes through the mountains could be defended by well-constructed fieldworks and the minor ones blockaded.

When you have accomplished all the good you can in your present field of duty it is my wish to recall you to your division.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF HENRICO,Richmond, Va., February 11, 1864.

General EARLY,

Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward you copy* of a letter written from Williamsburg, Md., by Captain George H. Hammond, provost-marshal at that place, to one W. L. Dooly, who is now confined at this place, with copy* also of the indorsement of the Secretary of War on original paper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. H. WINDER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 11, 1864.

General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: As far as I am able to learn, the expedition up the Peninsula has refused to Yorktown. I therefore know of no benefit that the troops sent to Hanover and Richmond can now accomplish. They were taken from their huts, and, without adequate clothing, will suffer when exposed to cold weather like the present. I therefore request that you will order them back. I recommend that their transportation be so arranged as not to interfere with that of the supplies for this army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 11, 1864.

General R. F. HOKE,

Kinston, N. C.:

GENERAL: I have received by Major Wharton your report of the 8th instant of the operations in vicinity of New Berne. +

I am very glad to see that you and your gallant brigade accomplished your part of the work, while I regret very much that success

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 95.

---------------

