
did not attend the whole expedition. It is difficult in a combined attack to regulate and harmonize on an extensive field all the operations, but much was accomplished, and I hope the information obtained will secure future success. I am glad that you have made arrangements to urge forward the gun-boats. While they are being completed I desire you to use every exertion to recruit your brigade. I fear this cannot be as well accomplished in your present position as if you were farther west, unless the Governor can help you. I have thought, however, that your two regiments that are so much reduced might be sent to the section of the State in which they were organized for the purpose of rest and refreshment, and be at the same time recruited. If you can spare them for the time, and think they can be recruited, I desire you to send them to the most favorable position for the purpose. I hope you will also do all in your power for the comfort of your men, as well as to render them as strong and effective in the approaching campaign as possible.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 11, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of February 8, calling my attention to Colonel Larkin Smith's indorsement in reply to mine of February 1. You have misunderstood the purport of my indorsement, which makes no charge against officers of the quartermaster or any other department of using supplies in an unauthorized manner. I was not aware of the distinction drawn by Colonel Smith between post quartermasters and quartermasters of military posts. My intention was to draw the attention of Colonel Smith to the fact that officers at many military posts in the country, such as Staunton, Liberty, Farmville, Danville, Richmond,

&amp;c., under article 1127, Army Regulations, are allowed to purchase supplies for their families. It is believed that large amounts of commissary stores are consumed in this way which it would be prudent to send to soldiers in the field. About the date of the indorsement of February 1, I wrote to the Secretary of War recommending a modifications of regulation 1127 so as to take this privilege from officers at posts, in order to husband our limited supplies and remove causes of dissatisfaction in the army and among the people. If the Secretary of War has no power to modify the privilege, I would respectfully suggest that Congress pass a law upon the subject abolishing the law in question. A proper inspection of the military posts would show the extent of the evil.

I can appreciate the difficulties under which Colonel Smith has labored in his efforts to collect the tithes by a well-regulated system, and no one can more cordially wish him success than myself.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

