
force organized to move at a moment's notice. Have it located somewhere between this point and King William County, with the means of crossing the Pemunkey River, and a the first notice of the advance of the enemy let it be thrown across the river at cumberland Ferry, which is within 2 miles of New Kent Court-House. The river at that point is narrow and the ferry good. This I know from a personal examination. If a small mobile force is placed at my disposal I think that I can venture to promise that the people of Richmond will not be thrown into such regular and great panics as they now suffer under.

A small force of infantry could act in concert with cavalry for this purpose to great advantage. Two good flats, which could be carried each on a wagon, would furnish ample means of crossing the river if, as I suppose is the case, it is not guarded. I will with pleasure make a reconnaissance into that country if you desire me to do so. I noticed when I was at the Junction the other day that the works there were incomplete. The position is a strong one, and it occurs to me that it is of great importance to have our lines there strong and complete before the opening of the spring campaign. It may be necessary to uncover these lines, in which case, if they are strong, they could repulse any cavalry raid.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, February 12, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War (through Major-General Stuart):

SIR: An application has been made by Brigadier-General Young to have the brigade he now commands relieved by fresh regiments from Georgia and South Carolina, and as I regard this proposition as very important, I deem it necessary to give more at large than I could do by a simple indorsement the reasons which have forced me to approve it. This brigade has participated in nearly all the fights which have occurred since its formation; it has been constantly on arduous duty, with the exception of two months, and it is now so reduced that it cannot mount 500 men on horses fit for duty. In the last year it as had upward of 2,000 fresh horses brought on by men, an addition to those captured, and yet it cannot now turn out a full regiment. May of the men are unable to buy horses here, and unless prompt measures for its relief are taken this command, which for gallantry and all soldierly qualities is certainly second to none in the service, will soon be unfit for duty. The men, who all come from distant States, cannot obtain horses readily from their homes, nor can their disabled horses be recruited here. But if the brigade could be sent home to South Carolina or Georgia its numbers would soon be increased, whilst many of the horses which are unfit for cavalry could be sent home to South Carolina or Georgia its numbers would soon be increased, whilst many of the horses which are unfit for cavalry could be exchanged with the planters for good ones. Its numbers are amply sufficient to perform all the picket duty in South Carolina and Georgia, and in case of an attack on either of those States its dismounted men, who have been regularly drilled as infantry, would be very effective, as the only mode in which cavalry can fight there would be on foot. Five regiments from the two States named could be sent to take its place here, and 5,000 well-mounted men could be put here, where they will be so much needed next spring. Rutledge's regiment, South Carolina, has 1,350 men

