
in it; the three other South Carolina regiments have each from 1,000 to 1,100, and Anderson's Georgia regiment has, I am told, 1,000. To effect the change proposed I suggest that two of the regiments here be ordered at once to South Carolina, and at the same time two from South Carolina be ordered to report here. On the arrival of the latter here the rest of this brigade could be sent to South Carolina, while the other regiments come on here from that State. A sufficient force can thus always be kept here, as well as on the coast, and when the campaign opens here my command will be in condition to do some service. It is with great regret that I propose a plan which will take from me the men whom I have learned to trust and rely on, but in justice to them and to the service I am compelled to do so. This is the only plan by which this brigade can be saved from destruction or by which the cavalry necessary here can be obtained. I trust, therefore, that it will be adopted at once, and that orders from you will have it promptly carried into effect.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This is an unpropitious time for marching cavalry as much reduced as this is so far. Attention is invited to my remarks on a similar application of General Young a few days since. We need more cavalry here, but cannot spare any.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

P. S. -Arrangements have been made to relieve this cavalry from picket duty during the month of March, when it will be allowed to go to Mathews or Middlesex to recruit for thirty days. The horses have received 8 pounds of corn as an average per day for a month, according to my inspector's report, by only 1 or 2 pounds of long forage. To remedy the last defect I have directed the best forager now in the Confederate States (Major Waite) to be temporarily on duty with this brigade to obtain for it long forage, with twenty additional wagons furnished from Richmond and five from corps quartermaster. With these additional facilities it is believed the brigade will fare better than by any disposition otherwise to be made. Tennessee, Kentucky, and Virginia cavalry stand this climate better than that so far south.

J. E. B. S.

RICHMOND, VA., February 12, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT,

Petersburg, Va.:

Send but one brigade in answer to my dispatch of the 7th, retaining the others for further orders. Let me know by telegraph when the brigade may be expected here. Information deemed reliable has been received from the Peninsula that the enemy are preparing to make a descent on Weldon.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

