HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, February 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond:

GENERAL: If possible, I beg that you will send me another brigades, as asked previous to the expedition against New Berne. I have not half the troop necessary for common service here for the daily duties, leaving the question of attack open. The works are greatly increased; many points threatened and entirely open. The duty of the troops is greatly increased by the necessity of protecting and saving many valuable cargoes wrecked by the increasing numbers and vigilance of the enemy.

South of the river it is imperative for me to have a force, and I have none to place there. I received information from abroad that the pressure upon the Northern Government to stop this port and take it is enormous. They think there that starvation must do its work upon us with the want of supplies. I want to leave nothing to chance or to the neglect of the enemy, and therefore wish to be in condition to prevent a foothold being obtained by which either the rail-ways could be cut or my harbor defenses turned before I could interpose effectual resistance. A brigade was place at my disposal before the New Berne expedition. I now again most earnestly request its immediate presence here as indispensable, referring at the same time to many previous letters explaining the necessity for its presence.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[First-indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 15, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

There are three brigades at Weldon and Kinston, but as a movement is in contemplation from those points, I question if either of these brigades can be spared for the within purpose at this time, and I know of no other troops that could be sent to General Whiting, whose effective force, by his last return, dated January 31, 1864, was 5,430; aggregate present, 6,181. The last return of Department of North Carolina, under General Pickett, December 31, 1863, shows effective force, 10,931; aggregate present, 13,239. Since this return he has sent to this city one brigade (Barton's).

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

