HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BATTALION,February 13, 1864.

General W. N. PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your valued note of the 11th instant.

My batteries are located as follows, vi: Fraser's battery, three guns, at Somerville Ford; Manly's battery, four guns, at Raccoon Ford; McCarthy's battery, four guns, at Morton's Ford; Carlton's battery, three guns, in reserve near the intersection of the roads leading to Raccoon and Morton's Fords, and equidistant from each. My headquarters are in a pine thicket adjacent to Captain Carlton's battery, and are a few hundred yards from General Rodes' old headquarters. The men are in good huts, the horses under good shelter. The horses are faring well. Scarcely any sickness of any kind in camp.

I sent a requisition for horses early this month to General Lee's headquarters; unfortunately, it has not been supplied. Yesterday I received information that a Napoleon gun had arrived at Orange Court-House, intended for Captain Carlton's battery. It would not be prudent to bring it here at present (though much needed) from the want of horses. I would be glad if you would write to Major Harman and urge him to supply be glad if you would write to Major Harman and urge him to supply us with horses immediately. It is bad policy to keep condemned horses here in front. The corn at first sent us was worm-eaten or rotten, and produced scurvy in the horses. Unfortunately, notwithstanding every care, 12 horses died. the forage is now sufficient, and of good quality.

Captain Fraser's battery requires another gun. After the Thursday's fight at Gettysburg, this battery having lost 2 officers wounded and a very large number of men and horses, it was thought advisable to turn over one of these guns to the quartermaster to be transported. it was sent to Staunton. The gun was a 3-inch rifled gun. I have written to Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin, chief of ordnance, on the subject, asking a return of the gun. The gun will require horses and harness. There cannot be a more meritorious case.

I have written to you in regard to the promotion of First Lieutenant Morgan Callaway. It would be a great misfortune to lose him from the battery, and remaining with it he ought to be promoted. I would be very glad if you would give the subject your immediate attention. If he cannot be commissioned as captain of the battery, cannot he be commissioned as captain of artillery, and assigned to the command of this battery?

You ask me if I "need any more guns. " Captain Manly and Carlton's batteries are both large enough for six-gun batteries. If the guns and horses can be supplied, I would like them to be restored to their former position as six-gun batteries.

The attack of the enemy was by no means "a small affair. " I have no doubt that they acted upon reports of the weakness of our forces and our supposed want of vigilance. Nearly all the pickets were taken prisoners. The preservation of the line and the consequent repulse of the enemy are unquestionably due to that portion of your artillery now with Lieutenant-General Ewell's corps. The repulse was complete and the casualties small simply because of the promptness, courage, and energy of these batteries. But for them, instead of being characterized as a small affair, it would have been

74 R R-VOL XXXIII

