
one of the most disastrous affairs of the war. At the same time it is proper to state that General ewell appeared on the field with the greatest alacrity, exerted himself in bringing up the infantry promptly, and all his arrangements reflected great credit upon him, and the results show that the tactics, generalship, and admirable discipline of the army are so much improved as to overcome the disadvantages of unavoidable surprises.

If young Saunders is under eighteen he can be received into the First Howitzers; if older, perhaps an arrangement can be made for bringing him into the company by exchange. Let him apply at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. CABELL,

Colonel of Artillery.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 13, 1864.

Major General W. HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to General Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, a copy of which is inclosed. *

Nothing could give a more certain promise of the final, the speedy success of our cause and the independence of our country than the movement inaugurated by the men of our armies, declaring to our enemies that the spirit of resistance to tyranny is as strong, nay, stronger, in our hearts to-day than when we first took up arms to resist invasion, and depriving them of their last hope and argument that disorganization and disaffection in our armies would give us over to them an easy prey. I well know that the patriotic spirit of the cavalry is not inferior to that of any portion of our army.

The veterans of so many hard-fought fields, men whose sacrifices for their country's sake have been so great, cannot at this hour be cold or listless. I only ask for an expression of those noble sentiments that the grand acclaim now re-echoed from regiment to regiment, from corps, from the army of the East to the army of the West, may meet with a response from the men of your command. The men of Hampton's division, representing in States almost the races in arms in this swelling chorus, and go in for the war. Lomax's brigade, of Lee's division, has re-enlisted for the war; the Seventh and Eleventh Regiments, Rosser's brigade, of your command, have done the same, and I feel assured the rest of your gallant division will soon follow the example.

Very respectfully,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., February 13, 1864.

Major General J. A. EARLY:

DEAR GENERAL: You have my sincere thanks for the prompt and satisfactory reply to my communication to the commanding general up the valley (being ignorant at the time whether it was yourself or General Imboden).

---------------

*See p. 1144.

---------------

