
The sentence relating to the ground of Dooly's arrest was communicated to General [Colonel] Rodgers, from whom I received last evening the inclosed reply. He handed it to me in person, having come up with the troops, which seem to be now about returning. After reading the letter, I said to him that it was impossible for either Dr. Boyd or myself to certify anything in the matter of our own knowledge; for instance, the genuineness of the paper from General Sullivan. He said, "That is not required; we know the paper is not genuine. General Sullivan has only been in command since October, and says that he has never given such a paper or employed Dooly in any way. " I remarked that why he (Dooly) should then have such a paper-forged-about his person was to my mind utterly inexplicable. He asserted, adding that the fact of Dooly's having such a paper in his possession would entirely change our (their) relations toward him; they only wanted to ascertain that fact. I said that my inference from your letter was that you had seen the papers. He said they did not so understand it; that your certificate would of curse be satisfactory. I then promised to procure, as soon as practicable, a copy of the paper, and such evidence as we might that the same was actually taken from the person of Dooly, or so acknowledged by him.

In the course of the conversation, upon my remark that it was notorious here whilst Milroy was in command that Dooly was in his employ, Colonel Rodgers said that Milory had been in martinsburg lately, and expressly denied the fact. You may gather from the foregoing what is required from us, and with the concurrence of Dr. Boyd (who is now with me) I must beg leave to impose upon you the trouble to have it furnished, as we have difficulty in communicating directly with Richmond, and the necessary evidence is probably most accessible to you. A certificate from Major Gilmor or yourself that the paper (of which a correct copy would be annexed) was actually found upon D. 's person, or so admitted, at the time of the capture would suffice.

Very truly and respectfully, yours, &amp;c.:

ROB. Y CONRAD.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, February 12, 1864.

ROBERT Y. CONRAD, Esq.,

Winchester, Va.:

SIR: I have to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo containing an extract of a letter from General Early, in which he states that unquestionable evidence of the fact of Mr. William Dooly being in the secret service of the United States was found on his person, consisting of the following papers: "Authority from General Sullivan to pass through the lines on secrete service," &c. I have submitted your letter to Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding this division, and he instructs me to say to you that if you produce a copy of the said authority for secret service, certified to by yourself and Dr. Boyd, or either of you, you will both be released from your patrols.

ROBT. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

