HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, February 15, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: There is one thing in connection with my request, often urged lately, for another brigade at this place which is very important; that is, the rapidly deteriorating condition of our transportation. To move troops now to my aid, if attacked, required now twice the time it did one year ago, when I was threatened by Foster's expedition from Beaufort, and three times as long as was needed in the beginning of the war. Twenty-four hours at any time suffices to put the enemy in front of me by sea. As to land, my column from this place captured the enemy's position at Sheppardsville, 110 miles from here, qui distant with New Berne, crossing two rivers on the forth day of their march. It is reasonable to suppose the enemy can move by land as fast as we can. Last year, when 5,000 men were sent me from General Beauregard, they were one week in arriving from Charleston, 200 miles by railroad. Wilmington was saved they by the diversion of the enemy's attack to Charleston, due altogether to the feeling produced by Flag-Officer Ingraham's attack on the enemy's squadron off Charleston, their expedition, as is now well ascertained, having been intended for this place. In our present condition, the length of time taken to concentrate at Goldsborough for the late expedition shows, I think, conclusively that we ought not to trust entirely to our ability to relieve this place by railroad in case of emergency. It must be recollected further that this place has now become the great cotton depot and the entre pot for a very large part of the supplies of the Army of Virginia. In case of emergency, the, all transportation but that of troops must cease, which will greatly embarrass the situation. This, added to the fact that re-enforcements can hardly arrive in time, and that my force is entirely inadequate to hold the enemy at bay, is surely a strong reason for placing beforehand a brigade at my disposal. I will not discuss the vast importance of this command; every one is aware of that. The single brigade asked for now is very far short of the forces which will be required, and that, indeed, together with the one now here, will make a less force than what I have always considered necessary as a permanent garrison for so vital a point as this. Will you be good enough to lay these considerations, which I do not think have been heretofore urged, especially the matter of transportation, before the President?

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 19, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War, in connection with the one I submitted two days since from the same source.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 21, 1864.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Note General Whiting's remarks about transportation. Are there no means of remedying these delays?

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

