
[Third indorsement.]

RAILROAD BUREAU,

Richmond, February 24, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Quartermaster-General.

The only remedy that suggests itself for these delays is increasing the rolling-stock. This can be done if a full force of mechanics are detailed from the Army to put the Petersburg iron-works up to their full capacity for production. It can also be largely benefitted by more liberal details from the Army for service int he railroad machine shops, who could repair cars and engines now broken down.

F. W. SIMS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

[Fourth indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

February 29, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the honorable Secretary of War, whose attention is invited to the views of Colonel Sims, which are approved.

The delays in transportation are caused, first, by the deterioration of rolling-stock; second, by the fact that corn is now brought from Georgia to Virginia to support the armies here (which was not the case last year); and, third, by the frequent interference of commanding officers with our limited and overburdened transportation. The remedy for the first and last mentioned difficulties lies with the Secretary of War. As suggested by Colonel Sims, the second must continue, but will be greatly alleviated by removing the first and third.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Recommend the details necessary for the Petersburg railroad shops.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

[Numbers 20.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Virginia troops stationed at Drewry's Bluff.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the communication of Major Francis W. Smith, commanding a battalion of Virginia artillery, stationed at Drewry's Bluff, composed of United Artillery, Captain Thomas Kevill; Johnston Artillery, Captain B. J. Epes; Neblett Artillery, Captain W. G. coleman, and Southside Artillery, Captain J. W. Drewry, announcing their voluntary re-enlistment for the war, is hailed with pleasure by Congress, as an evidence of unfaltering devotion to the cause of liberty and independence, and of stern determination to resist to the utmost the wicked purposes of a relentless and merciless foe.

Resolved, That the ranks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to the officers and men of this command for their gallant and patriotic conduct "in unanimously re-enlisting for the war under such regulations as Congress may prescribe. "

Approved February 15, 1864.

