
[Numbers 28.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the officers and men of the Seventh and Twelfth Regiments of Virginia Troops.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks are due, and are hereby heartily tendered, to the Seventh and Twelfth Regiments Virginia Cavalry for the patriotic and indomitable spirit they have displayed in so promptly re-enlisting for the war, and that they have entitled themselves to the lasting gratitude of their country in thus renewing their vows of consecration to the sacred cause of Southern independence.

Approved February 15, 1864.

[Numbers 29.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the officers and men of Lomax's brigade.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of the Congress are due, and are hereby cordially tendered, to the gallant troops of Lomax's cavalry brigade for their patriotic example in re-enlisting for the war, and that the lofty and determined spirit they have displayed in thus dedicating themselves afresh tot he cause of independence will entitle them to the lasting gratitude of their country.

Approved February 15, 1864.

[Numbers 31.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to certain Virginia regiments who have re-enlisted for the war.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to the officers and men of the Sixty-first Virginia Regiment of Infantry and the Fifth Virginia Regiment of Cavalry for having patriotically, and in a spirit of self-sacrificing devotion, re-enlisted for the war.

SEC. 2. Resolved, That a record of these proceedings be forthwith furnished to the troops composing the above-named regiments.

Approved February 15, 1864.

[Numbers 33.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the Fifteenth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Regiments of North Carolina Troops for their patriotic devotion in re-enlisting for the war.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are tendered to the Fifteenth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirteenth Regiments of North Carolina Troops for their patriotic devotion to our cause in re-enlisting for the war.

Approved February 15, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 16, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: The vital importance of the subject of food for the Army and my own anxiety induce me to trouble you with a reputation of a suggestion I made some time since, but about which I have not been favored with the views of the Department. I fear that the discipline

