
of North Carolina Troops, Cooke's brigade, is a grateful testimony of devotion to the great cause of Southern independence, and entitles them to the thanks of Congress and the country.

Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are hereby tendered to the officers and men of said regiments for their noble and patriotic conduct in re-enlisting for the war.

Approved February 16, 1864.

[Numbers 36.]-JOIN RESOLUTION of thanks to the Ninth Alabama Regiment.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That Congress hails with delight the manifestations evinced by the brave and gallant officers and privates of the Ninth Regiment Alabama Volunteers, who have stood under the fire of the enemy for nearly three years, never to yield to Northern oppression, and for this act of patriotism and exalted self-sacrifice in re-enlisting for the war the thanks of Congress and the country are eminently due them. That the example of those brave men who have endured the dangers and perils of the war since its commencement is a happy omen for the future, and should encourage Congress and the country to rest with an abiding hope and confidence in the success of our arms and the final triumph of liberty, under the lead of those brave and unconquerable spirits.

Approved February 16, 1864.

[FEBRUARY 17, 1864. -For Lee to Longstreet, relating to operations in East Tennessee and Kentucky, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXII, Part II, p. 760.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,February 17, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you a brief statement of certain facts concerning our horse infirmary and horse supply department, ascertained in a visit I have just made to Lynchburg, the headquarters of that department, and through conference with Major Paxton, who has charge of that important branch of service.

First. I was sorry to find that disease exists quite extensively at the several groups of stables from Lynchburg to the North Carolina line. Cases of the disease I saw in several stages, some just proving fatal, some mildly in progress, some almost recovered from. The judgment of Major Paxton and attendants is, that horses in good condition when attacked generally recover without much reduction, while those that take the disease when feeble often die. Of the 3,000 in stable, 600 or 700 have died. Great care seems taken to guard against the spreading of the disorder, and good hope may be entertained of checking it. But I think the very best veterinary skill in the country ought to be secured as soon as possible, to guard against a great mischief in this important interest.

Second. The system pursued by Major Paxton in parceling, protecting foraging, and improving his animals seems very good. He

