
has really accomplished wonders in a limited time, and will, I hope, successfully deal with the many difficulties inherent in such a charge, and greatly aggravated by the circumstances of our position.

Third. In the operation of securing new horses he is also, I think, acting with energy and judgment. He has no doubt of being able tolerably early in the spring to furnish us all the artillery horses we may then need, and keep up a reasonable supply. But the just apportionment of this drain of animals from the counties, and the procurement of them so as not to weaken agricultural force nor dissatisfy the people, requires great care and much time.

Fourth. The question when animals should be in readiness to be called for and used he might therefore well have such intimation upon as may be deemed prudent. He mentioned to me that Major Johnston had indicated 1,500 as likely to be needed by 1st March, but that with the disease existing he does not consider it possible to have so many fit for service this early. My own judgment is that we had better no draw not the artillery horses we shall need until the season approaches for active operations.

Fifth. The chief difficulty he apprehends is not as to a supply of the 1,000 or of artillery horses we shall want, but respecting animals for transportation. He seems familiar with the statistic of mules in the different States, and considers it important to be authorized to have access with his experienced agents to Mississippi, &amp;c. His brother, who is charged there with duties similar to his own here, has not, he believes, such experience of the difficulties involved as to enable him to obtain in time all that will be needed; and besides, while Virginia has been so greatly reduced in number of mules, great numbers have been run from Tennessee into portions of Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia, and it is alike just and wise that some of our needs be thence supplied. If you approved of this, a word from yourself to Major Cole in Richmond might be of value. My own views I will communicate to him immediately on these several points.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, February 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel A. H. Cole for his information.

I had previously directed that neither horses nor mules be brought forward before active operations became imminent. The suggestion of getting mules from the south is good.

R. E. LEE.

[Numbers 38.]-JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to the officers and men of Poague's artillery battalion for re-enlisting during the war.

Whereas Poague's artillery battalion, Third Army Corps, Northern Virginia, has patriotically re-enlisted to serve during the war: Therefore,Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress and of the country are due, and are hereby tendered, to the officers and men of said battalion for this act of noble and patriotic devotion to the cause in which we are engaged.

Approved February 17, 1864.

