
of the want of co-operation on the part of General Barton. I think such an investigation is due to that officer and to the country. I am glad that the forces under your immediate command accomplished their work so handsomely and with such good results.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Ajdt. and Insp. General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have received from Major-General Pickett a copy of the report of his late operations near New Berne, forwarded by him to the Department. In this report he asks an investigation of the want of co-operation on the party of General Barton. He expresses the opinion that General Barton should have advanced at the same time with the forces under Generals Hoke and Corse. I would respectfully suggest that the investigation be ordered at once, as it is due to General Barton and to the country.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[First indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 20, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

Perhaps it is due to General Barton, under the circumstances, that he should have the benefit of a court of inquiry.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 22, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

I had expected to await General Barton's report, but as it has not come in, order the court of inquiry, as recommended.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 18, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am much concerned at the number of desertions that have occurred in the Louisiana brigade, Johnson's division, of this army. They began before the last movement of the enemy across the Rappahannock. I have conversed with General Ewell and General Johnson on the subject, and no cause for it is known. The men desert while on picket, and are supposed to join the enemy. The reports of the last cases are inclosed. * Every attention is given to the wants of the men and every effort made to supply them with food and clothing.

The Louisiana brigade in which this evil exists is commanded by General Stafford. He is now absent on leave, having gone to Richmond

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

