
to have an operation performed, when he obtained a furlough for sixty days. I am anxious for his return, hoping it may produce some change in the disposition of his men. His leave of absence will expire about the 1st of March, but if he is in the vicinity of Richmond, I should like him to return at once.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,Louisa Court-House, February 18, 1864.

Major A. H. COLE,

Superintendent of Transportation, &amp;c., Richmond:

MAJOR: I find it likely to promote the interests of the service for me to communicate to you some news derived from my recent examination of Major Paxton's arrangements at Lynchburg, and confederence with him respecting our prospects with regard to artillery arrivals.

First. You are already aware of the serious extent to which disease is affecting the animals under Major Paxton's care. I was sorry to learn from him that out of some 3,000 he had lost 600 or 700. I saw specimens of those diseased in the stables near Lynchburg, in several stages, some just dying, some still feeble but getting better, and some said to have been seriously sick but now nearly, if not quite, well. Major Paxton and the attendants consider that horses in good condition when attacked generally get well, while those previously reduced are very apt to die. These facts indicate that the disease is not in all cases glanders, if in any. Great care is taken to remove all animals affected as soon as suspicion is excited, and by cleansing, fumigating, &c., to prevent the spread of the disease. I think it all-important, however, that the best veterinary skill be secured as soon as possible, or we may suffer incalculable mischief. It is believed by the battalion commanders, where ravages of the same disease have been experienced, that it was introduced among them by horses brought to them from the supply stables. It may thus be diffused through the army and cripple us for active operations. The most through remedial measures cannot therefore be taken too soon.

Second. Major Paxton's general arrangements struck me as very good, alike in regard to his system of accommodation, his measures for foraging, and his plan for obtaining new animals. Judgment nd energy seem to characterize his proceedings. Much has certainly been accomplished, for the time, and he is likely to achieve all that can, under the circumstances, be done. I found him well posted as to the statistics of the country in his line, and laborious in exacting duty from others while discharging his own.

Third. He has good hope of meeting, at an early day, or needs in artillery horses. He thinks he can furnish by April, certainly by may, all we may require. He does not think he could have ready for service by 1st march the 1,500 animals Major Johnston informed him he must have prepared by that date. The operation of purchasing is necessarily slow, because the impressment must be so conducted as not to dissatisfy the people under the smart of injustice, nor to impair the agricultural force of the country. His views and efforts in this matter seem to me satisfactory.

