
Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General John C. Caldwell, U. S. Army, commanding Second Army Corps and First Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Stringfellow's House at Morton's Ford, Feb. 6, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have crossed two brigades at Morton's Ford with but little opposition, capturing 26 men and 2 officers, without losing a man; prisoners from Stonewall's old brigade; they report that there are but two brigades within 2 miles. The enemy is firing from three guns. I have not yet replied with my artillery, distance being too great. My skirmish line is within 800 to 1,000 yards of their rifle-pits, which appear to be manned. They are now showing more artillery, probably ten guns. I am now sending across another brigade. I do not purpose to advance without further orders or until the arrival of General Warren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Corps.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Morton's Ford, February 6, 1864-2. 15 p. m.

GENERAL: I sent a staff officer to General Newton, to inform him that I had crossed a division and to learn his movements. He informs me that General Newton is putting his men in position 1 1/2 miles from Raccoon Ford, and that he has made no further demonstration and did not intend attempting to ford until he had more accurate information of the force in his front. The enemy is rapidly re-enforcing his line in my front. I have now a division across the river about half a mile from the ford. The ford is very difficult. If it rains it will be necessary either to lay a bridge or to withdraw my troops this side the river. I respectfully ask instructions how to proceed. I have heard no firing except in my front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. CALDWELL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

General HUMPHREYS.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the 6th of 7th of February last:

In obedience to orders from headquarters Second Corps, my division moved toward Morton's Ford at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 6th. When within 1 mile of the ford I was informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, assistant adjutant-general of the corps, that Major-General Warren was unable to leave his quarters on account of sick-

