
President. He will be absent several days. He directs me to say that General Chilton will remain here in the office, and is instructed to consult with you on all matters of importance connected with the army. Should it become necessary, General Lee desires you either to move up to Orange Court-House or to move the office to your quarters, as you may think proper.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. VENABLE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 22, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Although I know you are anxious to secure the promotion of our many meritorious artillery officers I regret, as I do, the obstacles that have hitherto hindered favorable action upon the recommendations in their behalf. I deem it my duty to submit for your consideration some additional facts recently brought to my notice.

First. Some of the best officers in this corps, finding how extremely difficult it is to rise in it at all in proportion to service and merit, are making arrangements for more promising positions in other arms; nor can this be wondered at or even object to as unpatriotic. Men the most devoted must be expected to value rank alike, as an evidence that their services are appreciated, and as an important condition toward more extended service. No man of merit ever disregards the question of promotion, and much as officers may be willing to sacrifice in times like these, they cannot ignore so universal and powerful a sentiment as that associated with martial honor.

Second. Even those officers who have no idea of seeking other service, and whose simple sense of duty will keep them steadfast unto the end, in spite of disproportionate reward, are compelled to consider themselves and their commands regarded with less than justice, and after all that can be allowed for high principle we must conclude that it is not in human nature not to be more or less disturbed by such a reflection, nor can such disturbance be without its injurious effects upon the public service.

Third. In addition to these considerations, the fact is worthy of particular attention that a number of the battalions have with them only one field officer, so that in contingencies frequently occurring the senior captain, not always well qualified for the charge, has to command a battalion, serious as are the responsibilities belonging to the position. It is certainly important that this difficulty be corrected before the next active campaign.

You will I know appreciate the case, and again ask fro such action on the part of the President and the Secretary as may be practicable toward remedying the evil indicated.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

