HEADQUARTERS NORTHWEST BRIGADE,Near Bridgewater, February 26, 1864.

Major General J. A. EARLY,

Commanding Valley District:

Your note containing dispatch from Major Gilmor has been received. I will send a courier to McNeill at once, as directed. I have two companies several miles below McNeill's camp, on the South Fork, in the upper end of Hardy, who have been there over two weeks, guarding all the roads in that quarter, and especially watching the Brock's Gap and Dry River gaps, on the west side of Shenandoah. They frequently scout to Moorefield and Petersburg. A courier arrived night before last from their camp with dispatches, reporting all quiet in Hardy. I also have Captain Stump and over 50 men scouting in the upper end of Hampshire, on Big Cacapon, North River, and Lost River. These scouts will report any such movement as Major Gilmor mentions in ample time to provide against it.

I don't believe Averell has gone to Petersburg. The enemy has two regiments of infantry at work fortifying at Burlington, which I believe hereafter will be their most advanced position. I will send you promptly any information indicating a move this way by Averell. My information from Burlington, Petersburg, &amp;c., is up to last Friday evening. The enemy has only had two small scouts as far as Moorefield since you left there. Lieutenant-Colonel Lang had a skirmish with and dispersed about 70 "swamps" on Seneca last week, with part of the Sixty-second Regiment, sent out from Mount Crawford.

Yours, respectfully,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG,

February 26, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

Following telegram just received from Lieutenant Colonel A. Herbert, at Lexington, N. C.:

Has been no mob at this place, nor is there any likelihood of there being any, from what I can see and learn. On the 5th some women robbed Government depot, some 20 miles from here, and on the 18th a similar robbery was committed by women at Government mills, near the point of the first robbery. These women are supposed to have been encouraged by deserters and disloyal men. What shall I do?

A squadron of cavalry would as well or better than 1,000 infantry.

A. HERBERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventeenth Virginia Infantry.

Colonel Herbert has been ordered to return, leaving two companies at that point.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

