
or I would have camped for the night somewhere and renewed the attack this morning; besides, I had no forage with me for so long a stay. The enemy foraged very close, carrying off everything in the way of forage. After I had been in Winchester about an hour, and had started about 2 miles toward Newtown, Captain Johnson, of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, from Martinsburg, reported to me with about 100 men. I sent them back to Bunker Hill on my return to Winchester. I am led to believe that there has never been a larger force than about 800 in or about Winchester within the last week.

Believing that the object of the reconnaissance was fully accomplished, I respectfully submit this report.

I am, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BOYD,

Colonel Twenty-first Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 6, 1864. - Affair at Flint Hill, VA.

Report of Colonel Charles M. Alexander, Second District of Columbia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,January 7, 1864.

The cavalry pickets at Flint Hill were attacked last night by a dismounted party of 15 men, who fired about 30 shots, without doing any damage. The pickets fell back and the attacking party retreated. A company of cavalry was sent out, but failed to intercept them. All quiet to-night.

C. M. ALEXANDER.

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of Washington.

JANUARY 7, 1864. - Skirmish at Warrenton, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army,

Numbers 2. - Major James W. Walsh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant G. S. Luttrell Ward, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Numbers 4. - Major John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion, including skirmish, January 10, at Loudoun Heights.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army,
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Warrenton, January 7, 1864.

A party of Mosby's men made an attack this morning on the pickets of the First Brigade, resulting in the wounding of 1 officer and 7

