
ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, March 2, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Just returned from Madison Court-House. Enemy (infantry and cavalry) recrossed Robertson River into Culpeper last night without injury.

R. E. LEE.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., March 2, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House, Va.:

General Hampton, with some 400 cavalry, attacked the larger portion of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be a brigade, last night about 7 miles from Richmond. The enemy were defeated, with the loss of some 75 prisoners and many horses, and fled toward Hanover Court-House. General Hampton, from the jaded condition of his horses and want of forage, was unable to follow.

Another body of cavalry, believed to be about five regiments, after being repulsed on the Westham road, retreated toward Hungary Station, and thence by the mountain road, apparently returning by the route they cane.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE VIRGINIA, March 2, 1864.

General E. JOHNSON:

GENERAL: I wish you to move with so much of your division as is not on picket toward the Wilderness. You can either take the turnpike or plank road. If the former, continue as far as its intersection with Wilderness Run; if the latter, to Wilderness Church, unless you hear of Kilpatrick returning to the Rapidan west of those points. The object is to endeavor to intercept him. Go as far as you conveniently can to-night. General Stuart, with Wickham's and Rosser's bridges, has gone down the plank road,and will be to-night at Parker's Store or Wilderness Church. He had directions to communicate with you, inform you of movements of enemy, &amp;c., and I wish you to conform to the information you receive or can obtain. Make arrangements for provision and forage, and you may take with you one or two batteries of Nelson's battalion. I will direct him to be ready, and will notify General Ewell. The pickets on the Rapidan have been instructed to keep you advised of any movement of enemy in that quarter, and General Ewell will be directed to support you if necessary. I have directed a company of couriers to report to you.

Let me know what road you take and where you will be to-night.

Very respectfully, &c.,R. E. LEE,

General.

