
have been almost wholly shield from the ravages and devastations that the enemy has committed in other sections of the country, and that our troops now hold all the territory they held when the undersigned entered on command, more than fifteen months since.

He earnestly hopes that under the guidance of the distinguished officer and statesman who this day enters on command in this department, and with the favor of the only Giver of Victory, they will perform their full share, and more, in bringing the unjust and savage for our subjugation,now waged against use, to a successful termination,and in establishing the independence of the Southern Confederacy.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 14. Dublin, March 5, 1864.

I. By direction of the President of the Confederate States the undersigned assumes command of this department.

In relieving his accomplished predecessor he hopes by the efforts of brave troops and a patriotic people to protect this important and beautiful portion of Virginia.

II. First. Lieutenant J. Cabell Breckinridge is announced as aide-de-camp in addition to the present staff, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, March 6, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I think it probable, from the information received from Colonel Jackson, at Warm Springs, that active operations in your department will commence on this end of your line. I was glad to know from your dispatch that you would be here during this week. I shall be glad to see you can properly come over, in order to have the benefit of your counsel and direction. It will also be a good time for you to become acquainted with the topography of the country. I have pretty minute and accurate maps of several of the counties in this immediate section, which will be of service to you. If you will the me know the day whom you expect to reach the county of Monroe I should be glad to ride over and meet you. Mr. Caperton, I believe, expects you to be his guest when you come on, and his house is only 15 miles from my headquarters. I should think, if the enemy intend and advance now in this direction, that they would be here in the course of four or five days.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

