
before the fact. Previous to committing the felonies they had taken as prisoners several officers at Frederick's Hall, and afterward Thomas A. Card, in this county, who were kept in custody by the Yankees, carried with them wherever they went, witnessed the burning, stealing negroes, &amp;c., and hanging the negro, made their escape when the Yankees were defeated in King and Queen, and then acted as guards in conveying the Yankee prisoners to Richmond, along with the negroes they had stolen in this county.

If complaint was made to me as a justice of this county by any of the injured persons or their agent, and being furnished with the names of the prisoners, I would not hesitate in issuing warrants for their apprehension,and I presume the Confederate authorities would yield the prisoners to undergo a trial before the court of this county.

I do not with you to consider this as addressed to you in your official character as Secretary of War, but as a countryman and acquaintance, who has been injured by the burning, and an old friend.

BENJ. ANDERSON.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 12, 1864.

Noted. Perhaps if punishment were duly administered it would not await the law's delay.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT, March 10, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Army of the Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I inclose copy of a dispatch* to General Rosser from one of his scouts, received last night, which coincide with reports sent to me by my own men. I have little or no doubt that we shall have a big raid here some time this month. I have sent 350 men to work on the line of fortifications in the mountain passes. I can't put up all those works in time to resist the next raid and at the same time keep an adequate force below Staunton. Would it not be well to notify General Breckinridge of these significant preparations of the enemy, and call upon him to pu up the works south of Millborough and require Colonel Jackson to do the work at Millborough? If Averell comes with 5,000 to 6,000 men and threatens two or three places at once, say Staunton, Lexington, and the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, we shall be sorely put to meet him unless these works are finished and other troops sent to the district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

