
dated the 8th instant, and respectfully request that instructions may be given to have the iron plates referred to transported to Kinston and Halifax at the earliest moment. The gun-boats at those points are completed with the exception of the iron plating, and the mechanics are delayed in their work waiting for it. The work upon these vessels has been delayed for months by the want of transportation, and now that they are very near completion I respectfully urge that no further delay on this account may be had, for unless completed at an early day the detention of the boat of Kinston by the fall of Neuse River will be disastrous and may cause her destruction. The subject is of so much importance that I suggest the detail by the Quartermaster-General of an officer specially charged with it.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

[First indorsement.]

MARCH 12, 1864.

Quartermaster-General, for inquiry and remarks.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 15, 1864.

Respectfully returned to honorable Secretary of War.

At present forage and food necessary for our armies in the field demand our entire transportation.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Third indorsement.]

Inform honorable Secretary.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

Extract from Flag Officer Lynch's letter of the 6th instant to Secretary of the Navy.

Fourteen car-loads of plate iron arrived last evening, and for a week state we have had two car-loads waiting transportation to Kinston and Halifax. The whole rolling capacity of the road, except passenger trains, has been monopolized by the army, and I fear the completion of the gun-boats at those places will be delayed. Besides my own occasional visits to the depot, a reliable officer is detailed to be there twice every day and apply for report the prospects of obtaining transportation. The rights of the Navy are not respected, its wants are utterly disregarded, and it is in the power of an acting assistant quartermaster to cause our transportation to be set aside at will. The importance of speedily completing the iron-clad on the Neuse and Roanoke does not seem to be comprehended.

