
have done no more to bring about a collision had he ordered his forces into one of my batteries for the purpose of preventing the Hansa from going to sea, and then pleaded the orders of the Secretary of the Navy, which might with equal propriety have been construed to that effect.

Having received the information of his seizure of the vessel from the port officer of the guard (who had in obedience to my orders gone on board the Hansa) I wrote note Numbers 4 to the naval commandant, requiring the marine guard to be immediately removed. This I sent by Assistant Adjutant-General Major James H. Hill. Captain Lynch refused to withdraw the guard, and refused also the request of my staff officer to put his answer in writing.

I might stop here, but it is necessary to add that I did not act, as I might justly have acted, and put a stop at once to this unlawful proceeding. I sent a dispatch to General Cooper reporting this conduct, and stating that, desirous of avoiding collision, I referred to the President and requested the removal of the naval commandant. The second in command of the naval forces, Captain Muse, was visiting me officially to communicate his orders at the time I wrote the dispatch. I read it to him and sent it off, at the same time assuring Captain Muse that as far as he was concerned there could be no change of a collision by me in the case. Captain Muse,in reply, stated that understanding I had already a guard on board the Hansa, and that I would not permit her to leave without the assent of the naval authorities, he would withdraw his guard at once. He then left, but very shortly returned with the information that Flat-Officer Lynch had given him orders not to do so. This in the presence of officers of my staff.

Early in the morning I ordered in a battalion from Martin's brigade to act as guards, and placing them to prevent communication temporarily between the fleet and the shore I sent the Cape Fear, C. S. steamer, of the Quartermaster's Department, with a guard on board, weighed the anchor of the Hansa, had her removed to the quartermaster's wharf and moored. There was no collision nor appearance of any,nor did any occur at all, though after all this the North Carolina and Yadkin were brought up and placed in a threatening position with all their boats.

It is to be remarked here, referring to the letter of Flag Officer Lynch (marked Numbers 3), that he states, "If the smoke-stack of the latter vessel (referring to the North Carolina) were in place she would have taken a convenient position instead of moving the Hansa. " It now appears, however, that though he left obliged on this account to seize the Hansa illegally and move her to the North Carolina he yet was able, when I had restored the Hansa to her proper position and control, to bring up the North Carolina, minus her smoke-stack, and place her apparently in a position to threaten me or to retake the ship. This is consistent, at any rate. As soon as the Cape Fear got under way to bring the Hansa from the position to which she had been taken by the naval commandant communication was restored. A guard was left on the Hansa sufficient to insure her safety and her owners were notified that she could not leave unless by the consent of the Navy agent, a telegram to that effect having been received after she was secured from the Secretary of War.

Late on the night of the 9th instant telegram Numbers 6 was received from General Cooper. No collision being anticipated or further trouble, the guard was withdrawn,and early the next morning, Commodore

