
Lynch having left, Commander Muse was again informed that the Hansa would not be permitted to sail unless with consent of the naval authorities.

I hope the above will fully satisfy the President as far as I am concerned. The correspondence referred to is forwarded herewith, which is all that relates to this particular affair. But that the President may be fully satisfied as to my course relative to the Navy, and co-operation with them as well in this matter, I respectfully refer to paper marked 7, which is a list showing dates of letters to Flag Officer Lynch since August last. These letters are all in the accompanying volume of the Official Record of the Department of Cape Fear. They are few in number, being only seventeen, and very brief. They are confined, with a very few exceptions, to answers to the flag officer's requests for assistance (invariably granted when in my power), and to one or two letters of suggestion as to the common good or common defense. I request, in order to a full understanding of my course, not only as connected with the present matter but heretofore, that these letters may be read and weighed. They need no comment from me, but they belong to the subject.

If I do not now bring forward the correspondence which occurred previous to last summer it is for the reason: First, that since June last, when Flag Officer Lynch had the assurance to report me to the War Department for discourtesy and breach of faith because I refused to let him have two Brooke guns destined for the defenses of the Cape Fear on the gun-boat Raleigh, and lent to me by the honorable Secretary of the Navy himself to be mounted in my batteries until the Raleigh should be ready to receive them, I have declined any communication with him the cases above mentioned excepted. He wanted to put the guns on Roanoke River. I refused. The Raleigh was not ready when he asked for them, not is she ready now. Second, because if I should find it necessary, which I do not expect, to put any more weight upon this officer as to his course while in the naval command of North Carolina, and as to his interference with me, for my own exculpation in this matter, the previous correspondence, which is all here, will form the subject of a separate communication.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 14, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

These are the two telegrams* which you expressed a desire to see on Saturday. The first relates to the first trip of the Alice, and was indorsed by the letter of the honorable Secretary of the Navy. The second was on the receipt from him of the telegram informing that General Whiting did not recognize the rights of the Navy. After the receipt by him of my second telegram, he gave notice to Mr. Peters of hsi readiness to co-operate and detained the Alice till a satisfactory arrangement was effected by Mr. Peters.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See inclosures A and B.

---------------

