
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

WILMINGTON, N. C., March 8, 1864.

General WHITING,

Wilmington:

SIR: Commodore Lynch has sent an order to the steamer Hansa to drop alongside the North Carolina. I have declined to do so, and beg that you will either allow the steamer to lie at a more accessible spot or take her under your charge until all troubles or question in suspense are settled.

I am, sir, yours, most respectfully,

TH. ANDREA.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, March 8, 1864.

Original letter, and first and only communication to me that the steamer was to be detained.

W. H. C. WHITTING,Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, March 8, 1864.

Flag Officer LYNCH,Commanding C. S. Naval Forces N. C., present Flag Officer:

I have just received the following communication from Mr. Andrea, agent for steamer Hansa:*

*		*		*		*		*		*

I respectfully refer this communication to your for explanation, taking for granted that there must be some misapprehension. In the mean time, without designing to prejudice this case, I have the honor to inform you that I will permit no interference with any vessel whatever in this department not belonging to the C. S. Navy by any authority but my own or by orders emanating from the War Department.

A guard is ordered upon the Hansa and no person will be permitted to approach her without proper authority.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

WILMINGTON, March 8, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your not respecting the Hansa. The order to me from the honorable Secretary of the Navy is not to allow the Hansa or the Alice to proceed to sea unless the agents or the owners of those vessels consent to take the quantity of cotton which the Navy Department claims the right to send. The agents of both vessels have been notified of my instructions. So long as the vessels were alongside the wharves I did not interfere with them, hoping to the last moment that matters might be adjusted;

---------------

*See inclosure Numbers 1.

---------------

