
but when one of them, with cargo on board, hauls out into the stream, and it is given out by those belonging to her that she is about to leave, it become my duty to obey the order I have received.

Commander Muse is ordered to keep the Hansa near the North Carolina, so as to prevent her slipping off. If the smoke-stack of position, instead of moving the Hansa.

Commander Muse is further ordered not to use force except in the last resort, but if it be necessary to enforce the order, to exercise all the means at his disposal. In this I will sustain him against any authority not paramount to that of the honorable Secretary of the Navy, and the only one I recognize as paramount thereto is that of His Excellency the President of the Confederate States.

In the hope that you will not bring on a collision between two branches of a profession which should ever act in harmony,

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. F. LYNCH,

Flag Officer.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, March 8, 1864.

Flag Officer LYNCH,Commanding C. S. Naval Forces N. C., present Flag Officer:

I have just received your note of this morning in reply to mine relative to the detention of the steamer Hansa. I am enter into no discussion upon this subject in reply at this time. My officer of the guard, Lieutenant Thomas, reports to me that a marine guard is now on board of the steamer Hansa. I have only to say respectfully that I require the marine guard to be withdrawn at once from the steamer Hansa. I request an immediate answer,if you please, by the barer, Major J. H. Hill, assistant adjutant-general.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CAPE NEAR, Wilmington, March 8, 1864.

As the bearer of this letter, I have to say that Captain Lynch would not give me a written to this letter, though the major-general commanding requested it.

Respectfully,JAMES H. HILL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CAPE FEAR, Wilmington, N. C., March 8, 1864.

Remarks of the major-general commanding the Department of the Cape Fear upon Captain Lynch's (C. S. Navy) letter of this date, herewith inclosed:

As to the first paragraph of Captain Lynch's note of 8th instant, in which he states that the order to him of the honorable Secretary of the Navy is "not to allow the Hansa or the Alice to proceed to see unless the agents of the owners of those vessels consent to take

