
Lastly, I have to say that this is by no means the first occasion of usurpation by Captain Lynch or of forbearance on my part. The correspondence between this officer and myself for more than a year I am willing to submit without comment. I have often thought it due to myself personally to report him and request his removal. I have been loth to do so from the regard and admiration I have ever felt for his branch of service, the Navy,with which I have been so much associated. It now, however, becomes my duty not only to myself but to the cause and to the country to report him.

I may say, if I have refrained heretofore, it has been because his course here had convinced me that with his opportunities, if he could do no good for his country's defense,he might perhaps do no harm. In May last he wrote me requesting that an appeal should be made to the President "before his small but resolute force should come into collision with my comparatively overwhelming one. " Captain Lynch is always ready for this kind of thing, but when a few days ago I suggested that the force at his disposal might be useful relative to the late attempt to capture General Hebert in doing picket duty, instead of lying in perfect safety at the town and doing nothing, he answers me to the effect, as will be seen by his letter herewith forwarded, that he cannot rely upon his "small but resolute force" as against the enemy. This is at any rate in insult to his officers and men, for he has never tried them.

I have therefore respectfully, in the name of the country, the Navy, and of myself, as charged with the command and defense of this important place, to request that the President will remove this officer and place some one here who will at least attempt to aid me.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CAPE FEAR, Wilmington, March 2, 1864.

Flag Officer W. F. LYNCH,Commanding C. S. Naval Forces, N. C.:

FLAG OFFICER: Night before last a party of the enemy, in two small boats with muffled oars, rowed in between Fort Caswell and Bald Head and landed at the upper part of Smithville, conducted, evidently, by some one perfectly familiar with the localities. They went to the house occupied by General Hebert for his residence,and succeeded in capturing Captain Kelly,of his staff. A flag-of-truce boat appeared yesterday from the enemy, with which I permitted communication. It was learned that the party was commanded by a Lieutenant Jones,* of the U. S. Navy, and that their object was the capture of General Hebert. A few days since a party of 6 men, belonging to the Tenth North Carolina Battalion, were ordered, about sundown,to take a boat in which some of the

---------------

*Not on original by General Whiting:

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, March 8, 1864.

Lieutenant-Commander Cushing [was] for some time with Captain Maffitt on the coast in Wilmington, in 1855 and 1856. Lieutenant Jones accompanied him. Cushing knew the boat pass by the east and of Battery Island to Smithville, which could only be known by a pilot or a coast-survey man.

W. H. C. W.

---------------

