
Page 191. In reply to request not to interfere with the Confederate States steamer Yadkin, February 14.

Page 205. To Captain Muse, asking for boats, February 24.

Page 208. Account of attack on General Hebert, and asking that Navy shall assist in placing guard-boats, March 2.

Page 209. Calling attention to sale of goods from steamer Advance, and offering to reserve such as wanted by Navy, March 4.

Page 210. To Mr. Peters, Navy agent, detention of Alice.

Page 210. Naval commandant, informing the condition of Coquette.

Page 216. Naval commandant, answer to request of boats by Commander Muse, March 9.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Inclosure A. *]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 12, 1864.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

The Navy Department claims the right to one-third of cargo of Alice. I have no authority to allow privileges interfering with arrangements of that Department, the rights of which must be respected.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure B.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, March 5, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

I had authorized steamers, under arrangements with the State of South Carolina, to take out cotton for the State in lieu of that which they were to take for the Department. I have no reference to the engagements or obligations of vessels to take out cotton for the Navy. Mr. Mallory insists on his claim, and it must prevail. The regulations to be made by the President will, in a few days, settle the whole matter.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON'S DIVISION, Milford, March 14, 1864.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,Assistant Adjutant-General (through Major-General Stuart):

GENERAL: In a communication of the 11th instant Major-General Stuart informs me that "the commanding general has decided that it is inadmissible to station Young's (Butler's) brigade in the vicinity of Richmond," and he directs that this brigade be stationed somewhere on the lower Rappahannock. I must protest, most respectfully, against this location for this broken-down brigade, where they will have to be constantly on the alert to guard against attacks of the enemy,and where their only supply of forage will have to be obtained from the Northern Neck. This statement is

---------------

*To Seddon's indorsement, p. 1222.

---------------

