
made by Major Watie to General Young, and from all I can learn it is correct. As I regard the location selected by General [Lee?] unsuitable and dangerous, it is due to myself to declare that I cannot hold myself responsible either for the condition or safety of the brigade if it is placed there.

I beg to call the attention of the commanding general to the following telegraphic correspondence between Major-General Stuart and myself, which occurred to-day:

Should Butler report for duty he will be assigned to the two South Carolina regiments till a full South Carolina brigade is formed, and Young will take the legions, to which will be added a Georgia regiment.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

To this I replied:

I cannot consent to the division of Butler's brigade until the other regiments are brought on.

I have received no orders from competent authority to break up one of my brigades, and until such orders come I shall not divide Butler's brigade. I respectfully request the commanding general not to authorize any change in my command without at least consulting my wishes on the subject,

I am, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, March 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The reports from North Carolina are so threatening that I would advise Kemper's brigade be sent back immediately to Goldsborough, so as to be ready to re-enforce Kinston or Halifax.

GEO. E. PICKETT.

PETERSBURG, March 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The following dispatch just received from General Ransom:

Colonel Jones telegraphs that the enemy certainly intend moving in this direction. He say they have 1,200 cavalry and 6,000 infantry at Washington. I think they will attack Hallifax or Kinston, according to circumstances.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

ORANGE, March 14, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Scouts from Hampshire County report accumulation of enemy's cavalry and infantry at New Creek. Their information leads them to think a raid through western part of the State is contemplated. This agrees with what was yesterday sent you by mail.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

