
without delay to South Carolina and report to General Beauregard, commanding, for duty; the dismounted officers and men and the baggage by railroad, and the horses in charge of mounted detachment by highway.

XXIX. The Fourth South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Rutledge; the Fifth South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Dunovant; the Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Aiken; the Seventh Georgia Cavalry, Colonel White, and the three remaining companies of the Twentieth Georgia Battalion, Lieutenant-Colonel Millen,will at once proceed in light marching order by highway to the Army of Northern Virginia. The train now attached to each regiment and to the battalion will accompany them on the march, and will transport cooking utensils only. The baggage conformed to regulation will be transported by railroad.

XXX. The companies of South Carolina cavalry commanded by Captains Tucker, Wallace, Boykin, Trenholm, and Magee will be organized with the cavalry of the Holcombe Legion into a regiment to be known as the Seventh Regiment South Carolina Cavalry, and commanded by Colonel W. P. Shingler. The companies named will to this end proceed without delay by highway to Richmond, Va., in light marching order, and accompanied by sufficient transportation for the march. The baggage conformed to regulation will be transported by railroad.

XXXI. The Fourth, Fifth,and Sixth South Carolina Cavalry will, upon their arrival in the Army of Northern Virginia, be organized into a brigade, to take command of which Brigadier-General Butler will be assigned, and which will be attached to the division of Major-General Hampton.

XXXII. Major-General Hampton is charged with the prompt movement of the cavalry,as directed in the preceding paragraph.

XXXIII. The Hampton Legion Infantry, Colonel M. W. Gary, will move at once with its transportation and baggage from the Department of East Tennessee, via Asheville, N. C., to Greenville, S. C., from which point the officers and men will receive furloughs each of twenty days, for the purpose of procuring horses and mounting and equipping themselves for service as mounted infantry. Upon reassembling at Greenville the regiment will move promptly with its trains to Richmond, Va., for assignment to duty on the Peninsula.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers -. Kinston, N. C., March 18, 1864.

I. The special charge of the outposts and matters relating to blockade-runners, disloyal persons,&amp;c., is confided to Brigadier-General Hoke, to whom all reports and representation on the subject will be made. His decision in such cases will be considered final, unless he prefers to refer them to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Corse:

P. B. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

