
stores been moved within the same number of days by these roads. But like "forces marches" in an emergency, these results cannot be kept up permanently. Our efforts will not be relaxed, however, and I hope for better things in future. I will add that I received the first notice of subsistence stores being at Goldsborough awaiting transportation after your letter reached me, and they have now all come forward.

I take leave, general, to quote from your letter as follows:

I believe that our railroad transportation can be so managed as to bring all these supplies without delay, besides doing the other work required of them, and that all the difficulties can be overcome by attention, energy, and diligence on the part of the officer in charge of this transportation.

As this opinion differs from any I have received elsewhere, I would be truly pleased to have any suggestions which would tend to insure this result, and if there is an officer who can discharge, the duties with satisfaction, and with a fair prospect of accomplishing what you think quite possible, I beg that you will not hesitate to indicate him, that the assignment may be made. I beg you to remember, general, that up to this time last year not a car-load of corn nor subsistence stores had been brought points beyond Raleigh for your army. Now we are feeding the soldiers and horses of that army to a great extent from Georgia. If the supply of railroad transportation was even then found so deficient as to cause serious alarm to the Government, how can they now meet thee immensely increased demands "without delay besides doing the other work required of them?" Not a bat of railroad iron nor a single locomotive has been brought into the Confederacy during that time, nor has the call for transportation of troops, ordnance stores, &amp;c., been such as to diminish the "other work required of them. " I am willing to be stimulated to the discharge of my duty, general, and shall always be glad to know your wants and your views, but I beg you not to expect impossibilities. I admit that we have been able to accomplish so much now in the way of transportation and to sustain life with so much less in the way of food than we dreamed of three years since that my hopes are strong for the future. The arrivals at Richmond within the last week were such that you supplies for the present will only be limited by the capacity of the Central Railroad. One passenger train only each day is now permitted between Richmond and Augusta, Ga., and it is hoped that this arrangement will increase our supplies here.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

PETERSBURG, VA., March 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The following dispatch just received from Kinston, N. C.:

I have information that I feel bound to rely that the enemy were re-enforced at Washington up to Saturday with fourteen regiments of infantry, five batteries, and 500 cavalry. Three more regiments expected on Monday. Burnside said to be in command. We ought to have men here or at Greenville.

M. D. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

Whiting must send troops to me.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

