
PETERSBURG, March 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The following telegram just received from Weldon:

The following just received from Tarborough,from Captain G. H. Brown, assistant quartermaster"

"General Burnside, with re-enforcements, reached Washington, N. C., on Saturday. General Harland also there. I have information direct that they will make an advance at an early day; this is reliable. "

JNO. C. PEGRAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GEO. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., March 22, 1864.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

GENERAL: To man efficiently an at once the vessels of the Navy it has become necessary to transfer 1,200 men from the armies. To this end the honorable Secretary of the Navy has detailed officers, with instructions to proceed to the headquarters of each army for the purpose of selecting and designating the men to be so transfered. From you command 50 men will be designated, whom you are requested to transfer to the Navy, upon the written request of the naval officer sent to your command, and under his direction to send them to Wilmington, N. C. You will please forward a list of the men so transferred to this office without delay.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

(Copy sent to Secretary of the Navy.)

RICHMOND, VA., March 22, 1864.

Major General ARNOLD ELZEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: To man efficiently and at once the vessels of the Navy it has become necessary to transfer 1,200 men the armies. To this end the honorable Secretary of the Navy has detailed officers, with instructions to proceed to the headquarters of each army for the purpose of selecting and designating the men to be so transfered. From your command,including the brigades of Hunton and Barton, 100 men upon the written request of the naval officers sent to your command, under his direction to send them to Richmond. You will please forward a list of the men so transferred to this office without delay.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

(Copy sent to Secretary of the Navy.)

