
RICHMOND, VA., March 22, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: To man efficiently and at once the vessels of the Navy it has become necessary to transfer 1,200 men from the armies. To this end the honorable Secretary of the Navy has detailed officers, with instructions to proceed to the headquarters of each army for the purpose of selecting and designating the men to be so transferred. From your command not including Barton's and Hunton's brigades, 80 men will be designated, whom you are requested to transfer to the Navy, upon the written request of the naval officer sent to your command, and under his direction to send them to Halifax, N. C. You will please forward a list of the men so transferred to this office without delay.

By command of the Secretary of War:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

(Copy sent to Secretary of the Navy.)
HEADQUARTERS, March 23, 1864.

General JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,Commanding Army of Western Virginia:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 14th instant, and am very glad to find that you are earnestly at work in fortifying the approaches to the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad and the important points in your command. The farther these points are advanced the better, provided they cannot be turned and the garrisons cut off. The points named by you are well calculated for resistance to the enemy advancing on those roads, but I am not sufficiently acquainted with the country to judge whether they are best in a system of general defense for the concentration of troops for determined defense. This line, too, should be connected with that being fortified by General Imboden.

The enemy generally, in his advances in the country, threatens several sections and rapidly advances against one,and concentration of our troops can be made on a retired line. The longer, however, he can be held on an advanced line the more certainly can concentration be made to oppose him in the retired positions. It was with this object that the line through Jenning's and Buffalo Gaps, &c.,to Millborough was selected. General Earlys did not go much beyond the latter point, and merely indicated that the works should be continued to protect the important region westward. I hope the line you are fortifying will accomplish that object. In more than one instance Colonel W. L. Jackson has been obliged to retire before the approach of the enemy east of the Warm Springs Mountain, and as he is now located in that region I thought it would be advantageous for him to construct the works, if practicable, intended to intercept the advance of the enemy after crossing the ridge. I do not know where the line dividing the departments is situated. The forces watching the approaches to each operate at a distance from this line, and on an advance of the enemy against either necessarily co-operate. I have therefore considered the line between them imaginary.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

