HEADQUARTERS, Kinston, N. C., March 28, 1864.

Colonel J. N. WHINTFORD,Commanding Sixty-seventh North Carolina:

COLONEL: Your communication of this date conveying the agreeable information of the capture of a flat from the enemy is at hand. General Corse requests me to ask you to congratulate, the men engaged in the enterprise upon the happy accomplishment of their object and to return his thanks therefor. Such acts, while displaying gallantry, are calculated to annoy the enemy and protract their work, which is very desirable, and besides, inflict losses, which it should be our aim to do whenever it can be done. He will always be glad to hear of such affairs. Please keep us posted of any information you may receive, rumors as well.

I am,colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Warm Springs, Va., March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Scouts just in from Northwestern Virginia report ten regiments of the enemy at Clarksburg, and fortifying; three brigades in the Kanawha Valley, one company at Weston, four at Bulltown, and two regiments at Beverly, with artillery. I have not been able to ascertain the force at New Creek and other points. The enemy anticipate a movement on our part some time this spring,and many of our friends there send me word that another raid from Averell may be expected. My horses are not secure where I am feeding them hay; they will not be able for service until late in the spring, but I have no safe place to take them. Rockbridge and other counties seem to be in this department when the enemy advance, but entirely out side of it when forage and supplies are needed. Two weeks since a corps at least passed over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from Tennessee to Meade. No other news. The enemy will not advance on this line during this bad weather.

I am, general, very respectfully,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel.

COLUMBIA, March 29, 1864.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I find most of the cavalry so badly equipped here that there will be some delay in moving them. A very large proportion of the saddles have been condemned, and Captain Calhoun,of Rutledge's regiments, goes on to Richmond with a requisition for that regiment. I am preparing to concentrate the troops near here, so that they can march as soon as they can be prepared for the journey. I hope to move all, or most of them, by the 15th April. An effort is made in Charleston to keep Rutledge's regiment here, though Colonel R. himself is very anxious to go on. I hope you will enforce the

