
will be most acceptable to me. If he cannot he will be a hinderance. I request that you will see the Secretary of War on this subject at your earliest convenience, and ask his immediate consideration and action in this matter. General Grant is present with the Army of the Potomac. It is being reorganized and required; many additions are being daily made to it. The impression prevails that Grant will operate it. If, so he will concentrated a large force in Virginia on one or more lines, and we must put forth all our strength to oppose him. I shall want all the assistance I can get. There is no time to lose.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[First indorsement.]

APRIL 1, 1864.

The within has been submitted to me by Colonel Rives, and seems to require early attention. The engineer troops will be ordered and, with your approval,organized as recommended by General Lee. I venture to recommend that General Smith be ordered to General Lee's command, as suggested by him.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

Secretary of War's recommendation approved, and the necessary orders will be issued.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, March 30, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The lieutenant who was sent ten days ago in charge of a flag of truce, and to take a number of women and children through the lines, returned last night, after having gone within 2 miles of Beverly before coming to the pickets of the enemy. He reports at Beverly two regiments, the Twenty-eight Ohio and Tenth Virginia, with four pieces of artillery and a few companies of cavalry. He got Northern papers of 23rd instant, which state that Averell is very sick at Martinsburg, and not expected to recover. I will send you one of the papers if I can get one. The lieutenant represents a very great scarcity of forage on the route; nothing to be had anywhere along the line. I had four desertions from the Twenty-second Regiment night before last and one from the same regiment last night. Every effort will be made to capture them,but they are so perfectly acquainted with the country that it is very difficult to do. They were all, I believe, new men. We need one or two or more good examples in the way of punishment very badly.

I am, major, very respectfully,&amp;c.,

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

