
with the Eighty-second New York on our right and the Nineteenth Maine on our left.

About noon we marched toward the enemy in line by echelon, and halted quite near the river, and we, with the brigade, marched by the flank and crossed the river and formed line of battle immediately. I sent out one company as skirmishers to cover the front of the regiment. About 10 p. m., whole command, in connection with the remainder of the brigade, was sent to the front to relieve the line of skirmishers formed by the Third Division. The center of my command was in the rear and close to the house and outbuildings, a short distance to the right of the house occupied as General Hays' headquarters. These outbuildings were occupied by the enemy, as we found be received occasional shots from them. About 12 p. m., the larger part of the skirmishers were withdrawn and recrossed the river.

My whole command, except one company, was now on this side of the river, and we occupied the position held at sundown. About 2 a. m. the company left on the other side of the river was withdrawn and rejoined the regiment. We remained on the ground the remainder of the night and during the day of February 7. At dark we started on the march to camp, which we reached about 9 p. m. My whole command returned with me, not a man being wounded.

My whole command, with the exception of two men who did not cross the river with us, did all that could be expected of officers or men. The men are all in good condition and spirits.

I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. FLETCHER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel BAXTER,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Henry W. Hudson, Eighty-second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 82nd REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS.,Camp near Stevensburg, Va., February 8, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I most respectfully submit the following report of the part this regiment has taken in the recent operations on the Rapidan River:

On the morning of February 6, 1864, left camp near Stevensburg, in line with First Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps, and proceeded to Morton's Ford, arriving in vicinity of the ford about 11 a. m., forming in line of battle on the Raccoon Ford road, then marching en echelon by battalion toward and within 400 yards of the river, where we halted until about 5. 30 p. m., when we crossed the river and halted 40 paces in rear of the line of skirmishers of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Second Corps, deploying the right company as skirmishers, connecting the left to the right of the Fourth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Carroll's brigade, establishing the extreme right of the picket-line. At about 9 p. m. the remaining portion of my command was ordered to relieve the line of pickets in our front, which duty we performed, relieving the Fourth Ohio Volunteers, where we remained until about 12 p. m., when we withdrew the center of the line of pickets and recrossed the river, leaving Company

