
to me here, and in either event Averell might come over Sewell Mountain, and then turn to the south and cross Greenbriar at Alderson's Ferry and ford, or he might come from Fayette Court-House very soon, constructing a large raft at Bowyer's Ferry, and then crossing Keeny's Knobs, coming to Greenbriar River at a fine ford (Haynes' Ford), at either of which fords he would be only 15 miles from Union. He could thus pass directly through the county of Monroe point either in Roanoke or Montgomery, and he would be enabled to pass before either McCausland or I could reach him, because it could be so arranged that neither of us could know of his approach until he reached Greenbriar River, especially if a body of infantry was sent in front of him, a plan which he has before adopted. They know the location and strength of our different forces as well as we do; they know that there is a considerable force near the salt-works, and I suppose that they know that there is not much force at or near New River bridge, and it has been an earnest desire upon their part to destroy this bridge. I merely suggest this plan for your consideration, knowing that your knowledge of the country and judgment will enable you correctly to estimate the chances of its being taken or of its being successful if taken. I am more induced to call your attention to it because I had been thinking over it on yesterday, and this morning Colonel Patton, whose judgment is very good and also his knowledge of the country, came to my headquarters, and without any mention of it from me told me that he had come to the conclusion that this course would be taken. Excuse me for thus volunteering any suggestion on the subject.

Permit me to thank you for your kind expression of confidence in me. I assure you that my only desire is to do my duty faithfully to aid in the protection of the country and to deserve your confidence and good opinion. I have sometimes been afraid that you would think that I was too ready to complain of difficulties and not patient enough or self-reliant enough, but I trust that I shall do better in this regard. I know that one so far removed from headquarters or wise counselors, as I am here, is apt to think that he has rather more difficulties to overcome than any one else, but I assure you that this is not the case with me, but that I have fully appreciated and sympathized, with you in the great responsibilities and embarrassments which you have to encounter in the administration of this department under the present circumstances. I am impressing constantly upon all of the officers of my command the necessity of the strictest economy, and your suggestion as to forage had some time since been anticipated. The animals which are not being used are on grass and those that are being worked constantly have been for the last three weeks on half rations, barely enough to keep them up.

I am, general, most respectfully, and truly, yours,

JOHN ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Orange Court-House, April 2, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

MR. PRESIDENT: The weather of the past week has been unfavorable for observation of the enemy. The snow and swollen streams have prevented free movements of our scouts. One on North River,

