
ing the necessity of such details. As they could not be extended to meet every case, dissatisfaction would ensue and more suffering in the aggregate than now exists.

So also with regard to details on the ground that a family has contributed a number of its members to the service. The difficulty of laying down an uniform rule that would do justice and at the same time not be injurious to the service is very great. The husband of a helpless family, or a man whose only son is in the ranks, has as strong a claim as he has [who] sent two of them or one of two sons. yet it is plain that if the equal claims of all these persons be recognized our strength must be greatly impaired. If exceptions are made discontent must ensue. It seems to me that the necessities of our situation compel us to postpone these worthy claims to a more opportune time, and I respectfully suggest that they should only be regarded in those cases in which a detail is otherwise necessary. By selecting as the subjects of exemption and detail for service out of the army those persons whose situations entitle them to particular considerations it is possible to afford a measure of relief without such serious detriment to the service; but to grant exemptions and details merely on the ground of assisting a man's family, or because several members of it are or have been in the Army, will, I fear, be found to be attended with much difficulty and no little injury to the service.

I am confident that the discretion conferred by the law will be exercised with an eye single to the safety and good of the country, and have made these suggestions only as the result of my own experience and observation, with the hope that they may prove of use to you in the discharge of your delicate and onerous duties.

With great respect, your obedient servant.

R. E. LEE,

General.

HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

April 4, 1864

Brigadier General J. R. CHAMBLISS, JR.,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I wish you to bear in mind a few considerations for your government as the commander of the outposts on the lower Rappahannock. Keep out scouts who will be competent and certain of communicating to you any movement of a large body of infantry (which, of course, will be preceded by a large force of cavalry) down the Rappahannock on the north side, with the view to a change of base of extension of line to the Aquia Railroad. Endeavor to secure accurate information and telegraph it clearly, avoiding the possibility of ambiguity, for which telegrams are noted. It is very important also to state time and place of enemy's movement. should the enemy endeavor to cross the river anywhere in your front, it is desirable to prevent it; it is possible to delay it,and to the accomplishment of these alternatives, preferably the former, devote every effort, and if needed send for Hart's battery, near Milford. Bear in mind that your telegrams may make the whole army strike tents, and night or day, rain or shine, take up the line of march. Endeavor, therefore, to secure accurate information. Should the enemy cross at Ely's or Germanna you should move at once to meet him, feel his force, endeavor to penetrate his designs, and report back by telegram, giving his progress, and watch his direction

