
to go back with me. I do not care to have them mounted, as they can soon mount themselves in the lines of the enemy. I request that you will authorize this detail, with the consent of the colonels. The service of my old scouts is very important to me, and the number asked for will not impair the usefulness of the regiments here. Colonel Black has 730 men, and thinks he can mount all in twenty days. He has cheerfully given his consent to the detail, and I am sure Colonel Lipscomb will.

[First indorsement.]

Major MELTON:

Stop this interference of General Jordan with regard to transfers, and have the orders heretofore given carried strictly out in the name of the President. I am surprised to learn from this letter that General Hampton refers to the expiration of his leave. His leave has already expired by his assignment to this important duty, from which he cannot be separated until that duty is performed, when he will return to his former command. Let me have these papers after you have done with them, for submission to the President in the case of Colonel Jordan.

S. COOPER.

[Second indorsement.]

General COOPER:

A telegram has been sent to General H. as you direct. A letter to General Beauregard is inclosed, which please sign. It was prepared yesterday by me, and shown to the Secretary, who approved. If you desire it changed so as to read "By order of the President," I will do so. I am surprised at Hampton's recommendation of Trenholm. He has heretofore been very anxious for Haskell's promotion and does not know, probably, that this will conflict. The Legion is not in his command, however, and probably will not be.

MELTON.

[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, April 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: By Special Orders, Numbers 65, from War Department, I am charged with the prompt movement of the cavalry from this department to the Army of Northern Virginia. In accordance with these instructions to me, I have the honor to request that the general commanding will order the troops embraced in the order mentioned above to rendezvous at Columbia as soon as he can relieve them from duty in his department. The two companies of the Fifth Regiment now in North Carolina will be directed to move to Virginia by myself, as they have been ordered to report to me.

I am, very respectfully,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 5, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President Confederate States:

MR. PRESIDENT; All the information I received tends to show that the great effort of the enemy in this campaign will be made in Virginia. Nothing as yet has been discovered to develop their plan.

