
Re-enforcements are certainly daily arriving to the Army of the Potomac. I cannot ascertain whence they come. Information was received on the 2nd from two scouts, derived from citizens along the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, that the troops on the cars said they belonged to Grant's Army of the Tennessee. A resident of Culpeper stated that the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps had returned there. I telegraphed to Generals Johnston and Longstreet to know if they were still in the West. I inclose their answers. Both seem to think they are in their front, but preparing to leave. The tone of the Northern papers, as well as the impression prevailing in their armies, go to show that Grant with a large force is to move against Richmond. One of their correspondents at Harrisburg states, upon the occasion of the visit of Generals Burnside and Hancock, that it was certain that the former would go to North Carolina. They cannot collect the large force they mention for their operations against Richmond without reducing their other armies. This ought to be discovered and taken advantage of by our respective commanders. I infer from the information I receive that Longstreet's corps is in the vicinity of Abingdon and Bristol. It is therefore in position to be thrown west or east. Unless it is certain that it can be advantageously employed west for a speedy blow, I would recommend that it be returned to this army. The movements and reports of the enemy may be intended to misled us, and should therefore be carefully observed. But all the information that reaches me goes to strengthen the belief that General Grant is preparing to move against Richmond.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

BRISTOL, April 4, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House, Va.:

I doubt if there is a regular organization as the Eleventh Corps.

Fragments of the Fourth, Seventh, Eleventh, and the Fourteenth and Twenty-third Corps were at Knoxville and vicinity eight days ago. There are reports of movements going, on but are no confirmed. Citizens report the enemy preparing to leave East Tennessee.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

DALTON, April 4, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House, Va.:

Our scouts report Eleventh and Twelfth Corps opposite to us, but rumors that they are to go to Virginia. Some of their furloughed regiments are in the Northeast.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 5, 1864.

Honorable JAS. A. SEDDON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The approach of active operations, and the importance of having all the companies and regiments of this army properly and speedily officered, induces me to make a few suggestions on the sub-

