
Chief engineer and assistants, one 4-horse wagon.

Medical director and assistants, one 4-horse wagon.

II. Corps headquarters, two 4-horse wagons and one 6-horse wagon.

Division headquarters, two 4-horse wagons and one 6-horse wagon.

Brigade headquarters, one 4-horse wagon.

Military court, one 4-horse wagon.

The transportation for corps, division, and brigade headquarters includes the personal staff, engineer, signal corps, and medical officers, and other officers, of the general staff, except those hereinafter mentioned.

Chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistence of corps and assistants, one 4-horse wagon.

Chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistence of division and assistants, one 4-horse wagon.

Chief quartermaster, and chief commissary of subsistence of brigade and assistants one 4-horse wagon.

Regimental headquarters, including staff, surgeon, quartermaster, and commissary of subsistence, one 4-horse wagon.

Company officers of regiments, one 4-horse wagon.

Corps headquarters, for forage for animals, two 4-horse wagons.

Brigade headquarters, for forage for animals, three 4-horse wagons.

Corps provost guard, one 4-horse wagon.

Pioneer party and provost guard of division, one 4-horse wagon.

Each regiment not exceeding 500 men actually present, for cooking utensils, one 4-horse wagon.

Each division, for medical supplies, one 4-horse wagon.

Each brigade, for medical supplies, one 4-horse wagon.

To every 375 men, for ordnance supplies in brigade train, one 4-horse wagon.

To the same, for ordnance supplies in division train, one 4-horse wagon.

III. Headquarters chief of artillery of the army, including personal staff, quartermaster, commissary, medical officers, and other officers of general staff, one 4-horse wagon.

Headquarters, each artillery battalion, including quartermaster and surgeon, one 4-horse wagon.

Each artillery battalion, for medical supplies, one 2-horse wagon.

Company officers, each artillery battalion, one 4-horse wagon.

To every 500 men actually present, for cooking utensils, one 4-horse wagon.

Each battery of artillery, for forage and commissary supplies, two 4-horse wagons.

The general supply trains and transportation for blacksmith's tools, &amp;c., are not attached to any headquarters and forage wagons for detached trains will be assigned by the chief quartermaster of the army.

IV. The transportation will be the same for cavalry as for infantry, with the following exceptions, viz: For every 200 horses in each brigade, for forage, one 2-horse wagon.

Each squadron, for transportation of shoeing tools 1 pack-mule.

Each regiment, for transportation of ammunition, 1 pack-mule.

