
V. Not more than 1,800 pounds shall be taken in any wagon except in cases where the distance is short and the load constantly decreasing and no trunks will be allowed to be carried.

No unauthorized vehicles will be permitted to accompany the army.

VI. Baggage: Each general officer shall be allowed 60 pounds personal baggage. Each field officer shall be allowed 50 pounds personal baggage. All other officers shall be allowed 30 pounds personal baggage. The men will carry their baggage on their persons. Arrangements will be made by commanding officers fro the disposal and security of all surplus baggage of officers and men, which may be sent to Major W. T. Brintley, quartermaster, for safe keeping.

Tents: There shall be allowed to army headquarters two wall-tents and flies.

Inspector-general and assistants, one wall-tent and fly.

Chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistence, one wall-tent and fly.

Chief of ordnance and assistants, one wall-tent and fly.

Chief engineer and assistants, one wall-tenth and fly.

Medical director and assistants, one wall-tent and fly.

Lieutenant-general and staff, two wall-tents and flies.

Major-general and staff, two wall-tents and flies.

Brigadier-general and staff, one wall-tent and fly.

Regimental commander one wall-tent and fly.

Military court of each corps, one wall-tent and fly.

Corps quartermaster and commissary of subsistence, one wall-tent and fly.

Division quartermaster and commissary of subsistence, one wall-tent and fly.

Brigade quartermaster and commissary of subsistence, one wall-tent and fly.

Chief of artillery of army and staff, one wall-tent and fly.

Chief of artillery of corps and staff, one wall-tent and fly.

Commander of battalion of artillery, one wall-tent and fly.

Shelter-tents will be issued to the troops as far as practicable.

The chief quartermaster of the army is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 80. Richmond, April 5, 1864.

* * * *

V. Lieutenant Colonel James Dearing, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S. will proceed without delay to the headquarters Army of Northern Virginia and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, for assignment to duty with horse artillery of that army.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

