
The artillery that they have seen appears larger than ordinary. These men have been on opposite sides of the railroad, with no communication with each other. All quiet on the Potomac and at Aquia.

I think every preparation should be made to meet the approaching storm, which will apparently burst on Virginia, and unless its force can be diverted by an attack in the West, that troops should be collected to oppose it. I desire Hoke's and R. D. Johnston's brigades to be returned to me from North Carolina and Hanover Junction and all the recruits that can be obtained. Supplies of all kinds should be collected in Richmond or at points accessible to this army as rapidly as possible. With our present supplies on hand the interruption of the trains on the southern roads would cause the abandonment of Virginia.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 7, 1864.

General G. W. C. LEE,Aide-de-Camp:

GENERAL: I have received your letter of the 1st instant, accompanying copy of communication from Mr. W. Newton to His Excellency the President. I think the best thing we can do is to destroy the boats in the Saint Mary's River. That will dispose of the question. I am confident that Colonel Wood, if he can procure the means, can accomplish it. I have sent down to procure accurate information about them, if possible. Colonel Wood might do the same. I can furnish volunteers from the Ninth Virginia Cavalry, who are acquainted with the shores of the Potomac, and who are now on the lower Rappahannock. Captain Fitzhugh, of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry, the officer who destroyed the enemy's steamers in Cherrystone Creek, on the Eastern Shore of Virginia, I have no doubt could join him with some of his men.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[APRIL 7, 1864. - For Cooper to Longstreet, ordering latter to rejoin Army of Northern Virginia, with his troops, see Vol. XXXII, Part III, p. 576.]

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

April 7, 1864.

I hope that few of the soldiers of this army will find it necessary at any time in the coming campaign to surrender themselves prisoners of war. We cannot spare brave men to fill Federal prisons. Should, however, any be so unfortunate as to fall, through unavoidable necessity, into the hands of the enemy, it is important that they should preserve entire silence with regard to everything connected with the army, the positions, movements, organizations or probable strength of any portion of it. I wish the commanding officers of regiments and companies to instruct their men, should they be captured, under

