
any circumstances not to disclose the brigade, division, or corps to which they belong, but to give simply their names, company, and regiment, and not to speak of military matters even among their associates in misfortune. Proper prudence on the part of all will be of great assistance in preserving that secrecy so essential to success.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY., ARMY OF NORTHERN VA., Numbers 13. April 7, 1864.

The artillery of the Second Corps will hereafter be organized into two divisions, as follows; The First Division, consisting of Nelson's Hardaway's, and Braxton's battalions, will be under the command of Colonel J. T. Brown, and the Second Division, consisting of Cutshaw's and Page's battalions (lately Carter's) will be under the command of Colonel T. H. Carter.

In the absence of either Colonel Brown or Colonel Carter, their respective battalion commanders will report directly to the officer then commanding the artillery of the Second Corps.

By order of Brigadier-General Long:

S. V. SOUTHALL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 8, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:d

MR. PRESIDENT: I received yesterday reports from two of our most reliable scouts, upon whom I have depended for information. One was dated the 4th and the other the 6th. The writer of the former had been near Alexandria, had communication with persons inside the town every day, and had watched the Alexandria and Orange Railroad four or five days. He states that a large number of recruits are being sent to the Army of the Potomac, and expressed surprises at the number of troops conveyed on the road, but that no additional corps had yet passed up. The general impression was that the great battle would take place on the Rapidan and that the Federal army would advance as soon as the weather is settled. All the white troops had been taken from the intrenchments around Alexandria and ordered to General Meade, and their places supplied by negroes. It was reported that the troops from Charleston were to be brought to Fort Monroe. The writer of the latter was in Culpeper in communication with the C. H. watching the enemy's movements. Among the reports in circulation was that the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps were expected. That may be, however, to encourage their men, who were deserting in expectation of a fight. I think General Beauregard had better be notified of the transfer of the troops from Charleston to Fort Monroe, which I think very probable, and that all available re-enforcements be sent to this army.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

