
cannot now be supplied, and they are, in addition, too far from the locality described to be sent after these deserters. I shall, however, have some of my cavalry force available for this purpose by the 1st of May, and will then do all in my power to break up and arrest this party. Should you deem earlier action more advisable, I would suggest that your order a good company from General Rosser's command, which I understand is in Rockbridge, to report to me, and I think I can devise a plan for the suppression of this band of tories and deserters. Infantry could not, I think, secure their arrest.

Very respectfully,

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

UNION, April 9, 1864.

(Received Dublin, 10th.)

Major-General BRECKINRIDGE:

My command is entirely out of breadstuffs. Nothing at the Narrows; nothing at Jackson's River. I have sent to mill this evening corn taken from the quartermaster, but there is only enough of this for two days' rations. What am I to do? Nothing can be had in this country. My troops must suffer, and I dread the consequences. I wish that you would order Captain De L'Isle at once to send by his wagons what can be procured. I will put the men to-morrow on half rations to make the corn hold out as long as possible. Answer by telegraph at once where I must send my train, which has come in without supplies. It takes eight days to make the trip to the Narrows and back, and seven days to Jackson's River. Answer to-night.

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG, April 10, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The following received from General Ransom, at Weldon:

Same news from Suffolk reports a large force between Suffolk and Portsmouth; that the same troops are now at Bernard's Mills and Savage's farm that have been there all the time. A new regiment has reached Washington and the enemy are very busy trying to obstruct the Roanoke.

M. W. RANSOM.

Brigadier-General.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

APRIL 10, 1864.

General CORSE, Kinston:

Information from New Berne, April 6, states that more troops are there now than at any time since war; still re-enforcing. Expect to move on Kinston in a few days. Practicing with artillery going on constantly.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

