
does not look as if they were concentrating on the Peninsula. If they are providing launches I should think they were intended for the James River. The defenses at Petersburg should be strengthened immediately to their fullest extent.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

DALTON, April 11, 1864.

General R. E. LEE, Orange Court-House, Va.:

Chattanooga papers report Eleventh and Twelfth Corps united, called Twentieth, and still there.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

UNION, April 11, 1864.

General BRECKINRIDGE, Dublin:

Your dispatch just received . I will do all that I can. There is nothing in this country to impress. I am trying to gather up a few potatoes. I have sent an agent to Staunton to try and borrow something for a few days, if he cannot do anything else. The men are on half rations of breadstuffs. I can work along four or five days longer.

JOHN ECHOLS.

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers -. Kinston, N. C., April 11, 1864.

It is with mortification as well as surprise that complaints are daily heard at these headquarters of the lawlessness of the troops composing this command, especially since the repeated orders on the subject which have been issued to them. It is totally unworthy the character of men who call themselves soldiers, fighting to sustain the right and against a corrupt government and people. Men are caught daily straggling 20 miles from camp, thieving and plundering people to whom the hardships of war have barely left a support. The brigadier-general commanding therefore directs that strict guards be kept around each encampment, and no man will be permitted to leave its confines without the written authority of regiment or battalion commanders. It is with reluctance that this measure is resorted to, but it is determined to break up these disgraces and outrages, and more rigid means will be adopted should these prove insufficient. It is hoped that it will not be necessary to recur again to the subject.

By command of Brigadier-General Corse:

P. B. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Richmond, April 11, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Orange Court-House, Va.:

GENERAL: I am reliably informed that the U. S. marshal, with a guard, is in Loudoun County, near Leesburg, serving notices on

