
tenants and others, so as to stop the rents of lands and houses for the benefit of that Government. Will it not be well to cal the attention of Major Mosby to the fact, that any parties engaged in that work may be captured, or, if possible, frightened from the country, which would be preferable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, April 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred to, General Stuart, who is requested to inform Lieutenant-Colonel Mosby of the facts and direct that efforts be made to capture or drive the U. S. marshal out of Loudoun and every other county in Virginia beyond our lines.

R. E. LEE.

General.

[Second indorsement.]

HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Mosby.

Please see remarks of commanding general.

By command of Major General J. E. B. Stuart:

H. B. McCLELLAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. 43rd VIRGINIA PARTISAN RANGERS BATTALION,April 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned, with the information that the honorable Secretary of War has been misinformed. No Federal foot presses the soil of Loudoun. My quartermaster is now engaged in collecting supplies in that section.

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, April 12, 1864.

MR. PRESIDENT: My anxiety on the subject of provisions for the army is so great that I cannot refrain from expressing it to your Excellency. I cannot see how we can operate with our present supplies. Any derangement in their arrival or disaster to the railroad would render it impossible for me to keep the army together, and might force a retreat into North Carolina. There is nothing to be had in this section for man or animals. We have rations for the troops to-day and to-morrow. I hope a new supply arrived last night, but I have not yet had a report. Every exertion should be made to supply the depots at Richmond and at other points. All pleasure travel should cease, and everything be devoted to necessary wants.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

