
tingencies of the campaign that in all probability is now near at hand. No arrangements that our foresight can suggest or our means accomplish should be neglected, and while every exertion should, and I doubt not will, be made to insure our success, we should not be unprepared for unfavorable results, and neglect precautions that may lighten any calamity that may befall us.

The subject of the greatest immediate importance is the collection at suitable and safe places of adequate supplies of provisions and forage. I earnestly recommend that no private interests be allowed to interfere with the use of all the facilities for transportation that we possess until the wants of the Army are provided for. The railroad should be at once devoted exclusively to this purpose, even should it be found necessary to suspended all private travel for business or pleasure upon them for the present.

It is difficult, in view of the conflicting information received, to ascertain, what the purpose of the enemy may be, but an investment of Richmond is one of the possibilities for which we should be prepared. Even should no actual investment be made, it is not improbable that an accumulation of troops in or near the city may become necessary, and operations may be carried on in its immediately vicinity. In either case I think it very desirable that all the population whose presence would impede or endanger our efforts should be removed, especially that part of it which increases the consumption of public stores, without aiding or strengthening the army. Prisoners of the enemy and our own paroled men are of this class, and I think no time should be lost in placing them is some other locality. Besides these, the presence of Federal deserters, and persons with no visible and reputable means of support is not only a burden, but in a critical movement might be attended with danger. As far as practicable all such should be removed from the city and every encouragement given to the rest of the non-combatant population to retire, except those whose services may be useful or who will not increase the scarcity of supplies.

With reference to the transportation of supplies, &amp;c. I beg leave also to urge that all officers and agents connected with it be required to give their constant personal attention to their duties. They should not only give orders and directions but as far as practicable see in person to the faithful execution of them. Much that is considered impracticable from the reports of employes and agents has been found to be feasible when intelligent and energetic officers have taken it in hand themselves. All should be prepared for a degree of effort, self-sacrifice and labor, until the crisis has been safely passed, such as may not be necessary in the performance of duty on ordinary occasions. You will be able best to determine how the surplus population to which I have referred can be disposed of but you will perceive the urgent necessity that nothing should be left undone while there is yet time to make our preparations. I think it advisable also that such public property as is not necessary for the immediate use of the army should be removed to a place of security without delay.

Whatever inconvenience and even hardship may result from a vigorous and thorough preparation for the most complete defense we can make will be speedily forgotten in the event of success or amply repaid by the benefits such a course will confer upon us in case of misfortune.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

