
and supplies. Refugees have begun to be regarded with less of sympathy than of apprehension, for they are looked upon as diminishing the means and increasing the privations of the communities to which they may flee. Still, I fear necessity requires that, to a considerable extent, the removal of the useless population from the city should be attempted, for without such measure I do not see the possibility of accumulating the requisite reserve of supplies to enable us to meet partial reverse and bear brief interruption of communication.

The prisoners of the enemy and our own paroled men are nearly all removed, and the rest will speedily follow. The hospitals and work-shops will be cleared of all who can be spared, and such machinery and stores as are not of immediate necessity I have directed to be prepared and gradually removed. It will be difficult to induce either the people of the city or our officers to make the requisite exertions and sacrifices which a prudent precaution demands, for they repose such confidence in the vaolor of our troops and the generalship of their commanders as to be incredulous of approaching danger. Still, I hope your counsels and the influence of the Department will not be wholly without avail in inducing the "efforts, self-sacrifice, and labor, until the crisis has been safely passed, " which a prudent forecast of all contingencies demands.

Experience of the past and a just reliance on our means of defense, employed with the skill and energy which have heretofore guided us, may well entitle us to expect, under the blessing of Heaven, deliverance from the worst efforts of our malignant foes; but we should not be the less prepared to be grateful and happy in triumph for having realized our danger and arranged to meet and repair the consequences of a reverse.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1864

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Send Evans' brigade (five regiments) to Wilmington by railroad immediately. Should any portion be detached beyond Savannah, so as to delay the movement, substitute an equal number from the nearest available force. Report its departure.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1864.

General W. H. C. WHITING,

Wilmington, N. C.:

Order Martin's brigade to Weldon immediately by railroad. It will be replaced by another. Report its departure.

S. COOPER.

Adjutant and Inspector General.

