
WILMINGTON, April 14, 1864

General S. COOPER,

Dispatch in cipher received. Brigade ordered to move. One regiment (Seventeenth), the strongest, is on the harbor 25 miles from here. The movement of the others leaves me utterly defenseless. The first train goes at once.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General

APRIL 14, 1864.

[Colonel J. N. WHITFORD:]

COLONEL: The enemy are making some demonstrations below on the other side of the river. The general directs that you keep on the lookout and report promptly anything from your front. Keep your men together and ready to be under arms at any moment. It may be necessary to move you in this direction. If you are attacked, however, hold your position.

Very respectfully,

P. B. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Corse wants one or two men as guides around this place. Please send them mounted. They should know the Wilmington, White Hall, Dover, Neuse, the Trent roads, &amp;c.

P. B. H.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS Numbers 4. Kinston, N. C., April 14, 1864.

Colonel G. N. Folk, commanding Sixth Regiment North Carolina Cavalry, will relieve Colonel J. T. Mercer of the command of the outposts.

By command of Brigadier-General Corse:

P. B. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 87. Richmond, April 14, 1864.

* * * *

XXII. In addition to his present duties, Brigadier-General Imboden is charged with the enrollment and organization of the reserve forces of Virginia in the counties of Botetourt, Roanoke, Craig, Rockingham, Pendleton, Highland, Augusta, Bath, Rockbridge, Allegheny, Page, Shenandoah, Hardy, and such portions of country lower down the valley as can be controlled.

The enrolling officers in the counties named, and such supernumerary and invalid officers as may be available, will proceed with these duties rapidly, under the supervision of General Imboden, who will act in co-operation with the Bureau o Conscription, and in strict accordance with the provisions of law and orders.

81 R R-VOL XXXIII

