
The rolls will be forwarded without delay to this office for official action; and mean time arrangements will be perfected for the prompt assembling of the men int eh event that the President shall deem it necessary to call these forces into active service.

* * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY., ARMY OF NORTHERN, VA., Numbers 18. April 14, 1864.

Colonel J. T. Brown, commanding Second Corps Artillery, will move his command to the grazing camp selected, commending his march on Monday, weather permitting. The day before his command moves he will send forward a pioneer corps to put the road in order. Battalions will be kept well closed up, all straggling will be prevented, and the journey will be carried; the balance, together with other property left, will be left at Frederick's Hall under guard.

By command of General Long, acting chief of artillery:

S. V. SOUTHALL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, April 15, 1864.

MR. PRESIDENT: The reports of the scouts are still conflicting as to the character of the re-enforcements to the Army of the Potomac and the composition of that at Annapolis under General Burnside. I think it probable that the Eighth Corps, which embraces the troops who have heretofore guarded the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, the intrenchments around Washington, Alexandria, &amp;c., have been moved up to the Rappahannock and that an equivalent has been sent to Annapolis from General Meade.

Lieutenant-Colonel Mosby states that the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, consolidated, have also been sent to General Burnside. Bur whatever doubt there may be on these points, I think it certain that the enemy is organizing a large army on the Rappahannock, and another at Annapolis, and that the former is intended to move directly on Richmond, while the latter is intended to take it in flank or rear. I think we may also reasonably suppose that the Federal troops that have so long besieged Charleston will, with a portion of their iron-clad steamers be transferred to the James River. I consider that the suspension of the attack on that city was virtually declared when General Gillmore transferred his operations to the Saint John's River. It can only be continued during the summer months by the fleet. The expedition of the enemy up Red River has so diminished his forces about New Orleans and Mobile that I think no attack upon the latter city need be apprehended soon, especially as we have reason to hope that he will return from his expedition in a shattered condition. I have thought, therefore, that General Johnston might draw something from Mobile during the summer to strengthen his hands, and that General Beauregard with a portion of his troops might move into North Carolina to oppose General Burnside should

