
he resume his old position in that State, or be ready to advance to the James River should that route be taken. I do not know what benefit General Buckner can accomplished; but if he can only hold Bristol, I think he had better be called for a season to Richmond. We shall have to glean troops from every quarter to oppose the apparent combination of the enemy. If Richmond could be held secure against the attack from the east, I would propose that I draw Longstreet to me and move right against the enemy on the Rappahannock. Should God give us a crowning victory there, all their plans would be dissipated and their troops now collecting on the waters of the Chesapeake would be recalled to the defense of Washington. But to make this move I must have provisions and forage. I am not yet able to call to me the cavalry or artillery. If I am obliged to retire from this line, either by a flank movement of the enemy or the want of supplies, great injury will befall us. I have ventured to throw out these suggestions to Your Excellency in order that in surveying the whole field of operations you may consider all the circumstances bearing on the question. Should you determine it is better to divide this army and fall back toward Richmond I am ready to do so. I, however, see no better plan for the defense of Richmond than that I have proposed.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE.

General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 15, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

One regiment infantry leaves to-day, two to-morrow, and two day after.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

Repair with the least delay practicable to Weldon, N. C., where instructions will be sent to you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1864.

Major-General BUCKNER,

Bristol, Tenn.:

Order Major-General Ransom to repair forthwith to this city for other and distant service.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

