
WILMINGTON, April 15, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Which shall I send, troops or corn? I have peremptory orders for both. Troops are moving.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

APRIL 15, 1864.

Colonel JACKSON.

Magnolia:

Corse reports enemy attacked his pickets yesterday. Repulsed. May be a feint to cove remove on railroad.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,April 15, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.:

MAJOR: A letter from Colonel Jackson, received this morning, says:

Scouts report the concentration of forces at New Creek Depot, and reiterate the reports that a considerable force has been transported on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the Army of the Potomac. They also represent that a large amount of supplies have been taken to Beverly, and that the place is strongly fortified. A battalion was sent from Clarksburg to Buchannan.

A young lady named simonton, who is represented to me as very intelligent, reached Lewisburg two days ago. She was sent out from her come on the Kanawha for alleged disloyalty. She sent me a statement on yesterday, which she says she knows to be accurate. I herewith inclose for the information of the major-general commanding, a copy of the statement.* It has been some ten or twelve days since she left Charleston. I have heard from other reliable sources of the accumulation by the enemy at Gauley and Loup Creek, some 5 or 6 miles lower down the Kanawha River, of large quantities of forage and other supplies. They seem to be getting their cavalry in good condition.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.

JNO. ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 16, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,Commanding Armies of Confederate States.

GENERAL: I received last evening your letter of the 14th instant by the hands of Major Parker. I trust that the expedition in North Carolina will be attended with success, and that the troops in the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, may be made available to oppose the combined operations of the enemy in Vir-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

