
Kanawha County, and captured 7 Yankees. He reports everything quiet and the location of the Yankee troops unchanged.

Mrs. John McMullen tells me the same, and they both state this: Twelfth and Ninety-first Ohio and Ninth Virginia (bogus) and Simonds' battery, at Fayetteville; Fifth Virginia (bogus), at Montgomery's Ferry; Second Virginia (bogus) Cavalry, at Camp Piatt; Twenty-third and Thirty-fourth Ohio and McMullin's battery, at Charleston; Thirteenth Virginia (bogus) at Cabell Court-House; squadron of cavalry, at Winfield, Putnam County, 	W. Va.

General Crook has just returned from Washington, where he had been in consultation with Grant. The force on Kanawha has neither been diminished nor increased.

Respectfully,

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Colonel
HEADQUARTERS

Warm Springs, Va., April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Scouts report that Beverly has been re-enforced by the Eleventh (bogus) Virginia Regiment, making three regiments and artillery there; also a regiment is believed to be at Summerville as troops moved from Buchannan, Weston, and Bulltown in that direction. This may be the same party that was at Summerville a short time since. There does not seem to be any other indications of an intention to advance; the weather is too unsettled. The distribution of my force is as follows; McNeel's company at Mill Point, scouting to Edray; Marshall's at Camp Northwest, this side of Huntersville, scouting to Green Bank, &c., with constant concealed scouts near Beverly; Colonel Arnett, with the Twentieth Virginia Cavalry, at Crab Bottom. Colonel A. has, in addition, one company of the Forty-sixth Battalion. So large a force is required at Crab Bottom to guard and protect the horses of my command on grass and hay there. It is also in a good position to give notice of and delay any raid from New Creek, &c. Colonel Arnett has instructions to send me information of all movements of the enemy delay and harass any advance, and if pressed to fall back to me by way of McGraw's Gap. Captains McNeel and Marshall have the same instructions. The McGraw's Gap route, therefore, should not be destroyed; I understand its destruction is proposed. The Forty-seventh Battalion, Lurty's battery, five companies of the Forty-sixth Battalion, and eight companies of the Nineteenth will be at Jackson's River Depot on Monday evening, the 18th instant. for a time the hospital will have to be kept here, as it would not do to move the sick. My courier lines will be from your headquarters to this point, where I shall remain for a time (unless you direct otherwise), in view of the above disposition of my force, and to obtain the earliest news of any advance of the enemy. Of course, I will be in communication with all my detachments. I have issued strict orders as to discipline, drill, and am making every effort to thoroughly equip my command. My position here will enable me to give you the earliest information of any movement of the enemy on this line. My teams are being rested, and are on grass in the Falling Springs Valley. As soon as they are recruited if no move-

