
cessfully met and resisted, I have no uneasiness as to the result of the campaign in Virginia. I know of no better plan than that submitted in a former letter to Your Excellency.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 18, 1864

Brigadier General J. D. IMBODEN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A scout just from the valley reports that Averell, with all the cavalry that could be spared from that region, left Martinsburg and went up the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad last Tuesday, leaving only a garrison in that city. He also states that there is no force at Harper's Ferry. I think it probable that Averell will make an attempt upon the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad at the time proposed for the combined movement against Richmond from some point beyond the North Mountain. I see no indications of a movement up the valley. Reports have been industriously spread abroad to that effect. An examination of the Potomac and Winchester Railroad has been made by engineers, &c., but I believe it was with the intention of misleading. I hope you and General Breckinridge will be prepared to unite and beat him back wherever he may come, and drive him across the Potomac. I shall be so occupied, in all probability, that I shall be unable to aid you.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

MOUNT CRAWFORD, April 18, 1864

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Enemy is concentrating considerable force at Grafton, New Creek, Cumberland, and Martinsburg. Sullivan has gone to Grafton. Another raid is brewing. I can watch all points except Beverly. Will advise you promptly of any movement discovered.

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 18, 1864

General W. H. C. WHITING, Wilmington, N. C.:

Evan's brigade is not designed to replace Martin's. It must move on to Weldon.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 18, 1864.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER, Bristol, Tenn.;

Send Law's brigade to Charlottesville to report to General Field. General Law will be relieved from arrest and put in command of it. The charge against him will not be further entertained.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

*Entered in General Lee's letter-book as "substance" of letter.

