
[Inclosure.]

PETERSBURG, VA., April 19, 1864.

Major General G. E. PICKETT,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: It is very evident to my mind that the party which made the raid upon the 14th instant, upon Smithfield and Fort Boykin, via Chuckatuck, Holloway's Point, and Stone-House Wharf, are not any of Burnside's forces.

The part was under command of General Graham, and consisted of the Twenty-third Massachusetts Regiment, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment, a Michigan regiment, a New Jersey regiment and a Wisconsin battery of six pieces, with two companies of negro infantry. The force, all told, was not over 2,500 men. From the nature and character of the vessels composing Burnside's flotilla, it shows conclusively they are not intended for a sea voyage, they being principally river steamers of light draught. My scouts are vigilant and active, and from their different stand-points of investigation report in detail the result of their information, which I venture to assert has always heretofore proved reliable.

Our lady friend on the north shore reports that the plan of landing on the south side of the James River, above the Appomattox, is still freely discussed. The advance of the enemy along the line of Blackwater on the 14th instant and this raid along the line of James and Pagan Creek was evidently intended to create a diversion from their real point of attack. I would also respectfully call your attention to the fact that a part of Graham's force, the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment, is certainly from the front of Charleston, S. C., and for all I know other troops may have been sent from there to make up General Smith's command for general operations throughout his department. We have now two scouts in the enemy's lines near Old Point, whom I expect a report from on to-morrow or as soon after as practicable for them to communicate with the signal station at Fort Boyklin. The enemy took particular pains to report that it was General Burnside's forces who were on their way to Weldon via Joyner's Ford and Franklin, which accounts for the reports of the scouts along the Nansemond, who were within 5 miles of Portsmouth while the enemy held Suffolk.

Since the 14th instant the enemy's flotilla at Old Point and Newport News are very much increased and the enemy upon the lower James are particularly active and their guard-boats more vigilant since Davidson's gallant attempt to destroy the Minnesota.

All of which is most respectfully submitted by your obedient servant.

JAS. F. MILLIGAN,

Major and Signal Officer, Dept. of North Carolina.

TUESDAY [April 19, 1864]-10 p.m.

Major-General ELZEY:

SIR: The enemy appeared to-day in Rappahannock, opposite Bowler's Ferry, consisting of five transports and four gun-boats. They landed in the North Neck, opposite Bowler's Ferry, and are carrying off all the negroes they can see, young and old; and I learn their intention is to take off grain, meat, and cattle. Their force amounts to about 500 white troops. There appeared at the mouth of the

