
for these operatives as far as possible, should yo consider it necessary that all should be drawn from this army, for, as I before remarked, the work must be done.

I have now the names of 8 blacksmiths, 36 carpenters, 6 molders, 5 finishers, and 4 rollers and puddlers, who can be had as soon as required. The other carpenters, it is thought, can also be had, and possibly the remaining finishers and rollers and puddlers, but their names are not yet received.

I trust however, that arrangements can be made to spare some of these men, and in any case I hope they will only be called for when actually needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 19, 1864.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I learned yesterday from a scout, whom I had sent to the valley, that General Averell, on this day week, left Martinsburg with all the cavalry which could be spared from that region, and moved up the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I think it probable, when the weather permits, or about the time when their proposed combined movement against Richmond takes place, that he will make another attack upon our western railroad at or beyond Staunton, from some point west of North Mountain. I see now no indication of an advance up the valley. There is only a garrison at Martinsburg, and no force, it is said, at Harper's Ferry. Such an advance has been industriously hinted abroad, an examination of the Potomac and Winchester Railroad made, but I believe it was done to deceive. I would recommend that Colonel Jackson keep his scouts toward Beverly, &c., on the alert, that you may receive early information of any preparations or movements, that you may be ready to meet an advance if made. General Meade's army is reported ready to advance. His sick, invalids, sutlers, &c., have been sent back to Washington, his troops rationed, and only waiting for the roads to become passable. Should an advance be made west of the Blue Ridge, I hope, with the aid of General Imboden, you will drive the assailants beyond the Potomac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE.

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 32. April 19, 1864.

* * * *

III. The general commanding directs the following modifications of paragraph VIII, General Orders, Numbers 27, from these headquarters. The chief quartermaster of the army will see that they are carried into effect without unnecessary delay.

There will be allowed for headquarters of each division one 6-horse wagon.

For transportation of medical stores of every two battalions artillery, one 2-horse wagon.

