
For the chief quartermaster of the artillery of army, one 4-horse wagon; to the chief quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of artillery of each corps, one 4-horse wagon. These wagons will be also required to transport the necessary forage for the animals at the headquarters respectively.

For the officers of each regiment, including field, staff, surgeon, quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, and company officers, one 4-horse wagon.

For the officers of a battalion of artillery, including field, staff, surgeon, quartermaster, and company officers, one 4-horse wagon.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOYDTON, MECKLENBURG COUNTY, VA.,

April 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Being most anxious to enter the field in the coming campaign, and finding that my rank in the Provisional Army is apparently an insuperable obstacle to my wishes, I respectfully resign my commission as lieutenant-general, and request to be assigned, as lieutenant-colonel of artillery, to immediate active service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON.

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,April 19, 1864.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW, Asst. Adjt. General ;

I have received this morning from Colonel Jackson the following dispatch, dated last night:

Brigadier General J. ECHOLS, Commanding:

GENERAL: I inclose an exact copy of dispatch from General Imboden. I suppose "M. C." means Mount Crawford, as General I. was there when I last heard from him. You may rely upon my keeping a strict watch upon my front and right, and the forwarding of any important information. My last news from Beverly is three regiments and artillery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. JACKSON,

Colonel.

[Inclosure.]

Colonel WILLIAM L. JACKSON, Commanding, Warm Springs, VA.:

Enemy is concentrating a considerable force at Grafton, under Sullivan. Look out for danger from Beverly. Formidable preparations going forward at New Creek, Cumberland, and Martinsburg. Another raid brewing. What force have you and where? We may have to co-operate. I am guarding all approaches from Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. We will give you timely warning of danger.

J. D. IMBODEN.

Brigadier-General.

I have sent three different scouts to the Kanawha, who will strike the enemy's lines at different points. They were on foot, and will not report for a week or ten days. As soon as they do, I will forward the information given to the major-general commanding. I received information on yesterday that the enemy had put into New River,

