
at those point. They also report that some companies of Jenkins' brigade had been in Guyandotte and occasioned considerable alarm and some movements of troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS,Orange Court-House, April 22, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Armies of Confederate States:

GENERAL: Colonel Beale, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, who has been operating on the lower Rappahannock and in the Northern Neck of Virginia, reports that he has positive and certain information that no steamers or tow-boats of any kind are in Saint Mary's River. The negro regiment recently in Westmoreland, which came from Leonardtown, had been sent to the front; destination unknown. It is certain that a large number of vessels are going down the bay and his scouts think that troops are going to the Peninsula.

I am profoundly grateful to the Giver of all Victory for our success in North Carolina. I trust it may continue, and that the end may be as favorable as the beginning. I desire Hoke's brigade to be sent to me as soon as practicable. Early's division is very weak, consisting of two brigades and a part, two of its regiments having been detached with Hoke. Colonel Mercer, commanding one, I regret to learn, is killed. General Imboden reports that the Sixth Corps (Sedgwick's old corps) arrived in Martinsburg on the 17th. I think it erroneous. No movement has yet been made by General Meade, but his army is reported ready packed and equipped. The roads and ground are now in good condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

APRIL 22, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief of Construction, &amp;c., Dept. of Northern Va.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the honorable Secretary of War to request you to cause to be examined and reported upon by a competent engineer officer, as promptly as possible, the fords in the James River as far as Columbia, with a view to ascertaining their character, whether easy or difficult, and erecting (should it be deemed judicious) small and compact defensive works, sufficient to enable a small body of troops to resist the passage of a large raiding party.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. L. RIVES,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., April 22, 1864.

His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh:

SIR: Last night the enemy landed at the State salt-works and destroyed one of them, taking off a number of the conscripts. I do

