
not regret it. I consider that the whole affair was done with the complicity and on the information of parties engaged there. The enemy undoubtedly were made aware of the withdrawal of Martin's brigade. The establishment has long been a nuisance, and the circumstantial evidence of their intercourse with the enemy is very strong, and, combined with the known character of many of the conscripts, is sufficient to induce me to remove what the enemy have spared. In this connection I respectfully refer to my letter of 22nd ultimo to you. If the works are regarded as indispensable to the State, it will be necessary to remove them to the Cape Fear River. No more salt-works will be permitted on Masonborough Sound. The enemy left a number of letters to be distributed.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITIN,

Major-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., April 22, 1864.

His Excellency Governor Z. B. VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

DEAR SIR: The enemy landed at one of the State salt-works on Masonborough Sound last night in force estimated at 100 to 150 men. They were not discovered till within 50 yards of the works. Immediately on landing they made prisoners of every one they could, and set fire to the works. They attempted to destroy the pans by throwing shells into the furnaces. They did but little damage in this way, not breaking a pan, and displacing but one. The sheds over the works, being dampened by the steam from the boiling-pans, burned slowly, and were soon extinguished after departure of the enemy. The chief damage done was to the steam-pump and engine. They are badly damaged, and it will take some time to repair them and get them in position again. If I could pump water to-day two-thirds of the works could be run. The blacksmith-shop, wagon-shop, and tools and stables were entirely consumed. Mules and horses were not injured. Forty-seven men were missing this morning; of this number but one, so far as I can learn, is even suspected of having willingly gone. I mentioned this latter fact for the reason that I learn it is rumored, and I understand believed by the commanding general, that they were glad of the chance to go. I have just returned from the works, and have thoroughly inquired into the matter, and am fully convinced that they were forces to go. I may be misinformed. The landing was so sudden and unlooked for that the alarm could not be given in time for the men to escape. Some of those who did escape were fired on.

I inclose communications* from General Whiting, received during my absence to-day. I have not been able to see him since my return. If I am required to comply with this direction it will be equivalent to putting a stop to the works. It is impossible, with the means at my command, to move and run the works on the Cape Fear to advantage. The experience I have already had in boating water satisfies me that it will not do to make salt on a large scale on the Cape Fear River. The flats I have built, and one now building,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

