
for carrying wood through the sound to the works, are working to my satisfaction, and will enable me to dispense with a large number of my teams and diminish the cost of the salt. My opinion is that it would be better to entirely discontinue the works rather that move them to the Cape Fear River. What shall I do?

Your obedient servant,

D. E. WORTH,

Salt Commissioner.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., April 22, 1864.

Colonel J. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond:

COLONEL: I have received the order consolidating my command and that of General Pickett, under General Beauregard. Was it not an error to say, "District of Cape Fear?" I commanded the Department of Cape Fear.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., April 22, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding, Dublin, Va.:

GENERAL: The President directs me to inform you of substance of a letter received from a friend in Baltimore, believed to be true and reliable, so far as he knows what he writes of. You will take it for what it is worth, and endeavor to ascertain the truth of it. The main point of his letter is the concentration of Grant's forces for a grand movement on General Lee. Among other statements he says:

General Ord and other good commanders have been brought to Washington from West, and Ord was expected to move from Harper's Ferry down the great valley, but as Averell's cavalry have all gone to the Ohio River for some raiding operations from the Great Kanawha River, probably to prevent use of Virginia and Tennessee road, for re-enforcing Lee, and no fresh troops are gathering about the head of the valley at all, it is doubtless not intended to move that way. Some think he (Grant) may trust his cavalry to destroy road at Junction, and move his main army to east of Gordonsville, but this is doubtful. Averell is likely to play an important part.

He mentions movement of Ninth Army Corps from Kentucky; also says, "Averell will be at mouth of Kanawha probably by 12th or 14th, but not before 10th possibly"-underscoring his own. The President also hears from other sources that there has been some point should be better than his. Your accurately ascertaining the probable value of these statements is important.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. PRESTON JOHNSTON,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

