
Rivers. A prompt obedience of orders, a mutual good understanding, and a cordial support of one another are enjoined on both officers and men as indispensable to success. Violations of regulations and orders must be promptly reported in order that discipline, so necessary, may be maintained.

The personal and general staff of the department for the present are announced as follows:

PERSONAL STAFF.

First Lieutenant A. R. Chisolm, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant A. J. Toutant, acting aide-de-camp.

GENERAL STAFF.

Captain John M. Otey, assistant adjutant-general, in charge adjutant-general's department.

Captain Albert Ferry, assistant adjutant-general.

Major Henry Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, inspector.

Major Giles B. Cooke, assistant adjutant-general, inspector.

Colonel D. B. Harris, chief of engineer's department.

Major E. Willis, chief quartermaster.

Major F. Molloy, chief of subsistence.

Surg. S. Choppin, medical inspector.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

MECKLENBURG COUNTY, N. C., April 23, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Allow me to represent to you the extreme importance of the most active military operations in Eastern North Carolina.

Plymouth having fallen by the aid of the Confederate gun-boats built on the Roanoke, Washington, Roanoke Island, and New Berne may be speedily recovered, and the enemy be driven from Eastern North Carolina.

The counties now held by the Yankees in this State would furnish vast supplies of corn and much meat for subsistence of our army in Virginia, and if our gun-boats from the Roanoke, Tar, and Neuse Rivers shall be able to maintain possession of the sound, those supplies would be readily transportable to Tarborough and Weldon or Halifax, and thence to Richmond.

It seems now doubtful whether Grant intends an advance soon on Richmond. If not, could not a portion of the Virginia army be detached in a column sufficiently strong to insure the capture of Washington and New Berne, by co-operating with present command of Brigadier-General Hoke? Celerity of movements, after the style of Napoleon in Italy or Stonewall Jackson in the Valley of Virginia, would insure just now the redemption of Eastern North Carolina from Yankee oppression and secure the defeat of the traitorous Holden party, now resisting the re-election of Governor Vance. The recovery of Eastern North Carolina is in every point of view of vast moment, and in none more than with reference to the support of our Virginia army. By prompt concentration of forces and

