
by bold and rapid movements the prize can most surely be secured. Let a feint be made on Washington, and an overwhelming force be suddenly precipitated on New Berne, or vice versa, and success will be almost certain. The force massed for these purposes should be overwhelming, if possible, so as to insure victory. The troops sent from Virginia might accomplish the proposed work by great celerity of movement and return to Virginia before needed there, unless Grant should advance more promptly than now seems probable.

The moral and political effect at the North of the expulsion of the Yankees from North Carolina would be in calculate and would be immediately demonstrated in its influence on the gold market in New York. Now is the accepted time for a bold, sudden stroke, and every Yankee soldier in North Carolina would be slain, captured, or compelled to flee the State. Postpone the effort and the golden opportunity will be lost. Let there be no rest until the State of North Carolina is "rendered, regenerated and disenthralled." It can be done; only strike heavily and strike quickly.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your very obedient servant,

C. L. BURGWIN.
HEADQUARTERS, April 23, 1864-7 a.m.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW:

The enemy, after removing the blockade entirely, have returned. There was not more than one regiment. There is no boat in the river at Bowyer's Ferry. I wrote you on yesterday. For last two weeks large quantities of forage and other supplies have been taken to Fayette Court-House, as I am informed.

JNO. ECHOLS,Brigadier-General.

APRIL 24, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Weldon:

Scouts report large transport moving west about New River. Am sure the enemy know my condition. Troops reported sent from New Berne to Morehead City. Seventeenth [North Carolina] has gone as guard. Can you send anything to help?

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

APRIL 24, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD:

Can't you send me two regiments? The Fiftieth [North Carolina] is very small, and necessarily greatly scattered. The enemy are certainly fully acquainted with my position, and their movements show it. I ought to have re-enforcements to-night.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

