
APRIL 24, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Weldon, N. C.:

Large transport reported hovering about Masonborough filled with troops.

W. H. C. WHITIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, N. C., April 24, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,

Weldon, N. C.:

A double-ender gun-boat has joined the fleet. Have ordered Hebert here. Will come as soon as possible. General Walker went to Goldsborough this morning. Better let some troops move here as soon as possible. I have ordered Colonel Jackson from Kenansville, leaving Major Moore there, temporarily detaining Hampton's two companies of cavalry.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, April 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General ECHOLS,

Commanding First Brigade, Monroe County, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 22nd instant was received, and I sent you a dispatch last evening. I have also seen a communication from your quartermaster and your accompanying letter.

With our small forces and extended territory we are much embarrassed, but on the whole, unless some sudden emergency makes it necessary, it will be imprudent to separate the troops too far; hence, if there should be a regular advance of the enemy in force too strong for you, you should, if possible, retire toward McCausland, who would advance at once. It will not be necessary to fall back from a raiding party. Keep your scouts and Jackson's constantly as far to the front as possible to give timely and accurate notice. I am anxious to know the exact force at Beverly. Averell passed Cumberland the other day westward with his command. Jackson should look to the depot and the two brigades, and keep up communication with Imboden.

Jenkins will soon have a respectable force near you. It has been impossible to change the location of the Forty-fifth [Virginia]. I had given orders for Carr's company to be sent to Edgar, Bosang's taking its place, when by orders from Richmond nearly all the men will be lost to the latter company. One company is necessary here. Major Dorman hopes to be able to furnish me one very soon, when Carr's company will be ordered forward at once.

In the matter of subsistence and forage I am making every effort. But for the troubles on this score I should have been with the troops before this time. I have ordered long since ten days' supplies to be kept with the troops. In regard to breadstuffs and forage, great difficulties have existed, but I am sure you must have a good

