
command should be settled as soon as they are organized, so that there may be no difficulty or dispute on the subject when they are called into active service, should the emergency arise.

There should be one commander to see to their arms and equipments, and to have any which can be spared for distribution properly kept in arsenals and to make arrangements for the rendezvous, &amp;c., in the different counties. I think the matter might be so arranged as to avoid any collision between the State and Confederate authorities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, April 26, 1864.

General ROBERT E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Va., near Orange Court-House:

GENERAL: Immediately upon the receipt of your note of the 19th instant instructions were given to the depot officer at this point to forward, as promptly as possible, as many shirts and drawers as your army may require. There is a large excess of these articles on hand at every clothing depot, and the only reason why so few were sent up to the Army of Northern Virginia during the quarter just closed is that Captain Janney requested Major Bentley, the forwarding officer, not to send any more, saying he had enough. When Colonel Corley was here a few weeks ago, it was suggested that as spring was about to set in the health and comfort of the men might be promoted by a liberal issue of these under-garments. He assented thereto and promised to indicate by letter at an early date the number he would require. I was still in expectation of receiving that, when your note came to hand.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

GATLIN BATTERY, April 26, 1864.

Colonel LAMB:

SIR: According to instructions received, I have made a thorough investigation of the sound from Masonborough Inlet to Gatlin Battery, finding only one place that might be called a ford. This one is between Montgomery's salt-works and the State works, or between 400 and 500 yards northeast of Montgomery's. The main is marked by a cross 8 feet high, with the outer arm pointing in the direction of the shallowest water. After following this for 20 yards it turns diagonally across the sound, the outer arm pointing in the proper direction. This counties until you reach the marsh on the side next to the beach, the point marked on the edge of the marsh by a cross-stake. The water in its deepest place is about 2 1/2 feet at low tide; allow from 1 1/2 to 1 foot and 8 inches for the rise of the common high tide; to-day it raised only about 11 inches above the low-water mark. Bottom across, gravel. The marsh is very good-hard; that is, if the main creek be kept as close as possible. There are one or two ponds and creeks, which I think can be passed without trouble; the rest of the road is hard, and can be used except at very high tides. The distance from Masonborough Inlet to this place is about 4 1/2

83 R R-VOL XXXIII

