HEADQUARTERS, Wilmington, April 27, 1864.

General BEAUREGARD,Commanding, &amp;c., Weldon:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Arrived all safe. Things quiet so far. Enemy quiet so far. Enemy sounding off Masonborough and Wrightsville yesterday and this morning, but driven off by one of my Whitworths.

I sent you dispatch to-day to forward to Bragg if you think fit. Every little helps to the great object, and as I have been invited by him to correspond freely and give my views, there will no doubt be no impropriety in my hinting by telegraph at a matter of so vital importance as the immediate and rapid concentration of our forces, especially as I know this is your especial wish at this time. I telegraphed Corse as I was coming down, and he informed me last night that the gun-boat was hopelessly fixed. I verified this by observation of the condition of the river. Represent this to the Department. If you require me in the field when you have your troops together, and circumstances will permit my leaving here, I hope you will let me have Martin, Ransom, and Clingman; if you have twelve brigades add Walker's. All these people have been with me, and I believe are friendly. Try and get Law in your command. He was of the Fourth Alabama, and succeeded to command of my old Third Brigade; a most capital officer, and one of the best men in battle I ever saw. He is from South Carolina, and now with Longstreet, but in difficulty with him and wants to come to me.

Yours, truly,

W. H. C. WHITING.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., April 27, 1864.

(Memorandum for General Beauregard.)

Defenses of the Cape Fear:

First. Brigadier-General Hebert is charged with the command of the forts for defense of the harbor and guarding the beach on the east and west of the entrances. His troops occupy positions from South Carolina line to Masonborough Inlet, and consist entirely of heavy and light artillery. The three main positions are Oak Island at the west entrance, Smith's Island, between the two, and Confederate Point, the east entrance or New Inlet. On Oak Island the defenses are Fort Caswell and its advanced work, Fort Campbell, distant a mile apart, and midway between the two Battery Shaw. Fort Campbell is arranged for defense against both land and sea attack.

Second. On Simth's Island, a very important position, are Fort Holmes, a line of field-works from Fort Holmes to Light-House Creek, and various batteries in course of construction.

Third. Confederate Point comprises the various batteries known as Fort Fisher. They extend for a mile and require a strong garrison and a supporting force. When able to furnish this is has been stationed near the head of the sound, where Gatlin Battery is. In northwest winds it is feasible to land anywhere along the beach between Confederate Point and Masonborough Inlet. The garrison (Masonborough Inlet) to South Carolina line or Little River. For the security of the blockade runners great activity and vigilance is required.

