
Fourth. Smithville is the depot of the forts, headquarters of General Hubert, and contains heavy batteries bearing on the harbor and channel. Its garrison should be much stronger and a heavy infantry force ought always to be maintained within striking distance to operate against an attack by way of Lockwood's Folly and Shallotte. There is no support there now.

Fifth. The officer commanding the infantry force of the department has always reported directly to the major-general commanding, and not charged with the defense of the land approaches of the city, the exterior lines. This force, to prevent surprise and insure security, should never be less than a brigade. The command is for a brigadier-general. The exterior lines are Virginia Creek, 23 miles distant, on the old New Berne road, the left resting on Holly Shelter Swamp, the right opposite New Topsail Inlet, an important inlet on the coast; Harrison's lines, 10 miles nearer to the city; Sterne's lines, 15 miles on the Holly Shelter road, and two positions, one 40 and one 20 miles on the same road. The latter are important as against a cavalry raid to cut the railroad at Northeast, where is a long and costly bridge. The supporting force should guard the coast of the mainland on the sounds from the head of the sound to Virginia Creek and be posted so as to aid Fort Fisher in case of surprise. It should be sufficiently large to furnish a strong detachment to operate on the west side of the Cape Fear River.

Sixth. The post of Kenansville is important, as the best point whence to protect the railroad and the headquarters of the lines of pickets, which, from Swansborough, on White Oak River, to Kenansville, in connection with the pickets from Kinston, watch the movements of the enemy. The few on this duty furnish also the line of couriers from Jacksonville and Swansborough to Virginia Creek. The withdrawal of cavalry from this service is a serious evil to us. While the enemy hold New Berne the railroad cannot be secure, unless we occupy Kinston and Kenansville in sufficient force to oppose cavalry attacks.

Seventh. This department has heretofore comprised the counties bordering on the Cape Fear and its branches to the South Carolina line, including Onslow, Duplin, and Sampson, extending to Warsaw, N. C., on the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad.

Eighth. The maps will show that the enemy can attack above or below the harbor, moving directly on the city. Necessarily this movement would turn the harbor defenses, and if successful compel their surrender. There is no time, then, at which a place so important should be stripped of its supporting force.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, Va., April 27, 1864.

Colonel JOHN WITHERS,

In Charge of Office of Orders:

COLONEL: The following-named troops have been moved by telegraph: Gracie's brigade from East Tennessee to Richmond; Hagood's brigade from Charleston to Wilmington; Fifty-fourth Alabama

