HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin Depot, April 27, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the condition of my command continues to improve, although I have still to encounter many difficulties.

The infantry may be said to be respectably armed. The cavalry was hardly armed at all, but it is now nearly submitted, though of various calibers, and not of the best. Requisitions for arms and ammunition do not receive prompt attention, owing, I presume, to the great demands elsewhere.

My predecessor found it necessary to dismount the cavalry and send the horses to the rear from the impossibility of obtaining forage. Nearly all the grain has been taken from this department, and in some localities many families, especially those of soldiers, are in actual suffering. I am compelled to draw largely on the little grain in hands of my quartermaster to furnish meal for the troops, and it is with difficulty they can be kept rationed with breadstuffs. Most of the country in front is absolutely destitute. In a few days the grass (which is very late) may subsist the horses. Orders have been issued to collect them at once.

Having stopped furloughs, my last report forwarded shows a gratifying increase of effectives.

Echols' brigade is on the south side of Greenbriar River, about 7 miles from Lewisburg; Colonel McCausland's brigade at the Narrows of New River and Princeton, in Mercer County. Colonel W. L. Jackson is covering the country south of the Warm Springs with about 1,000 cavalry (dismounted), and with mounted scouts thrown forward to Huntersville and toward Beverly. I have a little cavalry in Tazewell County, to cover one of the approaches to Wytheville and the lead mines, and a large regiment and fourteen pieces of tolerable artillery at Saltville. A portion of General Buckner's troops are also near the latter point.

I propose to assemble General Jenkins' cavalry, which should be over 1,500 strong, in Monroe and Greenbriar. I have a good six-gun battery with each infantry brigade. Jenkins will have a battery of four guns (horse artillery), and Colonel Jackson has three guns, but is not fully equipped.

The enemy had, on the 1st of April, between Fayetteville and Charleston, about 4,200 infantry and cavalry, with a good supply of artillery. I heard, two days ago, of fifteen pieces being sent to Fayetteville (which is strongly fortified), and a re-enforcement of two regiments at Charleston. They are active on that line, and are assembling troops also at Beverly, in what number I hope to know in a few days. I do not see that we would again any great advantage in penetrating, temporarily, the Kanawha Valley. I prefer, when it becomes possible, a movement against the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

Under existing laws and regulations, I am impressing vigorously, and yet cannot get sufficient grain for men and animals.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

