
week. I know it would have afforded the troops great pleasure, and I think it would have been attended with benefit. I know not what the following week may bring forth. For some cause there seems to be a pause in the movements of the Army of the Potomac. It has apparently completed its preparations, and for some days back no additions have been made to it. There is great activity in their camps, change of position, &amp;c., and they are apparently surrounding Culpeper Court-House with field-works. I am much rejoiced at the successes which have attended the operations in North Carolina and hope for more good results. I did not expect the return of Hoke's brigade until the works was accomplished or it could be spared, but I think it very important that it should be restored to its division as soon as possible. When troops have been serving together for some time a mutual confidence is established between officers and men, and their separation produces a greater evil than even the diminution of strength. I have witnessed this and heard it expressed by all parties. There are two regiments with General Hoke, the Twenty-first Georgia and Forty-third North Carolina, which belong to other brigades, and which should at once be restored to them. I am glad of General Hoke's promotion, though sorry to lose him, unless he can be sent to me with a division. General Beauregard's presence in North Carolina will, I hope, ward off the danger threatened to that position. If now General Johnston can be strengthened sufficiently to enable him to strike at Sherman before his forces are united it will be attended with the happiest results. For this purpose, if even temporarily, I have thought he might draw from Generals Polk and Maury about 10,000 troops. I have not yet been able to see General Longstreet's corps. It is much diminished from his report, and I am having it equipped as fast as our means will allow. The grass is springing now and I am drawing the cavalry and artillery nearer to me. I regret I cannot spare General E. Johnson at this time; expecting to go into battle any day, it would be very hazardous to assign a new commander to his division. There is no one in it whom I could recommend for the position. I could spare Early better at this time than Johnson, because I might get Gordon or Hoke of that division in his place. I am also embarrassed by the apprehension that I am preventing so worthy a soldier as General Johnson from promotion, though that was not stated by General Cooper. I hope it may not be necessary at this time to take him away.

With great esteem, most respectfully, yours,

R. E. LEE,

General.

ABINGDON, April 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General:

What extent with reference to co-operation with General Breckinridge am I expected or authorized to move or to accompany troops from this department?

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

