
After a skirmish, in which they were worsted, the enemy are retiring on Tennessee. I will, as soon as practicable, throw troops in position to aid you.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, August 28, 1864.

General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

The following telegram just received from General Buckner, dated April 27:

Averell, with 2,500 cavalry, was certainly at Point Pleasant on 20th, expecting to start on a raid in a very few days.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

DUBLIN, April 28, 1864-3.15 p.m.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch received. I have reason to think Averell's brigade reached Charleston (Kanawha) about a week ago. An escaped prisoner reports large numbers of troops passing Point Pleasant in boats (up the Ohio) for several days before and after the 5th of April, destined, as they said, for Richmond.

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, April 28, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN ECHOLS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Monroe County, Va.:

GENERAL: It is hard work with the troops we have to defend the salt-works, the lead mines, the railroad, the iron-works, &c., dotted over an extended country accessible to attack from many quarters. Yet I will do all I am short of entire and fatal separation of the troops.

An advance by us at this moment is impossible. The enemy may advance on the west or the east of New River from Kanawha, or he may move from Beverly, or all together. As yet there are no certain indications. He may make a raid or a general advance. Either you or McCausland can whip a raiding party. In case of a general advance we must concentrate. Active scouts pushed far will give notice enough to secure this. Should the enemy advance from Kanawha in force too strong for you it is not desirable, unless absolutely necessary, to retire toward the east. This would divide the troops, not to mention other considerations. We must expect feints to accompany the real movement of the enemy. Your position is quite far in advance, but I don't want to give up Greenbriar, Monroe, &c., and you will allow me to say that our intercourse has strengthened my confidence in your vigilance and discretion. Colonel Jackson should collect his horses at once, and do the best he can for forage. Matters look too imminent for delay.

