
Small quantities of breadstuffs are procured with the greatest difficulty. Employ the utmost economy, and if possible reduce the forage rations, substituting grass.

Respectfully and truly,

JNO. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, April 28, 1864-11 p.m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

One of my scouts and spies, perfectly reliable, is just in. Averell's command reached Camp Piatt on Monday evening. Three or four infantry regiments have also reached the valley. The force now there is estimated at 8,000 men. My impression is that the main force will go through Raleigh, as large quantities of hard bread have been taken to Fayette Court-House in last few days. Their intention is to strike Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. This information was obtained direct from one of Averell's colonels. Large force at Beverly collecting; their object is Staunton. I will write you fully.

JNO. ECHOLS,Brigadier-General.

NARROWS, April 28, 1864.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Stollings' (Forty-fifth) battalion has just arrived from Boone County. Averell's brigade-five regiments of cavalry-had reached Charleston. An escaped prisoner has also arrived, and reports that large numbers of troops have been passing up the Ohio River, and they said they were going to Richmond. As many as twenty-five steamboats loaded with troops have passed Point Pleasonton in one day. The force at Kanawha is estimated at nine regiments of infantry and seven of cavalry. Captain Stollings thinks they will operate on the west side of New River. I am of the same opinion. The road will be completed to Rocky Gap by the 1st May.

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, April 28, 1864.

Colonel JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Commanding, Narrows, New River:

COLONEL: I do not wish to give up Greenbriar and Monroe, and as to an advance, Echols can hardly be fed where he is; besides, it would require a union of all the forces.

The enemy is evidently preparing for a raid or a general advance. Either you or Echols can whip a raiding party. If he advances in force we must concentrate so that the brigades must not at any time be too far apart.

The enemy has two routes open to him from the Kanawha, one on the east, the other on the west of New River. He may also come from direction of Beverly. As yet there is no certain indication of

