
quarters Army of Tennessee, Dalton, Ga., and report to General J. E. Johnston, commanding, &amp;c.

X. Colonel John W. Evans, with his regiment, the Sixty-fourth Georgia Volunteers, will proceed by railroad to headquarters Army of Northern Virginia, and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &c., for assignment to Brigadier General A. R. Wright's brigade.

XI. So much of paragraph XL, Special Orders, No. 89, current series, as refers to the First Regiment Georgia Volunteers is hereby revoked.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, April 29, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I received this morning a report from a scout just from the vicinity of Washington that General Burnside, with 23,000 men, 7,000 of which are negroes, marched through that city on Monday last to Alexandria. He also states that the Eleventh and Twelfth Corps have not been sent to Virginia. This report was forwarded by General Fitz. Lee from Fredericksburg, and I presume the scout to the Stringfellow. If so, he has good grounds for his assertion. If true, I think it shows that Burnside's destination is the Rappahannock frontier, and that he will have to be met north of the James River. I would therefore recommend that the troops which you design to oppose him, which are south of that river, be drawn toward it. I think there are sufficient troops in North Carolina for the local operations contemplated there without those sent from this army, and request that Hoke's brigade and the two regiments attached to it be returned to me. I think it better to keep the organization of the corps complete, and, if necessary, to detach a corps than to weaken them and break them up. I have kept Longstreet in reserve for such an emergency, and shall be too weak to oppose Meade's army without Hoke's and R. D. Johnston's brigades. The enemy yesterday made a demonstration on our left with two brigades of cavalry. The supporting force could not be accurately ascertained. He advanced no farther than Robertson River, sending about a regiment of cavalry into Madison Court-House, and retired at night.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. DEPT. NORTH CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA.,Weldon, N. C., April 29, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &c., Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: As it may become important to the War Department during the coming campaign to ascertain as soon as practicable if any of the enemy's forces from the Department of South Carolina,

