
Georgia, and Florida have been transferred to the armies of North Carolina or Virginia, I send you, as follows, the names of most of General Gillmore's general officers, whose arrival in those States might be an indication of a corresponding transfer of troops: Brigadier-General's Seymour, Vodges, Terry, Hatch, Schimmelfenning, and Turner, chief of staff. It may be well to remark here that most of these brigadier-generals are in command of divisions, their brigades being commanded by colonels. Should it be probable that I may have to operate soon north of the James River I have to request that maps of that part of the country should be prepared before-hand for me, showing all the roads, rivers, fords, swamps, &amp;c., and that material for temporary bridges should be collected whenever they may be required for rapid offensive movements. I take this opportunity to remark that should the operations of the coming campaign make it necessary that I should be placed immediately under the orders of that distinguished officer, General R. E. Lee, I would take pleasure in aiding him to crush our enemies and to achieve the independence of our country.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

MAY 2, 1864.

Respectfully referred for the information of the War Department and President.

Brigadier-Generals Vogdes and Terry have arrived with troops at Fort Monroe, and the best information tends to show a general transfer of troops from the south to operate against this point.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

MAY 4, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 7, 1864.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the President, in accordance with General Bragg's suggestion.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Fourth indorsement.]

MAY 9, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Maps of the country, with such additions as may from time to time be made, should be kept on hand in the Engineer Bureau and furnished to officers in the field. Preparation of material for bridges, &c., will continue to be made as heretofore, and with such additional effort as circumstances require. I did not doubt the

