
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. KINSTON MILITARY DISTRICT, No. 5. Kinston, N. C., April 29, 1864.

I. In pursuance of orders from the general commanding the department, I assume command of the troops in the Kinston Military District, embracing the country between the Tar and Trent Rivers.

II. The following-named officers will constitute my staff and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Captain Edward H. Barnwell, assistant adjutant-general and inspector; Captain James Lowndes, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant George L. Washington, aide-de-camp.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Kinston, N. C., April 29, 1864.

Colonel WHITFORD,Commanding Outposts near Coward's Bridge:

COLONEL: You will order a rapid and close reconnaissance, with such cavalry as you can spare for the purpose, for the purpose of ascertaining the meaning of the recent movement of the enemy from Washington toward New Berne. You will instruct the officer commanding the party to furnish the information obtained to the commanding officer of our forces near Washington (General Ransom), and also to these headquarters, as early as practicable. If there is any information of interest that can be sent here by 5 o'clock this evening, General Hoke would be able to avail himself of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

APRIL 30, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: A dispatch from General Lee to the President, just received, reports Burnside certainly moving rapidly to join Meade, and General L. urges the movement of all assistance practicable to his front. The Secretary of War concurs with me in the following: Urge the expedition of General Hoke to an issue at once, so that his force may join General Lee. It will be best to telegraph Beauregard at Kinston, where he went yesterday to confer with Hoke. Order B. R. Johnston's brigade from Bristol here, and Hagood's from Wilmington; Colquitt's or Wise's may also be safely sent on from Charleston. As Wise's are Virginia troops, they may be best, but you know them better than I can. These orders should be sent to-night if possible.

Very respectfully,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

84 R R-VOL XXXIII

