
disclosing everything connected with those events that have been completed. Such is not the case, in my opinion, and I have seen already some of the evil consequences that ensue from such publications. In my own reports I endeavor to explain the reasons that induced me to adopt any particular line of policy, and those reasons may influence my action on future occasions. Sometimes our movements are controlled by the nature of the country and other physical causes; at others they are governed by an assumed intention of the enemy, and frequently by both cause combined. It is no little advantage to our opponents to know how we are affected, or what action is induced by movements of theirs, or by any other state of circumstances. Particularly is this the case at the present time. The operations of his campaign are likely to cover many localities that have been the scene of some of the events narrated in my reports, and it is by no means impossible that we may have to deal with combinations of circumstances in all respects analogous to some that have already been encountered, and I feel that I should be embarrassed if the enemy knew the line of conduct pursued by me on former occasions and the reasons that governed me.

I am afraid that much injury has already been done by these publications. I should be well pleased to have as accurate information as to the strength, means, and difficulties of the enemy as the publication of the correspondence between General Johnston and the Department afforded them of our situation and strength in Mississippi. I have no doubt their subsequent expedition into that State was based to some extent upon the knowledge derived from that publication. I have seen comments upon the short report I forwarded of the Pennsylvania campaign, which show that the enemy do not fail to appreciate the information it contained, and will avail themselves of it should another invasion be attempted.

I beg that, if it be possible, no reports may be made public, at least until after the campaign. Congress can use them, but it is not necessary for any purpose to disseminate them, and will seriously embarrass me in directing our own movements and understanding those of the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 30, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: My dispatch of 1.45 p.m. to-day announced to you the march of Burnside's forces through Centreville. Citizens report the arrival of his troops at Rappahannock Station. I send you the Philadelphia Inquirer of the 26th, from which you will learn that all their available forces are being advanced to the front. They are also apparently drawing troops from Florida and the southern coast. Lieutenant-Colonel Mosby, who was within a mile of Centreville on the 28th, the day that Burnside passed through, learned from prisoners that no troops were left at Annapolis except convalescents. I see no evidence of more troops being brought from Tennessee, and it may be inferred from newspapers sent, and from the Washington Chronicle of the 27th, that the Twelfth Corps is still in that department.

