
As far as I can judge, although there may be a large force in Tennessee, it seems to occupy an extended line, and is not yet concentrated as if for attack. If General Johnston could be re-enforced from Mobile, or by General Polk, he might be able to penetrate their lines of successfully resist their advance. Our scouts report that the engineer troops, pontoon trains, and all the cavalry of Meade's army have been advanced south of the Rappahannock. The regiments of the old Fifth Corps, which have been guarding the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, have been brought forward and replaced by negro troops. Everything indicates a concentrated attack on this front, which renders me the more anxious to get back the troops belonging to this army, and causes me to suggest, if possible, that others be moved from points at the south, where they can be spared, to Richmond. There will no doubt be a strong demonstration made north of south of the James River, which Beauregard will be able successfully to resist. I judge also, from present indications, that Averell and Sigel will move against the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad or Staunton, to resist which Generals Breckinridge and Imboden should act in concert. I have requested them to do so.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,April 30, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Commanding Department of Western Virginia:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 24th was received three days ago, and I have delayed answering it in the hope that further developments of the enemy's plans would be made from day to day, but as yet I have been unable to discover his purpose. I have dispatches from Hampshire this morning of date 28th instant. Considerable bodies of troops from the West have been passing for a week over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to re-enforce Grant, reported to be the veteran troops of Grant's old command. Sigel has 800 cavalry in Cumberland and 300 at Springfield in Hampshire, and a considerable body of infantry at New Creek, all under marching orders, and believed to be in readiness to co-operate with Averell, whose precise whereabouts I cannot discover. He was personally present in Cumberland about a week ago in conference with Sigel. Citizens from Martinsburg on yesterday report that he is at that place. I do not believe this last report. The force to my front is small, guarding the railroad, and apparently meditating no advance up this valley, though I believe an advance will be made from New Creek and Cumberland through Hardy, Pendleton, and Highland to co-operate with a movement from Beverly and the Kanawha Valley. I have an effective force of a little over 2,000 men. I am concentrating about 1,500 of these about 20 miles northwest of Staunton; the residue I will leave in Shenandoah and Page as scouts and pickets. With my main body I will have to make the best defense I can of the Virginia Central Railroad and of Staunton and Lexington if menaced or attacked. The great difficulty with me is that I am threatened from two directions, New Creek and Beverly, and possibly from Martinsburg.

