
relieved. I regret to say the line was not relieved, and my pickets were the last to recross the river, which was accomplished, however, without loss at 1 a. m.

I need hardly say that I am satisfied with the conduct of the brigade. The passage of the river under the circumstances was calculated to put to a severe test the bravery and fortitude of the troops. To have been accomplished with so little loss is especially creditable to them, as indicating the good order and impetuosity what which it was done.

I beg to make honorable mention of the following officers: Captain R. S. Seabury, my assistant adjutant-general, in command of the skirmishers, for the gallant manner in which he crossed the river, being the first on the other side, and for the good judgment displayed in conducting the line of skirmishers to the front; Lieutenant Colonel William H. Baird, of the One hundred and twenty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, for gallantry maintaining his ground on the skirmish line during the whole afternoon; also the officers with the 300 men (for whose names I refer you to the reports of the regimental commanders) for the efficient manner in which they managed their commands; Colonel Crandell, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment; Colonel James M. Bull, of the One hundred and twenty-sixth; Lieutenant-Colonel Lusk, of the One hundred and eleventh, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hughes, of the Thirty-ninth, for the promptness with which they executed orders; Captain Joseph Hyde, assistant inspector-general on my staff, and Lieutenant P. C. Rogers, acting aide-de-camp, for the valuable assistance rendered by them.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA T. OWEN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant JOHN S. SULLIVAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James G. Hughes, Thirty-ninth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,February 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part this regiment (Thirty-ninth New York Volunteers) took in the reconnaissance of the 6th day of February, 1864:

The regiment left camp on the 6th instant at 7 a. m., with 18 officers and 390 men under my command. I detailed Captains Baer and Schwickardi to command all the old soldiers of the regiment (100 in number) as skirmishers to cross the Rapidan River, which they did in gallant style, driving the enemy from their rifle-pits and capturing 15 prisoners. The regiment was the second to form line on the opposite side of the river. It marched in line of battle to within gunshot of the enemy's skirmishers. About 12 m. I changed front to the right and took position on the Morton's Ford road. About 5 p. m. I was ordered to form line of battle to the right of General Hays' headquarters, under a heavy fire of the enemy, which

