
February 7. - The First Division marched about 2 miles nearer the ford, and at about 5 p. m. returned under orders to its winter quarters. The Third Division at 7 a. m. resumed the march in the direction of Mitchell's Station, in the vicinity of which the division arrived at 10 a. m. and halted; remained until sunset, when orders came to return to camp, where the division arrived at 11 p. m.

Numbers 22. Reports of Brigadier General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Barnett's Ford, February 7, 1864.

Arrived here last evening late. Chapman's brigade last night found but little opposition on approaching ford. I am starting now to feel the enemy. Lomax is here below near Peyton's Ford. But little loss yet. There is danger of my return being interfered with by infantry unless ours keeps up demonstration. The roads are in very horrible condition, much worse than I expected. This will be telegraphed from Culpeper. Please communicate.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,February 9, 1864.

COLONEL: I submit the following report of the operations of this division during the recent demonstrations:

The division moved as ordered on the morning of the 6th, crossing the Robertson River in two columns, at Smoot's or Hume's Ford and at Aylor's Ford, where the enemy's cavalry pickets were driven in. These retired before the command, offering but slight resistance, to the Rapidan, which river was reached about 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 6th. Owing to the heavy roads and obstructions which had to be cleared away for the passage of the artillery, the Reserve Brigade and battery did not get up in time to do anything on the 6th.

Colonel Chapman's command, consisting of parts of the First and Second Brigades, moved up to the fort with but little opposition, finding only cavalry (Lomax's brigade of three regiments) on this side. It was driven across the river and the banks were picketed by our troops that night. Early in the morning of Barnett's Ford, when brisk skirmishing with small-arms and a lively duel was kept up by the artillery of Gibbs' brigade with that of the enemy until after midday.

The enemy did not show much infantry till a movement was made by us to cross the ford, when a brigade, which a deserter reported five regiments strong, moved down to the ford to support the skirmishers occupying the defenses on the south bank. Another camp

