
capture the more pleasant report of the capture of the enemy. The party continued the pursuit without success, and did not return to Warrenton until the middle of the afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier General of Vols., Commanding Second Cavalry Division.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Major James W. Walsh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,January 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have just received a report from Captain Gillmore, who is picketing in my front that the rebels charged, on his reserve, coming from the Warrenton side capturing all his horses, the greater portion of his men, and wounding a great many. The captain reports himself wounded. He wishes two ambulances to be sent out to bring in the wounded. I will have the picket-lines established in as quick time as possible. He reports the rebels having left in quick meter after collecting up the horses and men.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. WALSH,

Major, Commanding Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

Captain WRIGHT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant G. S. Luttrell Ward, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CAMP OF THIRD PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,

January 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 5th day of January, 1864, Captain Gillmore relieved a detachment of the First Brigade, First Division, Cavalry Corps, on the Sulphur Springs road, taking up the line as established under the supervision of the brigade officer of the day.

Everything remained quiet on the line until the morning of the 7th, when the corporal of the fifth relief started from camp to relieve the pickets. On reaching Numbers 3 post he discovered 10 or 12 men drawn up in line at the post. He immediately reported the fact to Captain Gillmore, who sent me with 10 men to his support. In the mean time they had made good their retreat without firing a shot. I scouted around the whole line, finding Numbers 3 post vacant, but no other indications of the presence of an enemy. The pickets received additional instructions as to vigilance, and nothing further occurred until between the hours of 4 and 5, when the second relief started from camp. They had been gone but a short time when a

