
roads from the Germanna pike, across the stone pike, over to the plank road from Orange Court-House to Fredericksburg. A considerable force under Colonel Alger drove a small body of rebel cavalry on the ridge road to Robertson's Tavern, and thence across to the plank road. Major Cooke, with his regiment, also made a successful reconnaissance up the river above Germanna as far as Jacobs' Ford, capturing the picket at that point. This ended operations for the day, and I went into camp near ---, on the Germanna plank road.

From all that I could learn, the enemy occupy the same position as when our army crossed in November last. He has no considerable force this side of Mine Run. Hampton's cavalry is at Hamilton's Crossing. A large number of his men are without horses or arms; 240 of his men picket the river from Germanna to the United States Ford; only a few of the last detail sent had horses. At 6 a. m. on the 7th I received orders to recross the river and return to camp. At 9 a. m. my entire command had recrossed without molestation, and reached camp at 4 p. m. without loss of a man. A few prisoners were taken and forwarded to the provost-marshal of the corps.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, February 8, 1864.

The forces of the enemy which crossed at Morton's Ford on Saturday were driven to the river under cover of their guns that evening. During the night they recrossed to the north bank, but remained in position yesterday. This morning they have disappeared. They left 17 dead and 46 prisoners in our hands. Our loss, 4 killed and 20 wounded. * The guard at the ford (a lieutenant and 25 men), while bravely resisting the passage of the enemy, were captured. The enemy's cavalry which appeared at Barnett's Saturday retired across Robertson River Sunday evening.

R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 25. Report of Henry C. Cabell, C. S. Artillery, commanding Artillery Battalion.

FEBRUARY 8, 1864.

GENERAL: Saturday morning between 10 and 11 o'clock a large force of the enemy drove in our pickets at Morton's Ford. The First

---------------

*Nominal list shows casualties in Lomax's brigade to have been 1 killed, 2 wounded, and 5 missing.

---------------

