
I have no doubt that a serious attack was designed by our enemy. It is generally thought that over 4,000 troops came across the river. Their reliance seemed to have been in finding us unprepared. Lieutenant-General Ewell brought up his whole corps to resist it.

The howitzer battery fired 104 rounds; Captain Carlton's battery fired 58 rounds; Captain Manly's battery fired 1 round; total fired at Morton's Ford, 163 rounds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. CABELL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. N. PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery, &amp;c.

FEBRUARY 6-8, 1864. - Expedition from Yorktown against Richmond, Va., including skirmishers at Bottom's Bridge and near Baltimore Store.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 2. - Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. - Brigadier General Eppa Hunton, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 8, 1864.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Our expedition, organized as stated in my dispatch,* left Williamsburg at 10 a. m. on Saturday. Arrived at Bottom's Bridge, within 12 miles of Richmond, at the time indicated, 2. 30 a. m. Sunday, but found the enemy there posted in strong force, and continually receiving accessions from Richmond by railroad. Waited till daylight, then found they had three regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and four batteries of artillery; the bridge taken up, and the fords effectually obstructed. An attempt was made gallantry to charge over one of them by a detachment of First New York Mounted Rifles, under Major Wheelan, with a loss of 9 killed and wounded. At 12 noon the infantry supports arrived within 7 miles, having made a march of 40 miles in twenty-seven hours. General Wistar says that with the infantry he could have forced the position; but as the enemy had received some intimation of the approach of the expedition the delay had defeated the main object, which was a dash at Richmond. Our forces then returned to New Kent Court-House; were followed by the enemy, who made an attack, but were handsomely repulsed, with loss on their side, by the Third New York Cavalry, under Colonel Lewis, assisted by one piece of Belger's battery. Our forces are returning at their leisure, unmolested. The cavalry have arrived at Williamsburg to-day about 3 p. m. Thus it will be seen that the cavalry in less than fifty hours have marched more than 100 miles.

---------------

*For organization see Wistar's report, p. 146.

---------------

