
ably executed movement upon Richmond, which failed only from one of those fortuitous circumstances against which no foresight can provide and no execution can overcome.

By the corruption and faithlessness of a sentinel, who is now being tried for the offense, a man condemned to death, but reprieved by the President, was allowed to escape within the enemy's lines, and there gave them such information as enabled them to meet our advance. This fact is acknowledged in two of the Richmond papers, the Examiner and the Sentinel, published the day after the attack, and is fully confirmed by the testimony before the court-martial, before which is being tried the man who permitted the escape. I beg leave to call your attention to the suggestion of General Wistar in his report, that the effect of the raid will be to hereafter keep as many troops around Richmond for its defense from any future movement of the Army of the Potomac as we have in this neighborhood.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BEJN. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding the Army.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

FORT MAGRUDER, February 6, 1864-10 a. m.

My infantry and artillery are now passing through Williamsburg, 2 miles from here, with small detachment some distance ahead to scatter enemy's infantry pickets, with the impression that they constitute the incursive force as usual. Cavalry and myself will start in one hour, passing infantry near Burnt Ordinary. Saw every detachment commander personally, and explained fully and distributed maps, spikes, matches, and files. All is well. General Graham here in command. If possible, will get news through to you by Monday night.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BUTLER.

CAMP AT NEW KENT, February 7, 1864-10 p. m.

My cavalry reached Bottom's Bridge at 2. 50 a. m. to-day and found the enemy in strong force. Owing to the peculiar darkness of the night it was impossible to attack till daylight. Enemy had four batteries artillery and certainly three regiments infantry, besides cavalry, and were all night and this morning receiving accessions by railroad. Bridge taken up, and all the fords effectually obstructed. A charge on the best-looking ford was gallantry but unsuccessfully executed by Major Wheelan with detachment of Onderdonk's mounted rifles. Loss, 9 killed and wounded; 10 horses killed. At 12 m. to-day, my infantry having arrived by forced marches within

10 R R - VOL XXXIII

