
7 miles, I withdrew; could have carried the position with infantry, but not worth while, the main object being defeated. Enemy pursued us to near this place; attacked us at Baltimore Store. Were handsomely repulsed with loss by Third New York Cavalry, Colonel Lewis, and one piece of Belger's battery. Expect an attack to-morrow.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General BUTLER.

FORT MAGRUDER, February 8, 1864.

Have just arrived after a 15-mile gallop with staff only from Burnt Ordinary, where I left the infantry and artillery strongly posted, with orders to march here at 6 a. m. The cavalry arrived here some time before me, having been sent forward for the want of forage. I regret your disappointment. It is no greater, i assure you, than mine. More might have been done for eclat by attacking the bridge; but under the circumstances, distance from base, no available troops in department to re-enforce me, evident preparation by enemy, and, above all, the entire defeat of the real object - in any event it would not have been wise in my judgment. Was I right? Have you any orders for the cavalry before it all leaves? I would like to use a little of it in Gloucester.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General BUTLER.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Yorktown, February 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following operations of the forces under my command, undertaken with a view to the surprise and capture of Richmond, and incidental results:

All the infantry and cavalry placed at my disposal by the general commanding, being about 4,000 of the former and 2,200 of the latter, was suddenly concentrated behind my lines at Williamsburg after dark on the evening of the 5th instant, together with Hunt's and Belger's light batteries.

The infantry, consisting of three white regiments, brigade under Colonel R. M. West, First Pennsylvania Light Artillery, and three colored regiments under Colonel Duncan, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, moved thence at 9 a. m. on the 6th, carrying on the person six days' rations in the knapsack and 70 rounds of cartridges - 40 in the boxes and 30 in the knapsack.

The cavalry, being detachments of five regiments under Colonel S. P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, moved two hours later. Colonel Spear was directed to arrive at Bottom's Bridge, 12 miles this side of Richmond, by 3 a. m. of the 7th, surprise it, and move on rapidly to Richmond. A picked company under Captain Hill, First New York Mounted Rifles, with selected horses, was placed in advance to ride down the three pickets - at New Kent, Baltimore Cross-Roads, and at the bridge. Arrangements had been previously

