
guard with vigor, but were quickly and handsomely repulsed by it, with the aid of a section of Belger's battery, the two pieces being alternately fired and retired to new positions. The enemy in this affair lost at least one officer and some few men, whom they abandoned till we had passed on.

The command bivouacked at New Kent unmolested, and on the 8th, the cavalry being out of forage, which the country did not afford, were sent ahead, arriving at Williamsburg the same evening. The infantry bivouacked in order of battle at Burnt Ordinary, and to-day returned to their former camp, having marched during the four days of their absence 33, 28, 18, and 25 miles, respectively, with alacrity and cheerfulness, and almost without straggling, the colored troops being in this respect, as usual, remarkable. With the exception of a little looseness of discipline in one or two of the cavalry regiments in returning, the conduct of officers and men, both in action and on the march, was everything that could be desired.

The whole result of the expedition, in addition to one or two prisoners captured and a few refugees, escaped Union prisoners, and negroes picked up and brought in, is the obvious fact that a small force in this vicinity, actively handled, can and should hold a much superior force of the enemy in the immediate vicinity of Richmond inactive except for its defense.

I have the honor to be, major, with great respect, your obedient servant,

ISAAC J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, February 12, 1864.

Report approved.

The operation was skillfully and brilliantly done. It gives the commanding general renewed confidence in General Wistar as a commander of a division.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Eppa Hunton, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Chaffin's Farm, February 7, 1864.

MAJOR: The enemy reached Bottom's Bridge at 4. 15 o'clock last night, of which I presume you have been informed by Colonel Shinlger, who was directed to report all the enemy's movements to you by telegraph. I am anxious about the position above Bottom's Bridge, lest Colonel Shingler's position should be turned and his command endangered. If the enemy succeed in crossing the Chickahominy, I shall move out the rest of my command on the Varina and New Market roads. The artillery from the other side of the

