
They brought very few wagons (not over fifteen or twenty in all) and a rapid raid only seems to have been contemplated. It would not surprise me if they had fallen back to make a better start, probably on some other road. I shall keep up the utmost diligence until I am satisfied. Please inform me if I shall recall the infantry and Major Stark's artillery, as soon as Colonel Shingler is satisfied the expedition is abandoned. Please answer this last inquiry to-night.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

EPPA HUNTON,

Brigadier-General.

[Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS,Chaffin's Farm, February 9, 1864.

MAJOR: From information deemed reliable and received last night, the enemy's force recently threatening my front consisted of the following commands: Cavalry, First District of Columbia, Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania, First New York Mounted Rifles, Fifth Pennsylvania, Third New York, and Fifth U. S. Colored Troops; infantry, three regiments negroes, One hundred and thirty-ninth New York, one Delaware regiment, and fifteen pieces of artillery. The enemy, as reported by Colonel Shingler's scouts, passed Slatersville yesterday morning, and he (Colonel Shingler) thinks they are now in Williamsburg. His estimate of their force is 5,000, and Major Robertson's 8,000.

I have heard nothing definite of any movement on the other side of the York River, and I presume there is no danger to the wagon train under Captain Smith, sent for pork to King and Queen. This train consists of thirteen of my best teams, and the loss of it would break me.

Respectfully, &c.,

EPPA HUNTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 9, 1864. - Reconnaissance toward Swansborough, N. C.

Report of Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Sub-district of Beaufort.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT, N. C.,Morehead City, February 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that I made a reconnaissance yesterday to within a few miles of Swansborough and in the direction of Young's Cross-Roads, and to report no enemy between Young's Cross-Roads, White Oak River, and my lines. I marched from Newport at 2 p. m. on the 9th instant with about 800 infantry, 33 cavalry, and two pieces of artillery; returned to Newport, arriving at 2 p. m., after marching about 36 miles; recaptured 1 of our

