
horses,and found 2 of the enemy's wounded at a house, who will be sent to a hospital at once. The enemy is reported to have retired to Jacksonville and Trenton.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 11, 1864. -Gilmor's Rail on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelly, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.

Numbers 3. -Synopsis of testimony as to robbery of the passengers.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelly, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 12, 1864. (Received 8. 45 p. m.)

The express train west last night was thrown off the track near Kearneysville by a hand of Gilmor's guerrillas, numbering about 25. They did not burn the train or take away any prisoners, but robbed the conduct and passengers of quite a sum of money. Brigadier-General Sullivan reports his cavalry in pursuit. General Duffie reports his cavalry had captured a portion of the guerrilla force that took General Scammon, but does not say that the general is recaptured.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, February 24, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that Major H. W. Gilmor, commanding cavalry battalion, has made a successful attack upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

On the night of the 11th instant he, with 20 men, penetrated to the railroad at Brown's Shop, between Kearneysville and Fuffield's Depot, attacked the express train from Baltimore, threw it from the track, disabling the engine and damaging the track. He captured nearly 90 prisoners, but owing to the proximity of the enemy was compelled to abandon them, having taken away their arms. He returned to Mount Jackson without loss, although pursued, as he states, as far as Strasburg by four or five regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Chief of Staff.

