
had boasted that he had arranged the whole affair. He says he can name every man concerned but could not prove the fact, but gives the names of others who can; also states that Gilmor had boasted that he had arranged the matter with the detectives, and could manage the whole detective force of the Government.

The papers above referred to were sent by the department to General Imboden, with orders to investigate the whole matter. The proof obtained by General Imboden was as follows:

Captain Owings, quartermaster of Gilmor's battalion, states that Gilmor gave him $160 in gold to buy a horse with, and told him that most of it was taken from a Jew, and that he had arranged the affair, though he did not take the money personally. Gilmor stated that Cherry, Martin, and others were engaged; other names not remembered. The robbery took place below Harrisonburg. The conversation took place son after Gilmor's return from the railroad expedition. Gilmore was in liquor when the conversation occurred.

Captain Ross, of Gilmor's battalion, testifies that he conversed with several of the men engaged in the railroad robbery, who told him they got no gold. He talked with Martin, and told him that if he had had anything to do with robbing the Jew named Hyman he had better make a clean breast of it. Martin said that he met Major Gilmor near Fisher's Hill with other men not recognized. He did not know Gilmor until the latter hailed him, nor was Gilmor riding his own horse. Gilmor ordered Martin with some others to follow a wagon then near to a certain place, and take out two boys named Cross and remove them out of sight of the wagon. The wagon contained Jews. Martin's share of the gold was about $800. Gilmor acknowledged to Captain Ross that he had arranged the affair of robbing the Jew; had put the men concerned all right, and had stood off and seen the thing well done.

Quartermaster-Sergeant Gorsuch, of Gilmor's battalion, testifies that the men got but little gold, if any, from the railroad.

Private John Bosley, Company C, Gilmor's battalion, told Gorsuch that he had seen a pile of gold in the possession of Major Gilmor.

Private Todd, of Company C, told Bosley that he (Todd) had received about $800, and also that Major Gilmor, Cherry, Mel. Todd, Martin, and one man in McNeill's company were engaged in robbing they Jew. Bosley also stated that Martin had given more than $500 to Cherry's mother, in Staunton.

Private Harding, Company C, testifies that he stopped all night below Woodstock the day after the railroad affair, and that the next morning he met Gilmor, ex-Lieutenant Billings, and Snodgrass, with two or three others, going down the valley, and a man remarked that he would "bet the major was on the make now. "

Lieutenant Kemp testifies that he heard Cherry say that he had placed some money in the hands of Todd; do not know how much. Heard Major Gilmor say that he was not there, or that they would not catch him in the affair; does not remember the words.

In Major Gilmor's report of the attack on the railroad he says Cherry was present, but he was aware of it until after the affair was over.

