
RAILROAD ROBBERY.

Gilmor's report state the reasons why he did not bring off the prisoners taken in the cars. Alleges that the robbery of the passengers was without his knowledge and against his orders. States that he took about $900 in greenbacks from the mail-bags. That when the train was first attacked he went to get in the express car to break open the safe, but went into the smoking-car by mistake. The robbery took place while he was engaged in the express and smoking car, where one of the passengers attacked him. The report shows that the principal attention was given to plunder.

Sergeant Levy, Company B, testifies that Gilmor gave orders the evening before not to molest citizens were robbed the robber should be shot. More robberies were committed.

Quartermaster Sergeant Gorsuch proves that men who were on the expedition admitted that they robbed citizens, except those in the ladies's car. Pistols, money, and clothing were taken.

Private Bosley testifies to the admissions of men engaged on the railroad that they had robbed passengers. One man took a watch from a lady.

Private harding testifies that they were ordered not to take anything from the employes of the railroad, but understood they might take from citizens. He remonstrated against the proceeding, and told Gilmor there were so good Southern men as himself in the train. One man got $13 in gold and silver. Gilmor told them they might take anything form the conductor or from the express agent.

FEBRUARY 14, 1864. -Affair near Brentsville, Va.

Abstract from Record of Events on return of Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac, for February, 1864.

February 14. -An escort from [Thirteenth Pennsylvania] regiment, under Lieutenant Patrick S. Early, was attacked by guerrillas concealed in woods near Brentsville, Va. We had 2 men killed and 4 wounded.

FEBRUARY 16, 1864. -Affair at Fairfield, N. C.

Report of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, New Berne, N. C., February 23, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that General Wessells, commanding Sub-district of the Albermarle, dispatched the army gunboat Foster on the 16th to the Alligator River upon a reconnaissance. Her crew was re-enforced by Lieutenant Helm and 30 men fo the One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers. Hearing that the

