
Spencer Rangers were quartered at Fairfield, Captain McLaughlin proceeded in two launches, surprised the outpost, and captured the whole company, consisting of Captain Spencer, 1 lieutenant, and 26 privates. Much property was taken. This enterprise was conducted in a heavy snow-storm, and entitles all concerned to the highest praise. Another proof is added of the value of our army gun-boats.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS,HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. CAROLINA, Numbers 24. New Berne, N. C., March 2, 1864.

The commanding general is gratified at being enabled to announce another in the series of successful enterprises against the enemy projected by Brigadier-General Wessels, commanding Sub-district of the Albermarle.

The army gun-boat Foster, Captain McLaughlin commanding, with a detachment of infantry under Lieutenant Helm, One hundred and first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was sent on the 16th of February on an expedition to Fairfield, N. C., where a band of guerrillas under command of Captain Spencer was quartered. The camp was surprised, the arms and stores secured, and the whole company taken prisoners without loss on our side. The affair was conducted in a severe snow-storm, and reflects much credit upon the officers and men concerned.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 17-18, 1864. -Scout from Warrenton, and skirmish near Piedmont, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John W. Kester, First New Jersey Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW JERSEY CAVALRY, February 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions, I started from Warrenton with 350 men, comprising the following commands: One hundred and fifty, First New Jersey; 100, First Pennsylvania; 50, Third Pennsylvania, and 50, First Massachusetts. It being very cold I marched rapidly, and at Salem I sent Lieutenant Bradbury, Third Pennsylvania, with 50 men of the First Massachusetts, to pass through Upperville and meet the rest of the command at Paris, in Ashby's Gap. I took the main column on the Peidmont. At that point I sent Captain Hart with 150 men of the First New Jersey Cavalry to pass through Peidmont Valley and stop at Paris until I arrived. With 100 men of the First Pennsylvania, under Captain McGregor, and 50 men of the Third Pennsylvania, under Captain Wetherill, I marched to Markham Station in Man-

