
assas Gap. From that point I crossed the mountains by a by-path, and joined the other parties at Paris at 12 o'clock on the day of the 18th. The column under Lieutenant Bradbury lost their way and came into Paris without passing through Upperville, and captured some horses and arms without seeing any of the enemy. The column under Captain Hart passed through Piedmont Valley, and surprised and captured 15 of Mosby's guerrillas and furloughed soldiers, and a quantity of arms, equipments, and horses. The other column with myself passed into Manassas Gap to Markham, and furloughed soldiers, and a quantity of arms, equipments, horses, and some medical stores. The latter we destroyed. As we came near Paris about 40 guerrillas charged on my rear guard. I sent a squadron and charged, scattering them. No casualties on our side. I stopped one hour at Paris, and started to return at 1 o'clock. By this time the guerrillas had collected together in a body, numbering nearly 100 men, who made repeated attempts to capture my rear guard, which they paid dearly for. At one time 1 man was shot from his horse;l at another, 2 were knocked over, and norther, an officer, was dismounted and wounded, and was rescued by his comrades, but his horse and trappings fell into our hands.

The casualties on our side were: Captain Hart, First New Jersey, slightly wounded, and 2 horses killed. The guide you furnished me was of great assistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. KESTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HENRY C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division.

FEBRUARY 20, 1864. -Skirmishes at Upperville and Front Royal, Va.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Abstract from Record of Events on return of Cavalry Brigade, Department.

Numbers 3. -Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., February 20, 1864.

The prisoners captured by Major Cole are part of Mosby's men. Mosby to-day received his commission of lieutenant-colonel. His officers were dressed up, celebrating it. Cole caught them with their good clothes on. Our loss 2 killed, 3 wounded, 1 missing. Rebels', 5 killed; wounded unknown.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

General KELLEY.

