
Numbers 2. Abstract from Record of Events on return of Cavalry Brigade, Department of West Virginia, for February, 1864.

February 20. -Three parties were sent out of 200 men by way of Loudoun, under command of Major Cole, who met Mosby's troops at or near Upperville, and after a severe skirmish lost 1 captain and 1 private killed and several missing; captured 18 rebels. Another party under command of Colonel Taylor went to Front Royal; drove the rebels from there, who took to the mountains. We captured 8 prisoners. The third party went to Strasburg without meeting the enemy. Captain W. L. Morgan, Company A, First New York Veteran Cavalry, was killed in action near Upperville.

Numbers 3. Reported of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

FEBRUARY 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that about 8 o'clock yesterday morning, on being informed that a large body of the enemy's cavalry were in Upperville, I took immediate steps to be prepared to meet them. The enemy proceeded some distance along the pike toward Piedmont, when they started back. I did all in my power to retard my men time to collect. After getting between 50 and 60 together i attacked them about 12 miles beyond Upperville. A sharp skirmish ensued, in which we repulsed them in three distinct charges and drove their sharpshooters from a very strong position behind a stone wall. They fled in the direction of Harper's Ferry. We pursued them about 2 miles. They were enabled to cover their retreat by means of their numerous carbineers posted behind stone fences. As my men had nothing but pistols, with only a few exceptions, I was compelled to make flank movements in order to dislodge them, which, of course, checked a vigorous pursuit. Citizens who counted the enemy inform me that they numbered 250 men, under command of Major Cole. They left 6 of their dead on the field, among them 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 7 men prisoners; also, horses, army equipments, &amp;c. The road over which they retreated was strewn with abandoned hats, haversacks, &c. They left 6 of their dead on the field, among them 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 7 men prisoners; also, horses, army equipments, &c. The road over which they retreated was strewn with abandoned hats, haversacks, 7c. They impressed wagons to carry off their wounded.

While all acted well, with but few exceptions, it is a source of great pride to bring to your notice the names of some whose conspicuous gallantry renders their mention both a duty and a pleasure. They are Captain and Lieutenant Chapman, Lieutenants Fox, Richards, Sergeants Palmer, Lavender, and Privates Munson, Edmons, Montjoy, Starke, and Cunningham. My loss was 2 wounded.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

