
FEBRUARY 21-22, 1864. -Skirmishes near Circleville and Dravesville, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS TYLER'S DIVISION, Fairfax Court-House, Va., February 23, 1864-9 p. m.

I have the honor to report that a detachment of 125 men of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry, and 25 men of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry, under command of Captain J. S. Reed, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, encountered, on the 21st instant, in the vicinity of Circleville Post-Office, 70 of Mosby's men, whom they defeated with severe loss to them. On their return, within 2 miles of Dranesville, on the Leesburg turnpike, they were ambuscaded by a force of between 200 and 300 men, under command of Mosby. Captain Reed's command fought well, but were finally driven toward the Potomac, in the vicinity of Muddy Branch. On receipt of the intelligence, a large force went immediately in pursuit, without, however, overtaking the enemy, who had ten hours the start, and the pursuit beyond Goose Creek was abandoned. Our loss was 10 killed and 7 wounded. Among the former, I regret to say, way Captain Reed, a brave and noble soldier. About 60 of the detachment are yet unaccounted for. A report will be sent by mail to-morrow.

R. O. TYLER,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOSEPH H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion.

FEBRUARY 23, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that about 11 o'clock on the 21st instant, having learned that a body of 180 of the enemy's cavalry were on a raiding expedition in the vicinity of Middleburg, I started in pursuit with about 160 men. On reaching Middleburg I found they had gone toward Leesburg via Mountville, and that they had come from Vienna, in Fairfax. Directing Captains Chapman, whom I left in command, to move down Goose Creek near to Ball's Mill, I went with a small squad to reconnoiter in person. On reaching Leesburg I discovered they had taken the Dranesville pike. After going about 6 miles in this direction they went into camp about 2 o'clock at night.

In the mean time i had ordered my command to Guilford Station, in order to keep pace with their movements and to be in a position to intercept them. After having ascertained where had encamped I moved my command out to the pike about 2 miles from Dranesville, at a point offering fine natural advantages for surpris-

