
ing an enemy. Distributing the different companies in positions where I could attack their front, flank, and rear simultaneously, we awaited the approach of the enemy. Soon the concerted signal-a volley from the carbineers under Montjoy--announced the time for attack. With a terrific yell, Chapman, Hunter, and Williams, with their brave commands, dashed on the unsuspecting Yankees. Surprised and confounded, with no time to form, they made but feeble resistance, and were perfectly overwhelmed by the shock of the charge. They fled in every direction in the wildest confusion, leaving on the field at least 15 killed and a considerable number wounded, besides 70 prisoners in our hands, with all their horses, arms, and equipments. Among their killed was the captain commanding. A captain and 2 lieutenants are among the prisoners, who belong to the California Battalion. Many of them were also driven into the Potomac. The gallantry of both my officers and men was unsurpassed.

My loss was 1 man killed and 4 wounded; none dangerously.

My thanks are due Captain Chapman and Lieutenants Williams and Hunter and Adjutant Chapman for their fidelity in executing every order.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, February 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This is another of the many brilliant exploits of this gallant leader. his boldness and skill are highly commended, as evidenced by the complete rout of the enemy with so small loss. Attention is invited to the special mention made of certain officers and men.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, March 8, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, uniting in the commendation bestowed by General Stuart.

R. E. LEE,General.

FEBRUARY 28, 1864. -Scout in Gloucester County, Va.

Report of Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

FEBRUARY 29, 1864-2. 50 p. m.

A party of 300 of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Captain Ackerly, of that regiment, sent out early yesterday morning to scout through Gloucester County, returned this morning, bringing in 5 prisoners and their horses. A detailed report will be

