
duly forwarded. There does not appear to be more than a very small number of the enemy in Gloucester or adjacent counties. They are scattered and difficult to find.

ROBT. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Monroe.

FEBRUARY 28-MARCH 1, 1864. -Custer's raid into Albemarle County, Va.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Feb. 29, 1864. -Skirmish at Stanardsville.

Skirmish near Charlottesville.

March. 1, 1864. -Skirmish near Stanardsville.

Skirmish at Burton's Ford.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant George W. Yates, aide-de-camp to Major-General Pleasonton, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3. -Brigadier General Francis T. Nicholls, C. S. Army.

Numbers 4. -Captain Marcellus N. Moorman, C. S. Artillery, commanding Stuart Horse Artillery.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General George A. Custer, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Madison Court-House, March 1, 1864-6 p. m.

SIR: I have just arrived at this point with my entire command. I will send a full report of my operations. My command is now being fed. I will report of my operations. My command is now be very much worn. I found Charlottesville and the brigade over the Rivanna guarded by four batteries of artillery, two brigades of cavalry, and a very large force of infantry. This will be sufficient reason for my not having destroyed the railroad bridge, but I destroyed the fine frame bridge over that steam, within 2 miles of the railroad; captured and destroyed a large camp of the enemy,after driving them from it; captured 6 caissons loaded with ammunition, 2 forges, and harness for both caissons and forges; burnt 3 large flouring mills filled with grain; captured 1 standard bearing the Virginia State arms; captured about 500 horses, 2 Government wagons, one loaded with bacon, and on my return was cut off by a large force of cavalry and artillery under Generals Stuart and Wickham. My command cut its way through without losing a man, except a few wounded. The enemy had several killed,a large number wounded, and we captured over 50 prisoners. Since yesterday morning I have marched 100 miles.

Very respectfully,

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See also Meade's report, p. 170.

---------------

11 R R-VOL XXXIII

