
forced the advance guard back upon the main body, but the entire regiment (Fifth U. S. Cavalry), being sent forward under Captain Arnold, gallantly repelled the charge of the enemy and drove them back in great disorder, capturing over 20 prisoners and recapturing those of our own men who had been taken in the first charge by the enemy. Without giving the enemy time to rally his scattered forces, I hurried forward my entire command, halting only long enough to allow Lieutenant Porter to place his guns in position and fire a few rounds after the retreating enemy. A portion of the enemy took the road to Bank's Ford, while the main body took the road leading to Burter's Ford. I pursued this latter force until he was driven across the South River, at a point near to Burton's Ford, on the Rapidan. A portion of my command crossed the South River and drove the enemy to the Rapidan. Here I placed my guns in position, and made other demonstrations as if determined to cross at Burton's Ford. The enemy, mistaking my real intentions, concentrated all his forces at this ford, for this purpose withdrawing them entirely from Banks' and the upper fords. Before he could detect my movement I faced my command about and moved rapidly to the road leading to Banks' Ford, at which point I crossed the river without molestation. The enemy discovered the change in my movements, but too late to profit thereby. A force of 500 cavalry, arrived in time to see my rear guard safely across the river.

My command returned to its camp without having suffered the loss of a man. While on this expedition it marched upwards of 150 miles, destroyed the bridge over the Rivanna River, burned 3 large flouring mills filled with grain and flour, captured 6 caissons and 2 forges, with harness complete; captured 1 standard bearing the arms of Virginia, over 50 prisoners, and about 500 horses, besides bringing away over 100 contrabands. A large camp of the enemy was also captured and destroyed near Charlottesville.

The conduct of the officers and men of my command was all that I could desire.

Respectfully submitted.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, March 2, 1864.

Brigadier General G. A. CUSTER,Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires me to express his entire satisfaction at the result of your expedition, and the gratification he has felt at the prompt manner in which the duties assigned to you have been performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. PARSONS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

