
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant George W. Yates, aide-de-camp to Major-General Pleasonton, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, March 3, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I joined an expedition, composed of 1,500 men and one section of artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Porter, Battery E, First Artillery, the whole commanded by Brigadier General George A. Custer, on the night of the 28th of February, 1864, at Madison Court-House, Va.

On the 29th, at 1 a. m., reveille was sounded, and "to horse" at 2 a. m. We immediately thereafter took up our line of march in the direction of the Rapidan River, traveling in a southwesterly direction. Approaching Wolftown we met a small cavalry picket, which fled at our approach. At daylight we struck the Rapidan River at its south fork, crossing at Banks' Mill Ford without opposition, and pushing forward in the direction of Stanardsville, at which place we arrived in the direction of Orange Court-House. Passing through Stanardsville we kept a course south by west in the direction of Charlottesville, arriving at the Rivanna River about 3 p. m., crossing its south fork at Naked Run on a large bridge. Here we heard the locomotives of four different trains of cars approaching Charlottesville from the direction of Gordonsville and Orange Court-House.

About 1 1\2 miles from the river we met the enemy's cavalry pickets, which were driven in toward Charlottesville. We soon, however, met a stout force of cavalry, the enemy having mean time opened fire from three pieces of artillery. We ascertained from prisoners and citizens captured that the enemy were pretty strong, having one battalion of artillery (twenty pieces), one brigade of cavalry. The infantry had evidently just arrived by the trains above mentioned, and I am satisfied by the reports of prisoners that there was no infantry at Charlottesville an hour before our arriving at Rivanna River.

Captain Ash, of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry, with 65 men, was sent to the left in the direction of the enemy's guns to reconnoiter. He charge the enemy's artillery camp, driving them back, and succeeded in capturing 6 caissons and 2 artillery forges, which he destroyed. He then burned their camp and camp equipage, &amp;c. Heavy columns of infantry then appearing, Captain Ash was recalled. He joined the command, having met with no loss, 1 man being slightly wounded. We then recrossed the river, burned the bridge, and also destroyed a large flour mill near the bridge. During the day we had captured 500 horses from citizens and the enemy. We found abundance of forage and provisions through the country which we had traveled. At 9 p. m. the command was halted for the purpose of feeding and resting the horses about 8 miles southwest of Stanardsville. About that time a heavy rain set in. The night was intensely dark. After resting about an hour and as half, General Custer issued orders to proceed to Stanardsville. Colonel Stedman, with 500 men, led the advance. During the darkness his command

