
became separated from the main column and we lost our road. A halt was ordered. An aide was sent forward to halt Colonel Stedman's command, but the aide also lost the road and could not find him. Colonel Stedman in the mean time was on the right road and pushing

rapidly forward toward Stanardsville. Several parties were sent out to intercept moved forward again on the right road to Stanardsville. On our arrival there we learned that Colonel Stedman passed through the town at midnight, taking the road to Bank's Mill Ford.

About 2 miles from Stanardsville the advance guard, under the command of Captain Ash, Fifth Cavalry, came up with a rear guard of the enemy's cavalry who were following the rear of Colonel Stedman's command. As soon as they discovered our approach they charged our advance, supposing we were a small party which had been scouting and left in rear of Colonel Stedman's command. The enemy showed quite a large body of cavalry, charged our advance, drove them in rapidly to the main body. Mean time General Custer had massed his forces in a ravine out of sight of the enemy. Captain Ash fell back as far as the head of the ravine just mentioned, the enemy at the same time pouring out of the woods in large numbers. General Custer having made adequate preparations ordered a charge of his entire force. Officers and men moved forward in magnificent style, charging desperately upon the enemy, driving them back in confusion. We captured about half a dozen prisoners, and learned from them that we were fighting General Stuart with two brigades of cavalry, one brigade commanded by General Porter, commanding the section, immediately opened fire on the enemy with shell, and they immediately withdrew. The enemy had no artillery. We pressed them rapidly for about 2 miles, when we learned that we were on the wrong road; the road we were on led to Burton's Ford on the Rapidan, where the enemy had a force of infantry. I would here state that at the point from whence we made the charge the road forked, the one to the right running about due north to Burton's Ford, the one which the enemy had retreated on, while the other to the left running northeast direct to Banks' Mill Ford, the one we should have taken at the forks. General Custer, as soon as he ascertained this circumstance, ordered his command back to take the Bank's Mill road. The enemy followed our rear, but showed no disposition to renew the attack. We destroyed another large mill, containing flour, about 2 miles before reaching Bank's Mill Ford. We crossed the ford without further molestation and proceeded toward Madison Court-House. At the ford we destroyed Bank's Mill, containing flour and corn-meal. About 5 miles from Madison Court-House we met Colonel Stedman's command of 500 men, they having arrived at Wolftown about daylight that morning; having heard our guns about 11 a. m., the colonel moved his command in the direction of Burton's Ford, where he saw the cavalry and infantry above mentioned. Colonel Stedman had a slight skirmish with the enemy on the north side of the river near Burton's Ford, but withdrew his command and proceeded in the direction of Madison Court-House, where we overtook him.

The whole command arrived at Madison Court-House before dark

