
on the evening of the 1st of March, having captured 500 horses, between 50 and 60 prisoners (most, however, being citizens).

We met with no loss with the exception of half a dozen men slightly wounded, and they rode their horse into Madison Court-House. We knew of 3 of the enemy who were killed, and several wounded, the enemy having left them on the field.

I am under the impression that if we had a brigade of infantry in light marching order, between Bank's Mill Ford and Stanardsville, we could have captured the enemy's force sent out to intercept us. All inquiries failed to elicit any information as to the whereabouts of General Kilpatrick. I am satisfied that the forces we met knew nothing of his movements.

I left the command at Madison Court-House about 8 o'clock in the evening and arrived at these headquarters at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 2nd.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. YATES,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Francis T. Nicholls, C. S. Army.

LYNCHBURG, February 29, 18643.

I have just received from Captain Mallory, commanding at Charlottesville, the following dispatch:

Enemy's cavalry 3 miles from town. Can you send me any assistance? I want infantry.

The dispatch is dated February 29, and was received 5. 30 p. m. I have telegraphed to Charlottesville that I cannot. I will telegraph you again in a few moments. I have telegraphed to Captain Mallory to know more, and whether what he says is thoroughly reliable.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

LYNCHBURG, February 29, 1864.

I have just received the following dispatch from Captain Mallory, commanding at Charlottesville:

Enemy burned county bridge on road to Earlysville, and last information states they are retreating toward Greene County, from whence they came. They came within 4 miles of town when they were driven across the river at Rio Mills. Force not known; supposed to be 1,000; all cavalry. You need not send any troops until you hear from me again.

I have telegraphed Captain Mallory to keep me advised and will transmit to you his dispatches to me.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER.

