
LYNCHBURG, February 29, 1864.

I transmit dispatch from General Lee:

Enemy's cavalry are near Charlottesville; prepare to meet them if they come to Lynchburg.

I cannot tell whether this dispatch is subsequent to the one from Captain Mallory at 8 p. m., that announced that the enemy had been driven back. I have no force but what I can get here from the citizens. I shall telegraph Captain Mallory.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLLS,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

LYNCHBURG, March 1, 1864.

I have just received the following dispatch:

CHARLOTTESVILLE.

Enemy retreated toward Madison; our cavalry in pursuit.

FRANCIS T. NICHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

General S. COOPER.

Numbers 4. Report of Captain Marcellus N. Moorman, C. S. Artillery, commanding Stuart Horse Artillery.

MARCH 4, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command during the recent raid of the enemy into Albermarle County, Va.:

On Monday, the 29th February, about 12. 30 p. m., Lieutenant Cunningham, of the First Virginia Cavalry, brought into camp the first intelligence of the approach of the enemy, stating that he had last seen them 2 miles south of Stanardsville, making in this direction. Camp was at once notified and pickets sent forward to Rio Bridge, 1 1\2 miles north, but before they arrived the enemy had crossed and held the bridge. At the same time a column was discovered effecting a crossing at Cook's Ford, 1 1\2 miles below. Finding it impossible to get out of camp unless some check could be given, I opened fire with a portion of the guns of each battery, while the drivers and remaining cannoneers caught up and hitched the horses, all of which were running loose. As fast as a carriage was horsed it was moved off. Thus were all of the pieces moved out and started to the rear, except four guns, which were opened from the back through camp the line of skirmishers (unarmed except of few pistols) which I had deployed in my front. Having ordered all of my guns back except two sections, I drew up behind each a mounted support, placing the remainder of those mounted, under Captains Chew and Breathed, to guard my flank and maneuver in front, making a show of cavalry, in the execution of which they deserve great credit. Just at the moment when the enemy's columns which had crossed at Cook's Ford had reached and set fire to our camp, their right, which had crossed at Rio, made a charge just in time to receive and

