
mistake the explosion of one of Captain Chew's caissons for the reopening of our guns, for they had just ceased firing at that point. Each column mistaking the other for his enemy fired into each other and broke. Captains Chew and Breathed, seeing their mistake, charged with their squadrons and drove the enemy with such precipitancy that I presume they have never discovered their mistake, as they never ventured to return, but drew up in line upon the opposite bank waiting the advance of the Horse. They opened upon us two pieces of artillery, to which I made no reply.

Much credit is due both to officers and men for their coolness, bravery, and self-sacrifice, leaving clothing, blankets, and all for their guns.

The loss sustained was as follows: Moorman's battery, 2 men and 2 horses captured; Chew's battery, 10 sets harness, 1 limber with canteens, 1 forge, 6 tents, 5 tent-flies, 4 tarpaulins, 60 pounds axle grease, 15 curry-combs and brushes, 3 public horses, 40 Government bags; Breathed's battery, 9 tents, 2 horses, 3 1\2 sets harness; McGregor's battery, 6 sets harness, 3 tent-flies, 12 bridles, 6 saddles and blankets, 4 halters, 2 mules, 4 skillets, 2 camp-kettles, 4 water-buckets. In addition to the losses enumerated I would state that the battalion suffered heavily in private effects, especially Chew's and Breathed's batteries.

In conclusion, I would inform you that I had been engaged with the enemy an hour or more when I received the accompanying dispatch* from Major Mason.

Respectfully submitted.

M. N. MOORMAN,

Captain, Commanding Battalion Stuart Horse Artillery.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Corps, Army Northern Virginia.

FEBRUARY 28-MARCH 4, 1864. -Kilpatrick's expedition against Richmond, Va.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

February 28, 1864. -Affair at Ely's Ford.

29, 1864. -Skirmish at Beaver Dam 							Station.

Skirmish near Taylorsville.

March 1, 1864. -Skirmish at Ashland.

Skirmish on Brook turnpike, near 					Richmond.

Skirmish near Atlee's.

2, 1864. -Skirmish near Old Church.

Skirmish near Walkerton.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. -Major General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Potomac.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. -Captain Joseph Closkoski, Twenty-ninth New York Infantry, Acting Signal Officer.

Numbers 4. -Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

