
JANUARY 10, 1864. - Skirmish at Loudoun Heights, Va.

REPORTS. *

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Major Henry A. Cole, Battalion Maryland Cavalry, Potomac Home Brigade.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 10, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

The following dispatch just received. I cheerfully comply with the request of General Sullivan in calling the attention of the General-in-Chief to the gallant conduct of Major Cole and his brave command. This repulse of a murderous attack, made by an overwhelming force at 4 o'clock on a dark, cold morning, evinces a discipline, a watchfulness, and a bravery most commendable:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA.,

January 10, 1864

General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

I have just returned from Major Cole's camp, and report the conduct of his men and officers as worthy of the highest praise. He was attacked about 4 o'clock from three sides of his camp by a force under Mosby of nearly 400 men. After severe fighting Mosby retreated, leaving his killed and wounded in our hands. Among the dead are 4 officers. Our loss is reported 2 killed and 11 wounded. Captain Vernon was seriously wounded in the left eye. Am pursuing the enemy, but with no hope of overtaking them. I request that the conduct of Major Cole, his officers, and men may be reported to the War Department.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Henry A. Cole, Battalion Maryland Cavalry, Potomac Home Brigade.
HDQRS. BATT. P. H. B. CAVALRY, MARYLAND VOLS.,Loudoun Heights, Va., January 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of addressing you for the purpose of reporting the facts of an attempt by Major Mosby's battalion of guerrilla cavalry to surprise and capture my camp, between the hours of 3 and 4 a. m. of this day.

They studiously avoided my pickets; divided themselves into small bodies, which were speedily consolidated in sight of my camp. They then made an impetuous charge with a yell on the right of the same. In consequence of the suddenness of the same this company could offer but a feeble resistance. In the mean time Company A,

---------------

*See also Mosby's report, p. 15.

---------------

2 R R-VOL XXXIII

