HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 6, 1864-12 midnight. (Received 12. 30 a. m., 7th.)

The Richmond Sentinel of March 5 (yesterday) has been received, which announced the capturing at King and Queen of a part of Dahlgren's party, reported 90 men, and that Colonel Dahlgren was killed in the skirmish. I fear the account is true. The paper will be sent you to-morrow.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

Major H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 8, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit herewith the reports of Brigadier-General Kilpatrick and subordinate officers on the recent expedition organized form this army with a view to effect the liberation of our prisoners in Richmond:

About the middle of February, when in Washington, I was informed by the honorable Secretary of War that his Excellency the President was very anxious to have his amnesty proclamation distributed within the enemy's lines, and that he had sent for Brigadier-General Kilpatrick to confer with him on the practicability of accomplishing this object in connection with a cavalry expedition.

On my return to camp General Kilpatrick submitted, through the chief of cavalry, his project hereto annexed (marked A). Having ascertained from reliable sources that Richmond was comparatively defenseless, having only about 3,000 local militia with some field batteries and a small force of cavalry, and that Hampton's division of cavalry, numbering not more than 1,500 men, were the only troops of Lee's army at Fredericksburg and between there and Richmond, I thought it practicable by a rapid and secret movement that Richmond, I thought it practicable by a rapid and secret movement that Richmond might be carried by a coup de main, and our prisoners released before re-enforcements from either Petersburg or Lee's army could reach there. Instructions were accordingly given to General Kilpatrick (marked B). *

At the same time to Sixth Corps, Major-General Sedgwick, was advanced to Madison Court-House, and a cavalry command, 1,500 strong, under Brigadier-General Custer, pushed toward Charlottesville, in advance of Kilpatrick's movement, to distract the enemy's attention and prevent the detachment of any force toward Richmond. It is believed these plans succeeded perfectly so far as deceiving the enemy. General Kilpatrick reached Richmond and move down the south bank, and before reaching the vicinity of Richmond he detached Major Hall with 450 men to attack a force of the enemy near Ashland.

On reaching the city General Kilpatrick found himself opposed by infantry and artillery, which, in his judgment, rendered any attempt at forcing an entrance extremely hazardous. He accordingly

---------------

*See also instructions to corps commanders, &amp;c., February 26 and 28, in Correspondence, &c., pp. 595, 597-600, 608.

---------------

