
General Kilpatrick might succeed in cutting the telegraph from Lee's army and from Fredericksburg to Richmond, but the telegraph by the way of Gordonsville and Lynchburg would soon notify the rebels in Richmond that our cavalry was out, and before Kilpatrick could do much damage their vulnerable points would be secured. For the success of such an expedition I would be willing to sacrifice the number of horses required, but in the present state of the roads and the facilities the rebels have, with their army disengaged and distributed for frustrating such an effort, I cannot recommend it.

In reference to the President's proclamation, I will most willingly undertake to have it freely circulated in any section of Virginia that may be desired. I do not think I am promising too much in naming even Richmond.

I am in the receipt of information from the James River which is satisfactory to me that the amnesty proclamation is freely circulating in Virginia, but that the people are so watched as to prevent much action as yet on their part. As an instance is mentioned a strong Union man at Howardsville, who has $160,000 in coin secreted, but who never been able to escape with it.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]

A.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, February 16, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN; In compliance with orders from headquarters Cavalry Corps, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 12th instant I proceeded to Washington City and reported to the President of the United States, as directed in an order dated headquarters Cavalry Corps, February 12, 1864.

By direction of the President I afterward reported to the honorable Secretary of War and submitted, at his request, the following plan as, in my opinion, the most practicable to accomplish the double purpose of distributing the President's amnesty proclamation to the rebel command in our front, and to the inhabitants of Virginia in the various counties about Richmond; as also to destroy, as far as practicable, the enemy's communications, and attempt the release of our prisoners at Richmond.

Plan. -I propose, with a force of not less than 4,000 cavalry and six guns, to cross the Rapidan River at Ely's Ford and proceed to Spotsylvania Court-House, from that point to send a sufficient force of cavalry to destroy the Virginia Central Railroad at or near Frederick's Hill, to prevent infantry re-enforcements being sent from Lee's army, scouts having been sent to cut the telegraph on crossing the Rapidan River; also to send a force to destroy the Fredericksburg railroad at or near Guiney's Station, the telegraph on this road having also been previously destroyed. These parties, and others that it may be found necessary to detach, will scatter the proclamation along the line of march. With the main force I propose to move to Carmel Church and cross the North Anna River near that point, destroy the railroad bridge 3 miles below, and proceed to

