
Hanover Junction, unless the force stationed there is found to be too large, in which case I will avoid that point. The force sent to Guiney's Station will proceed to Goochland Court-House, destroy the canal, cross the James River, proceed down the south bank., destroy the arsenal at Bellona; also the Danville and Richmond and Petersburg and Richmond Railroads, this force afterward to act as circumstances may require. From Hanover Junction I will proceed down the Brook pike between the two railroads, cross the brook and move on Richmond, and if possible, in conjunction with troops sent from the direction of West Point, make an attempt to release our prisoners. Should this be found impossible the command can return by way of Fredericksburg, or seek temporary safety at West Point. The command will need but five days' rations and one of forage; no wagons.

From the information I have but lately received, and from my thorough knowledge of the country, I am satisfied that this plan can be safely and successfully carried out.

Respectfully submitted.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, February 17, 1864.

This statement of General Kilpatrick is forwarded to Major-General Meade, as requested.

A. PLEASONTON,Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The major-general commanding desires the views of the commander of the cavalry corps respecting the feasibility of the plan; after submitting which, in writing, the commanding general of the army desires to see him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 27, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Expedition, &amp;c.:

The major-general commanding has directed Major-General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Corps, to re-enforce your command so that you will have available 4,000 officers and men and a battery of light artillery. With this force you will move with the utmost expedition possible on the shortest route past the enemy's right flank to Richmond, and by this rapid march endeavor to effect an entrance into that city and liberate our prisoners now held there and in that immediate vicinity.

