HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, March 16, 1864.

Captain F. C. NEWHALL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions form headquarters Cavalry Corps I have carefully examined officers and men who accompanied Colonel Dahlgren on his late expedition.

All testify that he published no address whatever to his command, nor did he give any instructions, much less of the character alleged in the rebel journals in the memorandum following his address. Colonel Dahlgren, one hour before we separated at my headquarters, handed me an address that he intended to read to his command. That paper was indorsed in red ink, "Approved," over my official signature. The alleged address of Colonel Dahlgren published in the papers in the same as the one approval by me, save so far as it speaks of "exhorting the prisoners to destroy and burn the hateful city and kill the traitor Davis and his cabinet. " All this is false and published only as an excuse for the barbarous treatment of the remains of a brave soldier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 22, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

DEAR GENERAL; Will you have Captain Mitchell sent to these headquarters to-morrow? I refer to the Captain Mitchell who commanded that of Colonel Dahlgren'ts force that reached the main body of the expedition under General Kilpatrick.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 25, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,Commanding Cavalry Crops:

The major-general commanding directs me to inquire whether the instructions for General Kilpatrick, as commander of the late expedition against Richmond, sent to him from these headquarters through you, were duly received and acknowledge by him. In his report of that expedition General Kilpatrick omits all mention of our reference to these instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

