
the second in the line, was speedily rallied by its commanding officer, Captain Vernon, who contested their farther advance in such a sanguinary manner that [they] formed a rallying point for the balance of the command, who were now thoroughly aroused of the danger that threatened them, ad one ad all, from the officer to the private, entered into the contest with such a determined zest as led to the utter rout and discomfiture of the enemy, and the signal failure of their base attempt.

They experienced a loss of 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 2 privates killed, and 2 privates mortally wounded, and 1 prisoner. It was also very evident that they removed a large portion of their wounded with them in their precipitate flight, as a detachment of the command, subsequently sent in pursuit, found evidence of blood all along their line of retreat. I experienced a loss of 4 enlisted men wound in the head, but it is the opinion of Batt. Surg. W. R. Way that it will not prove fatal. I am deeply indebted to the officers and men of my command for the daring displayed, by them on this occasion, and earnestly commend them to the division commander for his favorable consideration.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. COLE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain, WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 20, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: I have just received from your headquarters Major Henry A. Cole's report of the repulse of Mosby's attack upon his camp at Loudoun Heights on the 10th instant. Major cole and his command, the battalion of Potomac Home Brigade Cavalry, Maryland Volunteers, deserve high praise for their gallantry in repelling this rebel assault.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JANUARY 10, 1864. - Scout to Sperryville, Va.

Report of Major General Alfred Pleasonton, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry corps, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,January 11, 1864

Brigadier-General Merritt reports a force out after guerrillas last night, and succeeded in capturing 6, including 1 lieutenant. They will be forwarded to your headquarters as soon as they arrive at these headquarters. The force went out as far as Sperryville and met with no loss.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

Major-General SEDGWICK.

