
and that the most vigorous and persistent search fails to find it; that the authorities are making every exertion to find the body, which shall be restored if found.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 20, 1864. (Received 11 p. m.)

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Washington:

I have reliable information from Richmond that Colonel Dahlgren's body has been taken possession of by his Union friends, and has been put beyond the reach of the rebel authorities. I propose to take in the matter the course indicated in my last conversation with you. Please advise me if you wish any other.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 21, 1864. (Received 1. 45 p. m.)

Rear-Admiral JOHN A. DAHLGREN,

Washington, D. C.:

The remains are not so far within my control as to be able to remove them from Richmond, where every effort is being made by the detectives to find them; but they are, I am informed and believe, in the hands of devoted friends of the Union, who have taken possession of them in order that proper respect may be shown to them at a time which I trust is not far distant. I hardly dare suggest to Ould, when he reports to me, as he will, that he cannot find them, that I can put them into his possession, because that will show such a correspondence with Richmond as will alarm them, and will redouble their vigilance to detect my of information. I am, however, under the direction of the President.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

CAVALRY CORPS, February 29, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to forward you a copy of a dispatch just received from General Kilpatrick:
HDQRS. CAVALRY EXPEDITION, February 29, 1864-1 a. m. (Via Second Corps Hdqrs.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: My advance captured the picket and reserve of the enemy at Ely's Ford, consisting of a captain, lieutenant, and 15 men. It was a complete surprise.

