
No alarm has been given. The enemy does not anticipate our movement. My command is crossing in good order. Colonel Dahlgren with the advance has reached Chancellorsville.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, March 4, 1864.

GENERAL: The following dispatch, in cipher, just received from General Kilpatrick, dated Fort Magruder, Va., March 3, 1864:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION, March 3, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General A. PLEASONTON,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I have reached General Butler's lines with my command in good order. I have failed to accomplish the great object of the expedition, but have destroyed the enemy's communications at various points on the Virginia Central Railroad; also the canal and mills along the James River, and much other valuable property. Drove the enemy into and through his fortifications to the suburbs of Richmond; made several unsuccessful efforts to return to the Army of the Potomac. I have lost less than 150 men. The entire command is in good order, and needs but a few days' rest. I respectfully ask for instructions.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

In view of the failure of General Kilpatrick to return to this command by land, I respectfully urge that transportation be sent immediately from Alexandria to transport it by water, as his command is composed of picket troops from all the divisions of the corps, and the organization and effectiveness of the remaining divisions is seriously impaired by the absence of so large a number.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

YORKTOWN, VA., March 6, 1864.

I left my camp at Stevensburg with 3,585 men, 6 guns, 8 caissons, 3 wagons, and 6 ambulances. I have now 3,317 men, 3,595 horses, 6 guns, 8 caissons, 3 wagons, and 4 ambulances. Colonel Dahlgren, with about 100 men, has been heard from to-day; he was then near King and Queen Court-House. I shall send some of my men to assist him. General Butler informs me that he has ample transportation for me. Troops can be crossed at Urbanna only at high tide. Dock destroyed. Can easily cross at Rappahannock. Gun-boats can cover my crossing.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac.

