
YORKTOWN, VA., March 8, 1864.

GENERAL: Twelve men of Dahlgren's party have come in. They state that Colonels Dahlgren and Cooke, with about 80 men and a large number of negroes, were ambushed at King and Queen Court-House on Thursday evening,11 p. m. * The colonel was killed and 7 men wounded. Colonel [Major] Cooke and the remainder were afterward surrounded by the citizens and soldiers on furlough. Colonel [Major] Cooke ordered his men to scatter and make for the river. The negroes were captured and confined in the jail at the court-house. Colonel Dahlgren's servant has also come in. He reports seeing the colonels' body on the roadside stripped of his clothing and horribly mutilated. I sent a large force two days since to King and Queen Court-House. It has not returned.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, March 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 26th of February I received the following order, dated--

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your command, increased to 4,000 men with one battery, will be placed in readiness to move on the raid to Richmond for the purpose of liberating our prisoners at that place.

You will start on Sunday evening, the 28th instant, and will proceed by such routes and make such dispositions as from time to time you may find necessary to accomplish the object of the expedition. You will not be confined to any specific instructions in reference to such matters. Colonel Ulric Dahlgren is authorized to accompany you, and will render valuable assistance from his knowledge to accompany you, and will render valuable assistance from his knowledge of the country and his well-known gallantry, intelligence, and energy. Important diversions will be made in your favor, the particulars of which you have been already advised. That these may be more fully and completely carried out you will direct Brigadier-General Custer to report in person to these headquarters until further orders. With my best wishes for a perfect success, and the assurance that every effort will be exerted by the service here to insure it,

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

In accordance with the above instructions, I left my camp at Stevensburg at 7 o'clock Sunday evening, February 28, with 2,375 men and Captain Ranson's battery U. S. Horse Artillery (six pieces), and detachments from the First and Second Cavalry Divisions, under Majors Hall and Taylor, in all 3,582 strong.

My advance, consisting of 460 men, under Colonel Dahlgren, reached Ely's Ford at 11 p. m., crossed, surprised, and captured the enemy's picket, consisting of 2 officers and 14 men. Colonel Dahlgren was then ordered to move rapidly forward, by way of Spotsylvania Court-House, to Frederick's Hall, on the James River, cross the river, move down the opposite bank, and, if possible, be in position to seize the main bridge that led to the city of

---------------

*Wednesday, March 2.

---------------

