
Richmond, at 10 o'clock Tuesday, March 1. A small force, under Captain Boice, Fifth New York Cavalry, was sent to destroy the Fredericksburg railroad below Guiney's Station, the telegraph having been destroyed on both roads by scouts during the night. I pressed rapidly forward with the main column, passed Spotsylvania Court-House at daylight, reached and destroyed Beaver Dam Station at 1 p. m., and after destroying the road to a considerable extent, moved rapidly forward in the direction of Richmond, and went into camp early in the evening 9 miles from Ground Squirrel Bridge, over the South Anna.

I moved at 1 a. m. Tuesday morning, intending to cross the South Anna at Ground Squirrel Bridge, move down the Ridge road, and attack Richmond west of the Brook pike. My guide (I think through ignorance), instead of directing the column to the bridge mentioned, led it in the direction of Ashaland, where we came upon the infantry pickets of the enemy. From prisoners I learned that a force of 2,000 infantry and six pieces of artillery was stationed near the railroad bridge above Ashland.

I directed Major Hall, with 450 men of the First Division, to drive in the enemy's pickets and make a determined attack in order to cover the movements of the main column. I struck across the country to the South Anna and crossed at a point 3 miles about Ashland at daylight, Tuesday morning. The attack of Major Hall totally deceived the enemy as to the movements of the main column, which passed on, crossed the railroad 7 miles below Ashland, tore up a considerable portion of the track, destroyed a culvert, passed on and reached the Brook pike at a point 5 miles form Richmond at 10 a. m. The enemy's artillery, engaged with Major Hall, could be distinctly heard in my rear. Rightly supposing that the enemy would send all his available [force] in the immediate vicinity in the direction of the firing, in order to protect the bridge at that point, and learning from citizens and negroes who came from Richmond that morning that no attack was expected upon the city, and that only a small force occupied the works in front on the Brook pike, I moved forward, crossed the brook, surprised and captured the picket and a small force of infantry in the rifle-pits beyond. The enemy now sent forward troops to oppose my further progress, but they were easily driven back until a point was reached about 1 mile from the city. Here a considerable force of infantry with artillery effectually checked my advance. It was now 1 p. m. I ordered up my entire force, and after thoroughly examining the enemy's position, determined to attack, believing that if they were citizen soldiers I could enter the city.

Brigadier-General Davis had the advance. The Fifth New York Cavalry was] dismounted and sent forward as skirmishers, and 500 men under [Major Patton] in a body, dismounted, followed closely in rear of the skirmishers to attack and carry if possible a small earth-work on the left of and a barricade that the enemy were then placing in the road. The enemy was finally forced back until a position was gained for the use of my artillery, which was brought up and opened upon the enemy, now occupying a position just outside the city.

I brought up re-enforcements, strengthened and extended my line of skirmishers to the right as far as the plank road, and was about to order an advance of the whole line, when I discovered that the enemy was rapidly receiving re-enforcements, not only of infantry

