
but artillery. Feeling confident that Dahlgren had failed to cross the river, and that an attempt to enter the city at that point would but end in a bloody failure, I reluctantly withdrew my command at dark, crossed the Meadow Bridge, over the Chickahominy, and, after destroying the bridges on the Virginia Central Railroad, went into camp near Mechanicsville.

Colonel Dahlgren, having failed to cross the James River, moved rapidly down the canal, destroying viaducts and locks, and engaged the enemy at 4 o'clock on the plank road a few miles from Richmond, and at dark, when I withdrew with the intention of joining the main force.

In the various attacks upon the city, which commenced at 12 m. and continued until dark, we lost upward of 60 men in killed and wounded. The enemy is known to have lost a considerable number in killed and wounded, and we took prisoners upwards of 200. By scouts and spies I ascertained that the entire available force of the enemy in and about the city had been concentrated during the day on the Brook pike and plank road, where the various attacks had been made, and that no force of the enemy was on the road from Mechanicsville to the city. It was now 10 p. m. I at once determined to make another attempt to enter the city. Lieutenant-Colonel Preston, of the First Vermont, and Major Taylor, of the First Maine, were selected to lead two separate detachments of 500 men in on the road from Mechanicsville, which with the artillery and the remaining portion of my command I would hold the bridge over the Chickahominy and cover their retreat with the prisoners if successful. These two determined and daring officers had but just commenced to move when Colonel Sawyer, Commanding Second Brigade, reported that his pickets had been driven in on the road from the direction of Hanover Court-House. A few moments later he sent me word that the enemy was advancing in force and rapidly driving in his people. I sent orders for him to throw out a strong line of skirmishers, and, if possible, charge the enemy and drive him back, as I intended to make this last effort to release our prisoners. Heavy musketry and carbine firing could now be heard, and a moment later the enemy opened with a battery of artillery. I was forced to recall my troops to resist this attack, which now became serious. The enemy charged and drove back the Seventh Michigan, and considerable confusion ensued. The night was intensely dark, cold, and stormy. The command was moved out on the road toward Old Church and placed into position, and, after considerable hard fighting, with a loss of 2 officers, upwards of 50 men, and 100 horses, repulsed the enemy and forced him back on the road toward Hanover Court-House. Not knowing the strength of the enemy, I abandoned all further ideas of releasing our prisoners, and at 1 a. m. moved to the intersection fo the roads from Mechanicsville to Old Church, and from Hanover Court-House to Bottom's Bridge. Here we went into camp.

At daylight the enemy attacked my pickets, but were easily repulsed. At 8 a. m. the command moved to Old Church, 12 miles from Hanover Court-House, and here took up a good position and remained until 1 p. m. Wednesday, hoping that Dahlgren might come in. The enemy charged my rear guard at this point, but were gallantly charged in return by the First Maine, and driven back a considerable distance, with a loss of many prisoners. This is the last

