
panied Colonel Dahlgren; I remained with General Kilpatrick. The first night of our march was beautiful. Myriads of stars twinkled in heaven, looking at us as if in wonder why should we break the laws of God and wander at night instead of seeking repose and sleep. The moon threw its silvery light upon Rapidan waters when we forded it, and it seemed as if the Almighty Judge was looking silently upon our doings. We moved as fast as our horses could walk, making halts of fifteen minutes twice every twenty-four hours. Thus we reached Spotsylvania Court-House. There Colonel Dahlgren with his command took direct road toward Frederick's Hall, while we moved to Beaver Dam Station. From this point I was expected and put signaling in motion. This was not easy, for moving fast as we did there was no time to look for a signal flag. To remain behind for that purpose would not be prudent or safe, and even if it were safe it would not be of much avail, for the country through which we moved is flat, low, and wooded. By the time we reached Beaver Dam Station it grew dark and rain began to fall. The light, however, that was there might have been seen for many miles. Twenty wooden buildings were at once set on fire, forming one sheet of flame, rising high above the surrounding woods, and the black forms of our soldiers jumping around it seemed from a distance like demons on some hellish sport. Now it stormed in earnest. Sharp wind and sleet forced men to close their eyes. The night was so dark that even forced men to close their eyes. The night was so dark that even the river in front could not be seen and tress on the roadside could not be distinguished. So complete darkness I never saw. Men depended entirely on the guide them. Stopping for a short time I sent up by order of General Kilpatrick several rockets, but of course received no reply. No rockets could be seen for any distance on such a night as that.

Next day, the 1st of March, we were in front of Richmond. No sooner were we in view of the fortifications that the enemy's guns opened fire. Here I had time to look for Colonel Dahlgren's signals. None could be seen, however, owning partly to woods, mist, and smoke, and want of knowledge of his whereabouts. He was to join us at this point or in Richmond if we or he had succeeded in taking it by surprise. In my opinion the sound he might have judged correctly who far we were from his command. That sound told plainly that Richmond was not to be taken by surprise, and that the weaker detachment ought not to lose time in joining with the main command. When near sunset we moved off toward Chickahominy and encamped for the night. There I barely escape capture, for riding out on reconnaissance to learn where we were and the roads, I found rebel pickets on each road, and some were trying to cut me off on my return to camp. We were not destined to sleep in that camp, for no sooner were we laid down than the rebels opened fire our regiments. Dark and rainy as it was not much confusion ensued. Ours repulsed the rebel attack and we moved out of that place toward Pamunkey River. Next day the largest portion (400 men) of Colonel Dahlgren's force joined us. I could learn as yet nothing of Lieutenant Bartley. From this point we had no trouble in reaching Yorktown on the 4th. Next day we embarked for

