
JANUARY 12, 1864. - Affair near Accotink, Va.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry H. Wells, Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses South of the Potomac.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., January 12, 1864

COLONEL: My men have scouted as usual this morning. Near sunrise a squad of 6 rebel cavalry came near Accotink and captured 2 citizens and a number of horses. My men 4 in number, with some of the Accotink Home Guard, pursued them and retook the prisoners and horses; also took 2 rebels prisoners and the horses and equipments of the whole party. The prisoners state that they belong to Hampton's division, and that Hampton has some 4,000 cavalry near Fredericksburg. These men belong to Gordon's brigade of Hampton's division. They were out gathering information as to the forces, &amp;c., and they intended to make a raid on the railroad.

H. H. WELLS,

Provost-Marshal-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff.

JANUARY 12-14, 1864. - Raid on the Northern Neck, Va.

Report of Captain John S. Braxton.

CENTRE CROSS, January 18, 1864.

SIR: The enemy made a raid through the Northern Neck, landing at Kinsale, Westmoreland County, on the Potomac on last Tuesday at 4 p. m. The force consisted of about 100 cavalry and the same of infantry, and passed directly through the county of Richmond into Lancaster and Northumberland, doing but very little damage other than taking a few negroes and horses, and embarked again on Thursday from a wharf on the Great Wicomico River, Northumberland County. The force came to Point Lookout from Norfolk a few days previous. They are increasing their force there (Point Lookout), I think, with a view to guard our prisoners, which have greatly increased at that point. The enemy returned again on Saturday, and commenced building a wharf on the Wicomico River, Northumberland County, but left again at night. The raid was a very small one, and I think indicates nothing of importance. No other movement on the Potomac.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. BRAXTON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General ELZEY

JANUARY 13, 1864. - Affair near Ely's Ford, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,January 14-8. 30 a. m.

I regret to report that a non-commissioned officer and 6 men of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry were captured last evening while

