
Portsmouth, landed there on the 6th, moved toward Suffolk, saw no rebel forces, and returned to Portsmouth the same day, and the next to Yorktown. There we learned of Colonel Dahlgren's death and the capture of his party.

General Kilpatrick with a portion of his command made an expedition to King and Queen County. As this expedition was to be only a mere retaliation for the death and bad treatment of Colonel Dahlgren, I accompanied it only as far as West Point. That is as far as our gun-boats went, and I returned in a gun-boat to Yorktown.

On the 12th we embarked for Alexandria; that is, the command began to embark as fast as there was transportation for it. By this time the whole command is perhaps in Alexandria. General Kilpatrick went ahead and left orders for his staff to follow him.

Yesterday one brigade of cavalry and General Kilpatrick's personal escort had orders to move on. In anticipation that they would move, I ordered my flagmen and wagon to move with the escort and came myself by rail to Brandy Station and thence to these headquarters; but there I learned that the orders were countermanded by telegraph, and that the cavalry would leave Alexandria to-morrow (Thursday, the 17th).

From this statement you will see that there was not much opportunity to use signals, owing partly to our very rapid movements, partly to the inclemency of the weather, and often to the position of the country. I found signal officers at Yorktown, Gloucester, and Portsmouth. I regret to state that Lieutenant Bartley, with his 2 men, full signal equipments, and supply of rockets, were captured.

It is known its leaving Stevensburg was kept so secret, seemingly, that only the chief commanders were acquainted with it, although for two weeks previous there were loud rumors in camp among soldiers and civilians that we were going to make a raid on Richmond.

I inclose the code for rocket signals I arranged at the time of our starting. I knew nothing of what was needed at the time I had the interview with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GLOSKOSKI,

Captain and Acting Signal Officer.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr., U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, Stevensburg, Va., April 4, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to orders received this a. m. from division headquarters, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of my command on the recent raid to Richmond:

On the 28th day of February a detachment of the First Division, Cavalry Corps, commanded by Major Hall, Sixth New York Cavalry, reported to me, consisting of detachments from various regiments of that division, in all amounting to 34 commissioned officers and 697 enlisted men; a detachment of the Second Division, Cavalry

