
I have already forwarded to division headquarters nominal and numerical lists of killed, wounded, and missing, as well as of property, &amp;c., lost and captured.

Respectfully submitted.

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. W. WHITAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain John F. B. Mitchell, Second New York Cavalry.

CAMP SECOND NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Stevensburg, Va., March 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN; In obedience to orders received from the general commanding division, I have the honor to make the following report relative to what was done by the expedition commanded by the late Colonel Dahlgren, and also as to the facts connected with the orders and papers alleged to have been found on his person:

The command amounted to 500 men, and consisted of detachments from the First Maine, First Vermont, Fifth Michigan, Fifth and Second New York Volunteers Cavalry. We left division headquarters at Stevensburg, Va., at 6 p. m. February 28, 1864, and marched to Ely's Ford, which we reached about 11 p. m. We crossed the river, and a party of the Fifth New York Cavalry, under Lieutenant Merritt, and Hogan, the scout, captured the enemy's picketpost, 1 officer and 14 men, belonging to a North Carolina regiment of cavalry. The colonel then pressed on to Spotsylvania Court-House, which he reached at early dawn on the 29th February, marched on in the direction of Frederick's Hall till 8 a. m., when he halted for fifteen minutes of feed the horses; then pressed on again to within three-fourths of a mile of Frederick's Hall Station, which we reached about 11 a. m.

On the road we captured 16 artillery soldiers belonging to the Maryland Battalion. They told us that at the station there were three different camps, eight batteries in each, in all about ninety-six guns; that there was a regiment of infantry near at hand and a battalion of sharpshooters in each camp. Here we captured also 12 artillery officers on court-material-1 colonel, 1 major, and 8 or 9 captains. What information they gave to Colonel Dahlgren I am unable to state, but he determined not to attack the camp and moved around them, cutting the railroad and telegraph about 1 mile south of the station. While we were engaged tearing up the railroad and bending the rials, at rains came down from the north, but seeing the smoke of our fires, did not come near enough for us to attack.

We now pushed on to the South Anna, which we crossed about 10 o'clock on the night of the 29th instant. It was raining and so intensely dark that it was almost impossible to keep the column closed up, and some 50 men were lost in the darkness, but joined us again in the morning near Goochland Court-House. About 2 a. m. the colonel halted. The name of the place I am unable to state, but think it was about 9 miles from Goochland.

