
At daylight of the morning of the 1st of March we marched on toward the James River and stopped for a few minutes near Horton's house, on the canal, about 21 miles from Richmond. Here Colonel Dahlgren gave me orders to take the detachment (100 men) of the Second New York Cavalry, the ambulances, prisoners, led horses, &amp;c., and proceed down the canal, destroying locks, burning mills, canal-boats, and all the grain I could find; that when I came to Westham Creek I should send the ambulances, prisoners, &c., under guard to Hungary Station, there to join General Kilpatrick and the main column; that I was then to proceed down the river road or the canal, as I might see fit, while he, with the main portion of his command, was to cross the James River at a force which his guide was to show him, release the prisoners, and enter Richmond by, I believe, the Mayo Bridge. here I was to join him, if possible; if not, make my way Hungary Station and join General Kilpatrick. He then divided the torpedoes, giving me one box, some turpentine and oakum. He then started ahead of me. I struck the canal and moved down along its bank, sending the ambulances, &c., under guard of Lieutenant Randolph and 20 men, on the river road, with orders to join me at Manakin's Ben. Along the canal I destroyed six flourishing grist-mills, filled with grain and flour, one saw-mill,six canal-boats, loaded with grain, the barn (also well filled) on Secretary Seddon's plantation, coal-works at Manakin's Ferry, and Morgan's Lock just above. Here I found that there were neither canal-boats, locks, nor mills on the canal till the Three-Mile Lock, i. e., 3 miles from Richmond. I could not bring the ambulances on the tow-path, so I took the river road again, reaching which I was surprised to find the tracks of Colonel Dahlgren's party, and farther on the dead body of a negro hanging from a tree on the roadside. It seems that Colonel Dahlgren intended to cross the James River by a ford, to which his guide (this negro) promised to guide him. There was neither ford nor bridge; the guide had known it, and in his indignation the colonel hung him.

Colonel Dahlgren, finding there was no way to cross the James save by a very small scow, abandoned the project and proceeded to the cross-roads, about 8 miles from Richmond, I think near Short Pump. Here I joined him about 3. 30 p. m. He now sent off the ambulances, prisoners, led horses, &c., under guard and in charge of the signal officer. That is the last I saw of them. At this place we captured 3 militiamen, splendidly mounted, belonging to Custis Lee's City Battalion, who had been sent out to stand picket against us, as they had just heard of our approach.

The colonel having seized three wagon loads of corn, ordered the horses fed and coffee made for the men. We halted for an hour and a half, then hearing General Kilpatrick's guns, we advanced inside the fortifications, crossing the railroad down the plank road toward Richmond. About 5 miles from the city we were met by a volley from the woods, the Fifth Michigan in the advance. It was now growing dark, but we pushed on. At first there was some wavering. Every now and then a volley was poured into the ranks. It grew rapidly darker and darker; soon you could see nothing but the flash of the enemy's muskets. They were dismounted, and the only way we had of advancing was to charge over their line of skirmishers. This was done time and again, taking over 200 prisoners, but also losing heavily in killed and wounded. Finally, from the increased fire it appeared that the enemy had received re-enforcements, and

