
the colonel gave the order to retrieve after we had driven the enemy 2 1\2 miles. He called for the Second New York and ordered me to take command of the rear guard and keep well closed up with the main column. He proceeded to the point where we first struck the plank road; here the column halted. After some time, becoming anxious as to the reason, I sent forward Lieutenant Mattison, acting adjutant Second New York Cavalry, who reported that the column had become separated; that Colonel Dahlgren and Major Cooke with about 100 men had gone on, and the rest of the column had lost sight of them in the darkness. I sent out scouts in all directions, but could hear nothing of them, and being the senior officer left assumed command. In obedience to orders mentioned above, I tried to go to Hungary Station. After reaching the Brook pike and getting with 11\2 miles of Hungary Station, the advance guard was halted by a picket, who, on finding out whom we were, immediately fell back. We could see camp-fires ahead of us, and could also hear cannonading and the rattle of small-arms. The officers of the command all thought that we had better make a dash through their line, if possible. This we attempted, and were met by a galling fire from a log-house and bushed along the road. Here the scout Kearney and some others were severally wounded. We were forced to desist, and counter-marched toward Short Pump. Captain Hastings, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, found from some citizens that there was a by-road by means of which we could get to Hungary Station, and we marched to within 1 1\2 miles of that place. Previous to this, finding it impossible to keep the prisoners up with the column, and being surrounded on all sides, what to their disappointment. Acting on Lieutenant Cunningham's advice, I moved the command into the pine woods about one-quarter of a mile from the road. This was about 2 a. m., March 2. We could hear the rebel cavalry moving on the road, and finally they encamped about one-half a mile away from us.

Before dawn we marched out toward Hungary, found that General Kilpatrick was not there, and then took a mountain road, which led to the Louisa Court-House and Richmond turnpike. Crossing this we attempted to go to the plank road leading to Hanover Court-House, but were stopped by a strong line of infantry skirmishers. We then learned that there was a heavy force awaiting us at Ground Squirrel Bridge over the South Anna, so we turned to the right, crossed the Chickahominy at Riles' Mills, and found a Union citizen, who put us on the road to Atlee's Station. On reaching this place we drove in a picket of 35 men, and our column,more especially the rear guard of the First Vermont Cavalry, was fired on by a number of mounted rebels.

We pushed on toward New Castle, making our way to the White House, having learned that General Kilpatrick had gone that way with the main force. Every few minutes the advance guard would have a skirmish with some of the enemy, till finally, about 8 miles from Tunstall's Station, the enemy seemed to have collected their forces, about 200 in number, and opposed our farther passage by well directed volleys from the pine woods in front. We determined to charge through them, Lieutenant Andrew, of the First Maine, and Lieutenant Cunningham, of the Second New York, leading the charge and driving the enemy before them. In this charge we lost about 20 men; Captain Hastings, of the Fifth Michigan Cavalry, having his horse shot under him. About an hour and a half after this I joined

