
General Kilpatrick's main column near Tunstall's Station, about 4 miles from the White House. We reached him about 5. 30 p. m. with about 260 men.

To Captain Hastings, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, Lieutenant Andrew, First Maine, and Lieutenants Mattison and Cunningham, Second New York Cavalry, I am indebted for valuable aid and counsel. The prompt obedience and ready co-operation of the officers and men of all detachments in the expedition deserve my greatest thanks. the movements of Colonel Dahlgren and Major Cooke, after our separation, are better known to you than to myself.

With regard to the address and memoranda of plans alleged by rebel papers to have been found on Colonel Dahlgren's person, I would state that no address of any kind was ever published to either officer or men; that none of Colonel Dahlgren's plans, save what I have mentioned in the first part of my report, were ever made known to either officers or men in the expedition, and that i know it was not Colonel Dahlgren's intention to kill Jeff. Davis, in case he could be captured.

The following is a list of killed, wounded, and missing as accurately as I can get it: One officer killed, 4 officers missing, 194 enlisted men killed, wounded, and missing. Of this number about 60 are believed to be either killed or wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. F. B. MITCHELL,

Captain Second New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Reports of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 3, 1864-8 p. m. (Received 8. 40 a. m., 4th.)

The following dispatch received from my aide at Fort Magruder, who went out with my forces to New Kent Court-House:

Arrived all safe. General Kilpatrick is here, having lost less than 150 men, among whom were Colonels Dahlgren, [Major] Cooke, and Litchfield. Colonels Dahlgren and [Major] Cooke are supposed to the prisoners; Litchfield either wounded or killed. Went within outer line of fortifications; was engaged until dark with the enemy. Colonel Spear will be in to-morrow.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 4, 1864. (Received 2. 30 a. m., 5th. _

I forward the annexed account from General Kilpatrick:

YORKTOWN, March 4, 1864.

GENERAL: Colonel Dahlgren was directed to make a diversion with 500 men on the James River. He attacked at 4 p. m. Tuesday evening; drove the enemy in on Richmond. The main attack having failed, Colonel Dahlgren attempted to rejoin

