
me near the Meadow Bridge. He and Colonel [Major] Cooke were with the advance guard, some 50 men; became separated from his main force, since with nothing has been heard from him. He is main force reached me with slight loss. I have hopes that he may yet come in.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

In addition, a rebel deserter informed one of my aides that a one legged colonel and about 100 men were taken prisoners. I shall hear by flag of truce on Sunday night. Will telegraph again.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNTIED STATES:
HEADQUARTERS, March 4, 1864. (Received 2. 15 a. m., 5th.)

Upon being notified of the intended movement of General Kilpatrick, I ordered Colonel West to take 2,000 infantry, 1,000 cavalry, and a battery of artillery, and to march to new Kent Court-House, and remain there to render such aid as might be necessary to General Kilpatrick. Colonel West reports to me his return, as follows:

We captured going and coming a few guerrillas. Colonel Spear met General Davies at Tunstall's Station, and I met General Kilpatrick about 4 miles beyond New Kent Court-House. My outpost heavy musketry firing in the direction of the York River Railroad, and I was on my way out with cavalry, infantry, and artillery to render such assistance as I could when we met the two columns coming in. My instructions did not authorize me to go beyond New Kent Court-House, but as they were not very definite I thought the circumstances justified me in exceeding them to the extent I did. Duncan's colored brigades performed a march of 42 miles in twenty-two hours, the first part of which was made during a heavy rain-storm. The roads were thus rendered very for foot-men. No loss is reported save the slight wounding of 1 colored soldier by a bushwhacker. The cavalry did well. Colonel Spear reports the destruction by him of a large saw-mill., containing new engine and about 2,000 feet of lumber; also a large baggage-car, some trestle-work, and a portion of the railroad track. This at Tunstall's Station, on the York River Railroad, on the 2nd instant.

ROBT. M. WEST,Colonel, Commanding.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STATNON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Samuel P. Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Near Williamsburg, Va., March 4, 1864.

SIR: In accordance to instructions received from the colonel commanding, I formed my brigade, leaving one squadron at Gloucester Point and one squadron at Lebanon Church and vicinity, also the pickets and a relief, in all about 800 effective men, in front of Fort Magruder, at 11 o'clock p. m. on the 1st instant, and proceeded in

