
the place in column assigned me to New Kent Court-House, at which point I arrived at 7. 30 a. m. on the morning of the 2nd instant. Resting till 11 o'clock a. m., I proceeded with 300 men to Tunstall's Station, on the Richmond and West Point Railroad. Here I found the enemy's pickets had been drawn in the previous night. I destroyed the railroad track, some cars, the switches, culverts, depot storehouses, large and valuable saw-mill, &amp;c., all of which were of great value and use to the enemy.

Small detachments were also sent out in different directions and continued until the advance of General Kilpatrick's command was found, when all returned to New Kent, covering his rear, when found, which was at a point near the White House, on the morning of the 3rd instant. My command encamped at New Kent on the nights of the 2nd and 3rd, and took up the march for Williamsburg on the morning of the 4th, arriving at Fort Magruder and reporting to the commanding officer at 4 p. m.

At White House and vicinity 12 prisoners were captured and brought in, and on my return the notorious Robert Corton, a well-known guerrilla, was pursued near Six-Mile Ordinary, and killed in attempting to make his escape. Inclosed I forward papers* found upon his person, which are of the most treasonable character.

My command will be ready in a day or two for any duty or emergency.

I am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

SAM. P. SPEAR,

Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Vol. Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Colonel ROBERT M. WEST,

Commanding Fort Magruder.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Yorktown, Va., March 5, 1864.

Most respectfully forwarded.

I gladly bear testimony to Colonel Spear's cheerful and hearty co-operation throughout the recent expedition. He omits the mention in his report of the destruction of a new steam engine in the sawmill which he destroyed. This alone was a loss to the enemy which he cannot easily replace.

ROBT. M. WEST,Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 8. Reports of Major General Wade Hampton, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS, March 6, 1864.

GENERAL: In advance of the report that I shall make I write to suggest some considerations which have occurred to me. In the first place, my observations convinced me that the enemy could have taken Richmond, and in all probability would have done so but for

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

