
patrolling to Ely's Ford, by a party of dismounted rebels, who crossed upon the ice and secreted themselves for that purpose. All quiet along my line at this hour.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

JANUARY 17, 1864. - Affairs near Ellis' and Ely's Fords, Va.

January 17. - The patrol of 1 sergeant and 7 men returning from Ellis' Ford were surrounded by the enemy in ambuscade and 7 men captured. At the same time the patrol of 1 sergeant and 8 men returning from Ely's Ford were fired upon from both sides of the road and rear by concealed dismounted men in dense pine woods; 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 2 captured.

January 22. - The patrol of 1 commissioned officer and 30 men were attacked going to Ellis' Ford by a party of dismounted men in ambush. Loss, 1 man killed, 6 wounded, and 4 captured. *

JANUARY 18, 1864. - Affair at Flint Hill, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler, U. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, January 18, 1864

Fifteen or 20 rebels attacked the picket at Flint Hill at about 2 o'clock this a. m. but were driven off by a volley. A few guerrillas have appeared, both last night and to-night, in the vicinity of our lines. Parties have been sent out to try and pick them up.

R. O. TYLER,Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 19-24, 1864. - Scouts from Williamsburg, Va.

Reports of Major Edgar A. Hamilton, First New York Mounted Rifles.

CAMP MOUNTED RIFLES,

Near Williamsburg, Va., January 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I report that agreeably to special orders from headquarters U. S. Forces at Williamsburg, Va. of January 19, transmitted to me for action, that I started from camp at 9 o'clock in the evening with a command of 140 men, moving cautiously forward on the Richmond turnpike road until we arrived nearly to the Twelve-

---------------

*From monthly return of First Brigade, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

---------------

