
teh fact that Colonel Johnson intercepted a dispatch from Dahlgren to Kilpatrick, asking what hour the latter had fixed for an attack on the city, so that both attacks might be simultaneous. Kilpatrick had said on his retreat that with Butler's force he could and would take the city. I regard the force to defend Richmond inadequate as at present located, and if a determined and concentrated attack is made, grave apprehensions of the result are to be entertained. But if Kilpatrick will not risk another attack there are but two modes of egress form his present position, not, of course, including that by water. He may under cover of a feint from the peninsula endeavor to pass by Hanover Court-House across Littlepage's Ferry, and thence to the Rappahannock, or he may cross into Gloucester, go to Urbanna, cross the river there, and escape by the Northern Neck. A judicious disposition of a proper force of infantry can defeat either attempt to escape. The Matadequin and the Totopotomoy Creeks with very little work would most excellent defensive lines, where an enemy can be checked by a small force, and both of these creeks head near the railroad. A force distributed along the line of road from Richmond to Fredericksburg would not only be in position to cut off any advance from the Peninsula, but also to defend the city itself. If a force of infantry was posted at Fredericksburg it could put such works across the Northern Neck that Kilpatrick could not get by without very great assistance from Meade. Perhaps, too, a battery on the Lower Rappahannock might be of great service in preventing transports from approaching Urbanna. I advise that scouts should be sent from my command of obtain reliable information of the movement of the enemy at Gloucester and Yorktown.

The boats on the Pamunkey and the Mattapony should be removed. While at Tunstall's Station I made a reconnaissance of the positions there and up to Hanover Court-House. The Matadequin Creek can be forded only at two places with artillery-one the lower ford, near Hampstead, Mrs. Webb's place, where the ground is very defensible, and the other at Rowland's Mill, the dam of which is now broken. If this dam is repaired a large inundation would be formed, preventing any crossing for some distance up. There is an intermediate ford which can be used only by horsemen, and which I am told can be easily blockaded.

I have not availed myself of my leave of absence, as the weather has been so favorable for the movement of troops, and if my presence here is longer necessary I will cheerfully forego my visit home.

I beg you will let me know what disposition, if any, you have made for the proposed relief of Butler's brigade, and what orders have been given to General Rosser.

I forward General Young's report as tot he recent crossing of the enemy at Ely's Ford. From this it appears that no blame can be attacked to the officer commanding the pickets, but the line of pickets and couriers seems to have been defective. I shall give such instructions as will guard against the recurrence of a similar unfortunate affair.

I make the suggestions continued in this letter merely to bring them to your attention, and if you think them of any value you can communicate them to the general commanding, or can make whatever use of them you think best.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Major-General STUART,

Commanding Cavalry.

