
followed to the vicinity of Old Church, when I was forced to discontinue the pursuit on account of the condition of my horses. Under orders from the Secretary of War I took my cavalry, together with some other commands around Richmond, and subsequently moved to Tunstall's Station, in the hope of being able to strike a blow at the enemy, but he retreated to Williamsburg under cover of strong re-enforcements which had been sent to him. My command was then brought back to its old camp, having been in the saddle from Monday night to Sunday evening.

As the prisoners captured were sent off in different detachments I cannot give their exact number, though I think it was about 100. Colonel Cheek reports 133 horses and 55 guns, besides side-arms, taken. When it is taken into consideration that the cavalry with which I left camp only numbered 306 men, and that this number was reduced by pickets, scouts, and broken-down horses considerably, I hope the commanding general will not regard the services performed by them as inadequate. They drove a picked division of the enemy from his camp, which they occupied from 1 o'clock at night till daylight. They forced this part of the enemy to take a road which he did not intend to follow, while the other force under Dahlgren was prevented from forming a junction with Kilpatrick by my troops getting between them, which brought about the precipitate retreat of Dahlgren, resulting in his death and the destruction of his command, and they bore all the hardships of a week's march with perfect cheerfulness.

I beg to express my entire satisfaction at the conduct of both officers and men. Colonel Cheek, who was in command of the detachment, displayed ability, gallantry, and zeal. Major Andrews, of the Second North Carolina, also bore himself well and gave assistance.

I cannot close my report without expressing my appreciation of the conduct of Colonel Bradley T. Johnson and his gallant command. With a mere handful of men he met the enemy at Beaver Dam, and he never lost sight of them until they had passed tunstall's Station, hanging on their rear, striking them constantly, and displaying throughout the very highest qualities of a soldier. He is eminently fitted for the cavalry service, and I trust it will not be deemed an interference on my part to urge as emphatically as I can his promotion.

My loss was 3 wounded and 2 missing.

Captain Lowndes, Lieutenant Hampton, and Dr. Taylor, of my staff, accompanied me and rendered me great assistance.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

Major MCCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Report of Brigadier General Pierce M. B. Young, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.

HDQRS. BUTLER'S BRIGADE, March 2, 1864.

MAJOR: The enemy's cavalry crossed the river at Ely's Ford about 11. 30 o'clock at night of the 29th [ultimo]. As well as can be ascertained

