
a small body was piloted over the river by a citizen at some point where there was no ford. The river is fordable at any point at this time above United States Ford, where one can get up and down the banks. This body came in the rear of the reserve part of that portion of the line, killing and capturing every officer and man at the post. Ely's Ford was the headquarters of the whole line from United States Ford up to Germanna. Captain Young, Cobb's Legion Cavalry, was in command. He had 1 officer and about 10 men with him. The front and rear of this post was attacked about the same time. Not one escaped to report the facts. The enemy crossed his whole column at this ford, not disturbing another picket on the whole line. The enemy pushed his advanced column, which consisted of about 600 or 800 men, on through Spotsylvania Court-House at a trot, not pausing at this place, but pushing rapidly on to Mount Pleasant, which they reached about daybreak. They passed Spotsylvania Court-House about 3 a. m. They advanced without stopping toward Frederick's Hall. the main column, consisting of Kilpatrick's division, commanded by him in person, passed Spotsylvania Court-House about daylight. The lowest estimate that can be put upon his numbers is about 2,500 cavalry and six pieces of artillery. This column went directly to Beaver Dam.

The first intimation that I had of the move was about 11 a. m. on the 1st by a citizen who had been run from his home by the second column, the first column having passed in the night without waking any one. He would not be positive that they were Yankees, and not hearing a word from my picket-lines, I thought it must be a false alarm. About the same time I received a note from a scout saying that the enemy had cooked rations and were about to move. I did not and could not believe the citizen's report, but nevertheless, to be safe, I telegraphed at once to Generals Stuart and Hampton and the provost-marshal at Hanover Junction the information I had received and how I cam by it. I at once ordered my brigade under arms and cooked rations for a march. About 12 m. another citizen confirmed the report, saying that he had been them, and was assured that their intention was to get in my rear and attack me. I immediately telegraphed to General Hampton and confirmed the report and asked for orders. He ordered me to be ready to march on short notice. This was about 1 p. m. I had still heard nothing from my pickets. I was in bad plight to move. My effective mounted force was 320, and more than half of this number had already been sent off on scouts in different directions. Having no intimations as yet of the enemy's intentions, I prepared to defend my camp. About 2 p. m. a scout reported that the enemy had gone rapidly toward Central Railroad, which he must have reached before that time. At this time I learned that the telegraph was cut between Beaver Dam and Louisa Court-House. At 11 a. m. I reported to General Hampton and again asked for orders. He told me if I did not fear an attack on my camp that I could pursue the enemy, covering Milford and Hanover Junction. This was at 4 p. m. I reported back that I would march at 5. 30 p. m., but that I could not reach the enemy unless he attempted to return, as he was already 40 miles ahead of me. He then ordered me to remain in camp and await orders.

Before daylight next morning he ordered me to leave dismounted men in camp and take the rest to Spotsylvania Court-House to cover my camp. I march at daylight, leaving Colonel Twiggs in command

