
If the number of saddles, bridles, and halters should be made to correspond with the number of horses, I have no doubt the report would much nearer approximate the truth.

Very respectfully,

W. H. CHEEK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major THEODORE G. BARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Reports of Captain Edward C. Fox, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, Lomax's brigade, Fitzhugh Lee's division.

RICHMOND, March 9, 1864.

GENERAL: According to instructions I have the honor to report the facts concerning the little fight we had with the raiding party of the enemy around Richmond on the 5th day of March.

I was informed by Lieutenant Pollard, of the Ninth Virginia Cavalry, that the enemy were advancing through King William County. I immediately ordered my men to report for duty, and succeeded in assembling 28 at king and Queen Court-House. Lieutenant Pollard came up in their rear, and engaged their rear guard near Burlington Church, skirmishing for several miles. They halted and fed near Mantapike. The portions of the different commands were then collected together and put in ambush to await the advance of the enemy. After an hour or two's rest they moved on slowly. Our fire was reserved until the head of their column rested within a few yards, when they opened fire, which was instantly returned. Colonel Dahlgren fell dead, pierced with five balls.

We captured 92 prisoners, 38 negroes, a number of horses, arms, &amp;c. Our force numbered about 150 men-Lieutenant Pollard, 20 men; Captain McGruder, of the Forty-second Virginia Battalion, 70; Captain Bagby, home guards, 25; Captain Todd, home guards, 9; King and Queen Cavalry, 28.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. FOX,

Captain Company E, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

Major General FITZHUGH LEE.

[First indorsement. *]

General STUART:

Pollard has not yet answered your inquiry as to the exact time when Captain Fox arrived and assumed command. You have forwarded Fox's letter in answer to the same question.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,March 10, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Lieutenant Pollard's report of this matter has already been sent on, but as it appears that Captain Fox was in command of various detachments of our forces [sic] resulting in the death of Dahlgren and capture of his troops, I forward this report also.

FITZ. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*In pencil and without signature.

---------------

