
[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

From Lieutenant Pollard's report it is apparent that the place of ambush and the dispositions which resulted so successfully in the capture of Dahlgren's party were made by him prior to Captain Fox's arrival.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

ASHLAND, April 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your communication on yesterday, dated March 19.

I received notice through one of the home guard, who had been notified by one of Lieutenant Pollard's company, of the advance of the enemy. Immediately sent orders to my lieutenants to assemble my company at King and Queen Court-House, with orders to come up to Dunkirk. I started for Dunkirk immediately. When within one-half mile of the place learned that the Yankees had swam the river at Aylett's, 4 miles below, when I returned and went to the Court-House, having sent a dispatch to Captain Bagby, of the home guards, to keep me advised of the movements of the enemy. On my arrival at the Court-House found about 70 men present from different commands. I went into ambush just below the Court-House, having received information of the advance. Received information through two members of my company that the enemy had gone into camp, when I moved up the road. On my arrival at Mantapike hill found some 60 or 70 men in ambush. It was about 9 o'clock at night. Captain McGruder, of the Forty-second Virginia Battalion, was present, and Captain Bagby, home guard. I immediately took command of the entire force. I determined, after finding out my strength, to charge the camp. Sent up to Stevensville after Lieutenant Pollard (some 2 or 3 miles above), but before his arrival received information that the Yankees were again advancing. The whole force was put in ambush. It was about 12 o'clock when the action took place. The enemy then went into Mantapike field, which has a canal running through it that cannot be crossed except at one place, and the river on one side. Knowing that it was impossible for them too make their escape, except by place spoken of in canal above, I took the command below it, barricaded the road, and waited until day, when I send in a flag of truce by Lieutenant Nunn, demanding an unconditional surrender. Before his return I saw from the confused condition they were in that they had determined not to fight. When I moved in found no commissioned officer present. They were afterward captured by Captain Bagby. I cannot say by whom the place of ambush was chosen.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. C. FOX,

Captain Company E, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

Major H. B. MCCLELLAN.

