
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 4, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This additional report was called for by me because Captain Fox's former report seemed to throw some doubt as to whom the credit of the ambuscade was due. His concluding remarks, however, I think, show that this credit was due, as at first supposed, to Lieutenant Pollard, who, according to this report, chose the ground, stationed the men, and then sent to King and Queen Court-House for Captain Fox.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Numbers 12. Reports of Colonel Richard L. T. Beale, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, Chambliss' brigade, including operations January 21 to March 6.

MARCH 9, 1864.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of the 7th instant I have the honor to submit the following report of the disposition and movements of my command since January 21:

We marched from Albemarle to this point, near Centre Cross, in four days. Under instructions to render Majors Dade and Waite all the necessary assistance in collecting bacon in the Northern Neck, Companies C, D, K, and I were placed subject to their orders. These companies were recalled before completing collections in lancaster and Northumberland Counties, upon receipt of an order from Major-General Stuart to relieve General Young, at Hamilton's Crossing. That order received on 6th day of March.

Company H and a detachment of 32 men, under Lieutenant Ewell, picketed from West Point to Urbanna, in Middlesex, Lieutenant Ewell being relieved by Lieutenant Nelbett so soon as Captain Bolling joined me and sent to Lancaster County. One-half of Company A was charged with picketing on Potomac and across to Fredericksburg. Company B, E, F, half of A, and G were held in camp and picketed the Rappahannock from Rappahannock down, under orders from General Hampton. With 130 men, under a pressing order from Brigadier-General Young, we made in January a forced march (60 miles in twenty-six hours) to Hamilton's Crossing.

In February we made a similar march to Hanover Court-House, under orders from Major-General Hampton.

In March we were ordered to Hanover Junction to find orders. This was accomplished with 175 men between 10 o'clock on Tuesday and 12 o'clock on Wednesday. No orders were left for me. I sought the enemy on the Ash Cake road as far as Hanover Court-House and Old Church, marching day and night, and reaching Old Church at daybreak on Thursday morning. Here I was halted and a plan of attack arranged by Colonel Johnson at Tunstall's Station. The enemy had marched an hour before we reached that point. Being informed General Hampton had been recalled to Richmond, I returned to Old Church and wrote him that unless otherwise ordered

