
I should return to camp on Friday. I came slowly back, reaching camp Saturday night.

I received at Old Church a dispatch from Lieutenant Pollard, with a note-book and sundry papers taken from the body of Colonel Dahlgren. I forwarded the papers and reported the captures to you at Richmond. The note-book I still have.

On the evening of the 6th, Lieutenant Neblett brought in 19 prisoners (15 white, 4 colored) taken on the tug-boat Titan, in the employ of the United States Government. One was shot in attempting to seize the arms of the guard before reaching camp. He reported the capture as made by a volunteer party of disbanded cavalry in the waters of accomac County. The tug was brought to Piankatank River, and Lieutenant Rowleth, fearing a rescues from Gloucester Point, sent to Neblett for help. He watched the enemy retreating before him, and after removing a large lot of sugar, coffee, whisky, &amp;c., the tug was burned. * My last order was to relieve General Young. A dispatch from General Stuart, received upon the eve of marching, implicitly revoked that. I replied that I should wait for orders, and sent Captain Bolling's company to co-operate with Lieutenant Pollard in watching for Kilpatrick, holding the rest of my command in readiness to fight him, should he come.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. T. BEALE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General FITZHUGH LEE.

Numbers 13. Reports of Lieutenant James Pollard, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

MARCH 7, 1864.

GENERAL: Early on the morning of the 2nd I received information from my scouts that the portion of the column which attacked Richmond on 1st March were attempting to escape through King William and king and Queen Counties to Gloucester Point. I immediately sent a dispatch to Captain McGruder, Forty-second Battalion, to join me, and started in pursuit with the remainder of my company, about 25 men, having sent the rest to scout [and] picket the numerous roads and ferries. I overtook the enemy about 4 p. m. and attacked his rear, skirmishing with him for several miles. I then turned off on a by-road to head him, sending a few men to harass his rear. Was re-enforced by Captain McGruder with about 300 men and a number of the home guard, and placed them in line of battle at a point that the enemy was obliged to pass. I then sent for Captain Fox, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, and he joined me with as many of his company as he had been able to collect (about 15 men) just in time to meet the enemy, who advanced upon our position about 11. 30 p. m. The colonel commanding (Dahlgren) was killed at the first fire and several wounded. They then retreated in confusion, leaving the road and taking to the fields. As soon as it was light we discovered them scattered about in a field dismounted, when we advanced and found that the whole force had surrendered to a Confederate officer who was a prisoners with them, except the commissioned officers and a few men who had dismounted and fled to the woods. The

---------------

*See also reports of Duvall and Fitzhugh, pp. 231 and 232.

---------------

