
officers and most of the men have since been captured. The whole number captured will amount to about 175-40 negroes and 135 soldiers.

I am indebted to Captains McGruder and Fox and the home guard for their cordial co-operation, as well as the coolness and bravery of their men in meeting the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

JAMES POLLARD,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Colonel H, 9th Va. Cav. (on detached service).

Major General FITZHUGH LEE.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 9, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

Lieutenant Pollard deserves great credit for his gallantry, and his men and officers who so zealously co-operated with him should share the praise due them. Lieutenant Pollard is first lieutenant of Company H, Ninth Virginia Cavalry, Chambliss' brigade, Lee's division, Cavalry Corps.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, March 11, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the Department, heartily concurring in the commendation of General Stuart.

R. E. LEE,General.

[Third indorsement.]

MARCH 21, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

A gallant exploit, and one which exhibits what a few resolute men may do to punish the enemy on their marauding raids.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

APRIL 9, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in reply to your order of March 19, received to-day, that early on the morning of - I got William, moving toward King and Queen. I immediately started with my company to meet him at Dunkirk, the only ferry at which a boat had been left on the river; but he secured a wood-boat at Aylett's, several miles lower down the river, and crossed his men, swimming his horses. I pursued and attacked his rear, skirmishing with him for several miles, when I turned off to get ahead of him at a point which I knew he must pass. On my way to this place I met Captain McGruder, Forty-second Battalion Virginia Cavalry (to whom I had sent in the morning to join me), and some home

14 R R-VOL XXXIII

