
guards, who placed their men at my command, and I put them in the position which I had chosen abut dark. Later in the evening I hard that Captain Fox, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, with some of his men, was at King and Queen Court-House and sent for him to join me, which he did, arriving on the ground about 10 or 11 o'clock, and a few minutes before the enemy advanced and Colonel Dahlgren was killed. Captain Fox then took command and we remained in position until daylight, when he ordered me to take my company and find out the position of the enemy, and they surrendered without showing fight.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES POLLARD,

First Lieutenant Commanding Company H, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded.

To Lieutenant Pollard's skillful dispositions and to his activity it is mainly owing that Dahlgren was killed and his party captured.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Numbers 14. Reports of Brigadier General Armistead L. Long, C. S. Army, commanding artillery, Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS,March 1, 1864.

GENERAL: Yesterday about 12 m. the enemy were reported advancing in considerable force upon my position. I immediately placed my artillery in position to resist cavalry. With the assistance of 120 sharpshooters I was in hopes of being able to repel any attack that might be made. The enemy, about 1,000 or 1,500 strong, advanced to within half a mile of my advanced camp, but finding a force in front of them, changed their direction to the left, taking farm roads toward Bumpass Station. They struck the railroad about 3 miles below me, above Bumpass. They hastily tore up a few rails and passed on in the direction of Cartersville. Their whole movement about me was masked by the thick timber by which we are surrounded, and although they were very close to me, I could not find and opportunity of doing them any damage.

Later in the day I received reports that another and large force was advancing (which I think, from the report of a prisoner taken by my scout, may have been Kilpatrick moving toward Hanover Junction), and as the first force was moving toward my rear, I was induced to ask for a re-enforcement of one or two regiments of infantry, which force reached me last night. I sent out parties to follow and watch the movements of the enemy. They were pursued as far as the Red House on the mountain road to Richmond. At dark they were moving rapidly in that direction.

I regret to inform you that all the members of the court-martial of this command, who were in session, were captured. A vacant

