
house some distance from camp had been selected for the meeting of the court, and the movement of the enemy was so sudden there was not time to notify the court of their approach. The following officers were captured: Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, Captains Page, Watson, and Dement, Lieutenants Blair and Deas; probably Lieutenants Lambie and Walthall. Several enlisted men were also captured, but were released after being carried some distance.

I notified General Elzey and the commanding officer at Hanover Junction yesterday of the enemy's movements, and I hope they may be able to intercept them. I greatly felt the want of a few hundred infantry. With these I am sure I could have inflicted a severe chastisement upon them. The nature of the country would have greatly assisted me. My sharpshooters were too few, and I had too much at stake to hazard any movement against them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS,March 4, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

This report should have been addressed, it is considered, to the general-in-chief of artillery, he being at hand and in general charge; but although there seems something of official disrespect in violating usage and regulations, as well as Orders, Numbers 69, from general headquarters, of last series, as is done in this direct communication to general headquarters, it is deemed best for the service, as well as most suitable for myself, to forward it without delay, only directing attention to the irregularity.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS,March 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the pleasure to announce the escape of Lieutenant-Colonel Jones and Captain Watson. They effected their escape night before last between the hours of 9 and 11 o'clock. the enemy were then across South Anna River, having crossed at Turkey Creek Ford. Colonel Jones estimated the column at 1,500. Colonel Dahlgren, commanding, stated he had 2,000. Besides this column another one crossed the railroad at Beaver Dam (where everything was destroyed), numbering between 2,000 and 3,000 men, and believed to be under Kilpatrick. It has four pieces of artillery. The column passing here had no artillery. Both columns said their destination was Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LONG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant G. W. PETERKIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Corps, Army of N. Va.

