
which they were immediately driven, and on the left by Company D, Tenth Virginia Battalion Heavy Artillery, Captain C. S. Harrison commanding. Lieutenant Chaplain's party lost 5 men n the charge, as per list* of casualties inclosed.

A demonstration was made by the enemy against Captain Hankins' position on the Mill road, but it was repulsed, and in the artillery duel that ensued Captain Hankins several times drove the gunners of the enemy from their guns.

Captain Rives' fire caused a large body of the enemy, massed between the Brook turnpike and the Mill road, to seek shelter in the thick wood to the right of the Brook turnpike. The firing lasted about two hours, after which the enemy retreated toward the Meadow Bridge road.

Later in the day a small body of the enemy's cavalry made its appearance near the residence of Mr. J. P. Ballard, about three-quarters of a mile in front of one of my siege batteries, on the intermediate line and Deep Run road, served by a detachment of 20 men of the Twentieth Virginia Battalion, commanded by Second Lieutenant B. F. Halstead, of Company B, Twentieth Virginia Battalion. After exchanging ten rounds the enemy withdrew, with no casualties on our side.

In closing this report I have the honor to express my gratification at the behavior both of the officers and men of this command. The artillery was handled exceedingly well, and the infantry responded with alacrity to every call made upon them.

I had about 500 men engaged between the Brook pike and Mill road, and six pieces of artillery. The enemy supposed to be between 3,000 and 3,500 men, with five pieces of artillery.

Lieutenant Hudgin with four pieces of artillery was ordered to report to General Barton, on the Mechanicsville road, and one section from Hankins' and one from Rives' batteries were sent to report to General Lee before the fire of the enemy on my front had ceased. They having left my command for the time I have not traced their operations, through I have been informed that they were not elsewhere engaged.

The loss of the enemy is not known, they being able under the cover of a dense fog to carry away their killed and wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. STEVENS,

Commanding Richmond Defenses.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Report of Captain L. B. Anderson, North Anna Home Guards.

HEWLETT'S STATION, March 4, 1864.

DEAR SIR: Returning last Monday from visiting a patient several miles below me, I heard just at night that the vandals were at Beaver Dam Depot. I pushed on home, collecting my men as I went, and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) reports 1 man killed and 1 officer and 6 men wounded.

---------------

