
annihilated Kilpatrick's command. We ascertained from various sources that he had only eight small regiments, two brigades, twelve small guns, and between 2,000 and 2,500 men. It was a glorious opportunity most unfortunately neglected. We followed the enemy to Independence Meeting-House, and having been in our saddles all night, and now till late in the day, without food for man or beast, we returned home at night, bringing 1 prisoner captured.

March 2. -Early this morning we went to a point below Ashland and divided, sending a scouting party toward the Old Church and the others moving back toward Negrofoot. The first party, under Sergeant Anderson, encamped near Atlee's, the other near Beaver Dam.

March 3. -Sergeant Anderson went below the Piper Tree and to Mr. Turner's, near Tunstall's Station, and returned to headquarters that night just after the other party arrived from above. Hearing from en enrolling officer in Caroline that the enemy were at Chilesburg, Sergeant Anderson with a party was sent up to that point immediately; and though he had ridden 60 miles that day, he continued to ride until 4 o'clock at night, and reported to me early the next morning.

March 4. -This day we scoured the country above in the neighborhood of Beaver Dan, New Market, Chilesburg, &amp;c., to ascertain the foundation of a thousand will rumors, and returned to-night satisfied that no enemy is within 40 miles of us.

The enemy threw at least a ton of ammunition into the South River, and some of our boys went in and got several hundred cartridges suited to our Burnside rifles. A citizen has gotten out nearly 1,000 pounds of all kinds, and several hundred of the kind suited to our rifles. Will the Department be so good as to give me a requisition for those, as they are all loose, paying the gentleman a reasonable compensation for his trouble? The paper cartridges furnished us are worse then useless; they will not fire once in five times, and never with any accuracy.

Pardon me for this long and rough report of the doings of the noble little band which has honored [me] as their commander.

L. B. ANDERSON,

Captain North Anna Home Guards, now known as Mounted Rifles.

Honorable Secretary SEDDON.

Numbers 17. Congratulatory orders.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND, Numbers 10. March 8, 1864.

The major-general commanding congratulates the troops upon their completely successful defense of the city of Richmond and its rescue from the ravages of the invader. The enemy was gallantly repulsed on the north side by Colonel Stevens' command and on the west by Brigadier General G. W. C Lee's troops. Their conduct is entitled to the highest praise and credit. To Colonel Bradley T. Johnson and the officers and soldiers under his command the thanks of the major-general are especially due for the prompt and vigorous manner in

