
but in any event the publication should go forth with official sanction from the highest authority, calling the attention of our people and the civilized world to the fiendish and atrocious conduct of our enemies.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 5, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I inclose to you herewith a slip from one of the morning papers containing an account of the disposal of a portion of the enemy's force which recently attacked this city, and a copy of the paper* found on the body of Colonel Dahlgren, who was killed. The diabolical character of those papers and of the enterprise they indicate seems to require at our hands something more than a mere informal publication in our newspapers. My own inclinations are toward the execution of at least a portion of those captured at the time Colonel Dahlgren was killed, and a publication of these papers as is justification. At any rate, a formal publication of these papers as its justification. At any rate, a formal publication from the highest official position should issue, calling the attention of our people and that of the civilized world to the atrocious modes of warfare adopted by our enemies. General Bragg's views coincide with my own on this subject. The question of what is best to be done is a grave and important one, and I desire to have the benefit of your views and any suggestions you may make. It is not for the purpose of evading or sharing any responsibility which may attach to the action to be taken that I seek to know your views, but simple that in determining what is best to be know your views, but simply that in determining what is best to be done I may have the aid of your wisdom and experience, as well as your judgment of what would be the sentiment of the army on a course of severe but just retribution. You will, of curse, appreciate to what consequences such a course may not rightfully, yet not unnaturally, considering the unscrupulousness and malignity of your foes, lead, and estimate such results in forming your judgment.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure. -From Richmond Daily Examiner, March 5.]

ANOTHER AFFAIR WITH THE ENEMY AROUND RICHMOND-CAPTURE OF IMPORTANT PAPERS AND MEMORANDA OF THE ENEMY, ETC.

The first rumor of the raiders afloat yesterday was that General Stuart, coming down the Louisiana mountain road, had intercepted their retreat, captured 1,200 prisoners, and released all the negroes in their hands. This report lacked confirmation, but it was soon followed by a well-authenticated report of a success quite equal in interest, if not in magnitude, to that ascribed to General Stuart.

---------------

*See inclosures Lee to Meade, April 1, p. 178.

---------------

