
if cut off cross the river above Richmond and rejoin us. Men wills top at Bellona Arsenal and totally destroy it, and anything else but hospitals; then follow on and rejoin the command at Richmond with all haste, and if cut off cross the river and rejoin us. As General Custer may follow me, be careful not to give a false alarm.

PROGRAMME OF THE ROUTE AND WORK.

The following is an exact copy of a paper written in lead-pencil, which appears to have been a private memorandum of the programme which Dahlgren had made to enable him to keep his work clearly in mind:

Saturday-Leave camp at dark (6 p. m.). Cross Ely's Ford at 10 p. m.

Twenty miles-Cross North Anna at 4 a. m. Sunday. Feed and water one hour.

Three miles-Fredericks Hall Station 6 a. m. Destroy arts 8 a. m.

Twenty miles-Near James River 2 p. m. Sunday. Feed and water one hour and a half.

Thirty miles to Richmond-Marched toward Kilpatrick for one hour, and then as soon as dark cross the river, reaching Richmond early in the morning (Monday).

One squadron remains on north side and one squadron to cut the railroad bridge at Falling Creek, and join at Richmond; 83 miles.

General Kilpatrick-Cross at 1 a. m. Sunday; 10 miles.

Pass river 5 a. m. Resistance.

Chilesburg-Fourteen miles; 8 a. m.

Resistance at North Anna; 3 miles.

Railroad bridges at South Anna; 26 miles; 2 p. m. Destroy bridges, pass the South Anna, and feed until after dark; then signal each other. After dark move down to Richmond and be in front of the city at daybreak.

Return-In Richmond during the day. Feed and water men outside.

Be over the Pamunkey at daybreak. Feed and water and then cross the Rappahannock at night (Tuesday night), when they must be on the lookout.

Spies should be sent on Friday morning early, and be ready to cut.

A GUIDE FURNISHED.

The following paper was inclosed in an envelope directed to Colonel U. Dahlgren, etc., at General Kilpatrick's headquarters, and marked "Confidential. " The letter is not dated:

Colonel DAHLGREN, etc.:

DEAR COLONEL: At the last moment I have found the man you want; well acquainted with the James River from Richmond up. I send him to you mounted on my own private horse. You will have to furnish him a horse. Question him five minutes, and you will find him the very man you want.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

JOHN C. BABCOCK.

On the margin of this letter is written:

He crossed at Rapidan last night, and has late information.

MURDER OF THEIR NEGRO GUIDE BY THE RAIDERS.

There now remains no doubt of the barbarous atrocity of the Yankee raiders in the murder of an inoffensive negro who was captured near the Rapidan. The victim of their brutal wrath was a boy named Martin, the property of Mr. David Meems, of Goochland. It appears that the negro was impressed as a pilot, and had informed the yankees that they could cross the river at Jude's Ferry, about 2 miles from Dover Mills. The river was, however, fuller than usual, although it is very probable that the negro advised the raiders according to the best of his information. For no other offense than the imaginary one of misleading the enemy, the negro was hung to a tree, where his dead boyd was found a few hours after life was extinct.

