
It is now quite certain that the Yankees intended to cross the river so as to attack the city from the south side and disconcert our defense by the various directions of their attack. They were, however, disappointed in their attempts to cross the river, and left no other recourse than to cut their way through to Kilpatrick. The wagon train which accompanied them was loaded with arms and equipments, and it is conjectured that these were provided for the prisoners, whose release from Belle Isle was undoubtedly one object of the excursion. The only damage done to the canal was the destruction of the wooden party of the aqueduct at Dover Mills. A few hundred dollars will repair it.

THE ENEMY AT TUNSTALL'S.

We learn that the Yankees destroyed Pearson's saw-mill, near Tunstall's Station. They plundered the neighboring country of all the grain the meat they could lay their hands on. They did no damage to the railroad.
HEADQUARTERS, March 6, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I have just received your letter of the 5th instant inclosing a slip from one of the Richmond journals, giving an account of the recent attack upon that city, and a copy of some papers found on the dead body of Colonel Dahlgren, disclosing the plan and purpose of the enterprise. I concur with you in thinking that a formal publication of these papers should be made under official authority, that our people and the world may know the character of the war our enemies wage against us, and the unchristian and atrocious acts they plot and perpetrate. But I cannot recommend the execution of the prisoners that have fallen into our hands. Assuming that the address and special orders of Colonel Dahlgren correctly state his designs and intentions, they were not executed, and I believe, even in a legal point of view, acts in addition to intentions are necessary to constitute crime. These papers can only be considered as evidence of his intentions. It does not appear how far his men were cognizant of them, or that his course was sanctioned by his Government. It is only known that his plans were frustrated by a merciful Providence, his forces scattered, and he killed. I do not think it right, therefore, to visit upon the captives the guilt of his intentions. I do not pretend to speak the sentiments of the army, which you seem to desire. I presume that the blood bills with indignation in the veins of every officer and man as they read the account of the barbarous and inhuman plot, and under the impulse of the moment many would counsel extreme measures. But I do not think that reason and reflection would justify such a course. I think it better to do right, even if we suffer in so doing, than to incur the reproach of our consciences and posterity. Nor do I think that under present circumstances policy dictates the execution of these men. It would produce retaliation. How many and better men have we in the enemy's hands than they have in ours? But this consideration should have no weight provided the course was in itself right. Yet

