
history records instances where such considerations have prevented the execution of marauders and devastators of provinces.

It may be pertinent to this subject to refer to the conduct of some of our men in the valley. I have hard that a party of Gilmor's battalion, after arresting the progress of a train of cars on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, took from the passengers their purses and watches. As far as I know no military object was accomplished after gaining possession of the cars, and the act appears to have been one of plunder. Such conduct is unauthorized and discreditable. Should any of that battalion be captured the enemy might claim to treat them as highway robbers. What would be our course? I have ordered an investigation of the matter and hope the report may be untrue.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., March 30, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I am directed by the President to send you the inclosed papers, which are photographic copies of the originals, and the originals taken from the body of the late Colonel U. Dahlgren, U. S. Army, who was killed by a detachment of our troops whilst he was in command of a portion of the Federal cavalry in the late expedition under General Kilpatrick. The Government is in possession of ample and incontestable evidence that the papers were taken from the body, which was identified as that of Colonel Dahlgren. In one of them the plan and object of the expedition are stated.

"The prisoners being released," it is added, "once in the city (Richmond) it must be destroyed, and Jeff. Davis and cabinet killed. " The other is an address signed officially by Dahlgren to the officers and men of his command. It contains the following language:

We hope to release the Federal prisoners from Belle Island first, and having seen them fairly started, we will cross the James River into Richmond, destroying the bridges after us, and exhorting the released prisoners to destroy and burn the hateful city, and to not allow the rebels leader Davis and his traitorous crew to escape.

The President directs that you open a correspondence with the general commanding the Federal Army of the Potomac to ascertain if the orders and instructions of Colonel Dahlgren, as contained in these papers, were in conformity to instructions from his Government or superior officers, and whether the Government of the United States sanctions the sentiments and purposes therein set forth. *

The originals of these papers may be retained by you as long as you consider it necessary, and afterward please return them to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

---------------

*See Lee to Meade, April 1, p. 178.

---------------

