
FEBRUARY 29-MARCH 1, 1864. -Skirmishes at Ballahock, on Bear Quarter Road, and at Deep Creek, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Colonel Martin B. Smith, Eighth Connecticut Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Near Portsmouth, Va., March 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 29th February it was reported to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, commanding post at Deep Creek, that the enemy were making demonstrations in his front, the patrol from Ballahock to South Mills having been driven in, and the enemy's cavalry making its appearance in force. I immediately ordered a reconnaissance to be made in the direction of South Mills; at the same time ordered 100 men of the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers and 100 men of the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers, also the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers, to Deep Creek, and proceeded to the front in person.

Lieutenant Thomas Burnett, Company B, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding detachment of Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, while skirmishing with the enemy who were opposing him with about 300 infantry and endeavoring to surround him, brought his men out in good order, with the loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded, displaying great bravery and coolness.

A detachment of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, commanded by Captain Faith, behaved in a very discreditable manner. Upon the enemy firing a few shots into their advance they broke and ran in great disorder, a portion of them falling into the canal, others into the swamp, &amp;c.

At daylight on the 2nd instant started forward and found the enemy had retired, having dug ditches across the road, destroyed the brigade, &c., to prevent pursuit. Having repaired the bridge, again followed until dark, driving them across the line into North Carolina in the direction of South Mills. In coming up with the enemy I found them in line of battle, one battery covering the road and their infantry in the bushes. Their force being very much larger than mine, and darkness coming on, I do not deem it prudent to attack, and fell back to a strong position at the bridge over the Northwest Canal. I left Colonel Keese, of the one hundred and eighteenth New York, in command, with instructions to hold that position, to picket the different roads, and to patrol those leading to Northwest Landing. During the march I learned of a number of roads of which I had no previous knowledge, all of which are thoroughly guarded, and no approach can now be made without my being informed.

The enemy's force consisted of four regiments and one battalion of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two batteries, commanded by General Ransom. My force consisted of 800 infantry, 150 cavalry, and one section of artillery.

Our loss was as follows: Albert S. Nutt, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, killed; Joel Hulse, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, wounded;

15 R R-VOL XXXIII

