
1 officer and 6 men of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry missing, with 13 horses. A deserter, Patrick Tenney, Thirty-first North Carolina Volunteers, who came within our lines, has been duly forwarded.

Inclosed find copy of report of Lieutenant-Colonel Smith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Major R. S. DAVIS,

Fort Monroe.]

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Martin B. Smith, Eighth Connecticut Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Deep Creek, Va., March 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: On the 29th February ultimo, at 10 a. m., I received a communication from Ballahock Station that my patrol of 8 men (patrolling the road from that station to South Mills) had come in contact with the enemy and were driven back to Ballahock. I immediately sent forward Captain Lompe, of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with 40 men, to Ballahock Station, with orders to report what information he could gain of the enemy's movements.

At 1 p. m. I received a report from Captain Lompe that about 30 rebel cavalry were seen 4 miles from the Ballahock post, on the road leading to South mills, and I immediately reported that information to the general commanding. In reply I was instructed to send my cavalry on a reconnaissance to South Mills, and report any information I might learn to headquarters.

On the following morning (March 1) at 4 a. m. Captain Lompe moved forward in the direction of South Mills. At 10 a. m., not hearing anything from that officer, I started for the Ballahock Station, and had proceeded about 2 miles when I met an orderly coming in on a gallop, who informed me that Captain Lompe was retreating and the enemy in close pursuit. I had proceeded but a short distance farther on when I met Captain Lompe. I immediately ordered him to halt and form in line of battle, which he instantly did, the enemy at that time being about 1 mile distant.

By an order from the general, who had just arrived at the scene of action, I ordered forward a detachment of 100 men of the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Thomas Burnett. Shortly before they arrived the enemy began to fall back, when I followed in pursuit, with orders from the general to proceed as far as the Ballahock road, he at the time returning to headquarters. After advancing about 5 miles I found the enemy had halted and formed in line of battle on the Bear Quarter road. Perceiving this I detached 25 men of the Ninth New Jersey, who advanced as skirmishers. We advanced cautiously along the road for about 1 1/2 miles, when we were fired upon from a dense thicket on the left of the road. We returned the fire and entered the thicket and perceived the enemy, who numbered about 300, moving toward our rear with the evident intention of cutting us off. To prevent them, we retired by the left

