
flank, continuing the firing, which caused them to relinquish their original design; and here left me add that Lieutenant Burnett, who had charge of the advance, showed himself to be a brave and efficient officer. Owing to the superior force opposed to us I ordered forward from this post two pieces of artillery and 100 men of the Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers, all under command of Captain Simpson. Later in the evening we again advanced and engaged the enemy. Night coming on, and by reason of the extreme darkness which prevailed, we retired about 1 mile and bivouacked for the night. About 8 o'clock I started to report in person to the general at Deep Creek. At the distance of 1 mile from my command I met Captain Faith with a detachment of 100 men of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry. On halting him he sated he was to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, when I informed him that I was that officer and ordered him to report to Captain Simpson, whom I left in command.

On the following morning (March 2) I learned that Captain Faith, instead of reporting as directed, passed our column until he reached the enemy's camp, who, not relishing his appearance on such a dark night, greeted him with a volley of musketry, which caused him to reverse his column in haste, dismounting several horses and causing many with their riders to plunge into the Dismal Swamp Canal, those escaping the water falling back in confusion on Captain Simpson's artillery, which was stationed on the road in their rear, causing several more to be dismounted; some having their shoulder-blades dislocated, others their legs broken, &amp;c. Captain Simpson finally succeed in forming many of them in his rear, Captain Faith, at this position of affairs, being satisfied to report to Captain Simpson.

Captain Lompe, in his report of his reconnaissance to South Mills, states that his advance guard on reaching the 16-mile stone was confronted by a force of between 300 and 400 rebels. Having moved to the front, and satisfying himself of the enemy's strength, he ordered Lieutenant Phillips, who was in charge of the advance guard, to be vigilant; that he was going to fall back. he immediately dispatched two orderlies, one to Lieutenant Shaffer, commanding picket Ballahock, and the other to the undersigned at Deep Creek. Giving Lieutenant Phillips charge of the rear guard, he reversed his column and immediately perceived the enemy charging in full force, distant about one-third of a mile. He at once ordered a gallop, and fell back in good order over the Northwest Canal bridge, tearing up the planks as soon as he crossed. He then formed his command in line of battle, and at this point he found that Lieutenant Phillips and a portion of his command was missing. Being forced from his position he fell back to Deep Creek, as before stated.

There are missing from Captain Lompe's command 1 lieutenant and 7 privates, with their equipments, together with 13 horses and their equipments. Lieutenant Burnett, in his report of the engagement at Bear Quarter road, reports 1 private (Albert S. Nutt) killed and 1 (Joel Hulse) wounded, both of the Ninth New Jersey Volunteers. total casualties up to March 2, instant, 1 killed, 1 wounded, and 7 missing, with 13 horses. On the morning of that day the general assumed command in person.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post Deep Creek.

Captain W. H. ABEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

