
My command has marched, since leaving camp, 172 miles over a very rough road, and for two days with but little subsistence, the country being entirely destitute of anything but hay. My loss in material, from examination, has been 12 horses. The 6-mule wagon that accompanied the command was precipitated down a precipice and destroyed. From 2 prisoners that were captured I received information that on the day of my arrival in Franklin the enrolling officer for the Confederate Government, with a provost guard, was to have arrived there, and the men that had been conscripted were ordered to report there on that day. My arrival was very opportune, and the destruction of the saltpeter-works must have been a loss to the Confederate Government of $8,000 or &amp;10,000.

I desire to express my sincere thanks to Lieutenant McKenzie and Nugent, of the staff of the colonel commanding, and Lieutenant Gibson, of the Ringgold Cavalry, for the prompt and efficient manner in which they preformed all the duties assigned to them, but I would particularly request that Lieutenant Crago, of the Ringgold Battalion, will not be again assigned to any command under me. To Captain Pease I am under special obligations for his assistance in the general movements of the command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. I. ROOT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth New York Vol. Cavalry.

Lieutenant M. J. RUSSELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 3, 1864. -Skirmish near Petersburg, W. Va.

Report of Colonel Daniel D. Johnson, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Department of West Virginia.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,New Creek, W. Va., March 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to an order of the colonel commanding division, dated February 28, 1864, I directed Captain Work, commanding detachment of the Ringgold Battalion Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, at Greenland Gap, to move with his entire available force on the 1st day of March into Petersburg, W. Va., there to remain as a guard for the supply train of the Fifteenth New York Cavalry. Captain Work arrived at Petersburg on the evening of the 1st instant, with 33 men, and was joined by Lieutenant Denny with 27 men on the evening of the 2nd instant. On the 3rd instant Captain Work sent Lieutenant Denny and 27 men to scout in the direction of Moorefield. They came in constant with small force of the enemy about 8 miles from Petersburg and charged upon them, and drove them back a short distance, when the enemy was re-enforced and attacked Lieutenant Denny in overwhelming force, compelling him to retreat. Captain Work reports our loss in this skirmish, 7 men missing and 13 horses and equipments captured. The enemy's loss is 2 horses killed and 2 men severally wounded.

On the evening of the 3rd instant Captain Work, deeming his position unsafe, fell back toward Greenland Gap, a distance of 5 miles, where he bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 4th instant he returned to Petersburg, and discovering the enemy

