
close to the town he ordered the train to Greenland Gap, and in the evening fell back gain to his camp of the previous night. On the 5th instant the Fifteenth New York Cavalry returned through Petersburg, W. Va., and Captain Work returned to his camp at Greenland Gap.

Very respectfully,

D. D. JOHNSON,

Colonel.

Lieutenant M. J. RUSSELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 4-5, 1864. -Demonstration on Portsmouth, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Near Portsmouth, Va., March 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 4th instant the commanding officer at the outpost-Bernard's Mills-reported the enemy advancing from the village of Suffolk in force, their line of skirmishers presenting a formidable for my necessarily small force at that post.

I immediately sent the Twenty-third Massachusetts and one section of 3-inch guns to his support, and went to the front to ascertain fully the state of affairs. I found that they had established a strong line of pickets just without rifle range. Having placed to the best advantage the small force at hand, I asked for the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts, which was promptly sent me and made use of. Information received from deserters and others deterred me from attacking, of which you were duly informed. On receiving your telegram, informing me that re-enforcements were on the way, I immediately returned to headquarters, leaving the advance in command of Colonel Elwell, Twenty-third Massachusetts, to make the proper dispositions of the troops as they arrived. Brigadier-General Birney was sent forward to the front with one of his regiments-the Seventh. Colonel Duncan was assigned to the command at Bowers' Hill, one of his regiments, the Fifth, having re-enforced that post, a most important point in case of an attack on our main position.

On Sunday morning General Kilpatrick arrived, and finally offered the services of himself and command. Sunday afternoon, received intelligence that the enemy were retiring. I immediately proceeded to the front, and with the Second U. S. Colonel Cavalry (Colonel Cole) started in pursuit. From all the information that could be obtained from prisoners and others, I learned that the enemy commenced retiring about 12 o'clock Saturday night, evidently frightened away by the firing from the admiral's gun-boats. I followed them about 8 miles beyond Suffolk, toward the Blackwater, thoroughly scouring all the roads for miles, and am satisfied they are beyond the Blackwater. General Ransom was below Sandy Cross at last accounts, making for the Blackwater. As soon as the demonstration was made in front I ordered the Tenth New Hampshire to re-enforce Colonel Roberts in the District of Currituck, who kept his cavalry constantly at work scouring the country, and reports the canal navigable, and that it has not been interfered with during the recent visit of the enemy.

