
Colonel Roberts is untiring in his efforts to free his district from guerrillas and the enemy, and has matters in much better condition than they have been heretofore. Colonel Keese, of the One hundred and eighteenth New York, commanding outpost near Deep Creek, has also been vigilant and active with his command. The country is thoroughly patrolled, and reconnaissances are made frequently. Detachments are now out from both Roberts' and Keese's commands. Their reports I will forward as soon as they arrive.

Immediately upon my arrival at the front yesterday, and finding the enemy had retired, I at once relieved General Birney and his regiments stationed there, and they have returned. The enemy have disappeared entirely and all is quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 5, 1864. -Rid on the Eastern Shore of Virginia.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Captain Robert E. Duvall, Purnell Legion Maryland Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Captain Thaddeus Fitzhugh, Fifth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Robert E. Duvall, Purnell Legion Maryland Cavalry.

EASTVILLE, VA., March 7, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor respectfully to report that at daybreak upon the morning of the 5th instant my guard at Cherrystone was attacked by a band of guerrillas, numbering from 40 to 50 men, commanded by Captain Fitzhugh, of the rebel cavalry. The guard, numbering 8 men, in charge of Corporal Ozmon, was overpowered and captured, with the exception of 2, who were on guard over the telegraph box, 1 1/2 miles distant. The rebels destroyed commissary stores to the amount of about $2,000, the guard-house, the telegraph instrument and apparatus at Cherrystone; killed and wounded 8 horses; seized and bonded the steamer Iolas, at that time lying near the Cherrystone wharf, and captured and escaped in the Government steam-tug Titan.

As soon as information reached me at Eastville, I proceeded with all possible dispatch to Cherrystone with all the available men at my command, but the guerrillas were just leaving the wharf as I reached there, and having no available boat at my command I was unable to intercept them.

From information received I am satisfied that the rebels came from Mathews County, Va., and they have doubtless returned to the neighborhood of Mob Jack Bay.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. DUVALL,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps.

