
MARCH 6, 1864. -Skirmish at Snickersville, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major Charles A. Wells, First New York Veteran Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Captain John J. Carter, First New York Veteran Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Charles A. Wells, First New York Veteran Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp Sullivan, Halltown, Va., March 7, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from General Sullivan "to find out whether the enemy were about to cross at the Point of Rocks," I marched to Waterford Saturday afternoon, which place I reached at midnight.

At Hillsborough I left one company, Captain Carter, to guard my rear, which was strengthened at daylight by another company, Captain Cooley's (who had been searching houses in the vicinity of Purcellville during the night for furloughed soldiers, securing 1 of White's battalion, who had been turned over to Captain Leavitt, provost-marshal of Halltown, and 2 horses), making a force of 90 men at that place. I ordered Captain Carter to send a detachment at daylight to Purcellville to remain there until further orders.

I bivouacked at Waterford that night, and in the morning sent a force of 60 men, under Captain Banks, to Leesburg, but was unable to find the enemy in that vicinity, and I then ordered them to proceed down the Leesburg pike to Purcellville, and then cross to Hillsborough, bringing the detachment of 20 men I ordered there with them.

I remained at Waterford until 1 p. m., and then marched to Hillsborough, arriving there at 3 p. m. I there learned that the detachment sent out by Captain Carter to Purcellville had, by mistake, gone to Snickersville, where they had a fight with about 32 of the enemy, who killed and captured the party, the details of which will be found in the accompanying report of Captain Carter; that he had started out with the balance of his men, had joined Captain Banks' company at Purcellville, and gone in pursuit of the enemy. I halted my command until they returned at 8 p. m., sending a party to destroy the distillery as your ordered (a report of which has been forwarded), and then camped for the night, leaving there at 8 o'clock this morning. From all information I could gather, there had been no organized force of the enemy in the vicinity of Leesburg for three weeks.

I wish to bring before you the fact that only a few of our carbines (Staun's) can be relied upon, as shown in Captain Carter's report, and as I have noticed in trying them at target practice,and would respectfully recommend that a change of arm be made too one that can be relied upon and give the men their old confidence.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WELLS,

Major First New York Veteran Cav., Commanding Detachment.

Captain BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

