
Numbers 2. Report of Captain John J. Carter, First New York Veteran Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST VETERAN CAV., NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Camp Sullivan, near Halltown, Va., March 7, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report that, in obedience to orders received from headquarters First New York Veteran Cavalry, I proceeded with 60 men of my company (D), on the afternoon of the 5th instant, on an expedition through Loudoun Valley, Va., said expedition being commanded by you (Major Wells). Reaching Hillsborough about 10 p. m. on the night of the 5th instant, I received orders from you to hold the town (Hillsborough) with my command that night, the 5th, and that some time before morning I would be re-enforced by the command of Captain Cooley, who was about to start for Purcellville. I was further ordered by you o send 20 good men, under charge fo a non-commissioned officer, to Purcellville on the morning of the 6th instant, say at 8 a. m., said party to picket the town until the command should return from Waterford, where you (Major Wells) was about to start, unless they saw a force of the enemy, when they were to remain until the object of the expedition would be accomplished. In obedience to those orders, I sent 4 corporals and 17 privates, all under the charge of my orderly sergeant, Alfred H. Cain, with the orders as heretofore mentioned, and giving him directions concerning the roads, &amp;c.

The party started and all seemed well until about 2 p. m. of the 6th instant, when 3 of my men who had gone with the party sent out by you on that morning were either killed or captured except the 3 just returned, and also informed me that this had taken place at Snickersville. I immediately resolved to ascertain the truth of the matter, and at once started with 35 of my company for Snickersville, leaving Captain Cooley's command at Hillsborough to hold it. I had not gone more than 3 to 3 1/2 miles before I met Captain Banks, of this regiment, and a part of your (Major Wells') command, and upon stating to him (Captain Banks) the object of my visit me. I proceeded to Snickersville as fast as possible, nothing having transpired worthy of comment, and meeting but 2 of the enemy, one of which Alfred Crammer, Company B, First New York Veteran Cavalry, shot, and the other succeeded in making good his escape to the mountains.

On reaching Snickersville I fund that 4 of my men were shot dead, 2 wounded, and that 10 were taken prisoners, while there were 3 missing whom I could not receive any account of, as they had taken the Leesburg pike, followed by a party of the enemy's cavalry, who at the latest accounts had not succeeded in capturing them. I found the orderly sergeant (he who commanded the party) at one of the houses badly wounded in the left hip and breast. I made such inquiries as was possible of him, and afterwards of the citizens, and all agreed to the following.

About 11. 30 a. m. a party of cavalry (my men) came into Snickersville and immediately threw out pickets on the various approaches leading to the town. Then one-half of the party fed their horses while the rest remained ready to act. After remaining here about one-half hour, the picket in the gap (Snicker's) gave the alarm

