
intentionally, however, for on reaching the Leesburg pike he did not find a sufficient collection of houses him, he says, that was Purcellville), yet behaved himself so well and handled his men with such skill and confidence all through the action, overpowered by numbers and badly wounded himself, that he deserves the commendation of his commanding officers, and I would respectfully request that he be mentioned in your report as one who acted particularly gallant and handled his men with the ability of an officer higher in rank. In short, I would commend all the brave men who so nobly fought and nobly died while in the performance of their duty. The following is the list* of casualties.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. CARTER,

Captain, Commanding Company D.

Major CHARLES A. WELLS,

First New York Veteran Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,March 10, 1864.

The within report is respectfully forwarded.

Attention is called to the facts that the enemy were but little stronger than our own forces; that from reliable information our men were at their meals when first surprised, and that their being at Snickersville was in direct violation of orders.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARCH 9, 1864. -Skirmish near Greenwich, Va.

Report of Major George F. McCabe, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 13TH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY,March 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the party who made the attack on the detachment Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry yesterday, 9th March, 1864, consisted of 40 men, under command of Mosby in person. I came up to him at Buckland Mills about 3. 30 p. m. yesterday, and at once charged him. His command broke when I was a pistol-shot from him. I continued after him and ran his party through Thoroughfare Gap and on to his camp at Plains Station on the Manassas Gap road. I found his command encamped at that place in Sibley and shelter tents. he got his whole command in line,d is mounted, behind a stone a fence at that place, and I did not have men enough to attack him in his camp. I drove him so hard yesterday as to compel him to release 2 men he had captured, and they cut off their overcoats and blankets from their saddles so as to be lighter mounted, that they could get away. I do not think that there are ore than 100 men in the camp at Plains Station, but I believe

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 4 killed, 2 wounded, and 13 missing.

---------------

