
regiments of infantry, four pieces of artillery, and 300 cavalry. The enemy made a charge with their cavalry upon two squadrons of Cole's, and were handsomely repulsed with large loss (with a loss of some 60). The charge brought the colored soldiers into hand-to-hand fight with the rebels, and the enthusiastic testimony of their officers is that they behaved with the utmost courage, coolness, and daring. I am perfectly satisfied with my negro cavalry.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Charles A. Heckman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Near Portsmouth, Va., March 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 9th instant Colonel Cole, commanding Second U. S. Colored Cavalry, made a reconnaissance beyond Suffolk, examining the different roads. A short distance from town the enemy were met in force and a brisk skirmish ensued.

Lieutenant-Colonel Pond, with a portion of the regiment, being on the Somerset road, Colonel Cole with his command held the enemy in check until Colonel Pond's return, which was only done by most obstinate fighting, the enemy using infantry, artillery, and cavalry. After the return of Colonel Pond, finding the enemy in great force, Colonel Cole retired with his command, which he did in good order. As soon as the attack was made on Colonel Cole's command, re-enforcements were immediately sent forward, expecting the enemy would advance, and resolved to fight them at Bowers' Hill, to which point the re-enforcements were sent. The enemy, however, advanced no farther then Bernard's Mills, where they either destroyed or carried off the camp and garrison equipage of the three companies of the One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers.

I think the object of the enemy was to capture Cole's cavalry, in which they failed most decidedly. Never did soldiers display more bravery, nor officers more coolness and courage, than that displayed by Colonel Cole's command. Almost entirely surrounded by ten times their number, they fought their way out, losing no prisoner or horses except those that were killed.

Our loss in the engagement was as follows. *

A majority of the missing will doubtless come in, as most of them are men whose horses were shot, and the men ran into the swamp and will find their way in. The loss of the enemy was much greater than ours. The enemy have retired, and the outpost again established at Bernard's Mills. The commanding officer of the enemy's cavalry was killed by Colonel Cole. He fell dead from his horse. The missing men reported above are coming in constantly. The force of the enemy is reported to be Ransom's brigade (five regiments of infantry), two regiments of Clingman's brigade, two regiments of cavalry, and eighteen pieces of artillery.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) reports 5 men killed, 2 officers and 2 men wounded, and 13 men missing.

---------------

