
Cole's cavalry whipped the enemy's in every charge they made, and did not retire until the enemy brought their artillery and infantry into action against him.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel George W. Cole, Second U. S. Colored Cavalry.

BOWERS' HILL, March 14, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the return of all the men who took to the swamps when their horses were shot, except 2, as well as 1 (George Ames, Company K) reported killed. I saw his horse blow up by a shell, and he under it, as I supposed, killed. He crawled out and took the swamp, hiding his arms, at did two others when too hard pressed. These arms we can recover.

The list now stands: Six killed and 1 since dead, 2 (Jacob Parker, Company K, and Amos Nelson, Company A) missing, not yet come in. Killed and missing, 8; wounded, 2 officers and 5 men; Lieutenant Van Lew since dead.

From the report of fugitives I am sure I understand the rebel loss very much. I am certain that it will exceed 50.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. COLE,

Colonel Second U. S. Colored Cavalry.

Brigadier General C. A. HECKMAN,

Commanding, &c.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Matthew W. Ransom, C. S. Army.

PETERSBURG, March 10, 1864.

The following dispatch just received:
HEADQUARTERS,Suffolk, March 9, 1864 (via Weldon, 10th).

The enemy occupied Suffolk in force on Sunday. We attacked them to-day, and after a short struggle drove them in a rout of the town, killing a number, capturing one piece of artillery and a large quantity of commissary and quartermaster's stores. The enemy are flying to Portsmouth, burning bridges and leaving everything behind. We pursued beyond Bernard's Mills. Kilpatrick, Berry, and Heckman are at Portsmouth; if they re-enforce and attack me I shall all on Jordan at Ivor if necessary.

M. W. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

