
MARCH 9-12, 1864. -Expedition into King and Queen County, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Numbers 2. -Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 3. -Colonel Benjamin F. Onderdonk, First New York, Mounted rifles.

Numbers 4. -Abstract from Record of Events on return of U. S. forces at Yorktown.

Numbers 5. -Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army.

Numbers 6. -Colonel Richard L. T. Beale, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Benjamin F. Butler, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

FORT MONROE, March 12, 1864.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

While waiting for transportation I sent a portion of Kilpatrick's cavalry, with a portion of Colonels Onderdonk and Spear's cavalry from my own command, up to King and Queen Court-House, to deal with those citizens who, claiming to be non-combatants when any force of ours is there, yet turned out and ambushed Dahlgren. General Kilpatrick sent forward Colonel Onderdonk's command, who report that the Fifth and Ninth Virginia Cavalry, with citizens, amounting to abut 1,200 in all, were driven from their camp near Carlton's Store, their camp taken, a number killed, and 20 taken prisoners. The enemy were also driven from the Court-House, and a large amount of grain and a mill belonging to the Ninth Cavalry, and other store-houses, were burned.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Yorktown, Va., March 13, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report result of expedition to King and Queen Court-House under my command:

I moved with Duncan's brigade and Colonel Kiddoo's Twenty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, about 2,700 men in all, from Yorktown in transports at 2 p. m. on Wednesday, 9th instant, arriving at Sheppard's Landing, after grounding once or twice in York River, at 8. 30 p. m. The transports were convoyed and guided by three navy gun-boats, under command of Lieutenant-Commander Babcock, U. S. Navy, who also took positions to cover the landing, and was exceedingly active, careful, and efficient. The wharf was repaired and troops landed immediately, one regiment being pushed out 2 miles to the main road, which is nearly parallel with the river,

