
and the others bivouacked in line of battle, with pickets covering the flanks. Brigadier-General Kilpatrick had been dispatched with about 700 of my cavalry, and as near as I can estimate (for he made me no report) about 400 of his men, with two sections of Hunt's and one section of Belger's batteries, from Gloucester Point, at 3 a. m. on the 9th, with orders to move by easy stages and arrive and communicate with me at daylight on the 10th, and not before, at Sheppard's Landing. Major Wetherill with 200 of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, of my command, had returned from near Sheppard's on the 9th, and was followed all the way down, their rear annoyed by small bodies of the rebel cavalry. My object in having my infantry in position in the main road twelve hours before the arrival of the cavalry was to intercept and capture these parties. General Kilpatrick committed the command of the cavalry force to Lieutenant-Colonel Preston, of his command, and went up himself on the gunboat.

On my arrival at Sheppard's I learned that the cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Preston had, contrary to my orders, pushed right through and arrived at that point some four or five hours before me, and were then bivouacked on the main road at the point where I had intended his advance. Of course the rebels fell back without difficulty before them, and we captured none. I had no difficulty in divining also that the movement of our cavalry was by this time well known above. Thinking it possible, however, that the rebels might be strong enough to make a stand at King and Queen Court-House, I directed General Kilpatrick to move with all the cavalry before daylight direct to that place, attack any enemy he might find or hear of there or anywhere within reasonable distance, destroy the court-house and public buildings, and particularly the ferry at Frazier's, and rejoin me at the cross-roads, 6 miles below the Court-House, for which latter place I at the same time pushed with the infantry and artillery to support him.

On arriving at the cross-roads at about 10 a. m., during a severe rain, I found General Kilpatrick and his cavalry at Plymouth, just beyond where he had halted with all his cavalry, sending forward my own cavalry, under Colonel Onderdonk, to execute my orders. Being disappointed in every way, I directed to New Dragon bridge, and to send orders to Colonel Onderdonk to meet him there, and to find or make a crossing and push right on toward Middlesex, camping 10 miles below Saluda the same evening.

Next day, the 11th, he was to explore thoroughly the whole peninsula by detachments on all the roads, and returning rejoin me at Old Dragon bridge, where I would endeavor to have a bridge constructed. The general according moved forward with his force, I following closely with infantry and artillery. Upon arriving within about a mile of New Dragon I met the general returning, who informed me that the rain had raised that river so as to make crossing it impossible, either by fording or bridging, and that he had therefore bivouacked his command. i also encamped, to make a more through examination of the ford, which I did at daylight on the 11th by my own personal escort, and by examining all the citizens and negroes I could find. The river was unfordable, and building a brigade would require half a day at least, besides a long corduroy over the swamp.

16 R R-VOL XXXIII

