
About daylight on the 11th I received from General Kilpatrick the report on same subject, which I have the honor to insert, as follows:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,March 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General WISTAR,

Commanding Expedition:

GENERAL: Colonel Onderdonk and Lieutenant Whitaker, of my staff, have returned. Lieutenant Whitaker reports having met some 15 or the enemy at King and Queen Court-House yesterday. He drove them from the town and destroyed a large amount of government stores, consisting of grain and arms stored at that place. A company of rebel infantry was found stationed opposite Frazier's ferry. At 2 p. m. Lieutenant Whitaker joined Colonel Onderdonk, who had been sent to attack the enemy at Carlton's Store. The enemy, some 1,200 strong, was found encamped just beyond. The enemy was driven from his camp, his camp destroyed, several of the enemy killed and wounded, and 12 taken prisoners. Colonel Onderdonk pursued the enemy until dark, when orders reached him to return.

I had the honor to report to you yesterday the condition of my command, as well as my objections to further operations in the enemy's country. It will take the best part of a day to repair the bridge; the stream cannot be forded,a nd with the roads in their present condition my command cannot make a long march. I am ready to move, and await instructions.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK

Brigadier-General.

During the night of the 10th and 11th Colonel Onderdonk returned from the Court-House and Carlton's Store. He charged and routed a small force at the former place, and destroyed the court-house, jail, and public buildings, but failed to capture the ferry-boat at Frazier's, it having been removed to the other side of the Mattapony and guarded by a company of rebel infantry, who were, of course, inaccessible. At Carlton's Store Colonel Onderdonk found the Forty-second Battalion and Ninth Virginia Cavalry, with a portion of the Fifth Virginia and some armed citizens, which force is said by prisoners to be about 1,200 strong. He charged, dispersed, and chased, killing, wounding, and capturing a number, till recalled by an order which there reached him from General Kilpatrick.

I have the honor to inclose Colonel Onderdonk's report, and also that of Captain Reynolds, commanding detachment of Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. *

During the night of the 11th General Kilpatrick sent his aide to me, stating his objections to any further attempts to cross the Dragon, founded on the difficulty of the stream, the jaded state of his horses, the horrible condition of the roads, and the continued rain. I therefore directed him to proceed with the cavalry down to the Old Dragon crossing, and make a thorough reconnaissance of the river, I following with the infantry. Three miles above that point I met a part returning with the following dispatch from him:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,March 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General WISTAR:

GENERAL: The river cannot be forded. It will taken several hours to bridge it. Two bridges will have to constructed. But little forage here.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

---------------

*Reynolds' report not found.

---------------

