
Friday the river was rapidly rising. I directed him to proceed directly to Yorktown and followed myself with the infantry, the latter arriving, after severe marches through the mud, on the night of the 12th, with one day's rations unexpended. I examined carefully citizens, negroes, and others, and am satisfied the enemy have no force between the Piankatank and the Rappahannock. If, however, it is deemed desirable to visit that section, I respectfully state my judgment that it should be done by landing infantry in boats on the Rappahannock and re-embarking them at the point of the peninsula at a place previously selected for the purpose by a naval reconnaissance; at the same time scouring the country hence to Carlton's Store with cavalry from Gloucester Point. I cn do it at any time when desired. The Dragon is a swampy, muddy, and difficult stream almost all the way to head. It lies in dense woods, with clayey banks, and all the bridges are destroyed. Little or nor forage is to be had for some miles from its banks.

My command captured some 50 odd prisoners, more than half of whom were citizens. The latter were generally turned in on the road by the cavalry under General Kilpatrick, without descriptive rolls or statements. The general had departed for Washington before my return, leaving no report for me, and I have no knowledge whatever of the grounds of their detention. I am therefore obliged to forward them without further explanation.

I have the honor to be, major, with great respect, your obedient servant,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Benjamin F. Onderdonk, First New York Mounted Rifles.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED RIFLES,Williamsburg, Va., March 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: pursuant to orders from the brigadier-general commanding, I have the honor to report the part taken by my command in the late expedition:

At 5. 30 p. m. on the 8th instant, by order of Colonel West, I sent to yorktown all my available men (five troops), the balance being out scouting. At 6 p. m. received orders from Colonel S. P. Spear, commanding Cavalry Brigade, to send the men just returned with one dyas' forage and four days' rations, this comprising the whole regiment under my immediate command. I went with them. On reporting at Yorktown to Colonel Spear, commanding Cavalry Brigade, he placed me in command of the Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry and First New York Mounted Rifles, with orders to report as Gloucester Point with my command to the senior officer commanding the Potomac cavalry. After reporting to him, took up line of march, Mounted Rifles in advance, at 3 a. m. 9th instant, toward Sheppard's warehouse; reached the point at which

