
the command was ordered to bivouac, within 2 miles of the warehouse, at 5. 30 p. m., sending patrols to the river to report the arrival of the gun-boats and transports.

On the 10th, at 4. 30 a. m., ordered by General Kilpatrick to take the advance and move toward King and Queen Court-House (the Eleventh pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry in advance). Within 3 miles of Plymouth the advance guard me the picket of the enemy (1 man); pursued and captured him. Halted at the cross-roads within 7 miles of the Court-House and Carlton's Store, and was directed by General Kilpatrick to attempt the capture of the Forty-second Virginia Battalion Cavalry, encamped near the store; also to burn the court-house, jail, mill, and ferry at King and Queen Court-House. I detailed the Eleventh for the latter duty, with orders to join me at the store. Went myself with the Mounted Rifles to attack the camp; reached the store, captured the mail and a large package of official papers, and learned that the Ninth Virginia Cavalry was, of official papers, and learned that the Ninth Virginia Cavalry was, in addition to the Forty-second Battalion, with about 150 citizens, in full force in the vicinity awaiting us. I then halted to await the arrival of the Eleventh, deeming it unsafe to advance with my small force. During this time a citizen named Watson, mounted and armed, was captured by my pickets. He was evidently on picket duty. On the arrival of the Eleventh they again moved forward in the advance. As we approached the camp the rebels retired, until about 3 miles from the store they formed in line with a show of resistance, but fled in disorder when charged by a battalion of the Eleventh. We pursued them 2 miles, capturing 5 and wounding 3; the others dispersed in the woods and formed in our rear at the store. Returning, burned their camp, fine log quarters; moved left in front, met them at the store, from whence they were pursued by the advance guard of the Mounted Rifles about 2 miles toward Saluda, capturing 5 and mortally wounding 1. We would have captured a large number here, their horses being much fatigued, but an aide-de-camp me time at the store, ordering me to move as rapidly as possible on the return route, and I was obliged the recall the charge. The prisoners at first reported the enemy's force at from 1,000 to 1,200, but afterward said there were not more than 500. From information received from contrabands, I have every reason to believe the first statement correct. The store was a tithe depot, and contained about 100 bushels of shelled corn and a large quantity of fodder. After taking what was necessary for my command I set fire to the buildings in which it was stored. Nothing more worthy of note occurred during the return route to Glucester Point, where we arrived t 6 a. m. on the 12th. I captured during the expedition 20 prisoners. Some of them were turned over to the Potomac cavalry; the balance to the colored infantry. There were no casualties in my command.

Captain Reynolds, commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, and his officers and men are entitled to the highest praise for their gallant conduct in the charge. The Mounted Rifles also behaved with their usual bravery.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ONDERDONK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. R. REYNOLDS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

