
Numbers 4. Abstract from Record of Events on return of U. S. forces at Yorktown, Va., for March, 1864.

March 9. -General Kilpatrick's cavalry, with detachments from Colonel Spear's cavalry brigade and parts of Hunt's and Belger's batteries, marched from Gloucester Point toward King and Queen Court-House. The same day the brigade of U. S. colored troops and the Twenty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops moved by transports to Sheppard's Landing, on the Mattapony River, where they effected a junction with General Kilpatrick, the whole expedition being under command of General Wistar. The next day the cavalry pushed on to King and Queen Court-House, which was attacked, and a force of rebels, said to be 1,200 strong, routed by 700 of the First New York Mounted Rifles and Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Colonel Onderdonk. The expedition then returned by land.

March 12. -General Kilpatrick's cavalry left the district.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick, U. S. Army.

MARCH 12, 1864-8 a. m.

GENERAL: My cavalry has returned. The people about King and Queen Court-House have been well punished for the murder of Colonel Dahlgren.

Colonel Onderdonk reports that the Fifth and Ninth Virginia Cavalry, with citizens-about 1,200 in all-were driven from their camp near Carlton's Store, the camp burned, several killed and wounded, and some 20 taken prisoners. The enemy was also driven from the Court-House, a large amount of rebel property destroyed, a mill filled with grain belonging to the Ninth Virginia Cavalry, and other buildings containing grain burned. General Wistar will return on Sunday.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major-General BUTLER.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Richard L. T. Beale, Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

MARCH 13, 1864.

GENERAL: On Wednesday night at 7 o'clock I was informed the enemy was advancing upon Centreville, in King and Queen County. Under your order Lieutenant Pollard was in King William, and I was forced to rely upon the pickets from Lieutenant-Colonel Robins' command for information of any movements in King and Queen.

About 9 o'clock on Thursday a courier brought a dispatch saying the enemy was advancing rapidly upon two roads. This command was mounted and moved out in ten minutes' time and marched rapidly into King and Queen. My object was to reach a point on the road occupied by the right column of the enemy in advance of them.

