
To do this I found it necessary to leave the road along which I was moving and make a detour to my right. After my column had left this road, and before the advance guard of 12 men, under Captain Oliver, had followed me, the enemy charged down the road. Oliver retreated at full speed on the road to camp. Upon gaining a point upon the road in advance of the main body I found a large column had followed the charging squadrons, endangering my camp. I moved rapidly over some 8 miles back to a point on the road over which I had marched, 2 miles out from camp. The enemy had pursued Oliver to the Dragon Swamp, 1 mile from that point, and retreated. Pursuit was immediately made and kept up at the trot and gallop for 8 miles, then at a walk for 10 miles farther. On reaching Little Plymouth the column was halted and a reconnoitering party thrown out with the view of making a night attack. They reported to me the fact that 2 miles below Plymouth the cavalry had been joined by several regiments of infantry, and the whole were moving toward a burned bridge over the Dragon. I returned, reaching camp about 12 o'clock at night, after a march of over 50 miles.

Learning the enemy were busily building a bridge at night, I moved Friday morning to Middlesex and remained in front of this point. I learned during the day the enemy had marched at 9 o'clock in the morning to the lower or Old Dragon ford, and during the night that he had abandoned his half-built bridge and the ford and retreated toward Gloucester Point.

Kilpatrick was at Plymouth Thursday. About 3,000 cavalry came up in King and Queen, and over 1,000 remained with or near the infantry, consisting of five regiments, mostly negroes.

A scouting party under Lieutenant Cecil Baker was charged and lost 2 wounded and 2 captured; Captain Oliver lost 5; total 9 (3 sergeants and 6 privates). We captured a sergeant and private, and killed or wounded 5 of the enemy.

I will not close this report without noticing the Home guards of King and Queen, under Captain Todd, which turned out handsomely and remained with me to Plymouth. Several members of the Essex Guard were also out and part of a company from Lieutenant-Colonel Robins' command, under Lieutenant Dew. Both to Captain Todd and Lieutenant Dew I am debtor for very valuable assistance as guides in extricating my command from a critical position.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

R. L. T. BEALE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General LEE.

MARCH 9-22, 1864. -Expedition to the Piankatank and skirmish at Cricket Hill, Va.

Reports of Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Army, commanding Naval Brigade.

MATHEWS COURT-HOUSE,

March 20, 1864-2 a. m.

Everything goes on well. One captain and 10 privates have been captured, a valuable steam saw-mill removed, quite a number of

