
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Robert F. Taylor, First New York Veteran Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Halltown, Va., March 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that our pickets were attacked between Charlestown, Va., and the river, at the crossing of the Keys' Ferry and Kabletown roads, yesterday morning at 6 o'clock, by what is supposed to be a portion of Mosby's command, numbering from 40 to 80 men. The force passed to the left of the vedette, on the Kabletown, they being dressed in our uniform. The mistake was not discovered until the rebels had obtained a position and fired a volley into the reserve at less than 10 rods distant, completely surprising them. The loss at the reserve post is 1 killed and 4 wounded, and 2 lieutenants and 11 privates missing.

After the attack they retreated with great rapidity by the way of Kabletown, recrossing at Sampson's Ford, about 3 miles this side of Snicker's Ferry, except small parties, which went to the right below Kabletown, crossing near and at Snicker's Ferry. Major Sullivan, commanding picket, pursued the enemy with 9 men, overtaking them at Kabletown; found them concealed behind an old building, from which they fired a volley, killing Major Sullivan and 2 privates, and severely wounding Lieutenant Baker, all of the First [New York] Veteran Cavalry. The balance of the reserve, under Lieutenant Conway, numbering about 50 men, came up a few moments after, but failed to overtake the enemy. The firing was distinctly heard at this place, and the entire force ordered out. Lieutenant Wyckoff, with 15 men, got to the ford just as they had succeeded in crossing. Anticipating an attack, I sent Lieutenant Wyckoff to Charlestown on the evening of March 9, informing Major Sullivan of the probability of an attack, ordering him to strengthen his pickets and order them to keep on the alert, which I learn he did. I also informed him that I had 150 men in readiness to re-enforce him at any moment. I learn that there were a number of shots fired by the vedette at the post attacked between the hour of 3 and the time of the attack.

I forbear to express and opinion as to where the blame should attach until I can further investigate the matter.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia Cavalry Battalion, including operations to May 1.

SEPTEMBER 11, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the commanding general, the following brief report of the operations of this command since the 1st day March last.

On March 10,* with a detachment of about 40 men, I defeated a

---------------

*March 9. See p. 236.

---------------

