
the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Connecticut Volunteers, under Major Osborne, of the Eighty-fifth New York and One hundred and first and One hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Clarke, all under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell. The success of this enterprise is shown in the list of property taken or destroyed-11 bales of cotton, 20 horses, 10 mules, 200,000 pounds of pork, 80 barrels of lard, 25 casks of salt, 25 barrels of meal, 50 bushels of corn, and many oxen, wagons, carts, &amp;c. This example of Colonel Maxwell will be appreciated and emulated by the whole command.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 23-25, 1864. - Scout from Charlestown, W. Va. to Woodstock, Va.

Report of Major Timothy Quinn, First New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK CAVALRY,Charlestown, W. Va. January 25, 1864.

SIR; I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding that, pursuant to orders, I took command of a scout on Saturday morning last.

Moved from this place at 8 a. m., proceeded to Berryville, where I divided my command, sending a party through Millwood and White Post to Newtown, the main body taking the pike to Winchester, thence to the latter place, where both parties united and bivouacked for the night.

The next morning (Sunday) at 5 a. m., resumed the journey, passing through Middletown and Strasburg; halted about 4 miles beyond the latter place and sent Captain Bailey with a detachment of the First New York Cavalry to Woodstock. On this side of Woodstock the enemy's pickets were posted. The captain's party captured 1 of them,, wounded 1 badly through the knee, and after driving the balance through the town returned to the main body. I then moved back with my whole command to Winchester, where I remained last night. At Strasburg, on my way back, I sent four companies through Cedar Creek road, they uniting with the main body at Winchester. I captured in all 9 prisoners; 3 of those pretend to have been paroled by General Butler. As I was not certain as to what course would be proper for me to pursue in their case, I brought them along for the action of the general commanding.

The whereabouts of the enemy in the valley is as follows: General Early left Strasburg two weeks ago last Saturday, and is now at Harrisonburg. Rosser's brigade of cavalry, consisting of the Seventh, Eleventh, and Twelfth Virginia and White's battalion, is between New Market and Timberville. Imboden's command is at Cross Keys.

No casualty to report in my command.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

TIMOTHY QUINN,

Major First New York Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Captain W. M. BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

