
MARCH 16, 1864. -Affair near Annandale, Va.

Reports of Brigadier General Robert O. Tyler, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, March 16, 1864.

A small party of guerrillas picked up some cavalry stragglers from Kilpatrick's command below Annandale this morning. They were held by a guard of 2 men, whom they report that they killed, and have made their escape.

R. O. TYLER,Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, March 16, 1864.

I have the honor to report all quiet. I sent out a party to the vicinity of Mason's Hill to ascertain about the shooting of the 2 guerrillas. One of them was shot by a corporal from Fort Albany and the other one by our news-agent. The bodies were taken by Lieutenant Shepard, provost-marshal at Fort Albany, to the fort.

Respectfully,R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 16-18, 1864. -Scout in Cabell and Wayne Counties, W. Va.

Report of Major John J. Hoffman, Second West Virginia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND VIRGINIA VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,Camp Toland, W. Va., March 21, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your order of March 16, I took six companies of my command (220 men) and marched to the mouth of Coal River, which I reached late in the evening, and finding that it would require several hours to cross I encamped on this side.

The next day, 17th, I reached Barboursville about 3 p. m., and reported to Colonel Brown, Thirteenth Virginia, who ordered me to cross the river at Guyandotte and camp at the first suitable place, and I camped on the buffington farm, 3 miles below town. Then I was ordered to proceed to Trout's Hill (Wayne Court-House), and at some point on the route would meet Colonel Brown's command, which was to cross at the falls of Guyandotte.

At 3 a. m. the 18th instant I received a message from Colonel Brown, stating that he had heard of a squad of 30 or 40 men crossing the river below the falls and traveling toward the Ohio River in the direction of Winfield, and that he would pursue them and not co-operate with me. I reached Trout's Hill at 1 p. m. the 18th instant, in the vicinity of which was reported 400 of the Eighth and a party of the Sixteenth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry. There was no force at the

