
town, nor had there been any there or in Wayne County since the Sixteenth Virginia routed by Colonel Gallup from Louisa, Ky. I returned that evening to the Buffington farm, having traveled 40 miles. The force reported under Colonel French as marching down Guayndotte was not heard of either by Colonel Brown or myself, and we were both satisfied that there is no organized force in that region. There is in Wayne and Cabell Counties a considerable number of the Eighth and Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry at home on furlough, but so scattered through the hills that it is almost impossible to capture them with a mounted force, but can be affected much easier with small squads of infantry who are acquainted with the country and the residences of the men.

There is but little forage of subsistence from here to Guyandotte, and from there to Trout Hill there is none that I saw. The roads are in very good condition, and we traveled without any difficulty. I brought in 2 horses and 1 mule, neither of much value, and took these only to replace broken-down horses. The weather was good, and the men and horses reached camp in very good condition.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. J. HOFFMAN,

Major, Commanding Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. W. CLARK, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 16-18, 1864. - Reconnaissance toward Snicker's Gap, Va.

Report of Major Henry Peale, Eighteenth Connecticut Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS,Harper's Ferry, Va., March 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to represent that on the morning of the 16th instant, in obedience to orders from headquarters First Division, Department of West Virginia, I started with 3 officers and 150 days' rations, for the purpose of reconnoitering the country in the neighborhood of Snicker's Gap, and also to arrest, if possible, the rebel conscription which was understood to be in process of enforcement in that section by removing the material for such conscription, and lastly to take possession for Government purposes of the cattle of all citizens so seized.

I reached the gap on the morning of the 17th instant, and marched on the pike until within a mile of Snickersville, when the main portion of the battalion was halted with instructions to avail itself of all advantages of concealment by the windings of the road, &amp;c. In company with the officers above referred to, and with a squad of 10 men, I proceeded on the Alexandria pike to a point 3 miles beyond as citizens at their houses. From the unanimity of their statements I was convinced not only that the conscription parties were not there in the neighborhood, but that they had compelled their work one week before, and had been ordered back to the main army under Lee. It was ascertained that they were composed of detachments of the Sixth Virginia Infantry, temporarily disbanded for foraging and recruiting purposes.

