
ordered Lieutenant Cating, of my staff, with an escort of 25 men of Sixth and Ninth New York, under command of Captain Goodrich, Ninth New York, to proceed to the vicinity of Woodville and ascertain whether any force of the enemy was moving in our front, and if opportunity offered upon his return to beat up some of the bushwhackers in that neighborhood.

The party started last night at 10 o'clock, passed through Woodville at 3 a. m., and reached Sperryville before daylight without opposition. Learning that a rebel major who was conscripting in that vicinity was at his house in the mountains north of Sperryville, Lieutenant Cating impressed a guide, proceeded to and surrounded the house, and captured the officer (Major Swindler, Seventh Virginia Infantry) and 2 men.

The rebel cavalry continually harassed the party on their return by skirmishing on their front and flanks, but had not time to gather in sufficient force to inflict any damage. The party returned to camp without loss at 11 a. m. this day, having ridden 46 miles. There has been no movement of the enemy in front on this side of the ridge. Imboden and Jones are said to be in the valley some 15 miles from Sperryville. There are about 200 cavalry between this point and Sperryville. The roads are tolerably good. The bridges on the Sperryville pike were torn up to check the party on their return.

I have ordered the prisoners to be forwarded to division headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain GEORGE P. SANFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 17-21, 1864. - Expedition from Yorktown into Mathews and Middlesex Counties, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Samuel A. Duncan, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding brigade.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel George Rogers, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops.

Numbers 1. Report of Samuel A. Duncan, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Yorktown, Va., March 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward herewith the reports made by Colonel Ames,* Sixth U. S. Colored Troops, and Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops, of the part taken by those regiments, respectively, in the recent expedition to Mathews and Middlesex Counties, Va.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

