
Allow me to call particular attention to the concluding paragraphs of these reports, setting forth the effect upon discipline in those regiments, naturally incident to the execution of orders that necessarily divided them into small detachments, under charge of non-commissioned officers, in an enemy's country and for purposes that offered peculiar temptations - a demoralization which I feel certain was as much regretted by the commandants of those regiments as they were powerless to prevent it. I trust that it is needless to add that the regret expressed by those officers that it should have been found necessary to employ their regiments on an expedition of such a character is fully shared by the colonel commanding the brigade, who, were it not that the soldier should have no choice of his own, would express the hope that the troops under his command may, so far as practicable, be employed in the more legitimate methods of warfare.
I have the honor to remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

SAM'L A. DUNCAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain STEPHEN R. REYNOLDS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Yorktown, April 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The remarks made by Colonel Duncan, Colonel Ames, and Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers on the demoralizing consequences of general license to plunder private property not contraband of war are peculiarly applicable to colored troops, who, according to my observation, especially require to be held with a firm hand in order to get from them the full duty of soldiers. These are all most valuable and judicious officers, and their observations on this subject I think will be understood and appreciated by the major-general commanding.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel George Rogers, Fourth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Yorktown, Va., March 29, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, by the order of Colonel S. A. Duncan, this regiment embarked on board the transport vessel Convoy, at the wharf at Yorktown, on the afternoon of the 17th instant, and that immediately thereafter we received an order from General Graham to follow his boat when it should put out.

At 5 p. m. the fleet of transports and gun-boats, of which the Convoy formed a part, got under way, and at 12 p. m. reached a landing on the Piankatank River 8 miles from Mathews' Court-House. I at once disembarked the regiment, formed a line on the beach, threw out a chain of sentinels to cover the battalion, and awaited orders.

