
dut, and in the morning the remaining companies of the regiment were sent off in different directions to search for and seize property. By this time the tendency of the expedition to demoralize the men of the regiment had grown so strong that I felt called upon to take extreme measures to arrest it. I accordingly ordered an inspection of the camp and collected all articles which the men had plundered from the citizens. The result was a motley collection of all kinds of fowl (dead and alive), fresh and cured meats, and a promiscuous heap of all of the smaller appliances of the culinary art, together with cloths, linens, ornaments of dress, and little objects of virtue. By this time some companies had returned to camp, and I immediately issued an order and published it to officers as fast as they could be found to prevent plundering by the men at all hazards, and to shoot on the spot any enlisted man who disobeyed an order to refrain from or cease plundering. Shortly after Lieutenant Holcombe, Company E, having occasion to order a man of his company to leave an inclosure where he was engaged in plundering and rejoin his company was disobeyed by the man, whereupon he ordered one of his men to shoot him. The order was promptly obeyed an din the best faith, the ball taking effect in the right shoulder of the man. The wound, however, has not proved fatal. This was a most fortunate occurrence, and went a great way toward restoring the discipline of the regiment.

At 4 p. m. we embarked on board of the transports Thomas A. Morgan and Champion, and reached Yorktown at 9 p. m. After arriving in camp it was discovered that Samuel Johnson, Company C, had, while we were at New Market, fallen into the hands of the enemy.

I cannot close this report without the remark that whatever the object of the expedition, it was a misfortune that it produced a very demoralizing effect on this command. It is to be regretted that it is one of the effects of such as expedition to destroy in a week that discipline which it is the work of months to establish.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. ROGERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant MARCELLUS BAILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 19, 1864. - Scout to Salem and Orleans, Va.

Report of Brigadier General David McM. Gregg, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Cavalry Corps.

WARRENTON, March 19, 1864.

Scouting parties sent to-day to Salem and Orleans. At Salem found a band of Mosby's; captured a lieutenant. At Orleans captured a sergeant of Gilmor's band. No information from the sergeant, save that Rosser's command had left the Valley. Command returned from Hartwood Church; Mrs. Monroe brought in as a prisoner, and her house burned. No rebels seen.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps.

