
MARCH 25-26, 1864. - Expedition to Bogue and Bear Inlets, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2. - Congratulatory orders from Major General John P. Peck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding expedition.

MOREHEAD CITY, March 26, 1864.

I have the honor to report my arrival at this place. Failed to accomplish the entire object of the expedition, in consequence of the non-reliability of guides and the fearful gale which prevailed. Captured about 20 contrabands and burned one schooner, which recently arrived from Bermuda; captured several horses, but were unable to take them away. In attempting to land at Swansborough were fired upon, and in consequence of low tide could not effect a landing without heavy loss; killed and wounded a number of the enemy. Three of my boats swamped in the breakers; men all saved except 1 man (colored). Will report in full on Monday.

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General PECK.

Numbers 2. Congratulatory orders from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 57. New Berne, N. C., April 8, 1864.

The commanding general has the satisfaction of announcing another expedition against the enemy, in which both the military and naval forces of North Carolina took part, sharing the honors equally.

On the 25th ultimo Colonel J. Jourdan, commander of the Sub-district of Beaufort, with 200 men of the One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers Infantry, embarked on board the U. S. gun-boat Britannia, Lieutenant House commanding, and steamed for Bogue and Bear Inlets, for the purpose of capturing two of the enemy's vessels engaged in contraband trade, and also a body of cavalry reported to be at Swansborough.

Nearing the inlets, a portion of the command was transferred to small boats, and an effort made to effect a landing and move on Swansborough. All night long in the breakers and storm these little boats, with their patient crews, were tossed about. Several crafts in the violence of the gale were dashed in pieces, but through the energetic exertions of Colonel Jourdan himself and others no lives were lost, although one officer, Captain David, of the One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteers, was seriously injured.

In the morning the storm abated, and another attempt was made.

17 R R - VOL XXXIII

