
As the boats moved up, instead of seeing the expected cavalry, they were saluted by heavy volleys of musketry from the river bank. The enemy proving too strong, the party was obliged to return to the vessel. At the same time Lieutenant King, of Colonel Jourdan's staff, with a body of men in boats, moved up Bear Inlet. He found and burned one of the vessels sought, together with its cargo of salt and leather. He returned to the gun-boat, bringing with him 43 negro refugees. The whole expedition arrived at Beaufort on the morning of the 26th ultimo, without the loss of a man.

Great credit is due Colonel Jourdan and the officers and men of his command, together with the officers and men of the Navy, for the efficient service performed. The commanding general tenders his thanks especially to Colonel Jourdan, Captain Cuff, and Lieutenant King, of the Army, and to Commodore Dove and Lieutenants House and Cony, of the Navy.

By command of Major General John J. Peck:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 26, 1864. - Skirmish near Black Jack Church, N. C.

Congratulatory order from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 49. New Berne, N. C., April 1, 1864.

The commanding general is again called upon to acknowledge the gallantry and efficiency of his troops.

On the 26th ultimo Brigadier-General Harland, commanding the Sub-district of the Pamlico, sent Captain G. W. Graham, commandant of the cavalry troops of the First North Carolina Union Volunteers, upon a reconnaissance toward Greenville. The movement was executed with the utmost rapidity and secrecy, and resulted in the complete surprise of the enemy's pickets and reserve at and near Black Jack Church, with a loss on the part of the enemy of 1 officer and 8 men killed and several wounded, besides prisoners, while our loss was but a few horses wounded. The whole affair was conducted with that dash so characteristic of the true cavalry soldier, and reflects great credit upon that arm of the service and upon the officers and men engaged.

By command of Major General John J. Peck:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 28, 1864. - Scout in Gloucester County, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Isaac J. Wistar, U. S. Army.

YORKTOWN, March 29, 1864.

A reconnaissance sent through Gloucester yesterday to ascertain the truth of alleged rebel designs to capture oyster schooners has

