
Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John N. Whitford, Sixty-seventh North Carolina Infantry.

APRIL 11, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a courier has just arrived, bringing the following dispatch from L. C. Harland, in charge of the secret expedition sent some days since to destroy the light-house on Cape Lookout:

SMITH'S CREEK, N. C.,

April 9, 1864.

Colonel J. N. WHITFORD:

DEAR SIR: We have destroyed both light-houses at Cape Lookout (on Sunday night), so that they never can be repaired again. We heard from Beaufort before leaving. They had 200 men in search of us. Two large steamers were on the hook of the cape to guard against Captain Semmes, as they have been expecting him to do the same work for the last two months. I have several trophies for you, and will proceed to camp to-morrow. The boys acted well, but cannot travel much, as their feet are badly bruised. We landed on this side of the river last night at 10 o'clock. The Yankees are expecting our armies to attack New Berne every day. No other news of importance.

L. C. HARLAND,

In Charge of Expedition.

All the men of the expedition were of my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. WHITFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain P. B. HOOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 5, 1864. - Affair near Blount's Creek, N. C.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1. - Abstract from Record of Events on return of Sub-district of the Pamlico, for April, 1864.

Numbers 2. - Congratulatory order from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Abstract from Record of Events on return of Sub-district of the Pamlico, for April, 1864.

April 5. - Captain Clay, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain Stanton, Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers, with a party of men from the garrison at Hill's Point, surprised and captured near Blount's Creek Lieutenant Taylor and 6 men of the Sixty-seventh North Carolina (Whitford's battalion).

Numbers 2. Congratulatory order from Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 55. New Berne, N. C., April 7, 1864.

The general commanding the Sub-district of the Pamlico reports that on the 2nd [5th] instant Captain Clay, of the Fifty-eighth Penn-

