
sylvania Volunteers, with a small party, had a collision with the enemy near Hill's Point, with a result very creditable to the Union arms. Lieutenant Taylor and 5 of Whitford's regiment were taken prisoners. Captain Stanton, of the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers, is favorably mentioned for his good conduct in this affair.

By command of Major General John J. Peck:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 8, 1864. - Skirmish at Winchester, Va.

Report of Major Hanson W. Hunter, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT WEST VIRGINIA CAVALRY,Martinsburg, Va., April 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have to report that, in obedience to instructions received from headquarters Cavalry Division, Department of West Virginia, on the 7th instant, I proceeded to the picket-line and collected 107 of the Sixth and Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, just relieved from picket duty, and 44 of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. I left Gerrardstown at 2. 30 p. m., and went via Pughtown, coming on the Romney pike, 9 miles west of Winchester; thence by Romney pike to the road leading out on Timber Ridge.

I went out on Timber Ridge 8 miles, to Shiloh Church, and learned from citizens that there were no rebels near there; that there were some (about two companies) around and about Capon Springs and Wardensville. Capon River was reported to be took high to be forded. I then started on my return by Romney pike; thence to Winchester. When within 4 miles of Winchester I learned that about 100 rebels had crossed the Romney pike about a mile west of Winchester, going in the direction of Martinsburg. I afterwards found that they had come round and were in town feeding. I charged into town as they were leaving, my advance following and skirmishing with them for a mile south of town. I found out there were more rebels out on the Strasburg road. I brought my command back through town, leaving the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Captain Crawford, to watch the movements of the rebels at the south end of town. In a half an hour I ordered Captain Crawford to retire and bring all the men out of town. He sent me notice that he thought they were endeavoring to flank us. When Captain Crawford's rear guard was about the center of town I discovered the rebels following him in strong force. I commenced to move my command out to take position; at the same time ordered Captain Crawford to hold the rebel advance in check, but the advance of the rebels was so rapid and spirited that his me could not check them, and his men were forced onto the main body of my command before I could form them. The rebels continued to follow close for about 3 miles. I succeeded in forming my men about 5 miles this side of Winchester, and remained there a short time. I had some apprehensions that they were again trying to flank us. I then fell back slowly. I brought my command into camp about 9 p. m. of the 8th instant.

The casualties are as follows: Seventh Regiment West Virginia

