
ever, escaped, and were followed a mile beyond the town, when the attack was abandoned and our men brought back to the north side of the town, when the commanding officer left them to enter a house, where he remained for some time, without having taken any precaution against surprise, except leaving the detachment of the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry as a rear guard. The enemy, availing himself of the carelessness and utter want of common sense displayed and threw it upon the main body, which, already in disorder, was quickly thrown into confusion, and 27 men were lost in the disgraceful and dastardly flight of 151 men before less than 100 rebels. The numbers of the enemy, it has been ascertained from various persons who counted them, were less than 100. The Union women who witnessed the affair wept for shame.

The brigadier-general commanding entertains the impression that the men who were sent out on the expedition would have done better without a commanding officer. It is very seldom that so fine an opportunity is offered to our troops to distinguish themselves, but instead of destruction this occasion furnished disgrace and disaster. The brigadier-general commanding firmly believes that the 27 men who were lost to the enemy, had they been properly led by a cool and intrepid officer, could have beaten the enemy. He can find no words to express his shame and mortification. The commanding officer seemed to forget the object of his expedition at the very moment he could have attained it, and then was incompetent to return without additional disgrace.

Major Hunter is hereby placed in arrest, and will be recommended for dishonorable dismissal from the service.

By command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, April 7, 1864.

Major H. W. HUNTER,

Sixth West Virginia Cavalry:

MAJOR: The general commanding desires you to take 150 men from those at the picket line and proceed up the Back Creek Valley, striking the Romney road at a point west of the junction with the road which runs down Capon Springs. You will endeavor to surprise and capture or disperse a body of the enemy said to the lying near Concord Church, on Timber Ridge.

Having accomplished this object you will return down the Romney pike to Winchester, and thence to this place. Any important information you may get will be sent in once by couriers.

You are at liberty to take 50 of your 150 men from the picket which went out this morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - You will return to-morrow.

By order:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

