
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

MARTINSBURG, April 10, 1864.

[Captain WILL RUMSEY:]

CAPTAIN: According to orders from General Averell, bearing date of April 8, instant, I left Martinsburg about 10 o'clock in the evening, moved leisurely in the direction of Winchester, arriving there about daylight. Sent my advance guards through the town briskly. Finding no enemy, I moved in the direction of Newtown. On the way to Newton I met a lady from Strasburg; she told me that a party of rebel soldiers, numbering from 90 to 100 men, were encamped one-half mile this side of Middletown; had come from Winchester, fetching with them 27 Federal prisoners. They left Middletown about 5. 30 o'clock the next morning. They left Middletown about the time I arrived in Winchester. After arriving at Newton found all the reports that I had previously heard to be true, and that the enemy so swollen that I could not cross without much trouble, so I returned to Winchester and fed my horses.

While in Winchester the Union people were rehearsing the skirmish that took place the day before. A respectable party fo Winchester told me that they heard the rebel commander say that he "did not intend to fight Major Hunter's command; only intended to annoy his rear. " Several ladies and gentlemen told me that when the enemy were driving Captain Crawford through the streets of Winchester that Major Hunter was talking with some ladies and his command was straggling and lying about - some mounted and dismounted men, as twenty responsible parties informed me; that the rebel party that attacked Major Hunter did not exceed 100 men. After feeding my horses I returned to Martinsburg, bringing back all men and horses that I started with.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. G. MARTINDALE,

Captain, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry.

APRIL 11, 1864. - Affair near Greenwich, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Captain James W. Long, Second U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain James W. Long, Second U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND INFANTRY, U. S. ARMY,Catlett's Station, Va., April 12, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders from regimental headquarters, I started last evening in command of a detachment composed of Companies C, H, and K, Second Infantry, U. S. Army, to search after Captain McKee, Second Infantry, who had been reported severely wounded by guerrillas. I first proceeded to Greenwich, 7 miles from camp, where I learned that a fight had occurred between Captain McKee,

