
Lieutenants Lacey, Byrne, and Butler, Second Infantry, and some guerrillas in ambush. Not learning anything of the whereabouts of these officers, I then proceeded with my command to the house of the reverend Mr. Balch. There I learned that the fight had taken place in the woods near the house, but could not learn positively the whereabouts of any of the officers missing. From there I went to Mr. Marsteller's, where I found the body of Captain McKee, who had been killed in the fray. The thieves who killed him had taken his boots, hat, and some papers, besides rifling his pockets of everything they contained. The family had seen two officers, whom I recognized from their description as Lieutenants Byrne and Butler, as prisoners, being run off in the direction of the mountains by their captors. Lieutenant Lacy, I understand, escaped.
After getting the body of Captain McKee, I returned home.

The place where Captain McKee was killed was in a country road, between the houses of Mr. Balch and Mr. Marsteller, the thick pines on each side of the road serving admirably for an ambush.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. LONG,

Captain Second Infantry, U. S. Army, Commanding Detachment.

[Captain J. S. CONRAD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

These officers absented themselves from camp in violation of orders.

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, April 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Attention directed to General Ayres' indorsement.

JOS. J. BATLETT,Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

If such lessons are necessary to convince officers of the necessity of obeying orders they can scarcely be regretted. From my experience with the people of Virginia in the region we have been so long in possession of I think them entitled to no consideration, and believe our interests imperatively demand a complete clearing out of all the residents for a space of 15 to 20 miles on each side of the railroad by compelling them to move to another location, all people who have taken the oath of allegiance being compensated for their losses.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General of Volunteers.

