
forced Lewis, when the two remaining officers surrendered. They are First Lieutenants Butler and Burns [Byrne], of the Second U. S. Infantry, evidently veterans promoted for meritorious conduct from the ranks. They have been brought safely through to my headquarters. This all took place within a short distance of the camp of a portion of the Fifth Corps.
The commanding general's attention is respectfully invited to these instances of the exhibition of extraordinary bravery and individual prowess. These officers were all armed and mounted; were veterans of the Regular Army - one says twenty years in the service.

Would it be improper to send this report to His Excellency the President?

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department, in connection with the report on the same subject transmitted yesterday.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

APRIL 28, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President, in compliance with a suggestion of General Stuart.

As a bold deed it may instruct and please.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

APRIL 12-14, 1864. - Expedition from Point Lookout, Md., to Westmoreland County, Va.

Report of Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, U. S. Army, commanding Saint Mary's District.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT MARY'S DISTRICT,Point Lookout, Md., April 15, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on Tuesday evening, the 12th instant, with 300 men of the Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel Draper, and 50 U. S. cavalry, under Lieutenant Mix, on board the steamer Long Branch, with three gun-boats of the Potomac Flotilla, under command of Captain Eastman, I proceeded from this district to the Virginia shore in search of contraband goods and to break up blockading establishments.

On Wednesday morning I effected a landing on the right bank of Lower Machodoc Creek, and sent a boat expedition in charge of Colonel Draper across the creek to scour the peninsula between it

