
and the Nomini River, to search for contraband goods, which resulted in seizing 177 boxes of superior Gravely tobacco, probably worth $40,000 U. S. currency.

Mr. Joseph H. Maddox, who claimed to own the tobacco, and to be an emissary of the Federal Government, was taken as a prisoner and brought to this point. Maddox has been arrested once before as a blockade-runner, and says he paid Roverdy Johnson $1,000 to get him clear, which statement is confirmed by a declaration previously made by his brother, who resides in this county.

Wednesday evening Captain Lawrence, assistant adjutant-general, with 150 men of the Thirty-sixth Infantry, and Lieutenant Mix's cavalry discovered the presence of a small body of the enemy's cavalry upon the right bank of the Machodoc, and immediately advanced to attack them, when they fell back to a hill about 6 miles from the place of our landing, to which they were pursued, and from which they fled upon the approach to our troops. Not deeming it profitable to pursue them, I let them go. A couple of buildings from which our troops were fired on by the enemy were burned.

The object of the expedition having been accomplished, on Thursday evening I returned to this point with the tobacco seized and about 50 contrabands, and without any loss of men of material.

I have directed Mr. Maddox to be sent to your headquarters, and the tobacco to be forwarded to Lieutenant-Colonel Biggs, department quartermaster.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. W. HINKS,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 13, 1864. - Affair near Nokesville, Va.

Report of Captain James F. Grimes, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. BATTALION SEVENTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,Camp near Nokesville, Va., April 14, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that the outpost of cavalry, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, thrown out some 500 yards in advance of this camp, was attacked by guerrillas at 6 p. m. last evening.

W. Flanders, a notorious guerrillas, was shot dead, but not before he had succeeded in wounding Private M. Locke, of the cavalry, in the left leg and left arm. Skirmishers were immediately thrown out from the camp and the woods scoured by them and a party of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania, under Major McCabe, but without securing the remainder of the guerrilla gang.

I would also respectfully state that the man Flanders was identified by the officers of this regiment as the man who on several occasions accompanied Dr. Edmunds into the camp of the Seventeenth Infantry, while at Catlett's Station.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GRIMES,

Captain Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant W. W. SWAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

