
paying no attention when commanded to halt, he was shot and dangerously wounded.

I would also respectfully report the return of the troops of my command ordered to report to Brigadier-General Graham.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe.

APRIL 13-15, 1864. - Expedition from Norfolk to Isle of Wight County, Va., and skirmishers near Cherry Grove Landing and at Smithfield.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Army, commanding Naval Brigade.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Andrew Ewell, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.

Numbers 4. - Oliver Keese, jr., One hundred and eighteenth New York Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Charles K. Graham, U. S. Army, commanding Naval Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS NAVAL BRIGADE,Norfolk, Va., April 16, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following as the result of an expedition to Isle of Wight County, under the instructions issued by you on the 12th instant:

At 7 p. m. on the 13th instant the transports Woodis, Tucker, Tracy, Thomas, and Pentz, convoyed by the army gun-boats Brewster, Jessup, Reno, a small boat fitted out temporarily called the Emman, and a detachment of 1 officer and 40 men belonging to the gun-boat Foster, with four launches, left this place at the same time and proceeded as far as the flag-ship Minnesota, off Newport News.

At my request Admiral Lee dispatched the naval gun-boat Delaware, piloted by Mr. Monroe, of the Jessup, with the launches and detachment from the gun-boat Foster, to the Nansemond, the launches to take the place of the pontoons, which I discovered late in the afternoon to have been neglected to be provided for the crossing of the detachment which had concentrated at Sleepy Hole for that purpose. The launches arrived at the point indicated at 12 midnight, and the crossing immediately commenced. It was daylight before it was accomplished.

At 12 midnight the gun-boat Brewster convoyed the transport Pentz, with the Twenty-third Massachusetts Volunteers on board, to Berwell's Bay and landed it there, the navy gun-boats remaining at that point to cover the detachment, and the gun-boat Brewster returning to the mouth of Pagan Creek, from which point, in connection with the gun-boat Jessup, she was to convoy the transports Tracy and Thomas, having on board the Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, to Smithfield. The Jessup having grounded, the Brewster and steamer Emma, with Lieutenant Bleadenhiser, of the Jessup,

