
third Massachusetts Volunteers, they having fallen back to the cover of the gun-boats (for the cause of such a movement you are respectfully referred to the report of Colonel Elwell, commanding that regiment), I immediately commenced re-embarking the expedition, which being accomplished, Captain Sampson, of my staff, was ordered on board the transport John Tucker, with orders to proceed with the transports to Portsmouth.

For the minor details of the forces that were not under my immediate supervision you are respectfully referred to the reports of the officers in command, which accompany this.

Owing to the want of transportation, but little property was brought off, though considerable had been collected. The following is a list of captures furnished by Captain Sampson, quartermaster of the expedition: Ten horses, 3 carriages, 1 1/4 boxes tobacco, 75 papers smoking tobacco, 17 pairs boots, one-half barrel sugar, 8 augers, 2 stock and dies, 2 sets harness, 1 skiff, 20 yards cotton cloth, 4 saddles.

The following is a list* of the casualties during the expedition. Prisoners captured: One signal officer, 5 privates, C. S. Army, also 1 piece of artillery (brass), and quantity of ammunition.

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER,

Chief of Staff to Major General B. F. Butler.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Andrew Elwell, Twenty-third Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,Near Portsmouth, Va., April 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, paragraph II, Numbers 14, headquarters Lee's brigade, I proceeded with 16 officers and 398 men of my regiment by rail to Portsmouth, Va., at 5 p. m. on the 13th instant, and then, in compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Graham, embarked on board the steamer John W. D. Pentz and sailed up the James River under convoy of the gun-boat Brewster. I landed with my command about 9 miles above Smithfield at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 14th instant. I immediately took a line of march toward the town. After marching about 3 miles came upon the enemy's pickets and drove them in. Continued on about 2 miles farther, where I came upon the enemy concealed behind earthworks. After a short skirmish with them, drove them out with a loss on our side of 2 men (Privates Osborn, Company G, and Symond, Company C) slightly wounded in the leg. I followed them on about half a mile, when they again made a stand on the farther side of a mill-pond at a place called Wren's Mills, and there being but a very narrow place to cross I engaged them for about one hour, when one company charged across, drove them from their position, and captured a signal officer of the C. S. service and 2 privates

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) reports 4 men wounded (1 mortally) and 1 missing of the Twenty-third Massachusetts, 1 wounded of the Ninth New Jersey, and 1 man accidentally drowned of the Thirteenth New York Artillery.

---------------

18 R R - VOL XXXIII

