
of the Seventh C. S. Cavalry. I had one sergeant dangerously wounded through the left shoulder at this place (Sergeant Porter, Company I).

The enemy's cavalry having begun to give some trouble in my rear, and having no means to carry my wounded along with me, and not knowing the strength or position of the enemy in front, I deemed it proper to fall back to the James River at a point called Fort Boykin. I found near this fort a signal station, where I captured a private of the Seventh, C. S. Cavalry; also a piece of artillery and a quantity of ammunition said to have been taken by the enemy from the U. S. gun-boat Barney Smith, near Smithfield. during my march to this point I had a corporal (Corporal Lord, Company I) seriously wounded in the right leg by the enemy's cavalry, who followed our rear guard very close. I sent my wounded men on board the gun-boat and turned over to Captain Fyffe, U. S. Navy, all prisoners captured, together with the piece of artillery and ammunition. I have missing 1 private (Thomas, Company F), who is probably wounded and a prisoner. He was sent with my quartermaster to the river to communicate with the gun-boats. I re-embarked at 8 p. m. and sailed down to Pagan Creek, where we came to anchor for the night to await the arrival of boats from Smithfield.

At 10 o'clock this a. m., in compliance with orders received from Brigadier-General Graham, I proceeded to Portsmouth with my command, from there by rail to my camp at this place, arriving at 3. 30 p. m.

It was impossible to find out the strength of the enemy or their loss in killed and wounded, but should judge from what I could learn from the prisoners taken that they had at least 100 men, and I have no doubt but what I did them much injury. My loss is, wounded, 4; missing, 1; total, 5. The enemy's loss, as far as I am able to tell, is 4 prisoners, one piece of artillery, and a quantity of ammunition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW ELWELL,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier-General GRAHAM,

Commanding Army Gun-boats.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Josiah Pickett, Twenty-fifth Massachusetts Infantry.
HDQRS. 25TH MASSACHUSETTS VET. VOL. INFANTRY,April 19, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 14, paragraph III, I left my camp on the 13th with 400 men and 19 officers, taking the cars for Portsmouth, and, arriving there at sunset, immediately embarked the right wing on board the steamer C. W. Thomas and the left on the John Tracy. At midnight I received my instructions, a copy of which I inclose. * In running up the river from Newport News our transports, with the convoy gun-boat Jessup, grounded; the Jessup finally remaining immovable we passed on, running ashore again at the mouth of Pagan Creek. The men on board the Thomas were then removed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

