
on board some launches; the steamer worked off, and, piloted by the gun-boat Stepping Stones, we proceeded up the creek, reaching Smithfield at 2 p. m.

In accordance with my instructions, I landed my regiment, and immediately pushed on the road indicated in my orders. When some 2 miles from town firing was heard from the gun-boats in our rear; leaving them to take care of the enemy there, I continued to advance. Reaching Scott's Mills, some 6 miles from Smithfield, I obtained information that the co-operating column had passed that point, taking another road for Smithfield. Under these circumstances I needed it useless to proceed farther, returned, and reported to General Graham, who directed me to bivouac my men outside the town and throw out my outposts, which I did, strongly picketing all the approaches during the night. At daybreak I was ordered to re-embark with my command, reaching Portsmouth at 2 p. m. and my own camp some two hours thereafter.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. PICKETT,

Colonel 25th Massachusetts Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant R. DALE BENSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Oliver Keese, jr., One hundred and eighteenth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 118TH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS,Bowers' Hill, Va., April 16, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to your instructions, I left my camp at Bowers' Hill, Va., on the 13th instant, at 3 p. m., and marched to Sleepy Hole Landing, on the Nansemond River, arriving there between 6 and 7 p. m., and then waited for the launches until 2 a. m. the 14th instant.

I got my command across the river by 4 a. m., landing at Holloway's Wharf. I immediately sent 100 men, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, down the river to Barrel Point, and started with the remainder of my command, 300 men, for Cherry Grove, arriving there at 7 a. m.

At the village of Chuckatuck I found and destroyed three boats. I found no other boats on the march. I captured at Chuckatuck and on the march to Cherry Grove 10 horses and 4 mules. After halting at Cherry Grove an hour, in obedience to your orders, I followed the line of march of the Ninth New Jersey to Benn's Church, arriving there at 11. 20 a. m. I remained there until 2. 30 p. m., when hearing artillery firing I moved on toward Smithfield, Va., arriving there at 5 p. m. I captured at Mrs. Norfleet's house, about 2 miles from Cherry Grove, a private in the signal corps. The scouts of the enemy showed themselves at different points along our line of march.

On the morning of the 15th, at daylight, 70 men, under command of Captain Parmenter, marched up the Smithfield Creek 2 miles; they found and destroyed 2 eight-oared launches, 4 skiffs, and 2 dug-outs. The horses and mules that I captured on the route were turned loose for want of transportation at Smithfield.

Lieutenant-Colonel Nichols, commanding the detachment that

