
marched to Barrel Point, on the Nansemond, reports that he found no boats on the line of his march, but saw 4 of the enemy's scouts about 5 miles down the river.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. KEESE, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding 118th Regiment New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant R. D. BENSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 15, 1864. - Affairs near Bristoe Station and Milford, Va.

Report of Colonel William McCandless, Second Pennsylvania Reserves, commanding division.
HDQRS. PA. RESERVES, THIRD DIV., FIFTH CORPS,Bristoe, April 18, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of to-day with reference to attacks on railroad guard, &amp;c. The only one I have failed to report was that of the 15th instant, when 3 mounted guerrillas passed along the north side of the railroad outside of the infantry picket above Manassas Junction, fired into and shot 2 men of the Tenth Regiment Infantry, who were attached to a squad sent out as guard with a wagon to obtain wood. The same squad of guerrillas crossed Broad Run near Milford and surprised the vedettes of the Thirteenth Cavalry, who were posted on the Greenwich road, about 1 1/2 miles from Bristoe. These vedettes (4 in number) behaved shamefully, abandoning one of their comrades, who was killed, and losing their horses. I have placed them in arrest and had charges preferred against them for misbehavior before the enemy.

Such cases as the above will continue to occur as long as this cavalry is on duty here, they being entirely unfitted for the service required. While the Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry were on duty here no guerrillas ventured near the railroad without being either killed or captured.

I am, very respectfully, yours, &c.,

WM. McCANDLESS,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 16, 1864. - Affair near Catlett's Station, Va.

Report of Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 20, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following affair (petite guerre), which occurred in the operations within the enemy's lines near Catlett's Station on the 16th instant:

Privates Channing M. Smith, Richard Lewis, and Love, of Com-

