
pany H, Fourth Virginia Cavalry, acting as scouts in Fauquier County, met and attacked a party of 5 of the enemy, killing 4, the other escaping. This affair reflects great credit on the valor and skill of the gallant scouts who executed it, and too much praise cannot be awarded them. Their operations serve to inspire confidence in our cause and keep our enemies in a state of constant and wholesome terror. The attention of the commanding general is called to these young men, who are continually giving evidence of their gallantry and daring by similar exploits.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, April 20, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the Department.

I have on several previous occasions called the attention of the Secretary of War to the gallantry of Channing M. Smith and other young scouts of this army.

R. E. LEE,General.

APRIL 17, 1864. - Skirmish at Beaver Creek, N. C.

Report of Colonel James W. Savage, Twelfth New York Cavalry.
HDQRS. TWELFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Camp Palmer, April 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of 22 men, under Actg. Captain John W. Horn and Lieutenant H. Watkins, left this camp on a reconnaissance at 12 o'clock on Saturday last. Captain Horn had general instructions to discover whether there was any force in Trenton and any considerable body of men on the Kinston road. At about 4 p. m. on Saturday, the 17th, he was attacked by a considerable force of cavalry and infantry, numbering in all about 500. The men seem to have fought with great bravery, and to have held their ground for some time until completely surrounded. All but 4 of the detached have returned, one of whom, Sergeant Benton, is known to have been wounded. I transmit the report* of Captain Horn to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. SAVAGE,

Colonel Twelfth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM L. WHEATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

