
a very valuable officer, is killed. She has passed Plymouth. My three posts (Plymouth, Washington, and New Berne) are well garrisoned with all the force I ought to spare them - provisions, men, rations, and arms. They ought to hold out, and I have every confidence they will. Perhaps this is intended as a diversion. Any instructions?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

(Company to General Grant.)

FORT MONROE, VA., April 21, 1864-12 p. m.

(Received 3 a. m., 22nd.)

Have received particulars from the surgeon of the Miami. Ram floated down the river in the night, passed the battery at Plymouth; first discovered immediately under the bows of the Miami, floating with the current. The Southfield and Miami were lashed together. Flosser went forward and sighted his bow gun, loaded with shell, 10-second fuse; the shell struck the iron-clad, rebounded, and killed Flusser instantly at the gun, one piece cutting his heart out. The ram then went into the Southfield, and she sunk in five minutes. The Miami cast loose, and being afraid she would run aground backed down the river firing at the ran, with what damage is not known. When Miami got into the Sound she came to anchor and sent the Whitehead up to see what had become of the iron-clad. The Ceres, gun-boat, took Flusser's body of Roanoke Island, and brought away the surgeon, with dispatches from Admiral Lee. In the mean time the enemy had invested Plymouth and were threatening an assault. Our last report from General Wessells, in command, was that he was holding out, and the enemy were engaged shelling the town. It is reported Plymouth is captured, but not credited. Ram is 125 feet long, draws 8 feet of water, has two independent propellers, and makes about 4 knots; has two guns, only 20-pounders. She will have done all the mischief she can do, probably, before our obstructions and your camels could be ready. Admiral Lee has sent down a gun-boat. I have sent three army gun-boats, under Graham, carrying 30-pounder Parrotts, light-draught and very swift, with orders to Graham to run her down. I think we will get a good account of her yet. Will send your telegram to Graham, with instructions to sink the obstructions if practicable. Surgeon thinks she had not power enough to go up the Roanoke against the current. So far as I can judge, after Flusser was killed no fight was made.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, Va., April 24, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose the reports of Generals Palmer and Peck* upon the capture of Plymouth. It will be seen

---------------

*Peck's report of April 22, 2 p. m., p. 286.

---------------

