
that Plymouth really fell because the theory of its defenses presupposed an occupation of the river by our gun-boats, which would cover our flanks. When the naval force was driven out by the rebel ram then her fire flanked our defenses instead of our fire enfilading the enemy. So far as I can learn, there was no fighting except artillery firing after the ram got possession of the river, Tuesday morning, up to Wednesday, 3 p. m., when the surrender was made. If the reports are correct, it has cost the enemy in men all it has gained. The commander of the naval forces had expressed the most unbounded confidence in his ability to hold the river, and on this I have no doubt General Wessells relied.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff of the Army.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Carolina.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 14, 1864.

GENERAL: General Harland reports no change in his front on the 12th instant. His letter has the following, which I extract:

John Wolfeden, who lives about 2 miles from Fort Jack, says that he was up toward Greenville last Sunday and saw Captain Myers, of Whitford's regiment. He says that Myers told him that the ram at Kinston was compelled, and that the only delay was in the construction of the small boats to take her over the shoals. He though everything would be ready in less than a week. I think his account of his conversation with Myers can be relied on.

Nothing can be done by the rebels while the weather continues as it has been for many days. They must have enough to do soon in other quarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 14, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

GENERAL: I wrote you briefly this day giving the information sent in by General Harland respecting the iron-clad in the Neuse. I now send a copy of a communication just received from General Wessells, commanding, of which he states he had sent a copy direct to your headquarters. From his letter it seems he expects an attack by land and water. He reports 10,000 to 12,000 at Hamilton, and asks for 5,000 fresh troops and the steamer Commodore Perry. The Perry is not here, but I will suggest to Commodore Davenport to send the Tacony temporarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding, &amp;c.

