
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,Plymouth, N. C., April 13, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Carolina:

CAPTAIN: Information from several disconnected sources has reached me within two days past that a large force of the enemy (stated at 10,000 to 12,000) has assembled near Hamilton, on this river, designing, in conjunction with an iron-clad boat, to make an attack on Plymouth this week; a demonstration to be made toward New Berne at the same time. The persons from whom this report is derived reside in Bertie and Hertford Counties; are all personally known to me, and I feel satisfied that they state what they believe to be true. They do not report from actual knowledge, but from statements made to them by others. Whether their informants are reliable or not, I am unable to judge. At all events, I do not feel disposed to neglect their warnings, and in view of their importance I request a temporary re-enforcement of 5,000 men. The presence of the gun-boat Commodore Perry, now I believe in James River, would, I think, put a stop to any further threats from the iron-clad above us on this river. It is proper to state further that information of a different character, derived from negroes and others, reaches me from this side of the Roanoke. Like that mentioned above, it is from hearsay, and denies that there is any formidable collection of troops in the locality above named. I am using every means in my power to arrive at the truth, but am compelled to depend upon such reports and through such channels as are accessible to my informants.

The condition of the river at this time is favorable to operations by water, being unusually high, while the condition of the creeks and swamps is not favorable for the movements of troops. I should regret making any report not justified by future events, but must depend upon the best information within my reach, and there is too much at stake to neglect any reasonable warnings. A copy of this letter is sent direct to department headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 18, 1864-7 p. m.

GENERAL: At 5. 30 p. m. I learned of a demonstration near our outposts this morning by General Corse with 2,200 and four pieces of artillery, under orders of General Pickett. The deserters say the force returned to Kinston or in that direction this day, and that General Pickett would attack Little Washington to-morrow morning. As Plymouth has been threatened, and Ransom and Garland are in the vicinity of Williamston, it is a matter of uncertainty where Pickett will strike. Under the circumstances, I have dispatches 600 infantry to Little Washington, and Commander Davenport will send the Tacony this evening. This will add materially to General Harland's strength and enable him to hold the enemy until more positive information reaches me. The enemy is doubtless ad-

