
vised of the withdrawal of troops from North Carolina. Wherever he goes he will get a good fight. Of course I shall advise you of everything of moment at the earliest moment.

In haste, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 19, 1864.

GENERAL: I had the honor to advise you last evening of the information which reached me from deserters respecting the movements of General Pickett on Little Washington, which has been confirmed by others getting in this day. In spite of the demonstration of General Corse and of a rumored move up the sounds from Swansborough, I dispatched all the aid that seemed proper, and the senior naval officer sent the Tacony.

At an early hour this morning I received a dispatch from General Wessells, who writes that he forwarded a duplicate direct to your headquarters, which are practically nearer than mine. Commander Davenport had a dispatch of a similar import from Commander Flusser, U. S. Navy. Neither General Palmer nor Commander Davenport thought i prudent to reduce the forces here in view of the situation and I fully concurred, but I have ordered the Farrow up with infantry for Plymouth, and doubt not you will send the aid that many be necessary for General Wessells to cope properly with the enemy. The force in North Carolina is very small indeed, there being only about 10,150 present for duty. The sick, I believe, is about 1,400.

The steamer is due this afternoon from Little Washington, and I hope to receive something reliable respecting the operations of the enemy. For a number of days scarcely a man has come into our lines with information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &c.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that my command in North Carolina having been threatened by the enemy with a general attack, I found it necessary to call upon a battalion of the Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel G. A. Scroggs commanding, which yesterday lay at Morehead City awaiting transportation to New Orleans. I had sent away a large number of the troops under Brigadier-General Palmer, comprising the garrison of this place, for the re-enforcement of Plymouth, then besieged, and of Washington, then threatened, and it became absolutely necessary to place all other available troops at

