
this point. With this object in view I telegraphed Colonel Ripley, Ninth Vermont Volunteers, commanding Sub-district of Beaufort, to send up the battalion of the Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops. Transportation was sent at the same time with the expectation the troops would be on their way by daylight. This morning Colonel Ripley communicated my orders to Colonel Scroggs, who, to my surprise, declined to obey; the major of the regiment also refuses to execute the orders. The senior captain of the battalion, however, expressed himself ready to obey orders.

I was immediately informed by telegraph of the state of affairs. I then telegraphed to Colonel Ripley, and explained at length the great necessity of having these troops here. I directed him to assure Colonel Scroggs that the delay would be short, probably not more than one or two, perhaps three days, and that at any event my orders would be his protection. Much to my regret, Colonel Scroggs and the major both refused to obey. I immediately ordered the arrest of both of these officers. The regiment shortly after arrived in command of the senior captain.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 20, 1864-12 m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a dispatch just received. I have just sent the steamer General Berry with Captain White, Ninety-ninth New York, bearing duplicate of this to you, and also a communication from Commander Davenport, U. S. Navy, to Rear-Admiral Lee, conveying similar information. I send this also for the reason that the Berry may not get through the canal, or even by Roanoke Island.

The enemy have appeared in force in front of Plymouth, and attacked the place. The ram has sunk the Southfield, disabled the Miami, and has passed below Plymouth. The sound is probably by this time in possession of the enemy, and Roanoke Island will undoubtedly soon be attacked, if it has not been already. Washington is also threatened. Firing has been heard in that direction all night and this morning. Unless we are immediately and strongly re-enforced, both by land and water, all of Eastern North Carolina is lost to us. Immediate action is imperatively necessary. Captain Flusser, of the Miami, is killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 20, 1864.

GENERAL: I have this morning received this very bad news from Plymouth, and inclose a copy of the dispatch for your information. There is no doubt but that Plymouth is lost by this time, and the

