
commanding Sub-district of Beaufort, had advised me of a contemplated movement upon Fort Macon, down the Banks, and that pontoons were being made with reference to this object. He further advises that it is currently believed in Onslow County that General Martin has been assigned the same duty as before, to wit, the attack upon Newport Barracks and the railroad.

The re-enforcements sent to General Wessells have since been ordered to occupy Roanoke Island. The chief engineer is also there to aid the commander in placing the island in the best state of defense. The chief engineer expresses the opinion that the iron-clad will have no difficulty in passing through the Croatan Sound, and his opinion is concurred in by the captains of our transports.

It is reported that the iron-clad has an average speed of 7 miles an hour, and in moderate weather can moved won the Albemarle Sound. It is also reported by persons who were on board of the Southfield during the engagement that the shots from the 100-pounder rifled Parrott gun, fired when the ram was less than 100 feet from the muzzle, rebounded from her sides, inflicting no apparent injury.

In conclusion, I must state that General Palmer, who is immediately responsible for the safety of New Berne and its appendages, is of the opinion that no more troops should be detached from his command. The senior naval officers does not think it his duty to detach any of the five at his disposal here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 22, 1864.

GENERAL: I have to invite your careful and early attention to my communication of the 21st, on the fall of Plymouth. I now send you a true copy of an extract from an extract furnished me and certified by Brigadier General I. N. Palmer, referred to in mine of yesterday.

Extract from a letter written by Lieutenant-Commander Flusser, U. S. Navy, to Commander Davenport on or about the 17th of April, 1864:

I think General Peck misinterpreted General Wessells' letter. We have had no scare here yet, and not even a small one for several days.

Please consider this a part of the communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, &c.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 22, 1864-2 p. m.

GENERAL: Refuges who have left Plymouth since its fall report that it is the intention of the enemy to move on New Berne immedi-

