
General Wessells wrote that he did not apprehend any attack, and did not think there was a large force in his front. He expressed the opinion that there was doubt as to the iron-clad making its appearance, and believed show was at Hamilton undergoing repairs or modifications.

He wrote on the 16th, viz:

I have the honor to report that the gun-boat Tacony arrived here to-day, but as her presence at this time does not seem to be necessary I have so informed her commander, and he proposes to return to New Berne to-morrow. I cannot learn that there is any considerable force of the enemy on the river now, though such is the report from various sources. I very much doubt if there is any design of bringing the thing (iron-clad) down. Still there may be, as they say, when the Neuse ram is ready. I am desirous of seeing more troops in this State, &amp;c.

Commander Flusser also wrote to Commander Davenport, senior naval officer, viz:

I think General Peck misinterpreted General Wessells' letter. We have had no scare here yet, and not even a small one for several days.

These able commanders had so much confidence in their ability to hold their position against anything the enemy could bring against them that they sent back the re-enforcements sent them. This action placed me entirely at rest respecting affairs at Plymouth.

On Monday (18th) afternoon, about 5. 30 o'clock, I received advices by deserters that General Corse was in front of the outposts at Batchelder's Creek with a large force of all arms, and that General Pickett would attack Little Washington on Tuesday. This information, taken in connection with that from General Wessells of the 16th instant, respecting the disappearance or dimunition of the force in his front, led the authorities here to believe that Little Washington would be attacked immediately. Two steamers loaded with troops, together with the gun-boat Tacony, were at once dispatched to Little Washington.

At an early hour on Tuesday morning, the 19th instant, dispatches were received from General Wessells and Commander Flusser, announcing an attack by a rebel land force on the afternoon of the 17th instant. This was the first information received from General Wessells subsequent to the 16th instant, when the Tacony was sent back as above stated. The latest information, received through a contraband, the servant of Captain Stewart, assistant adjutant-general, General Wessells' staff, is to the effect that early on Tuesday morning the iron-clad had complete control of the Roanoke River, and in conjunction with the floating iron battery, the Cotton Plant, was attacking the town int he rear, while the land forces were engaging our troops in front. From this statement it will be seen that the enemy had complete control of the Roanoke River within a very few hours of the time I received General Wessells' dispatch fo sunday night, the 17th. On the reception of these dispatches, which were very favorable, steamers were dispatched with such available infantry as General Palmer could spare, together with supplies of ammunition for the army and navy at Plymouth. These steamers were detained in the Albemarle Sound by the gun-boats then lying in Edenton Bay, which had escaped from the iron-clad at Plymouth. In my judgment the non-arrival of the infantry at Plymouth is most fortunate, as they, together with the steamers, would beyond a doubt have fallen into the hands of the enemy.

A steamer with dispatches was promptly sent to General Harland,

