
Numbers 3. - Colonel James A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 4. - Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 5. - Colonel Joseph Thoburn, First West Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 6. - Colonel Joseph Snider, Fourth West Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 7. - Lieutenant Colonel Francis W. Thompson, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 8. - General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 9. - Major General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding Valley District.

Numbers 10. - Brigadier General Thomas L. Rosser, C. S. Army, commanding expedition

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 2, 1864. - 7 p. m.

(Received 12 midnight.)

At 1 p. m. to-day about 500 of Rosser's brigade made an attack on the forces guarding the bridges across Patterson's Creek and North Branch of Potomac. Several of our men were wounded, 1 killed, balance either captured or dispersed. Both bridges were fired. Re-enforcements were promptly sent forward, and arrived in time to drive the enemy away and save the Patterson's Creek bridge. About 1 mile of the telegraph line destroyed. It will be repaired to-morrow, and in three days the bridges will be repaired and the road in working order. Mulligan still driving the enemy back from New Creek. If Sullivan's cavalry arrives at Romney to-night I hope to cut Rosser off.

B. F. KELLEY.

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 5, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 10. 45 p. m.)

Colonel Mulligan reports that he drove Early's forces through Moorefield up the South Fork till darkness put a stop to the pursuit. I have yet no particulars of the affair. Early is making a rapid retreat into the Shenandoah Valley.

B. F. KELLEY.

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations in this department from the 27th of January, 1864, until the 7th of February, during which time our troops were engaged in

