
as yours settles the matter, in my judgment. His spy has just come in from Halifax. He came from Wilmington, and 25,000 pounds of iron was on the same train for this identical gun-boat.

The general writes that other parties from near Garysburg, who have not seen the boat, confirm the reports of the shipment of iron. He adds the following: "In view of the possibility of such a monster coming down, it would be well, I think, to procure the hulks, if practicable, and cause them to be sunk in suitable places. "

Every day and hour brings testimony bearing upon the plan of the Confederate authorities for driving us out of the "Old North State. " It has been substantially can get down. Mr. hall visited the ram on Monday this week, and confirms all that has been reported. Her machinery is all in, and she is about ready. Mr. Hall is about fifty-five years of age, of intelligence and extensive acquaintance, and has come back with his family.

February 29, I wrote, viz:

He is now removing the blockade and obstructions, some 6 miles below Kinston, for the purpose of bringing the ram and boat flotilla to this city. The ram in the Roanoke is expected to be in condition to co-operate; the one at Kinston is virtually completed, and on the first flood will come down. They are so confident of success in the Neuse that General Pickett will not delay for the one at Halifax.

March 7, I wrote, viz:

Colonel McChesney on the 5th states that all the contrabands agree that there is a large force at Kinston, and also at Greenville, and that the obstructions below Kinston are being removed.

March 12, I wrote, viz:

He states that some 400 men were put to work on the gun-boat by Pickett on his return, with instructions to complete her as soon as possible, and before the 14th, the anniversary of the fall of New Berne. The boat is virtually done, and two additional guns for her arrived last Tuesday, making four in all. He was at the blockade, and it has been all removed and the channel staked out. He thinks they have great faith in the ram, and fully intend an attack when there is a freshet.

I had hoped a sufficient force might be sent here to enable me to take the offensive and give the State a chance to break away from the rotten Confederacy, when the people would rally around the army of deliverance and the Union. This hope is long deferred I fear.

March 18, I wrote, viz:

A few weeks since I advised you of the return of a man sent out by General Wessells to procure information concerning the ram at Halifax. He was on a train that carried some 25,000 pounds of iron from Wilmington to Halifax. Yesterday several refugees came in from Wilmington. One of them had been in the Colraine foundry at Wilmington since the commencement of the war. He is from Indiana. He says several shipments of iron have been made to Halifax and Kinston for the gun-boats, and confirms the report made to General Wessells. Some of the iron has been made near Atlanta, where the Confederates have extensive works.

March 29, I wrote, viz:

My spy came in from Kinston last evening, having been out seven days. He says the two iron-clads are to act in conjunction, and when the enemy is ready we will be attacked. The water has risen in the river and the iron-clad is afloat at Kinston.

April 14, I wrote, viz:

General Harland reports no change in his front on the 12th instant. His letter has the following, which I extract:

"John Wolfenden, who lives about 2 miles from Fort Jack, says that he was up toward Greenville last Sunday and saw captain Myers, of Whitford's regiment. he says that Myers told him that the ram at Kinston was completed, and that the only delay was int he construction of the small boats to take her over the shoals. He though everything would be ready in less than a week. I think his account of his conversation with Myers can be relied on. "

