
SYRACUSE, N. Y., May 23, 1864.

There is much in this report* that the honorable Secretary of War should see, and as I am no longer in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina, I hasten to transmit the same, with the request that General Butler be furnished a copy.

On the 4th instant Colonel F. Beach, U. S. Army, second in command at Plymouth, reported to me in person that Major-General Hoke informed General Wessells and himself that the works I had constructed since Pickett's demonstration on New Berne in February saved that place from attack at that time. The works referred to are those pronounced unnecessary by General Butler. In my correspondence the belief is uniformly expressed that the Confederates would attempt to drive us from Eastern North Carolina.

In February Pickett attacked Batchelder's Creek, Croatan, Havelock, Newport, and other places, threatening New Berne. Other plans were interfered with or delayed. The loss of Plymouth and Little Washington was promptly followed by a campaign for New Berne. The following letter is pertinent, and verifies my predictions:

MAY 3, 1864.

General WALKER:

GENERAL: I have just learned from Captain Cooke, commanding the iron-clad Albemarle, who writes that he feels satisfied that the boat can stand the sound, and will be with us. I will move at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, and will communicate with you at Pollocksville, on the river bank, as soon as I reach that point. I desire you to move at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning and proceed to Pollocksville, and while your column is resting there you will construct a bridge over Mill Creek. You will have 2 miles less to march than my column in going to Pollocksville.

Respectfully, yours,

R. F. HOKE,

Major-General.

Hoke's forces, estimated at 12,000, left the vicinity of New Berne on the 6th for Richmond, and New Berne is still ours.

Major-General Butler did not believe any demonstrations would be made upon my command at any time, and adhered to this theory up to my withdrawal, as will be seen from the following extract:
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, &amp;C.,Fortress Monroe, May 3, 1864.

Major-General PECK:

GENERAL: Your note of the 24th of April reached my hand to-day, and I hasten to reply. Your being relieved from New Berne by me in no manner implies any censure upon your action or disapproval of your administration, and was determined upon many days before the order was actually sent, and before it was known or believed that there would be any demonstration upon your command by the enemy. That order was delayed by the necessities of the service in other movements of the department, which are solely subjects of explanation.

With sentiments of respect and esteem, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

---------------

*Preceding.

---------------

