
ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 66. New Berne, N. C., April 21, 1864.

With feelings of the deepest sorrow the commanding general announces the fall of Plymouth, N. C., and the capture of the gallant commander, Brigadier General H. W. Wessells, and his command. This result, however, did not obtain until after the most gallant and determined resistance had been made. Five times the enemy stormed the lines of the general, and as many times were they handsomely repulsed with great slaughter, and but for the powerful assistance of the rebel iron-clad ram and the floating iron sharpshooter battery, the Cotton Plant, Plymouth would still have been in our hands.

For their noble defense the gallant General Wessells and his brave band deserve the warmest thanks of the whole country, while all will sympathize with them in their misfortune.

To the officers and men of the navy the commanding general tenders his flanks for their hearty co-operation with the army and the bravery, determination, and coolness that marked their part of the unequal contest.

With sorrow he records the death of the noble sailor and gallant patriot, Lieutenant Commander C. W. Flusser, U. S. Navy, who in the heat of battle fell dead on the deck of his ship, with the lanyard of his gun in his hand.

The commanding general believes that these misfortunes will tend not to discourage but to nerve the Army of North Carolina to equal deeds of bravery and gallantry hereafter.

Until further orders, the headquarters of the Sub-district of the Albemarle will be at Roanoke Island.

The command devolves upon Colonel D. W. Wardrop, of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteer Infantry.

By command of Major General John J. Peck:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier General Henry W. Wessells, U. S. Army, commanding Sub-district of the Albemarle.

SUB-DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,

Plymouth, N. C., April 17, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to inform you that I am attacked by a heavy force of the enemy. Citizens from above state that there are five brigades. I am obliged to send before his plans are fully developed, in order to meet the boat at the canal to-morrow. My line of pickets were forced back at 4 p. m. to-day; an officer and 1 man killed, and 5 or 6 taken prisoners. Citizens also report that the iron-clad is as low down as Williamston, but as yet she has not shown herself. A battery of four or six guns has been planted above Fort Gray, and until dark kept up a vigorous fire. The flag-staff was shot away.

