
17th sharp skirmishing was kept up on the Washington road, extending across the fields nearly to the Acre road, but without any important result, and the night was passed in comparative quiet. The enemy was too strong to attempt a sortie with any hope of success.

On the following morning at daylight a severe cannonade was opened against Fort Gray, resulting in some fatal casualties, but the garrison remained firm, replying vigorously to the enemy's fire. The 200-pounder in Battery Worth was also brought to bear in that direction, but without any decided effect. The armed transport Bombshell, in communicating with Fort Gray, received several shots below here water-line, being barely able to return to town, when she sank at the wharf. The transport Massasoit made two trips to Roanoke Island, carrying away a large number of women and children, contrabands, and other non-combatants. The gun-boat Ceres, being above Fort Gray at the time of this investment, passed down the river under a destructive fire and rejoined the squadron, with a loss of 9 men killed and wounded. During the whole of this day incessant skirmishing was maintained along and between the main approaches in front of the town, at a distance of 1,200 yards from the line of defense, but soon after sunset the enemy advanced his batteries, supported by an overwhelming force, and appearances indicated a general attack. Our line of skirmishers fell back firing and in good order, and the enemy under cover of darkness opened a furious cannonade upon the town in every direction. This fire was replied to by Captain Sampson from Fort Williams with great coolness and precision, inflicting heavy damage and loss upon the enemy. Finding our front to well prepared for an assault, the attack was discontinued at about 8 o'clock, and the attention of the enemy directed toward Eighty-fifth Redoubt. This work, after a desperate resistance, was surrendered, and, as I have understood, under a threat of no quarter. Its gallant commander, Captain Chapin, Eighty-fifth New York Volunteers, fell nobly at his post, and Colonel Mercer, commanding the attacking column, was killed. No report has been received in regard to this transaction, and I am therefore unable to detail the circumstances attending either the attack or surrender. A demand was then made for the surrender of the town, which was declined.

On the following morning, April 19, at 3 a. m., the enemy again opened upon Fort Gray, and soon after, under cover of night and shadow of the trees on the opposite bank, the iron-plated ram Albemarle passed down unnoticed and without injury from the 200-pounder in Battery Worth. She was immediately engaged by the Miami and Southfield. I have no particulars in regard to this conflict, but the Southfield was sunk by the collision, and Lieutenant-Commander Flusser fell on his own quarter-deck with a lanyard in his hand. In the detach of this accomplished sailor the Navy has lost one of its brightest ornaments, and he will be long remembered by those who knew and loved him for his intellectual worth, his social qualities, and manly bearing.

The wooden gun-boats, being unable to contend with an antagonist so securely mailed, moved down the river, leaving it in full possession of the enemy. He was now on every side of the town, and this unlooked-for disaster created among the troops a moral effect of the most discouraging character. Hitherto every hardship and exposure had been met with cheerfulness and confidence. A series of

