
Numbers 6. Abstract from Record of Events from on return of the District of North Carolina for April, 1864.

April 17. - The enemy, with force estimated from 10,000 to 15,000, under command of Major-General Hoke, advanced on Plymouth, in the Sub-district of the Albermarle, drove in our outposts and pickets, opened a heavy artillery fire on Fort Gray, and made two desperate assaults upon it with infantry and were handsomely repulsed each time.

April 18. - The enemy attacked Forts Gray and Williams with a much stronger force and were again completely whipped. The U. S. gun-boat Bombshell was sunk by a shell from a rebel battery.

April 19. - The iron-clad ram Albermarle came down the Roanoke River, attacked the U. S. Navy flotilla, ran into the gun-boat Southfield and sunk her, and driven the other vessels out of the river into the sound. The enemy's forces then surrounded the town and made a general assault upon all the forts, the rebel ram co-operating. Our troops being barred from any aid from the navy, and the enemy having the assistance of the powerful ram, he succeeded in capturing Fort Wessels. At all other points he was repulsed with great loss.

April 20. - The enemy again attacked Forts Gray and Williams and was partially successful, capturing Fort Gray, but was driven back in great disorder from Fort Williams. Having gained one of our flanks, resting on the river, he succeeded in getting into the town under the protection of his ram and the captured fortifications, and soon had entire possession of the place, capturing all the Government stores in it. Fort Williams was then shelled from every direction, and riflemen were placed in the houses to annoy our cannoneers, but not until after a most valiant resistance of more than two hours against the whole rebel force did the brave garrison surrender. This gave the enemy full possession of the defenses of Plymouth. Re-enforcements arrived at the mouth of the Roanoke River for Plymouth, but being informed there by navy officers that the enemy had possession of the town and that the ram had control of the river, they returned to New Berne. Upon their arrival there they were immediately dispatched to Roanoke Island, and orders were given for re-established of the headquarters of the sub-district at that place.

Numbers 7. Resolution of thanks by Confederate Congress.

[Numbers 3.]- JOINT RESOLUTION on thanks to Major-General Hoke and Commander Cooke, and the officers and men under their command, for the brilliant victory over the enemy at Plymouth, N. C.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress and the country are due and are tendered to Major General Robert F. Hoke and Commander James W. Cooke, and the officers and men under their command, for the brilliant victory over the enemy at Plymouth, N. C.

Approved May 17, 1864.

20 R R - VOL XXXIII

