
APRIL 19, 1864. - Affair at Leesburg, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Vienna, Va., April 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report my return to camp. The only rebels in Loundon County are Mosby's four companies, perhaps two companies of the Bedford Cavalry, and incomplete company organizing in Leesburg, and about 40 attached men of White's, and the Sixth and Eleventh Virginia Cavalry.

When the Potomac rose Mosby thought it would be a good time to remove from around Leesburg and Point of Rocks corn which farmers there had been intending to send across the river. He pressed quite a number of teams, sent Company C to Waterford to superintended the business, and has taken away perhaps 250 barrels of corn in the ear; not more, as the farmers are loath to work, and ship off on every opportunity. Meanwhile, he had carefully spread the report below Goose Creek that there was a large force in Loundon County and several hundred men at least on Leesburg. The only force that has been near Leesburg is his own Company C, and part of a new company raising there, together less than 100 men. He is not sending the corn to Upperville, but to points about the country, some of which we learned. At each of these he has left one or two wagon-loads, whether for his own future use or as a sort of recompense to friends whom he had already eaten out does not appear. While the river is so high, without leaving a force permanently there we cannot prevent this. There is very little corn left to move, however. We reached Leesburg Monday evening and returned to Goose Creek Tuesday noon, bringing 11 prisoners and leaving 1 mortally wounded at a farm-house. That night I expected to send a party to Rectortown or Upperville, to return by Hopewell Gap, but we learned that Mosby in person had been reconnoitering our force, and had gone through Aldie that evening, leaving messages of regard for us with the Union families there. It seemed useless, therefore, to attempt any surprise, so I sent 75 dismounted men to Leesburg to try to take part in a wedding party which was to come off there. They reached the place half an hour too late, but met some of the party on the streets and there was a little smart firing. We lost 1 man killed and 3 wounded, not seriously. Do not know that we did any damage at all. The captain in charge believes his own party, firing without orders in the rear, did at least half the mischief. You will hear from Colonel Grimshaw how he was received when he reached Goose Creek on Monday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tyler's Division.

