
APRIL 19, 1864. - Affair at Marling's Bottom, W. Va.

Report of Colonel William L. Jackson, Nineteenth Virginia Cavalry.

JACKSON'S RIVER, April 20, 1864.

(Received at Christiansburg, 21st.)

Captain J. W. Marshall, of my command, with his company on yesterday attacked the enemy - 125 infantry, 90 cavalry - at Marling's Bottom, Pocahontas County, routed them, and is in pursuit toward Beverly.

WM. L. JACKSON,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Major CHARLES S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRil 21, 1864. - Destruction of Salt-Works at Masonborough Inlet, N. C.

Report of Major General William H. C. Whiting, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, N. C., April 22, 1864.

GENERAL: Nine barges of the enemy, piloted by a renegade, landed last night at Masonborough, at the State salt-works, which they destroyed. They carried off a number of constricts or employes. I do not much regret the matter, as the State salt-works have always been a nest of traitors, and more than suspected of holding intercourse with the enemy, but I have no doubt at all that the attempt was made in consequence of information transmitted to the enemy of the withdrawal of my movable force.

On the 12th instant I had directed General Martin to occupy the belt of sounds opposite Masonsborough Inlet, but the recent movement of troops prevented it. It has always been my custom to guard these points strongly, as of very great importance to the security of the command. The enemy carried off a number of willing prisoners. They are capable of giving much information. You will see by the inclosed copy of a letter* to the Governor my opinion of the works and the people engaged on them. The whole affair strongly illustrates the necessity of keeping here at least a brigade at all times. The men carried off were in the habit of daily visiting the city to haul and dispose of salt, are fully aware of the late movements and of every exposed condition, and will no doubt give all the information they have to the enemy.

If you operations will not permit you to leave a brigade with me, I beg you will present this to the Department, which has been fully advised of the circumstances of this command. I have not at present sufficient force to perform the heavy garrison duties of the city.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Weldon, N. C.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

