
APRIL 23, 1864. - Affair near Hunter's Mills, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Vienna, Va., April 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report all quiet in this vicinity. The pickets near Hunter's Mills were attacked about 4 a. m. to-day by a dismounted party, with a loss of 9 horses and 3 men captured and 1 man wounded. No resistance was made by the pickets, only three shots being fired. A party started out about reveille this morning, as soon as the news of the attack reached camp, and after finding the trail started after the party in rapid pursuit, came in sight of them about 10 miles of Aldie, and chased them up the pike through the town, the rebels scattering in all directions.

Lieutenant W. H. Hunter, of Company A, Mosby's battalion, was taken prisoners during the chase and brought to this camp. Two horses were retaken and one shot. One man was wounded slightly. The party consisted of 50 men, under the command of Mosby himself. They came down to the vicinity of the picket and crossed the creek mounted, where a portion of them dismounted and advanced on foot to the attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Cav. Brigadier

Captain W. A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 24, 1864. - Skirmish near Middletown, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Major Fielding H. Calmese, Twenty-third Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SEPARATE BRIGADE,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., April 25, 1864.

Colonel Taylor reports that the count of 100 men sent out to ascertain the strength of the enemy at Front Royal met a force of 250 rebels near Middletown, and were driven back as far as Winchester, with loss of 1 officer and 8 or 10 men. A force of infantry, cavalry, and mounted infantry have been sent out by Colonel to intercept the rebels and ascertain their intentions.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

