
Numbers 2. Report of Major Fielding H. Calmese, Twenty-third Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOST, April 25, 1864.

I have been to Clarke County. Delivered the letter you sen me from General Lee. The Yankees scouted up to Berryville and Summit Point every day in squads of 50 and 75. As I came up yesterday I met Captain Davis in pursuit of the enemy that came as far as Cedar Creek, numbering 100. He charged them at Middletown and pursued them as far as Winchester, capturing the officer in command (Captain Purtrace [?]) and 16 privates, belonging to First New York, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, and Twenty-first New York Regiments. Their force at Martinsburg is small.

F. H. CALMESE,Major, Commanding.

General IMBODEN.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS VALLEY DISTRICT,April 25, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded for information of General Lee.

Captain Davis is on outpost duty and seems to have given this Yankee scout a good lesson. Lieutenant Blue was dangerously, perhaps mortally, wounded last Thursday night in an attempt to surprise a Yankee camp at Springfield, in Hampshire. No other casualty on our side. The attack was unsuccessful. Blue's party was strong; enemy about 300. Blue attacked at 6 o'clock at night, hoping to stampede the horses. He was brought off the field 4 miles and left at a house. Averell has not returned, but is west of the Alleghanies, Our danger now lies in the direction of Beverly and Kanawha. I have notified General Breckinridge, and to-day have ordered the Sixty-second Regiment from Franklin to McDowell, and will collect my other about Woodstock, to be in readiness to move in either direction. The enemy has been scouting about Sperryville during the last week.

J. D. IMBODEN,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 26-30, 1864. - Evacuation of Washington, N. C.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Carolina.

Numbers 2. - Abstract from Record of Events on return of the Sub-district of the Pamlico for April, 1864.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Innis N. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., May 31, 1864.

GENERAL: My order, Numbers 5, current series, concerning the outrages committed at Little Washington has been severely commented upon in high places; not by my military superiors, but by Senators of the United States and others. I am so informed, at least. I in-

