
which only failed on account of the bad toad, causing him to be half an hour late. I returned to camp 12. 30 this morning.

Casualties: Corporal Feiling, Troop B, wounded in shoulder by shell (slightly).

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. ONDERDONK,

Colonel, Commanding Mounted Rifles.

Colonel Robert M. West,

Commanding Post.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,April 29, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I further learn from deserters and prisoners (of which latter 4 were captured and sent down this morning) that there is a regiment of infantry (Fifty-third Virginia) at White House; and accession of cavalry near Charles City Court-House; twenty pieces light artillery, both of brass and iron, at Bottom's Bridge, &amp;c. ; also that a wagon-load of torpedoes came down from Richmond four days since, in charge of Hume's Peninsula Scouts, for use on the Peninsula road. They are not self-acting, but are discharged by cords attached, and managed by men concealed in the woods. The commanding general can infer from the above and the inclosed how far the enemy are expecting our advance by the Peninsula.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

APRIL 28, 1864. - Reconnaissance to Madison Court-House, Va.

Report of Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, commanding brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,April 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of orders from Brigadier-General Torbert, commanding First Cavalry Division, I left camp with my brigade at 5. 30 a. m. this day, and marched to James City. At that point I halted and detached one squadron Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with orders to escort signal officer to the summit of Thoroughfare Mountain. I marched thence to Robertson River, where I found the ford picketed by about 30 rebel cavalry. I ordered the advance of Sixth New York Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Crocker commanding, to charge and carry the ford, which wa gallantly done, Lieutenant Cating, of brigade staff, leading the charge and the regiment following. The enemy fired some thirty shots, but fortunately injured no one. The Sixth New York Cavalry was then ordered to drive the rebel pickets through Madison Court-House, and ascertain the presence of any rebel force in that vicinity or at Wolftown. The other two regiments were held in reserve on this side of the river.

It was definitely ascertained that no infantry has been stationed at Wolftown; that William H. F. Lee's old brigade (now under a Colonel Chambliss) of cavalry is encamped near the fork of Robertson and Rapidan Rivers, and is picketing Robertson River, having on the 26th instant relieved Wickham's brigade, which was

