
ordered to Fredericksburg, and that not over 20 rebel cavalry had lately occupied Madison Court-House. A small force of infantry is said to be between Jack's Shop and Liberty Mills, at which former point an enrolling officer is located.

I order the post-office at Madison Court-House to be forced, and the mail seized, but found nothing of importance except some late newspapers. The command remained two hours at Madison Court-House, returning to camp at 5 p. m., after stopping one and one-half hours at James City to feed and cook. Two prisoners of Tenth Virginia Cavalry (Fitzhugh Lee's brigade) were captured, together with their arms, horses, and equipments. Three conscripts, en route to the enrolling officer, were also captured. One citizen, charged with being found doing picket duty, armed, &amp;c., was also brought in. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain C. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 28-MAY 1, 1864. - Scout from Vienna toward Upperville, Va.

Report of Colonel Charles R. Lowell, jr., Second Massachusetts Cavalry commanding brigade.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., May 3, 1864.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. of the Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to inclose the report of Colonel Lowell, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, commanding cavalry brigade at Vienna, of his recent expedition to the vicinity of Upperville.

This is the third successful operation of Colonel Lowell within the last month, embracing in all a capture of about 50 of Mosby's men, between 30 and 40 horses and equipments, and a good deal of other property. I desire to commenced in strong terms the zeal and ability displayed by Colonel Lowell in these various expeditions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Vienna, Va., May 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report return of the cavalry scout sent out on Thursday after visiting Leesburg, Upperville, Paris, Bloomfield, Union, and Rectortown. No force but Mosby was found there. We searched most of the houses designated by Genera; Augur, and have brought in quite a number of arms and contraband goods; also 21 of Mosby's men and 2 blockade-runners (besides 1 of Mosby's men and 1 blockade-runner turned over by Colonel McMahon), and from 20 to 25 horses. A report in full from the provost-marshal will be forwarded to-morrow. We brought off a portion of the wool indicated in the letter to General Augur, and supplied the command

---------------

* Names of prisoners omitted.

---------------

