
pretty well with tobacco. It was impossible to get teams to haul the remainder of the wool. The houses where the bulk of the tobacco must have bee stored we did not visit, as the direction of some was given erroneously in the letter, and a good delay of time thus lost. Those below Salem must be left for another visit.

We lost 1 sergeant killed, 1 prisoner, and 2 wounded of Second Massachusetts Cavalry, 2 privates killed and 3 prisoners Sixteenth New York Cavalry; 1 of the killed and all of these prisoners were straggling away from the command improperly. We killed 1 of Mosby's battalion and 1 of Sixth Virginia Cavalry, serving with Mosby; wounded 2, besides 2 wounded brought in.

All has been quiet in this vicinity during the last twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. R. LOWELL, JR.,

Colonel Second Mass. Cav., Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Captain W. A. LA MOTTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tyler's Division.

The body mentioned as buried in Upperville was dug up and brought here, and is subject to your orders.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TYLER'S DIVISION,Fairfax Court-House, May 2, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

I have the honor to commenced to the favorable attention of the commanding general the activity and excellent conduct by Colonel Lowell and his command in the late scout. Colonel McMahon, who commanded the infantry, also deserves much credit.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

APRIL 29-30, 1864. - expedition from Newport Barracks to Swansborough, N. C.

Report of Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Infantry.

NEWPORT BARRACKS, April 30, 1864.

A small expedition under Captain Kelley, of the Ninth Vermont, left Newport last evening for the purpose of capturing rebel troops at Swansborough and destroying a large quantity of fish ready for shipmen to Kinston. Expedition returned to-day with 1 lieutenant, 11 soldiers, and 2 home guards, with their arms, and 2 citizens, prisoners. Captured three or four boats and destroyed about 225 barrels of fish salted. No loss reported. Will report particulars as soon as possible.

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

General PALMER.

