HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 1, 1864.

Major-General NEWTON:

Instructions have been issued to the commander of the Cavalry Corps to have the cavalry, pickets advanced beyond Cedar Mountain, to have every avenue of approach to Cedar Mountain to the right and left carefully watched, and the commander of the guard at the signal station and the commander of the division near Cedar Mountain warned immediately of the approach of any party of the enemy. There should be constant communication with the commander of the division near Cedar Mountain and the commander of the cavalry brigade near Cedar Run, and they should arrange between them every detail necessary to the execution of the duties assigned each.

By order:

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, January 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Do you intend all of Robinson's to occupy Cedar Mountain, or one brigade only?

JNO. NEWTON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Major-General NETWON,

Commanding First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that whether one or both brigades of Robinson's division are posted near Cedar Mountain is left to you. It was thought to be your proposition to take both brigades there in the personal interview on Wednesday, because the bridge near Cedar Run had a wet camp-ground as well as the brigade near Mitchell's Station. The exact posting of the brigades of the division is left to you, so that they accomplish the objects of the advance position of the division.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,January 1, 1864.

Colonel PAUL FRANK,

Commanding First Division, Second Corps:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the corps directs me to say that he has ordered the supply train of your division, which is now parked near the mill, on the other side of Mountain Run, to be moved to a point designated by Colonel Batchelder, chief quartermaster Second Corps, near the corduroy road leading to Brandy Station.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

