
last night. I have sent out Major Gibson to relieve the pickets of the Twelfth and have requested General Sullivan to direct his cavalry at Charlestown to communicate with mine at Bunker Hill. It seems probable that General early has been assigned to the command of the Valley Department, with headquarters at Staunton, and it is likely he is determined to establish an outpost at Winchester or to make a raid on this road. I have placed the infantry and battery in position and taken all measures for defense. If the enemy will wait until my brigade is on its feet he may come. I think it proper, however, to urge that a force of at least 5,000 infantry should be at once established at this point.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 1, 1864 - 11 a. m.

I fully concur with you in regard to the Twelfth Pennsylvania. I am glad you have sent Gibson to the front. General Sullivan says Captain Bailey, of the First New York, reports Rosser's brigade in winchester last night. If that is all the force there you can whip them with two of your regiments. Keep me fully advised. I have put all the troops along the line of railroad on the alert.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Martinsburg, January 1, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

My own scouts have returned from Winchester and report nothing in the place except scouting party of 40 rebels up to dark last night, but that Sixty-second Virginia Infantry, Eighteenth Virginia Cavalry, White's battalion, and one or two companies of Gilmor's battalion were in the vicinity of Winchester. The rebels reported my force in the mountains unable to escape; that 1,200 of my command which had been captured passed through Staunton yesterday. I think it is proper that I should assume command of the entire force at this place. I will endeavor to have no more stampedes. Colonel Rodger's command can, however, make their returns to their proper division commander. If this meets your approbation, please direct it. I still think the permanent infantry force should be increased at this point. As soon as I get my command in order I will clean out Winchester, if the rebels attempt to occupy it.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, January 1, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: Copies of all telegrams relating to movements near Harper's Ferry and martinsburg have been sent to Major-General Meade. Do you wish any sent to Brigadier-General Lockwood?

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOMAS T. ECKERT,

Major, &c.

