
MARTINSBURG, January 2, 1864.

Captain BOONE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Major Bell reported verbally that he was informed by Colonel Boyd yesterday that he intended to go to Winchester, and that he and Major Gibson, of Averell's command, joined him when he marched, falling into the rear of the column. When about 4 miles from Winchester, Colonel Boyd halted and returned to Bunker Hill at 8 last night, he going on to Charlestown, Bell and Gibson remaining at Bunker Hill. About 12 to-day a detachment of Twenty-second Pennsylvania Cavalry and one section artillery arrived at Bunker Hill, and reported that they had gone to Winchester by the way of Berryville; that the enemy, about 1,500, consisting of White's, Gilmor's, and Imboden's commands, left Winchester in the direction of Romney at 5 yesterday, as the were informed by citizens. The Twenty-second went into Winchester and remained there all night.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, January 2, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN, New Creek:

General Sullivan reports that his count from Winchester learned that the enemy had moved toward Romney; that is, Imboden's and Gilmor's forces. Order Colonels Campbell and Thoburn to be on the alert.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, January 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

From information sent to Colonel Rodgers this morning by General Sullivan I think it important that General Wheaton's force should arrived here to-day, and as a precautionary measure, there should be a pontoon bridge at Fauling waters or Williamsport. General Sullivan states that Imboden and Early are in the vicinity of Winchester with the intention of attacking this place. They will not attempt an attack except with a large force, which could not be very well spared from Lee's army.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Martinsburg, January 2, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY, Cumberland:

The following dispatch has just been received from Colonel McCaslin at Sir John's Run:

My scouts just in from the south of this county report having received information from citizens of Winchester that Early and Imboden with 10,000 men were at that place and Rosser with 700 men were at that place, the latter intending to cut the road at Paw Paw or Little Cacapon.

M. McCASLIN,

Colonel.

