
The printed maps have been furnished both General Kilpatrick and General Merritt, with instructions to have the position of pickets, vedettes, camps of brigades, regiments, &amp;c., noted on the map. The maps will be forwarded to you with the last possible delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

WARRENTON, January 3, 1864 - 8 p. m.

(Received 8. 20 p. m.)

Major-General PLEASONTON:

I have the honor to report that I left Front Royal at 10. 30 a. m. this morning; arrived here at 7. 30 p. m. this evening. From information received at Front Royal, General Early, with 10,000 mounted men and eight pieces of artillery, is between Woodstock and strasburg, about starting on a raid for the purpose of striking the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, by way of Winchester and Martinsburg. Colonel Taylor was not able to ford the river at Front Royal, the river being too deep. Would leave his camp, front Royal, about 12 o'clock this morning, expecting to arrive here by noon to-morrow. No report of any body of the enemy being on this side of the river.

By command of Colonel J. P. Taylor, commanding:

T. J. GREGG,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,January 3, 1864 - 10. 15 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded.

This report evidently exaggerates the number of mounted men at Strasburg. The whole rebel cavalry does not come up to that force at this time.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 3, 1864 - 11 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

Your communication of 10. 30 p. m. is received.

The major-general commanding directs me to say that the return of Colonel Taylor, under the circumstances reported, evinces an entire misconstructions of the object of the expedition. He directs that a messenger be dispatched to meet Colonel Taylor and prevent his return to Warrenton, and that that officer be directed to return to the Shenandoah and move up that river he finds a place where he can cross it, and obtain positive information as to the position and movements of the enemy, actual or intended. Colonel Taylor's further operations, after he has obtained this information, must depend upon the circumstances in which he finds himself placed. If the opportunity offers of harassing or striking the enemy successfully he will take advantage of it.

Very respectfully,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

