HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 4, 1864 - 10. 30 a. m. (Received 12. 30 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECk, General-in-Chief:

An officer from Colonel Smith [Taylor], commanding cavalry division sent into the Shenandoah Valley, arrived at Warrenton last night from Front Royal, reporting the Shenandoah River not fordable, and that Colonel Smith [Taylor] was returning, his command broken down from the severity of the weather and the bad condition of the roads and want of supplies. It was reported at Front Royal that Early was at Strasburg with infantry and cavalry, about to make a raid on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. I fear it is too late, even if practicable, to intercept this operation from any movement from this army. The Shenandoah cannot be crossed without a bridge, and it is doubtful whether a bridge train can be transported at the present season and weather. Any force to be of use should be so strong as to overcome the enemy concentrated on his return. With my army weakened by the detachments already made, and the large number of furloughs granted, I feel reluctant to send a large force away, particularly as I doubt the practicability of moving it over the roads we are compelled to use at this season. I would rather suggest sending troops by railroad if they are required for defensive purposes. Please give me your views whether I shall send back the cavalry or a strong force of all arms.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 4, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 2nd instant, I am instructed by the General-in-Chief to inform you that the detachment of Wheaton's brigade is only temporary, and that it will return the moment Early's raid is checked or driven back.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MITCHELL'S STATION, January 4, 1864.

Major-General NEWTON, Commanding First Army Corps:

Lieutenant-Colonel Allen has just returned from re-establishing the picket-line. My pickets cover the whole front for a distance of 4 1/2 or 5 miles, and are 1 mile from camp. The cavalry connect on the left, but no cavalry pickets can be found on the right.

J. C. ROBINSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 4, 1864 - 2. 15 p. m.

Major-General SYKES, Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the protection of the railroad at Rappahannock Station will probably

22 R R - VOL XXXIII

