
be left to two divisions of the Fifth Corps, and that you make every preparation to concentrate the First Division quickly, and more it forward to take the place of the Sixth Corps. In the event of the division moving, a small force will be left to guard the bridges at Rappahannock Station, until part of one of the other divisions comes up.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 4, 1864 - 11. 45 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold two divisions ready to move at a moment's notice, with supply train and two batteries (eight pieces) of artillery. Please report the strength of the two divisions, the number of days' rations on hand, and number of days' forage on hand. Arrangements had better be made to put the five days' rations in the knapsack, and for driving beef on the hoof.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 4, 1864 - 2. 15 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK, Commanding Sixth Corps:

The Major-general commanding directs me to say that the whole of the Sixth Corps should be held ready to move, with full supply of rations and forage. A division of the Fifth Corps will be sent to take the place of the Sixth Corps in the event of its moving. Sixty rounds of ammunition, including the 40 rounds in the cartridge-boxes, should be taken. Such part of the ambulance trains as you deem proper should be held ready to move with the troops. Eight pieces of artillery are considered sufficient. All te forage that it is practicable to carry should be take with the corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with orders received to-day, I respectfully submit the following field report of this command present for duty, officers and men:

Command. 	 Officers. 	 Men.

First Division	 250	 4,696

Second Division	 162	 3,008

Third Division	 160	 3,211

Artillery Brigade	 24	 797

The Artillery Brigade has 735 serviceable horses and 46 field pieces.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

