HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 4, 1864 - 7. 15 p. m.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Warrenton:

The major-general commanding desires to know by what route your command marched from Warrenton to Front Royal, and by what route it returned. Reply desired as soon as possible.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 4, 1864.

(Received 5. 55 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

I send for the information of the General-in-Chief a copy of telegram just received from General Averell:

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

Two deserters and 2 prisoners report that General Early arrived at Mount Jackson on Wednesday morning with the commands of Generals Fitz. Lee, Rosser, Archer, Thomas, Jones, and Imboden. It was thought Lee was going to Paw Paw Tunnel; that walker, with three brigades, was going to page Valley, and that an attack was intended on Martinsburg. It was said that Ewell was on his way to the valley with 20,000 men. They all tell the same story. Captain Johnson, Twelfth Pennsylvania, came in at midnight, and reports that he went with Colonel Boyd 7 miles beyond Winchester yesterday evening to Newtown, where they encountered the pickets of the enemy. White's battalion, Eighteenth and Sixty-second, were encamped in that vicinity. The report was circulated that Ewell had arrived at Mount Jackson with 20,000 men. Colonel Boyd said he would return to the Opequon last night, and to Charlestown this morning. I have sent a regiment to Winchester to picket in that direction. It seems to be an imperative necessity that there should be a bridge across the potomac at falling Waters or Williamsport as a precautionary measure, as it might be impracticable for me to retire to Harper's Ferry if attacked by a superior force.

W. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, January 4, 1864 - 1 p. m.

WILLIAM P. SMITH,

Camden Station, Baltimore:

Please have troop trains pushed through to this place as rapidly as possible. Make all else give way. The safety of the road and property demands it. Answer.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 4, 1864 - 7 a. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry:

Your telegram received. Send me the Twelfth Virginia if you can get cars. Get them off as soon as possible. I have only one

