
no trains to go west of Harper's Ferry this p. m. We send one regiment from Baltimore at 9 o'clock. Your better information will doubtless enable you to judge whether considerable re-enforcements are not required to prevent disasters.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 4, 1864 - 2. 20 p. m.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Baltimore:

Please send any forces you can spare to General Sullivan at Harper's Ferry. What can you send? Answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

BALTIMORE, MD., January 4, 1864 - 5. 30 p. m.

(Received 5. 40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Telegram received. There are no forces here that would be of any service to General Sullivan, except the Tenth Maryland, a most excellent regiment of 700 men, which will be ordered on forthwith.

H. H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 5, 1864 - 12. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

It is now reported that Ewell's corps is in the Shenandoah Valley. Have you any information to that effect? I think another brigade should be sent here, to report to General Augur for transportation to Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Brandy Station, Va., January 5, 1864 - 1 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Our scouts have returned from the valley, and reported that Early's command, consisting of five brigades of infantry, estimated at 7,000, together with Lee's, Rosser's, Imboden's, and Jenkins' cavalry, and some artillery, passed down the valley about Friday last with the intention of making a raid on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, but the main body moved from Woodstock over to Moorefield, intending to attack and cut the railroad at New Creek; that a detachment of infantry - Thomas' (Georgia) brigade - and some cavalry were sent through Strasburg to threaten Martinsburg, as a diversion. This intelligence is deemed reliable, and seems to be confirmed by the movements reported by General Kelley.

