HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 5, 1864 - 7 p. m. (Received 7. 15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Shaler's brigade of the Sixth Corps, 1,375 enlisted men, will leave this point at 4 a. m. to-morrow.

Further examination of scouts subsequent to my telegram of 1 p. m. would lead to the conclusion that the infantry of Early's command in the lower valley was only two brigades and some detached regiments.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 5, 1864 - 4. 20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

The brigade ordered up will probably be sufficient to supply General Kelley's wants. It will be held here ready for his orders. Last reports from Baltimore and Ohio Railroad indicate no immediate danger.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

JANUARY 5, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

I am instructed by the command general to say that at the present moment the furloughs granted to veteran volunteers re-enlisted in your corps must be limited to 1,200,* which will be held to include the men individually furloughed by you as well as those ordered home in a body from these headquarters. This restriction is rendered absolutely necessary by the existing condition of affairs, and the men who re-enlist and are not now furloughed will be granted their furloughs when those now absent return, or earlier if the demands of the service will permit.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,January 5, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a telegram yesterday directing me to hold the First Division of this corps in readiness to occupy the camp of General Sedgwick's troops.

The duty required of my command is now of such a nature as gives the men one might in bed out of three in some of the division (I have not heard from all), and in consequence sickness is greatly on the

---------------

* Similar letters to commanding officer of Third Corps, allowing 1,700; Fifth Corps, 1,700, and Sixth Corps, 3,700.

---------------

