
increase. I have two regiments engaged upon the trains, guards for depot here and there, 25 miles of railroad to watch, besides protecting the approaches from north and south of the railroad; Beverly Ford and a picket-line extending up to Freeman's Ford to occupy, besides large details that have been exacted to build corduroy roads, &amp;c. I respectfully submit that my troops cannot accomplish all this duty with three depleted divisions. I had determined to call the attention of the command general to the case. With two the duty cannot be done properly. If practicable, I respectfully ask that my First Division be relieved from the responsibility of moving to the south bank of the Rappahannock.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Near Brandy Station, January 5, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I desire to report to the general commanding that I can take but five days' forage with my transportation. The chief of artillery reports that he cannot take any on his caissons, but will have to lighten them of some ammunition to get along. The roads are not only impracticable, but impassable. My transportation for the last twenty-four has not succeeded in bringing up the five days' supplies, and this with the loss of several animals.

I am, very respectfully.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 5, 1864 - 6. 30 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that the brigade held in readiness to move to Washington by railroad be at Brandy Station in time to embark in the cars which leave at 4 a. m. to-morrow. This arrangement it is expected will give the men some sleep before moving to the depot. Upon reaching Alexandria, General Shaler will report by telegraph to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 5, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

General Merritt reported yesterday that four deserters from Fourth Alabama had come in, stating that Heth's and Johnson's divisions

