
had gone to Gordonsville and Staunton. It was and is important that these deserters should be here as soon as practicable, yet they have not yet reached here. I have telegraphed General Merritt direct to learn if the deserters are certain they belong to the Fourth, or if it is the Fourteenth Alabama, and to what brigade and division they belong.

The major-general commanding directs that General Merritt's attention be called to the orders requiring the forwarding of deserters with all possible dispatch to headquarters, and to report the cause of delay in this instance.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 5, 1864.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps Headquarters:

Herewith I send you a map, marked as directed, with positions of camps of brigades, regiments, batteries, and also of vedettes and reserves.

The First Brigade, now absent, had established its camp on the Stevensburg and James City road, about 1 1/2 miles to the front of Ward's house. It will resume that position when it returns, if not otherwise ordered. The force on duty as picket is from 500 to 600.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CULPEPER, VA., January 5, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet along my picket-line. Where is Starke's Ford; on what stream or river? Please answer.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 5, 1864.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps Headquarters:

COLONEL: In answer to the inquiry of the major-general commanding as to why I "suspected the execution of a positive order" sent me on the 2nd instant in reference to posting 100 men as guard to a signal station on Cedar Mountain, I have the honor to reply:

The order was given and carried out (as far as possible) on the 2nd and also on the 3rd instant, details of the force required being sent both days. On the third day it was reported to me that there was no signal station on the mountain, when I authorized the commanding officer of the Reserve Brigade, who furnished the detail, not to send any more parties to the mountain until the signal party ar-

