
tion. Select the best possible camps, with abundance of wood and water, and as near the railroad as practicable. Let the regiments at once go to work to make shelters for themselves and horses. Send details from each regiment to get the property left in the camps at Bealeton. Do not allow any straggling through the country. The detachment of the First Maine will escort your battery and wagon train.

Very respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

WAR DEPARTMENT, OFFICE MIL. DIR. AND SUPT. RAILROADS, U. S.,

Washington, January 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Washington:

GENERAL: Transportation from here to the front was called for to-day by your brigade quartermaster for si pontoons, twenty-six pontoon wagons and eight army wagons, and about one car-load of other freight, and I gave instructions to have cars placed on Maryland avenue to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock to take them. Since then I learn that the army is sadly in want of forage, and every car we have must be used in sending forward a supply. Please consider the arrangement made to supply you with cars as suspended until this supply and forage pressure is over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. McCALLUM,

Colonel, Mil. Director and Supt. of Railroads, United States.

Per W. H. WHITON.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant Livingston will direct that the articles called for them the front will not be sent from our depot until further orders from me.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., January 5, 1864-12 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY, Cumberland:

An infantry regiment left Baltimore for Harper's Ferry last night. Two more will leave here to-day. Do you want any more artillery? Cannot some of General Scammon's forces be brought up to your line?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 5, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 10. 50 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

I have ordered General Sullivan to send the two regiments of infantry, now on the way from Washington, to Martinsburg. I do not need any more artillery at present. Cannot withdraw any

