
with regard to the miserable condition of affairs in the rebel capital. Gold at 22 to 30. They avoided Early's force in coming here, and passed a portion of it falling back on Sunday near Newton. They met several wagons returning toward Staunton loaded with leather. Their report confirms those heretofore received and forwarded to you with regard to the force in the valley, except that they heard or saw nothing of Ewell. They state the force at three brigades of infantry and two of cavalry, besides Imboden's command. Imboden is not with his command, which is now under Colonel Smith.

WM. M. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Martinsburg:

I cannot spare Colonel Oley's regiment from this point just now. It and the First Virginia will be sent you as soon as practicable. I have directed the quartermaster's department to issue whatever clothing Colonel Oley's men require.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 5, 1864-11. 10 a. m.

(Received 11. 30 a. m.)

General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

Unless you have information from some other source than from this valley, I assure you I have troops enough to hold everything between Martinsburg and here. Early was moving toward Strasburg from Middletown yesterday. No troops of the enemy have been farther toward the road than Winchester, and that but a small force of cavalry. The report that our pickets have ever been driven in at Bunker Hill is not true.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., January 5, 1864.

Captain BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have information this morning from Morse that he went up the Romney road 6 miles from Winchester; met Barry, a good Union man, well known here as such, who had gained from Williams, a prominent rebel in Winchester, the information that there were less than 6,000 rebels in the valley; that Lee and Early had gone to Petersburg, and that Imboden had gone up the valley. I believe the information to be reliable.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

