
MARTINSBURG, W. VA., January 5, 1864.

Captain BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Samuel Trenary, from Winchester, with 3 refugees from Staunton, says no rebels in Winchester; rumored that 5,000 men in the valley. Sigmond Bach, from Staunton, came down valley in stage; passed a camp of infantry at New Market, one at Mount Jackson, and one about 2 miles this side Mount Jackson-Thomas', Rosser's, and Walker's commands. Fitz. Lee had gone on Wednesday afternoon. Lewis Kayton left Richmond 27th and Staunton 29th; passed Mount Jackson at night; saw three camps, said to be Lee's, Rosser's, and Imboden's.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, January 5, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

Scouts report Lee's and Rosser's forces encamped to-night at Romney; supposed to be on their way to Winchester. Their horses are badly broken down. They ought not to be permitted to return up the valley in safety. I send a copy of this to Averell.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 5, 1864.

Colonel RODGERS,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

Send every cavalryman you can spare to-morrow morning to Winchester. Fitz. Lee and Rosser are reported as falling back from Petersburg with horses and men badly used up. Colonel Boyd starts from Charlestown at daylight.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., January 5, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: The rebels are fully impressed with the idea that I have been reenforced instead of depleted, and hence the several changes in my front which I have brought to your notice during the past month. This deception is very well while it lasts. The Richmond Sentinel of the 1st January, 1864, has the following from the Wilmington Journal, which has been reflected by the papers at Raleigh:

At New Berne there is every reason to believe (says the Wilmington Journal) that the enemy is concentrating heavy re-enforcements at New Berne, with what view has not yet appeared, though circumstances would indicate an extension of his line and a probable advance on Kinston, threatening the Wilmington and

