
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., January 6, 1864-3. 20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

If you can spare Major-General Hancock I desire that you will direct him to report tome as soon as convenient with a view to performing temporary special duty, but not to interfere with his command in your army.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

JANUARY 6, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

I have the honor herewith to transmit a statement showing the regiments and companies thus far ordered home from this army as veteran volunteers under the orders governing the subject, three-fourths of the same having re-enlisted. It will be seen that these organizations number in the aggregate about 6,000.

General Orders, Numbers 376, of November 21, 1863, from the War Department, taken in connection with the circular of December 15, 1863, from the War Department, requires that the volunteers sent home as organized bodies shall report through the governors of the States to the superintendent of the recruiting service; they are consequently placed beyond my control and may be kept from my command for an indefinite period, and perhaps transferred from it altogether. In view of the large number of volunteers that have been and may be furloughed in organizations as veteran volunteers in this army, I respectfully request that the superintendent of the recruiting service may be instructed to give those organizations immediately on reporting the thirty days' furlough provided for in General Orders, Numbers 376, and that on reassembling at the appointed places of rendezvous the regiments and companies be allowed not to exceed three weeks for recruiting and reorganization, and that at the expiration of that term they be sent back to this army. If those regiments and companies are permitted to remain in their States beyond the period indicated, it is probable that many other men who have re-enlisted or may re-enlist as veteran volunteers, with the understanding that they are to receive furloughs this winter, may be the absolute necessities of the service be kept with the army. I am clearly of the opinion that it is in every way for the best interests of the service that the regiments and companies that may be sent home as organized bodies be promptly returned to the field very soon after the expiration of their furloughs, and I shall be glad to learn that instructions to that effect have been given. I also ask that the men furloughed by me individually may not be permitted to be kept from the army after the expiration of their furloughs, by details or otherwise.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 12, 1864.

Unless otherwise directed they will return to their proper commands.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

