
me with 600 of General Sullivan's cavalry. Lieutenant Morton immediately opened on the enemy from the ford. I sent orders to Colonel Thoburn to come forward with the infantry, but he was unable to arrive in time to participate in the affair. Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson was directed to take a part of his force, with one piece of artillery, move into a good position near the Inskip's Ford on the enemy's flank, hold it, and harass the enemy, which movement he executed with rapidity and success. At the same time Lieutenant-Colonel Fitz Simmons steadily pressed the enemy in front until his advance under Major Quinn, drove them through and out of Moorefield at 11 o'clock.

The enemy made another stand at Randolph's on the South Fork, but gave way as the artillery was brought up, and fell slowly back up the fork, when Early's infantry were reported by Lieutenant-Colonel Fitz Simmons deploying into position.

Captain Myers, of the Ringgold Cavalry being familiar with the South Fork pass, was ordered to the front with his company and Colonel Fitz Simmons ordered to press closely after him, using his artillery, and rout the enemy. Captain Myers, after an endeavor to break through their lines returned and reported the enemy strongly lodged in the rocks. Lieutenant-Colonel Fitz Simmons reported the majority of his cavalry too exhausted for further efficient pursuit. At this point, about 3 p. m., the enemy's train was discovered on the South Branch Mountains. The artillery opened on it without effect, the distance being too great. Colonel Fitz Simmons and the artillery were then stationed at the mouth of the South Fork defile, and Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson with the whole available force of both commands, moved up the fork in pursuit. Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson followed the enemy, not returning until late in the night, having pursued him to the neighborhood of Lost River road.

The cavalry having made forced marches from Harper's Ferry and Martinsburg, were greatly worn down. The same is true of Lieutenant Morton's artillery, some of whose horses dropped dead from exhaustion in the field.

Thanks are due Lieutenant-Colonels Thompson and Fitz Simmons for having overtaken and pursued the enemy until night and the mountains saved him. I am also much indebted to my staff, Captains Moriarty and Pease, Lieutenants Nugent and McKenzie, for their skill and efficiency.

This report has been delayed waiting for the reports of the officers commanding the cavalry, which reports have not yet been received.

With respect, faithfully,

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.

Captain T. MELVIN.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Jacob M. Campbell, Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Cumberland, Md., February 24, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to your letter of the 23rd instant, directing me to report "what damage was done to the Baltimore and

