
CUMBERLAND, January 6, 1864-6 p. m.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

New Creek:

I have been waiting to get some reliable information in regard to the movements of the enemy before we would make a movement. I learn just now by a telegram from Paw Paw that Lee and Rosser passed through Blue's Gap yesterday evening. It will therefore be useless to send an infantry force after them. Your cavalry scout will probably be able to pick up some stragglers and broken-down horses. Sullivan is after them. Will meet them this side of Winchester if they go that way.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 6, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Martinsburg:

Scouts report Lee and Rosser having passed Blue's gap late yesterday evening. The force in front of Thoburn have all left. What little effective cavalry I have is pursuing the enemy both from Petersburg and by way of Romney. Send out every available man you can raise to co-operate with Colonel Boyd, who is at Winchester to-night. I fear they will turn off by way of Cacapon Springs, however, and escape.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, January 6, 1864.

Brigadier General G. MARSTON,

Commanding District of Saint Mary's:

GENERAL: Information having been received here that a small cavalry force of the enemy is roaming about the counties of Westmoreland, Richmond, Northumberland,and Lancaster, Va., collecting conscripts, deserters, horses, mules, neat stock, and grain, and sending the same to Richmond and the rebel army the major-general commanding this department commands that you cross the Potomac with such force as you may deem necessary and as can be spared from other service, and with the aid of the gun-boats at your command effect a landing in the above-named counties, capture of disperse any hostile force you may find there, seize and fetch away the negroes, live-stock, tobacco, and grain of rebel owners, and also the boats used in carrying men and supplies across the Rappahannock. The grain and boats and other property which you cannot fetch away you are authorized to destroy. It is to be hoped that large quantities of wood and cattle for the use of the prisoners may be thus obtained.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

