
ing with you, proceed with his command to the vicinity of Morrisville, and ascertain if possible the truth of the report sent to these headquarters last night respecting the movements of the enemy's cavalry. He will communicate with the officer in command of the cavalry on that flank of the corps, and gain all the information in his power. On his return he will report through your headquarters the result of his expedition.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

January 8, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on the lines. Four prisoners of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry have been sent in by the party that went to Starke's Ford. It has not returned nor made report as yet. Three deserters, two from Seventh Virginia Infantry, one from Sixth Virginia Cavalry, came in last night. They have not been with their regiments lately.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,January 8, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication I have to state that as soon as practicable after information was received of the attack upon the picket reserve of the Third Pennsylvania Cavalry a force of 100 men was sent in pursuit. It was confidently expected that this pursuing party would overtake the enemy within a few miles of Warrenton. Everything having been done which was necessary, I awaited some intelligence from the party sent in pursuit that I might communicate this with the circumstances of the attack. A full investigation is being had of the affair, and the investigation will be continued until the responsible parties are brought to punishment. I forward herewith reports of the brigade officer of the day and an officer on duty with the reserve. * The daily morning report forwarded this morning noticed properly the attack and capture of the reserve.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,January 8, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following for the information of the major-general commanding the Cavalry Corps:

In compliance with orders, on the-of December, 1863, the com-

---------------

*See p. 14.

---------------

