
manding officer of the First Brigade of this division established his brigade at Warrenton. The continued presence of Mosby's command in the immediate vicinity of the town made it necessary to picket strongly all the approaches. To give security to his command the commanding officer of the brigade found it necessary to confine the citizens of Warrenton to within the limits of his lines of pickets and to prevent citizens without from entering the town. This system is still adhered to, and no other can be adopted with safety to the brigade in its present position at Warrenton. There is in Warrenton a large population of women and children and old men. Cut off from all markets, very many of these families are suffering for the necessaries of life; all are impoverished. I am constantly importuned by women to be allowed to purchase from the subsistence department. By existing orders this is not permitted. The mills which supplies the citizens with flour and meal are at considerable distances from the town. If the citizens of Warrenton are to secure their necessary supplies by commerce with the surrounding country, then will the security of the brigade be constantly threatened; if, on the contrary, the proper and ordinary precautions are observed for the security of the command and the people of Warrenton kept within our lines, then will it become absolutely necessary to assist them in procuring the very necessaries of life; these necessaries can be procured in no other way but from the subsistence department. If a correct census should be made of the number of persons in each family, under proper restrictions, sales might be made without abuse. I respectfully request the action of proper authority upon this matter.

Your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

ALEXANDRIA, January 8, 1864.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My men have scouted to-day to Falls Church, Vienna, thence across through the woods to Fairfax road, also to Accotink. They report a skirmish at the picket-post at Flint Hill last night, but could not learn the particulars. They report all quiet to-day.

H. H. WELLS,

Provost-Marshal.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 8, 1864-3. 55 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

As soon as the Tenth Maryland Regiment can be spared from Harper's Ferry it will be sent back to Baltimore. It terms expires on 29th instant.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Copy to General Lockwood, Baltimore.)

