
GARNETT'S SIGNAL STATION,

January 9, 1864-10 a. m.

General ROBINSON:

I can see no change nor any life about the enemy's position this morning. Small camps along the railroad toward Orange Court-House. No officers on Clark's Mountain. No station in sight.

WIGGINS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY PICKET,Sperryville Pike, January 9, 1864.

Major DURLAND,

Commanding Second Brigade:

SIR: I have the honor te report that I have just returned from a scout after a party of Hill's guerrillas, and having learned some particulars as to their movements I thought best to report the same that you may take measures for their capture if you think proper. I was informed by a negro early this morning that a small party, five to seven, were at or near Rixey's distillery, 2 miles outside lines, and that they had been watching the movements of our patrols to Hazel River. I immediately started in pursuit but was one hour too late, they having left and crossed the river 2 miles above the bridge on the pike. The negroes at the distillery, also the owner, said that they had been there and within one-half mile of the pike, 14 in number, for the purpose of "gobbling" up the patrol to Hazel, but were too late. They were also there yesterday morning, 18 to 20 in number, for the same purpose, but thinking you patrol too strong, did not attack. It is probable that they will come again to-morrow morning, at or near the same place and possibly in greater force, and I think if proper measures are taken they can be captured. One squadron would be enough, about 40 men. I have that number here, but of course could not, without special permission or orders, take them from the reserve. I am quite confident that I could captured the party if they should come, if the requisite number of men are placed at my disposal.

I am, respectfully, &amp;c.,

SIMRELL,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

I do not think it safe to patrol to Hazel River with less than 20 to 30 men, and shall not send a patrol unless you direct.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp near Culpeper, Va., January 9, 1864.

Captain DONEHOO,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, First Cav. Division:

SIR: I have the honor to report my return with my command from a scouting expedition on the evening of the 8th instant.

According to orders and instructions received I proceeded, in command of 200 men, from camp toward Oak Shade Church by way of Rixeyville, starting about 11. 30 p. m. on the 7th instant. On the march to Rixeyville I searched every house.

