
I marched as directed to Martha Rixey's and there captured four prisoners, members of the Little Fork rangers, supposed to be an organization of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry. I then proceeded toward Mr. Starke's, but discovered nothing there or around that part of the country. I found the river at Starke's Ford entirely frozen over, and totally impossible to pass. At Rixey's Ford the large lumps of ice rushing down the river would have endangered both man and horse if I attempted a crossing.

I then scouted the country up the river toward Muddy Run Mountains without any further success. I observed a few scouts in the mountains, but could not succeed in capturing them. The prisoners I delivered over to the provost-marshal. Arms and equipments, &amp;c., I have furnished to dismounted men of my regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. PARNELL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

I also wish to state that at every house between here and Oak Shade Church there are safeguards from our army. At the house of Mrs. Martha Rixey the safeguard (Williams, Company C, Fifth New Jersey Volunteers) said in hearing of some of my men that I had no right to take those men prisoners. Such man are dangerous when outside of our lines, and I would strongly recommend his arrest and trial.

The following is a list of property captured, viz: Four horses, four revolvers (two unfit for present use and different patterns), one carbine (Sharps), two sabers and belts, four saddles (worn), four bridles, different patterns and worn.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. PARNELL,

Major, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., January 9, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Mr. Webster, of Massachusetts, came into our lines from Wilmington a few days since. He is a very intelligent and well-posted man, having resided in Florida and Georgia some five years for his health. He has been living at Augusta. At this place the rebels have their main powder-works, covering four acres. All the rails of the Florida roads are being removed to repair other roads at the north and west. He was at Wilmington two days. General Whiting has about 7,000 men in the works along the coast and sounds. Blockade running had ceased very much, and much excitement existed because the Confederate Government was about to take all the vessels on its account. Very strong works are being erected on Zeek's and Smith's Islands. Others report a force of about 1,000 of all arms at or near Kenansville, between Wilmington and Goldsborough.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

