HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, January 10, 1864.

ELIZABETH T. UPSHUR,

Franktown, Va.:

MY DEAR MADAM: I have read your note in relation to sending colored troops into Northampton County. If I could believe for a moment any of the consequences would follow which you detail it certainly should not be done. Experience, however, has shown that colored troops properly officered are less aggressive than white ones in the places where they are quartered, from the fact that they have been accustomed from their childhood to give up their will to the will of those who are over them.

You are entirely mistaken and misinformed as to what was done at Elizabeth City. I have had the committees from five counties, Pawuotank, Currituck, Camden, Perquimans, and Chowan, here and their universal testimony is that the negro soldiers did nothing but what they were ordered to do. They committed no acts except under the orders of their officers. That we had to burn the houses and carry away the families of guerrillas is most true, but it was done under orders.

I have yet to learn of a single outrage by a colored soldier committed upon any of the people of Norfolk or Yorktown, and there are three regiments at once place and four at the other.

I can bear the same testimony of the negro regiments camped near Fortress Monroe, and if I send the negroes to the Eastern Shore it will be because of the outrages reported to me of the white troops there stationed. Therefore calm your fears. I will hold myself responsible that no outrage shall be committed against any peaceful citizens.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 11, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 4. 35 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch just received. I trust the General-in-Chief will permit General Wheaton to remain at the Ferry, at least until the troops of Early retire from the valley:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

I have sent my cavalry to Newtown to-night to obtain reliable information. If, when Colonel Boyd returns to Pennsylvania, as ordered, General Wheaton's brigade, as is rumored, should be ordered to the Army of the Potomac, this point will be left very weak. Please telegraph to Washington for orders for Wheaton to remain, at least until spring.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

