
of Virginia, headquarters at Drummondtown, there to replace the present force, relieving all officers and soldiers on duty there except the provost-marshal. A copy of this order will be given to the commanding officer of the regiment, so that the officers in command there will be relieved and report with troops to General Lockwood.

The officer in command of the Tenth U. S. Colored with caution all his officers that there must be the strictest diligence and vigilance that no outrages of any sort are committed by his troops, for both he and his officers will be held personally responsible by me if any such are committed. The inhabitants there fear greatly the quartering of negro troops to correct that misapprehension, for I assure both him and them that the most summary punishment will be visited upon them for any breach of discipline, especially any that shall affect peaceable men. The commanding officer will immediately take measures to recruit his regiment to the fullest extent. He will give receipts to all loyal men who have taken the oath prescribed by the President's proclamation for any slave which may be recruited. He will report to me immediately any deficiency in his officers, incompetency, or any vacancy that may exist, that the one may be taken notice of and the other filled. He will call upon the quartermaster for the necessary transportation, and report to these headquarters the execution of this order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 13, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

The commanding general having been informed that ladies are in the practice of passing through our lines at their option, without hinderance from the pickets, and visiting Catlett's Station for the purchase of goods, &amp;c., directs me to call your attention to the matter, and to instruct you to allow no parties to pass your pickets unless properly authorized to do so. It is also stated that deserting teamsters are permitted to pass to the rear along the line of the railroad. The commanding general desires that you cause all such parties to be carefully examined, and if it is found that they have not proper passes, that they be sent back to the command to which they belong.

Very respectfully, &c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 20. Washington, January 14, 1864.

* * *

2. Camp Distribution, near Alexandria, Va., will be broken up as soon as practicable and discontinued, and Camp Convalescent, at Alexandria, Va., will hereafter be, and be known as, Rendezvous of Distribution, near Alexandria, Va., and the place from which all

