
men fit for service arriving in the Department of Washington will be distributed to their regiments. In future, none but men fit for field service and deserters will be sent to this rendezvous. The Surgeon-General will see that all men in general hospitals are transferred to the Invalid Corps, discharged or retained for treatment until fit for field service, as may be proper in each case, unless otherwise disposed of by proper authority, and not forwarded to this camp before they are fit for field service, as has heretofore been the custom.

* * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC-SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,January 14, 1864-1. 10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following report has just been received, and is respectfully forwarded:

SIGNAL STATION, GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN,

January 14, 1864.

Captain NORTON, Chief Signal Officer:

The enemy's line as seen from this station is as follows: About a division of infantry extends along the hills from Clark's Mountain to Rapidan railroad bridge. At that place is a small artillery camp and two guns in position. Farther down the road, leading along the river, two more are in position. Heavy smoke in the direction of Orange Court-House, indicating that the bulk of the enemy's force is there. Also a considerable activity in their railroad trains in that direction. So misty that no perfect observation can be made.

WIGGINS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain and Acting Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, January 14, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I respectfully request that a depot may be established at Warrenton Junction for the use of the troops there stationed. A battery of artillery, two squadrons of cavalry, and a brigade of infantry occupy that station, and are compelled to haul their supplies of subsistence and forage over a bad road from Catlett's.

The staff officers of the infantry brigade can receive and distribute the supplies and take charge of the depot. As there are "sidings" and a branch railroad at the Junction, I cannot understand why any objections should be made against the establishment of the depot. I hope this subject will receive the attention of the major-general commanding, and that the comfort and well-being of the troops may be considered.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

