
guarding the line would allow. It is difficult to explain, in the limits of an ordinary communication, that the guards on the trains can be watchful and wide-awake and yet fail to prevent these thefts as fully as is desirable. I will only say that darkness and the slow rate of speed of a heavy freight train up the steep grades of the Orange line are great aids to the thieves There is no fault to be found with the present train guards, and the Eleventh U. S. Infantry are especially effective. Having one portion of the train guards at Rappahannock works badly, however, and I would respectfully request that the force for train guards be increased to 800, and all stationed at Alexandria. Heretofore I have kept silent on this matter, until I thought the time had arrived to make the present statement.

I believe the fault to originate mainly from lack of organized purpose and the ignorance of duty on the part of officers in charge of the troops guarding the road. Their idea is simply to protect generally themselves, and next the road, by going off on some hill and digging a bastion, or selecting a good site for a camp, far or near from the line, which may possibly stand in danger of a guerrilla attack, but the trains of which are only regarded as simply their means of supply or private transportation. There should be a well-defined system of guarding the road, thoroughly understood by every officer connected with such service, and, in my opinion, the officers thus commanding guards should be immediately at the road, and a captain or lieutenant commanding, with at least 25 men, on duty at every station, and these officers being directly responsible for the safety of the trains, platforms, buildings, switch stand, water-tanks, and railroad property generally, so far as molestation is concerned, from soldiers and evil-doers. Every train should be watched at all hours by men on duty, and no one should be allowed to take anything off or put anything on board the train, except by the direct knowledge and under the inspection of the conductor.

Between stations should be a constant patrol to look after obstruction and thieves, and the officers thus far designated should make daily reports of the hour every train arrived at and left each station to the commanding officer of the regiment, and include in such reports any observations on the imperfect loading of cars, attempts of persons to create difficulty or to commit trespass, and all other details, the report having the effect of itself to promote vigilance in its maker and at the same time be a constant reminder of his duty as officer of a road guard.

I have written, sir, with many interruptions, and feel that I have failed to do justice to the subject, whilst my respect for you and your kindness prevents a belief that you will consider any portion of my communication presuming or officious, only stated plainly, with a desire to further the service and the needs of the army to the utmost. Regarding the point that much of our trouble arises within the command of General Augur, I would respectfully request that if any alterations in the road guard are made or any news orders be issued that the same be enforced by headquarters, or caused to be enforced, from Washington to the Rapidan. An accident (four cars down the bank through a switch at Culpeper) occurred two weeks since by a citizen popping up from ambush, throwing the switch wrong, and rapidly cutting stick over the hill, and one being near but the trainmen at the farther end of the train. The case, too, in daylight,

