
General Orders, Numbers 85 (now that I perceive its actual wording to be enforced), be modified so that the ambulance force shall be pro rata to the strength of regiments.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 6. January 15, 1864.

I. The number of surprises and captures that have been made of pickets, scouts, patrols, and other parties belonging to this command, by guerrilla parties in the United States uniform, demand the most energetic action of the commanders concerned to prevent such occurrences.

Hereafter no individual or party of men will be permitted to approach within rifle-shot until it is conclusively ascertained what is their character and who they really are. Parties of more than two persons will be halted at least 300 yards distant, and but one person under any circumstances will be permitted to advance to identify the party. The officer or non-commissioned officer in command will be held responsible for the character of the persons they allow to approach their position. No excuse will hereafter be accepted for a surprise or capture under the plea of the enemy being in our uniform, or having false papers, or other pretensions. It is the first duty of every officer and soldier to know beyond a doubt every party they may come in contact with, and whenever there exists this doubt the parties concerned will be secured, and the facts reported immediately to the proper headquarters for further action.

The names of all officers, non-commissioned officers, or privates who are surprised on duty and captured by the enemy will hereafter be reported to these headquarters. The officers will be recommended for dismissal and the enlisted men will be tried by court-martial should they prove tobe the responsible parties.

II. Every guerrilla or other rebel wearing the uniform of a United States soldier caught in the act of making war against any of the forces of this command will be hung of the spot.

III. Division commanders will cause this order to be carefully read to each of the regiments of their command, that the men and offices may fully understand it. A report will be made to these headquarters to that effect after these instructions have been read out in each division.

By command of Major-General Pleasonton:

E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF ENGR. OF DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON,January 15, 1864.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I respectfully request to be relieved from duty at this place and against to duty in the field.

It is proper to state that I had intended on the close of the campaign of 1862 to ask to be assigned to duty with troops, believing

