
that after serving two years as an engineer officer I was entitled to share with my juniors the advantages in the way of promotion attending the command of troops, and the still more important advantage of instructing myself in all the duties of the soldier, convinced that such practice was important to me even for a complete knowledge of my duties as an engineer. All intentions of this kind were cut short by an order assigning me to the command of Washington, its troops, and defenses. It was an important command, more important at that moment than it had ever before or since been, and one in its magnitude beyond what my actual rank wold have authorized me to expect. Had I preserved it, it would have enabled me at the same time to complete the defenses which I, as chief engineer of the Army of the Potomac, had commenced. The retreat to Washington of the Army of the Potomac and the reinstatement of General McClellan in its command caused me to be superseded. At no period was the importance of the defenses so fully appreciated. It was felt, too, that it they had saved Washington they were yet really incomplete and inadequate. The safety of Washington was the safety of the nation's cause, and under this feeling, and this only, I accepted a task which rather fell on me by force of circumstances than was imposed by superior command.

That task is essentially completed, and through there may be much actual work yet to be done, I do not feel as if there was sufficient reason that I should remain in connection with a duty which causes me to be considered unavailable for any command or for promotion.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 16, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington:

I have the honor to report that up to and including the 14th instant, 20,816 men enlisted in this army as veteran volunteers; of these, 5,142 were in the Cavalry Corps. This does not include those re-enlisted in General Wheaton's and Shaler's brigades since their detachment from this army.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General, Commanding.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

January 16, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Enemy's force on range of hills extending from Clark's Mountain to right of Rapidan railroad bridge seems to have increased. Can see camps capable of containing from 12,000 to 15,000 troops, while heavy smoke rises from behind some of the ridges. Smoke still very heavy in the direction of Orange Court-House. A few cavalry patrols on Robertson River. Too misty to see Lieutenant Thickstun's station.

WIGGINS and CAMP,

Signal Officers.

