HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,January 16, 1864.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of yesterday, requiring an explanation of the apparent discrepancy between the alleged reports made from these headquarters on the 14th instant, of 2,130 enlisted men present, and of 2,197 serviceable horses, and of 100 dismounted men in this brigade, I have the honor to make the following explanation:

The official copy of Special Orders, Numbers 4, current series, Army of the Potomac, furnished to these headquarters from your office, does not require a report of the number of officers and enlisted men present, but only of such of them as are present for duty. The special field return of this brigade forwarded upon the 13th instant was made out in accordance with that order, and although there are more than 2,600 enlisted men present in the brigade, only those for duty were reported, which amounted in the aggregate to 2,235, instead of the number specified in your letter. Had the aggregate number of men present been exhibited, it is probable that no doubt upon this subject would have arisen; for taking this aggregate and comparing it with the aggregate number of horses reported, both serviceable and unserviceable, after deducting officers' private horses, it will very readily be seen that the report of over 100 dismounted men in the brigade was undoubtedly correct.

In regard to the alleged discrepancy between the number of horses reported in the memoranda and in the estimate of the brigade quartermaster. I respectfully state the following facts: The memoranda report shows simply the number of cavalry horses in the regiment, i. e., those ridden by soldiers, and in many instances including officers' private horses; whereas report of the brigade quartermaster exhibits the total number of horses in the brigade, including those used in the quartermaster's and other staff departments, in each regiment and at brigade headquarters, for all of which he is required to provide forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 16, 1864.

(Received 11. 45 a. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch has been received by General Sullivan, by which you will learn that the report of yesterday that General Stuart was in Leesburg with a large cavalry force is unfounded:
HDQRS. BATTALION P. H. B. CAVALRY, MARYLAND VOLS.,Loudoun County, Va., January 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I proceeded yesterday morning on the proposed scout to Leesburg, via Hillsborough and Waterford. Saw nothing of the enemy until reached Leesburg, where we captured 2 of Mosby's and 2 of White's command; also 4 horses and horse equipments, 1 of which was a private horse taken

25 R R-VOL XXXIII

