
from my camp Sunday morning. From Leesburg we took the Snickersville pike, and went 4 miles beyond Purcellville; from thence the mountain road, through Woodgrove, to camp. I gained no information of the movements of White's or Mosby's command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

HENRY A. COLE,

Major, Commanding.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHAMBERSBURG, PA., January 16, 1864.

(Received 1. 30 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is reported that a mob will prevent Governor Curtin being inaugurated on the 19th instant. I think not. By invitation of the Legislature committee I shall be present.

COUCH,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Baltimore, Md., January 16, 1864.

I. Colonel William S. Fish, First Regiment Connecticut Cavalry, provost-marshal Eighth Army Corps, is hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters, and will report for duty with his regiment.

2. Major H. Z. Hayner, aide-de-camp, is appointed provost-marshal Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He is subject only to the orders of the department commander, will receive instructions from him, and will report daily at these headquarters.

II. The Third Regiment Maryland Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel Charles Carroll Tevis commanding, awaiting transportation, is hereby detached from the cavalry reserve of this army corps and will report directly to these headquarters.

2. Colonel William S. Fish, First Regiment Connecticut Cavalry, is assigned to the command of the Cavalry Reserve constituted in General Orders, Numbers 61, of 1863, from these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Lockwood:

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 17, 1864-1 p. m.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Philadelphia:

The following telegram has just been received from the General-in-Chief:

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 17, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

General Grant reports that one division of Ewell's corps has joined Longstreet in East Tennessee, and that another division is expected.

H. W. HALLECK.

