
have failed to receive a full supply when roads were good what are we to expect when they become bad and nothing more can be had here? We will then be compelled to fall back nearer the railroad. But then another difficulty will await us; we will not have transportation to enable us to move, for we could not move with our present transportation with the roads in good condition, much less when they become bad. I do not wish t be suggestive to my superiors, but knowing these things better perhaps than they are known at headquarters, I think it my duty to repeat them. With the experience of the past five months in connection with our trains and the prospect of bad roads at no distant day, I believe our stay here is at least Creek here would leave us famishing before another could be sent to us, and the capture of another train is by no means an improbable event, and cannot well be prevented on our part, for the enemy can easily bring a larger force to attack it than we can keep in continual guard with it. Even General Meade, with fifty times our force, has lost trains when the distance to his base of supplies was but little over one-half what ours it. If it be impracticable to remain here during the season of bad roads, would it not be better to leave before it would become more difficult? And I might also ask, could we not guard the approaches to the railroad as well, if not better, if stationed at or near Burlington than we do here? Pardon me if too suggestive. Believing that these things are more patent to myself than to others I think it best to give them to you.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Creek, W. Va., January 18, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the general commanding department.

This paper has been written by Colonel Thoburn without any knowledge on his part of my own opinion in this matter, as expressed in a late conversation with the general commanding.

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, January 17, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

Refugees and deserters brought in from Page County confirm former reports. One who left last Wednesday says Stuart had not moved. The rebel conscription is carried on with great vigor.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, January 17, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

Scouting party returned from Russell's Tavern, southwest of Winchester 15 miles, report having overtaken scouting party of enemy

