
with a number of cattle. Enemy were scattered and cattle retaken. Early and Lee reported gone to Gordonsville. Emboden between Cross Keys and Port Republic.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 16th instant with the inclosures. * Without questioning its justice, I desire to say that the discipline of the Fifth Corps is probably as good as that of any other corps in this army, but that its temptations to commit breaches of the kind named are very great. When horses, fences, stock, &amp;c., disappear in the vicinity of other corps it seems exceptional that the Fifth Corps should be stigmatized for lack of discipline. I have seen a car destroyed nearer Brandy than Rappahannock Station, and yet the robbers did not belong to my command. Aside from ordinary camp and picket duties, troops having 25 miles of railroad to watch, with the supplies for the whole army passing over it, have an amount of duty to perform not reached, it is believed, by any other corps in the Army of the Potomac.

That some irregularities should occur is not unlikely, and I exceedingly regret the loss of some little lumber, a dozen bales of hay, and a displaced car or so. Still, I do not wish to screen the Fifth Corps from any of its acts, and will use every exertion to correct the evils brought to my notice. Numerous statements have come to me that the railroad has never been better guarded than now.

The military superintendent of railroads states that most of these depredations occur east of Bull Run bridge. My jurisdiction extends only to that stream. I have sent to my division commanders copies of your inclosures, and the circular herein conveyed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. Camp near Rappahannock Station, January 18, 1864.

1. It is with great mortification that the major-general commanding submits the inclosed communications to his division commanders. From them it will be seen that robbery is systematically carried out along the line of railroad. The negligence of guards whose specific duty is to prevent depredations and insure the safety of trains, property, &c., is painfully apparent. The Orange and Alexandria Railroad is the means of supply for the Army of the Potomac. The supplies passing over it keep that army alive. The safety of the road, its material, and what it transports should be to the troops assigned for its protection a sacred duty.

2. Each division commander will himself travel over, or cause a

---------------

*Inclosures not found; but see Devereux to Ingalls, p. 377.

---------------

