
competent staff officer to travel, the portion of the railroad in his charge at least once a week; ascertain, by personal inquiry, all irregularities that have occurred, either in the detention of trains, the loss of property, neglect of guards, or otherwise. Immediate steps will be taken by the division general to bring to trial all officers and men who have failed in their duty in any one particular. Complaints from conductors of trains and officers of the provost-marshal-general's department will be referred to them for settlement. Reports will be made to these headquarters the day succeeding this inspection, giving all the information necessary for the guidance of the corps commander.

3. The corps commander will hold the division commanders strictly responsible for all neglects taking place on that portion of the railroad within the limits of their command.

4. The commanding officers of the Eleventh U. S. Infantry and the Eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers will be held responsible that their officers and men perform their duty on the trains as soldiers. Sentinels on the cars and along the railroad will be instructed to fire upon and kill, if possible, any and all persons attempting to steal property from the trains.

5. Troops are placed along the railroad with the object of protecting that road and everything belonging to it; not only protecting it from the depredations of the enemy, but watching over its cars, tanks, materials of construction, bridges, culverts, iron, &amp;c. All other considerations are secondary. The orders of the major-general commanding, of December 3, 1863, should have made this circular unnecessary.

6. The military superintendent of the railroad will be instructed to report promptly to these headquarters any neglects, depredations, or other irregularities that may take place on the road.

7. This circular will be read at the head of every regiment and detachment in the corps.

By command of Major-General Sykes:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,January 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT:

It is reported that the troops around Orange Court-House are moving toward the river and that the enemy's cavalry pickets are this side of the river. The major-general commanding directs that you will gain all the information you can of the enemy's movements and have your command in hand for any emergency, and forward all the information you can gain.

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.

MITCHELL'S, January 18, 1864.

Captain BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on the picket-line. The firing of the enemy of Somerville Ford has ceased. Signal lights seen about 10 p. m. across the

