HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA.,Martinsburg, Va., January 18, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: On the afternoon of the 5th instant I was informed by some citizens of this place that William Dooly, a loyal citizen of Winchester, while at church on the Sunday preceding, had been seized by certain persons supposed to belong to the rebel army, and after being maltreated and threatened, had been forcibly carried off. On the following day, 16th instant, I dispatched 50 men of the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, under command of Lieutenant Lewis, so Winchester with orders to demand of the town authorities of Winchester the return of Dooly to his family, and to inform them that they would be held personally responsible for his abduction. Lieutenant Lewis returned yesterday morning, and reports that he called on the acting mayor, who [sic], and also Mr. P. Williams, one of the town council and a very influential citizen. These gentlemen protested against being held responsible for an action which they disapproved but could not prevent, but promised to exert themselves to have Dooly returned. I report these facts for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

Lieutenant Lewis reports that he found some 10 men of the enemy's cavalry in Winchester, but they escaped by a back street. It is believed that the men who seized Dooly belonged to Gilmor's command, and were under the immediate command of a Lieutenant Gilmor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, January 18, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel MULLIGAN, New Creek:

A telegram just received from General Sullivan advises me that 350 cavalry left Mount Jackson for Moorefield on Friday last. Be on the alert for them. Advise Thoburn at once.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Creek, W. Va., January 18, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Thoburn, commanding Second Brigade, reports that on the 15th instant a small squad of the Washington Cavalry had a skirmish with McNeill's company near the Moorefield Gap. The enemy were routed, losing 1 killed, 1 wounded, and 2 captured. We also captured 3 of their horses and full set of arms and accouterments. Our loss was nothing. The supply train for Petersburg arrived safely, though it was reported Gilmor's battalion was on the Patterson's Creek Mountains, only deterred from attacking by the strength of the guard.

I am, captain, faithfully,

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.

