
A moving force of 60,000 men would probably be required to start on such an expedition. This force would not have to be increased unless Lee should withdraw from his present position. In that case the necessity for so large a force on the Potomac would not exist. A force moving from Suffolk would destroy first all the roads about Weldon, or even as far north as Hicksford. From Weldon to Raleigh they would scarcely meet with serious opposition. Once there, the most interior line of railway still left to the enemy, in fact the only one they would then have, would be so threatened as to force him to use a large portion of his army in guarding it. This would virtually force an evacuation of Virginia and indirectly of East Tennessee. It would throw our armies into new fields, where they could partially live upon the country and would reduce the stores of the enemy. It would cause thousands of the North Carolina troops to desert and return to their homes. It would give us possession of many negroes who are now indirectly aiding the rebellion. It would draw the enemy from campaigns of their own choosing, and for which they are prepared, to new lines of operations never expected to become necessary. It would effectually blockade Wilmington, the port now of more value to the enemy than all the balance of their sea-coast. It would enable operations to commence at once by removing the war to a more southern climate, instead of months of inactivity in winter quarters. Other advantages might be cited which would be likely to grow out of this plan, but these are enough. From your better opportunities of studying he country and the armies that would be involved in this plan, you will be better able to judge of the practicability of it than I possibly can. I have written this in accordance with what I understand to be an invitation from you to express my views about military operations, and not to insist that any plan of mine should be carried out. Whatever course is agreed upon, I shall always believe is at least intended for the best, and until fully tested will hope to have it prove so.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,January 19, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: If the interests of the service will admit, I have the honor to request that Wheaton's brigade, Sixth Corps, now at Harper's Ferry, may be ordered to join its corps. I make this request principally to obviate a difficulty arising from some commanding officers of regiments promising their men furloughs at once instead of waiting the return of those now gone, in compliance with the commanding general's orders. If this brigade could be sent back, it would permit some 300 or 400 men who have re-enlisted and now waiting to take their furloughs immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

