HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,January 19, 1864.

Colonel C. R. SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I most respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding Cavalry Corps to the situation of the regiment (Second Pennsylvania Cavalry) now camped near Bealeton. The order directing the recent movement of the Second Brigade of this division to its present position directed that it should picket toward Morrisville, so as to give warning of the approach of an enemy from that direction. The Second Pennsylvania Cavalry was placed in camp on the road leading from Bealeton to Morrisville, and about three-fourths of a mile from the former place. The infantry which had been camped in the vicinity had been removed, but it was thought only temporarily, as a battery remained. The officer commanding the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry reports the battery withdraw to the north side of the railroad, and that no troops are on the south side of the railroad in his vicinity. Thus situated, the duties of the regiment are severe, having to perform the required picket duty, to maintain unusually strong guards for the protection of his own camp (which has been fired into at night), and to have a considerable portion of his horses constantly saddled, because of no support being near, and because the regiment from its position is made responsible for the safety of the railroad at Bealeton. Owing to the reported presence of two regiments of cavalry at Stafford and in that vicinity, the regiment at Bealeton is always liable to attack from a superior force; if such should be made, no support being near at hand, much injury might be inflicted by the enemy. The duty at Bealeton being more than is required here of a regiment, I would suggest that the regiment there should be changed every three days. This is objectionable, because it would involve a regiment marching 10 miles over bad roads to reach the line to be picketed,and much inconvenience would result from leaving material in camp here. If a cavalry force is required at Bealeton simply to picket and give notice to the troops guarding the railroad of the approach of a force of the enemy, I would consider 100 men sufficient for such duty, and these might be changed every three days. If an entire regiment of cavalry is required, I would ask that a supporting force be so placed with reference to the camp of this regiment on the south side of the railroad that it may not have more responsibility and more duty to perform than was intended or should be expected of a regiment whose first object at this season should be the care of its horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Cavalry Division.

NORFOLK, VA., January 19, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER,

(Care Secretary of War):

There is a rumor by flag of truce arrived to-day that rebels are evacuating Richmond. I am ready for any orders you may send.

WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

