
WASHINGTON, D. C.,

January 20, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE, or

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Army of the Potomac:

Two deserters, who left Lee's army at different times in the early part of the month, report the number of rations daily issued at 45,000, and number of effective men at 38,000, exclusive of 11,000 in the Shenandoah Valley under Early, Fitz. Lee, Rosser, and Imboden. There can be very little doubt that one division of Ewell's corps and nearly all of Sam. Jones' force are with Longstreet. General B. F. Butler reports that a considerable force has passed through Richmond within a week, a part taking the North Carolina railroad and a part the Lynchburg road.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 20, 1864-9 p. m. (Received 9. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Your dispatch of this date in relation to the strength of Lee's army received. Three deserters from Anderson's division came in this morning, and report that there has been no movement of troops in Lee's army since about December 27, when a portion of Anderson's division marched toward Goldsborough, under Early. A party of fugitive negroes came in to-day from the enemy's lines, and also report no recent movement of troops.

JNO. SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

PONY MOUNTAIN, January 20, 1864-1 p. m.

Captain DAVIS:

New camps discovered on the north side of Clark's Mountain; also small one south-southeast from here and near Orange Court-House. No other changes observed.

PAINE.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,January 20, 1864.

Colonel C. H. SMITH,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send a party of 75 men to Auburn and in that vicinity, where it is reported there are parties of guerrillas. All the houses in the vicinity will be carefully searched, particularly Mr. Murray's. The party should leave your camp about 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, and be commanded by an officer who will perform this duty in a proper manner. You will instruct the officer sent in command to compel the search to be made without injury to persons or property. Let the country be well scouted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. ARROWSMITH,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

