
FORT MONROE, VA., January 20, 1864.

(Received 4. 15 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER,

(Care Secretary of War):

Telegram received. A small cavalry force, under discreet officers, instructed not to ask direct questions, but to exhibit anxiety for capture of horses and negroes, went out last night. They were directed, after passing New Kent, to incline toward the White House, if they decided to go farther at all, my care being identical with that expressed in your telegram.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

GARNETT' MOUNTAIN, January 21, 1864.

CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

The artillery camp at Rapidan railroad bridge has moved, taking the two guns at the bridge and the two guns farther up the river. No charge otherwise.

WIGGINS and CAMP.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Rappahannock Station, Va., January 21, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: My headquarters are besieges by citizens representing themselves as without the means of support. The number increases from day to day. The district of country north of the Rappahannock from Hartwood Church to Fayetteville is a desert, and the inhabitants come to me for bread. I have made issues of a few days at a time in conformity with existing orders, but the labor is becoming so onerous that I cannot continue it. I cannot picket the country from Bull Run to the Rappahannock on both sides of the railroad, therefore these people (women and children) get within the limits of my command. Either the people must starve, if kept out of the camp, or one of the Treasury agents must be sent to register the inhabitants and take measures to feed them.

Common humanity requires that they should be fed, especially as they have lost all they possessed, by the Federal Army. I wish to know distinctly whether it is the intention of the major-general commanding this army to have these citizens kept out under any and all circumstances. Being outside, of course they cannot obtain passes to come inside the pickets, and therefore the "proper authority" mentioned in your letter of the 13th instant has no existence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding Fifth Corps.

