
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,January 23, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

General Orders, Numbers 11, of February 11, 1863, is the only guide for the issue or sale of subsistence stores to citizens. * From an indorsement of Major-General Meade's, some six or seven weeks ago, I learned that application had been made to the War Department for some modification of the order, but on a recent visit to the War Department I learned unofficially that there was little probability of any change in this order. The trade agents of the Treasury Department are only authorized to furnish limited supplies t parties who can make payment therefor, on orders approved at this office. No provision whatever is made by the Treasury for any others, and from a recent interview with Mr. Secretary Chase and other gentlemen in office I am led to believe that no action will be had in the premises officially.

M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Potomac.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 27, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the commanding officer of the Fifth Corps.

The following are the rules that must govern in the sale or issue of subsistence to the citizens of this country:

First. All persons who have the means to purchase stores must send their orders for the same to the provost-marshal-general of this army, or to the trade agent of the Treasury Department in Washington.

Second. In the cases of destitute citizens living within the region of country occupied by the Fifth Corps, paragraph 4 of General Orders, Numbers 11, of 1863, from these headquarters, will be taken as the guide, except that the issues may be made on returns approved by the corps commander. The parties must take the oath of allegiance in all cases.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division, Warrenton:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires me to say that he starts on a twenty-day leave to-morrow morning, and directs that you assume command of the Cavalry Corps during this absence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Vol. XXV, Part II, p. 66.

---------------

