
tenant-Colonel Fitz Simmons, of General Sullivan's command, near Springfield, W. Va. I requested them to move at once in pursuit of the enemy.

In the mean time my cavalry had come up with the rear of the enemy's retreating column, who had camped within 4 miles of the junction. At 1 p. m. Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson's command (600 strong) arrived at the junction. Lieutenant-Colonel Fitz Simmons with 1,100 cavalry was reported on the way. I at once moved forward with Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, the Fourteenth West Virginia, Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves, and Carlin's battery being directed to follow. At Purgitsville I was overtaken by Colonel James A. Mulligan, commanding division. I then returned to the infantry, and went into camp on William Taylor's farm.

February 4, at 7. 30 a. m. I received orders to move forward as rapidly as possible. At Oldfields, the enemy having fallen back from vicinity of Moorefield, I received orders to halt and hold my command in readiness to return to New Creek.

February 5, at 6. 30 a. m., the column moved and reached Burlington at 4 p. m. and camped for the night.

February 6, the Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry was directed to remain at Burlington, and with the remainder of the command I moved to this place.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. THOBURN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant M. J. RUSSELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Colonel Joseph Snider, Fourth West Virginia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH WEST VIRGINIA CAVALRY,New Creek, W. Va., February 9, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your orders I started in command of the escort to supply train for the garrison at Petersburg on Friday, January 29, 1864.

On the next morning I received dispatch from Colonel Thoburn requesting me to hurry up the train, stating also that the Twenty-third Illinois Regiment was at the Moorefield Junction. Later in the day couriers came back with request from Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk to push forward the train. The train was moved forward with all possible speed, and proceeded unmolested until we arrived at Medley, 2 1/2 miles below the Moorefield Junction, when I met Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk, commanding Twenty-third Illinois, falling back before the advance of the enemy. Being the ranking officer present, I assumed command of the forces, and immediately formed line of battle on the right of the road, the Twenty-third Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk, occupying the left, a detachment of the Second Maryland the center, four companies of the Fourth West Virginia Cavalry occupying the right. Two companies of the Fourth were placed in position on our right flank; also a detachment of the Ringgold Battalion, Lieutenant Speer, to prevent, if possible, a flank movement by the enemy, which I plainly saw was their object. Two companies of the Fourth were ordered to take position on our left flank, to prevent a similar movement by the enemy; and

