
report that I broke camp at Craney Island on the 17th instant and proceeded to Drummondtown, Va., and relieved the First Maryland [Eastern Shore] Infantry there on duty. I have furthermore sent detachments of men properly officered to relieve portions of the aforesaid regiment stationed at Cherrystone and Chincoteague Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. POWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,January 22, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

One of my patrols, numbering about 30 men, was attacked this a. m., by about 50 rebels. One man killed and 2 wounded. Particulars will be sent as soon as obtained.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,January 23, 1864.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions just received from the brigadier-general commanding division, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Lieutenant Munson, Fifth New York Cavalry, with 30 men of same regiment, left the reserve near Southard's Cross-Roads at 2. 30 p. m. yesterday, to patrol to Ellis' Ford. When within short distance of the ford and in dense pine woods they were suddenly fired upon from near and both sides of the road by from 60 to 70 dismounted men, most of them wearing the United States blue overcoats. Wheeling about, Lieutenant Munson with his men charged, repulsing the enemy instantly and putting him to flight through the woods. Several of the rebels were wounded. We had 1 man killed and 4 wounded, besides 3 horses killed.

Further pursuit was impossible on account of the thickness of the woods.

Very respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,January 23, 1864-8. 30-a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

All quiet along my lines this morning. My patrol attacked yesterday succeeded in repulsing the enemy. Our loss, 1 killed and 4 wounded.

G. A. CUSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

