
Regiment Mounted Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Second Regiment Virginia Cavalry Volunteers, four companies Third Virginia Cavalry, two companies First Virginia Cavalry, and Simmonds' battery. Three companies of the Third Virginia Cavalry are detached from this command; also two companies of the First Virginia Cavalry and one of the Second Virginia Cavalry, which companies, when my command moves, remain at the different places where they are detached. The consequences are that my command is somewhat weak; more than this, those companies are never drilled, and discipline is unknown to them. This is the consequence of all detachments far away from their commands. In assuming command in the valley it was understood that I was unable to use them for fear of disgrace. Now those companies have been drilled and disciplined by me in person, and are now able to make good service. The numerous detachments and parties that I am obliged to furnish every day oblige me to beg for some more cavalry for next spring. The circumstances which oblige me to apply for more cavalry are the following:

First, being weak, as mentioned above; second, to have constantly on hand a cavalry well drilled and well disciplined, without being obliged to rely on the different detachments to join me or the different parties sent out in case of attack, which case the concentration will be too long, and in case also that my enemy being concentration will be too long, and in case also that my enemy being enterprising I would have to share a disaster, which sometimes brings shame on the commanding officer; third, the part of the country which I occupy with my command requires a great vigilance from the cavalry service, the enemy being able to make at any time some raids, which raids, if I want to capture the enemy, requires me to send on all the roads my cavalry to intercept the marauders; fourth, to protect the property of loyal citizens against guerrilla parties, which are frequent, and which parties generally succeed for the want of cavalry in this department.

Hoping that this statement shall be taken in full consideration, I hope that the proper authorities will see that I be provided with some more cavalry for next spring.

My artillery is well supplied with horses, but the caissons and carriages, having been in the service for nearly three years, are completely worn out. Inspection reports have been sent in for nearly one month, and no reply to them, for what is to be done. As it is very important that my artillery be placed for action without delay, I beg that the proper course be taken at once.

Requisitions and communications are generally promptly done in my command, but I must confess that the neglect lies somewhere; for instance, some communications have been sent by me since two months, and yet no answer received. Requisitions have been sent in for months, and it seems to me that it is impossible to get them filled up. Requisitions have been sent by the Second Virginia Cavalry for ammunition near two months since, and this regiment to-day is unfit for duty, having not a single cartridge since its return from Lewisburg. This ought to be corrected at once; only think of the consequences.

The transportation is very poor. This command is provided with, generally, old wagons, which have been used since the spring of the

