
actual war, and no new ones can be supplied to us; why, I do not know. The two expeditions made against Lewisburg have shown plainly how worthless the means of transportation are. Old wagons ought not to be repaired when they are too old; from these come the deficiency of our transportation.

General, I want you to understand that I do not blame any one, but it is my duty as a soldier and as a general officer to make such a statement, which statement I hope will be taken in consideration.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

A. N. DUFFIE,

General, Commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., January 23, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 19th instant, requesting a report in round numbers of the strength and present position of the troops in this department, with what forces can be spared to send on an expedition out of the department, and in reply to inclose in tabular form a report of the exact condition of this command. * The Ninth and Tenth Regiments Maryland Volunteer Infantry, First Battalion Delaware Volunteer Cavalry, and the Baltimore Battery Light Artillery, and Battery H, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, can be spared from this command; but the Ninth and Tenth Maryland Volunteers would be of no service on an expedition out of this department, as their term of service expires, respectively, February 13 and January 29, 1864.

The Third Regiment Delaware Volunteer Infantry and the Third Regiment Potomac Home Brigade, Maryland Volunteer Infantry, are guarding the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, main stem and Washington Branch, from Annapolis Junction to the Monocacy, the western limit of this department, and can only be taken from the line of the road at the risk of leaving it without guards.

The Purnell Legion, Maryland Volunteer Infantry, is scattered in companies along the Lower Potomac, and through the disaffected counties of the Western Shore, to restrict blockade-running and catch deserters from the Army of the Potomac. From my thorough acquaintance with that section of the country, I am convinced that the presence of this regiment cannot be dispensed with.

The defenses of Baltimore-Forts McHenry, Federal Hill, Marshall, and Numbers 1, at the head of West Baltimore street, and Fort dix, at the Relay House-are garrisoned by the Second Separate Brigade.

The Fifth and Eighth New York Heavy Artillery cannot be spared from this command, as they are the only regiments I have drilled at heavy guns, and the other regiment of this brigade, the Tenth Maryland Volunteer Infantry, will be mustered out of service on the 29th instant. The Fifth and Eighth are receiving recruits from New York quite rapidly, and will require the winter months to drill and discipline them for active service.

I respectfully invite your attention to the inclosed tabular report,

---------------

*Inclosure not found.

---------------

