
showing the exact duty which each regiment and detachment of this command is performing, with the information that the exigencies of the public service forbid my recommending their removal or transfer.

I beg in conclusion to state that the delay in sending this report has occasioned me much mortification, but was unavoidable, owing to the regiments within this command having lately received recruits from their respective States not heretofore reported to these headquarters, and I was desirous of sending as correct and full a report of the condition of the command as could be made.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY H. LOCKWOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, January 23, 1864.

(Received 3. 35 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A table servant of Jeff. Davis has come within our lines. I have examined him and think him truthful and reliable, and his information of sufficient consequence to send him to you. He reports, and I believe him, the rebel Vice-President having fled to Europe without the knowledge of Davis. The boy's name is James Pemberton. I send by mail minutes of a hurried examination.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 24, 1864-3 p. m. (Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The only information collected at these headquarters as yet respecting the movements of troops from Lee's army is the following: Corse's brigade, Pickett's division, is now near Longstreet and undoubtedly under his command. Barton's and Hunton's brigades, of Pickett's division, formerly Armistead's and Garnett's brigades, passed through Petersburg on the 14th instant on their way to North Carolina, to guard against a movement from General Butler, it was said.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

PONY MOUNTAIN, January 24, 1864-12 m.

Captain DAVIS,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

A large column of smoke seen between 9 and 11 this a. m. at northern base of Fox Mountain. Could discover no troops in that vicinity.

PAINE.

