SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 14. Cumberland, Md., January 24, 1864.

* * * * *

4. It appearing that numbers of persons, refugees from States in rebellion, arrive daily at the stations of New Creek and Petersburg, W. Va., in a miserably destitute and suffering condition, and that issues of subsistence stores to such persons are absolutely necessary, and as from the nature of the case it is impossible to provide in orders from these headquarters how many rations shall be issued per day, it is directed, in pursuance of authority from the honorable Secretary of War, under date of April 22, 1863, that Colonel James A. Milligan, commanding Second Division, cause such issue to be made to all destitute persons so arriving as will afford them the necessary relief, the issued to exceed in no case one ration per day to each person so arriving, and to continue during such time as it may be necessary for them to remain at the aforesaid stations.

By order of Brigadier General B. F. Kelley:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Martinsburg, W. Va., January 24, 1864.

Captain W. M. BOONE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Dept. of West Virginia:

On the 22nd instant I dispatched Captain Shawhan, One hundred and twenty-third Ohio Volunteers, with a party of cavalry and infantry, to Winchester, for the purpose of bringing back a small quantity of wool, the property of Mr. A. H. Griffith, the circumstances attending which have already been reported. Captain Shawhan was also instructed to arrest and bring to these headquarters two of the most prominent citizens of Winchester, in retaliation for the abduction of William Dooly by persons apparently acting by the authority of the rebel Government. Captain Shawhan returned with the wool and the Rev. A. H. H. Boyd; most of the other citizens of any prominence were either unfortunately absent from [home] or in such a delicate state of health that they were permitted to remain. Dr. Boyd is fortunately in good health, and his arrest has caused apparently some anxiety for the fate of William Dooly. I understand he is a gentleman of great influence and respectability, and has exerted himself in several instances in behalf of Union men in trouble, particularly in the case of Mr. G. W. Ginn, and Mr. Frank Meredith and others. I therefore forward the inclosed application* for the consideration of the brigadier-general commanding.

Dr. Boyd is here in arrest, but at the request of Union men he is on parole in his quarters at a private house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

