
the two remaining companies of the Fourth were placed in rear of the center, to be used as the exigencies of the engagement might demand. I had scarcely got my command in position when the enemy opened upon us with two pieces of artillery, their infantry advancing at the same time, which was met by a galling fire from my fronto, and caused them to fall back. Thrice they attempted the same thing with the same results.

During the engagement in front the enemy was extending their flanks, either of which line-front, right, or left-was longer than my entire command. At this crisis I ordered the train to be turned and started back, but to my great mortification two of the train-masters had fled and all the teamsters with few exceptions.

The position of my command was becoming perilous. I discovered that the train must be abandoned in order to save my command from capture. I then ordered my men to fall back to an elevation, where we reformed line of battle, giving the enemy in their designs as long as it was possible for my little command to do so, having fought against great odds for one hour and twenty minutes, to save my command from capture I was compelled to order a retreat, which I did, my command leaving the field slowly and in line of battle.

My entire loss, killed, wounded, and missing, is as follows: Major N. Goff, jr., Fourth West Virginia Cavalry, captured (horse shot, fell on his leg, could not extricate himself); Lieutenant Elliott, slightly wounded. Privates killed, 5; wounded, 34; missing, 35. I am confident the enemy's loss was much greater than ours. From information received since the engagement I am justified in saying that the rebel force consisted of Rosser's command of Early's corps, with five pieces of artillery.

A large proportion of the officers and men behaved admirably. It would be invidious to make distinctions, but I cannot omit to mention the name of Captain Pease, of your staff, who rendered me such valuable assistance during the entire engagement. I especially recommend him for favorable consideration.

My report having been delayed for days waiting for report of the extent of loss in horses, mules, and wagons, and not yet received, I have thought it prudent to send in this report without it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JO. SNIDER,

Colonel 4th W. Va. Cav., Commanding Escort to Supply Train.

Colonel JAMES A. MULLIGAN,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Francis W. Thompson, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry.
HDQRS. SIXTH Regiment WEST VIRGINIA VOL. CAV.,Martinsburg, W. Va., February 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the march of detachments of the Fifth and Sixth West Virginia Cavalry and three guns of Ewing's battery from Martinsburg to Moorefield and return.

On the morning of the 31st day of January I received orders from

