
was even astonishing. The bridges here, of a length of 1,300 feet, were soon laid complete in 20 to 25 minutes by the men of some previous expedience, though soon after when the raw recruits were added to the command and joined in the drill I found the time protracted to an hour or more, even by the same method of laying the bridges.

At this post, after its occupation for more than two years past as the depot for repairs and drills, I am now erecting barracks for 900 men (or about one-fourth of the organization of my two regiments), about the number that might ordinarily be found, except in the active season, requiring instructions in pontoniering, for which this position is admirably adapted in every respect. And I would respectfully suggest for your consideration the propriety of this position being made the depot of instruction of pontoniers, for all the armies.

I may add in justice to myself that I do not make this suggestion with the desire of continuing here as the commandant of this depot, for though ready to obey any order given me or do any duty I shall never desire to have any position, whatever its rank, emolument, or power, while the command of a fighting corps at the front could be obtained.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]*
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 50TH NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS,Rappahannock Station, Va., December 12, 1863.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

MAJOR: I have now in the field a bridge train of forty pontoons (French bateaux), and perhaps I can best comply with your request that "I should give my views upon the matters contained in Mr. Trowbridge's letter to General Totten" by giving in tabular form a detailed statement of the organization of this train.

At present this train is divided into four sections,or four independent trains of ten boats each, each complete of itself, and a fifth train containing intrenching tools, quartermaster's and commissary stores, &amp;c., and a small amount of surplus and reserve bridge material. The following is the arrangement of these trains:

Wagons.

 	 	 8-	 6-	 4-	 Anim

 	 	 mu	 mul	 hors	 als.

 	 	 le	 e	 e

Kind of loads. 	 	 Kind. 	 te	 tea	 team

 Numb	 	 am	 ms.	 s.

 ers 	 	 s

Train Numbers 1.

Boat, long balks,	 10	 Pontoon.	 12

anchor, cable, oars,&c.

Abutment sills, claw-	 1	 Pontoon.	 12	 -	 -	 96

balks, rammers, &c.

Long balks (16), 1	 1	 Pontoon.	 12

anchor, 1 cable

Chess (60 each)	 4	 Chess. 	 -

Quartermaster's baggage	 1	 Army. 	 -

and stores

Officers' and company

baggage, rations,	 1	 Army. 	 -	 15	 ---	 90

company tool-chest.

Teamsters' baggage, and	 1	 Army	 -

picket-ropes

Forage	 1	 Army	 -

Traveling forge	 1	 Forge	 -

Total in train Numbers 	 21

-----

12	 15	 -	 186

1.

---------------

*The foot-notes to inclosures Nos. 1,2, and 3 are entered in the margin of the originals by General Benham.

---------------

