
Load of chess-wagon: 60 chess to each wagon, set edgewise with the notch against the hind bolster, and a cross-bar between the two tiers, bound with a spring-line.

Load of cordage-wagon: 12 coil 1-inch rope for lashings, 4 coils 3-inch rope, 25 pounds cotton, small quantity of paint and oil, 2 dozen, rubber buckets, 2 dozen tin lanterns, 1 box candles, 2 sets blocks and falls.

Load of tool-wagon: 200 axes, 150 shovels, 75 picks, 100 hatchets, 6 cross-cut saws, 6 bars, 4 broad-axes, 4 adzes, 2 casks 6-inch spikes, 2 casks twelve-penny nails, and 2 casks eight-penny nails.

These trains will make four bridges of 220 feet each, two of 420 each, one of 820, feet, or by adding material from the reserve train they are divisible into five equal or unequal trains making 900 feet of bridging, as in the late move across the Rapidan.

Experience has demonstrated the utility of several modifications made in bridge material and train wagons, and some others night with propriety be added. The anchor is suspended under each pontoon wagon by hooks and chains placed as far forward as practicable, thus by so much weight relieving the hind wheels, which are overloaded. a Whiffletrees have been attached to the pontoon wagons in place of the solid cross-bar, thus in a measure relieving the wheel mules. a In the pontoons which I have now in the field, I have had lockers made in the sterns, secured by hasps and padlocks, in which are placed lashings and tools as hereinbefore specified. b I have also had blocks, 2 1/2 inches thick, spiked on the under side of the balk near the ends, 5 1/2 inches apart, to act as claws, clasping the gunwale of the boat, to obviate the tendency of the balks to slide off the boats in the direction of the greatest travel, and to facilitate operations in building the bridges. a

One small carpenter's tool-chest in invoiced to the commandant of each company of engineer troops engaged in the pontoon trains in the field, and one company is assigned to the care and maintenance of each section or train of ten boats. a With his tool-chest and the contents of the boat-lockers, the commandant of each train has the means of repairs and renewals of his train, as also the roads, and he is held responsible for the condition of his train, for its movement on the march, and for the rapid construction of his bridge when ordered.

One lieutenant, as acting quartermaster, has charge of the transportation department of trains Nos. 1 and 2, and another lieutenant, as acting quartermaster, of trains Nos. 3,4, and 5.

The Birago trestle has proved such a fruitful source of annoyance, is so uncertain, and so liable to failure at critical moments, that I have ceased to take any portion of it in the field, except claw-balks for abutment spans, unless ordered to do so, and even for these it might be better to use common balks with claws put in the ends. c

The harness furnished us (the army style for quartermaster's wagons) is not suited to our service, and is often the cause of delay and trouble in the movement of trains; neither would light artillery harness answer, as there is too much weight upon the forward

a Approved.

b Approved; but the lockers should not rise above the cross-braces.

c It is believed that both this trestle and these claw-balks proper can be advantageously dispensed with.

27 R R-VOL XXXIII

