
wheels of our wagons for the safety of the wheel mules with this kind of harness. A modification of the heavy artillery style of harness, with leather instead of chain traces, suited for the use of mules and arranged so that 1 man could drive 6-mule and 2 men 8-mule teams, would be a great improvement upon our present harness. Reform in this respect is very much needed. a

Instruments are not indispensable in the management of pontoon trains in the field. A pocket-compass and tape-line are sufficient for measuring approximately the width of streams to be bridged. a Engineer officers in charge of pontoon trains are, however, often detailed upon surveys and other engineers' duty, and it may therefore be advisable to furnish each detachment in charge of bridge trains with one good transit or goniometer, 1 chain of 100 feet, and 1 small case of drawing instruments, all securely packed. a

By having three days' rations carried in the men's haversacks, five days' in the company wagons, and seven days' in the commissary wagons, the transportation shown in the preceding table is sufficient to transport fifteen days' rations for the men and ten days' forage for the animals. Pontoon trains in the field require constant labor in repairs and renewals. Pontoon trains in the field require constant labor in repairs and renewals. Trains sent any great distance from where they are made up, however perfect they may be on the start, should have a field depot as near as practicable to the scene of operations, for repairing old and keeping on hand and supplying new material.

It is in my judgment doubtful if any arbitrary rule can be established for making up pontoon trains. They must necessarily often be varied in their character and composition, to suit the character of the country and the nature of the service required. The wooden pontoon (French bateaux) is undoubtedly all that is claimed for it by the French, and under most circumstances I should give it the preference over all others I have seen. It is very heavy, however, and difficult to transport over bad roads. It cannot be carried by men for any distance without excessive fatigue, and when it is desired to place boats in the water without giving the alarm to the enemy. b On such occasions a few canvas pontoons would be invaluable. One of these boats is easily carried for miles on the shoulders of 8 men, and when taken to pieces can be carried over mountains and by difficult by-paths. On several occasions heretofore a few of these boats would have contributed greatly to the success that about four canvas pontoons be added to each train of twenty, thirty, or forty French pontoons in the field. Four of these boats with no other material than the oars, boat-hooks, and 1-inch boards for covering the bottoms for men to stand on, could be carried in one wagon. c

Very respectfully,

I. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant Colonel 50th N. Y. Vol. Engrs., Commanding Pontoon Trains.

a Approved.

b While I think the wooden boats too heavy except for bridges of some permanence, and I decidedly give the preference to the canvas pontoons, especially for rapid movements, as requiring, with light or moderate loads in all cases only two-thirds the number of animals, I do not think the few canvas boats to the wooden train expedient for the purpose indicated, as when resistance is expected troops should be thrown over in heavy masses, requiring all the boats available.

c In my opinion this would require two wagons.

