
Colonel John H. Oley, commanding the Fourth Division, Department of West Virginia, to take command of a detachments of 240 men of the Sixth West Virginia Cavalry and 170 of the Fifth West Virginia Cavalry, and proceed to Winchester, there to join forces from Harper's Ferry and receive orders from General Sullivan as to further movements. I arrived at Winchester about 9 p. m. received orders from General Sullivan to march immediately to Cedar Creek, and at daylight to occupy Strasburg, which was done promptly, after driving about 16 rebel pickets from Cedar Creek; then we marched to Wardensville, the senior officer taking command, to push the enemy vigorously and recapture the train taken near Burlington.

On arriving at Hoff Gate I received orders to march by the nearest practicable route to Romney, as the enemy were at Green Spring. We marched until 2 a. m. stopped to feed 7 miles west of Winchester, on the Northwestern road; started at 7 a. m. arrived at Romney 2 a. m., joining Lieutenant-Colonel Fitz Simmons, in command of troops from Harper's Ferry, comprising about 1,250 men and three pieces of artillery. Colonel Fitz Simmons was sent to the Wire Bridge over the South Branch of the Potomac 7 miles below Romney, with about 900 men and three pieces of artillery, to hold the bridge and send a heavy advance toward Green Spring to find the course the enemy would take. At this time the rebels were holding Mechanicsburg Gap, 2 miles from Romney, on the Northwestern road. The gap was held by infantry from General Early's command. Learning that Rosser had passed up the South Branch Valley between Romney and New Creek, I started the command on the Northwestern pike to join Colonel Thoburn's command, which I was informed was at the junction of Moorefield and Northwestern pikes, 7 miles from Romney. I arrived there at 2 p. m. joined Colonel Mulligan, who assumed command and marched up the valley above Moorefield, returning to the junction of the pike with the Northwestern road. Received verbal orders from Colonel Mulligan to only report up to the time I joined his command and after I left it arrived 4 1/2 miles east of Romney, encamped for the night; then marched to within 2 miles of Winchester, encamped for the night; arrived at Martinsburg. No casualties to report.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. THOMPSON

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Sixth Regiment W. Va. Vol. Cav.

Captain WILL RUMSEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, February 6, 1864.

On the 30th ultimo General Rosser captured a train of 93 wagons loaded with commissary stores and forage, on way from New Creek to Petersburg, 300 mules, 20 prisoners. The guard of 800 infantry escaped to the mountains. Our loss, 25 killed and wounded. Information of the advance upon the Petersburg having been received, the garrison evacuated it during the night. On the 2nd Rosser destroyed the bridges over. Patterson's Creek and North Branch of Potomac

