
is so much useless weight to transport. I would therefore recommend a uniform weight of 110 pounds. a

Oars and boat-hooks of all lengths and sizes have been provided. I think oars of 16 feet and boat-hooks of 7 or 8 feet lengths are best adapted to our wants. b

Lashings: As between balk and side-rail, so between rack and balk lashings. A balk lashing will readily answer for a side-rail, while a rack lashing cannot be used for balk, and the confusion and delay arising from constantly getting them mixed is far more than an off set to any possibly advantage derived from different lengths and sizes. After carefully experimenting and trying them in actual service we have adopted a uniform size and length for both purposes, and make them of manilla rope 3/8-inch diameter and 18 feet long, single. b This is a balk lashing, and doubled twice it makes a far better rack lashing than anything heretofore furnished. We splice an eye in one end and wind the other.

Cables: These are seldom required over 150 feet in length, and a variation of more than from 130 to 160 feet is not required; when a longer cable is really needed the extra coils carried, will always supply it. Manilla rope of 1 inch diameter is large enough and strong enough. b

Spring-lines: I will venture the assertion that these have never been used during this war (in actual service) as the text requires, and I have never used them except to connect spare boats or bind on loads of chesses.

Rack-sticks, like many other articles, have varied in size, shape, and length. I have found that 2 feet in length and 1 1/4-inches diameter makes the best size for all practical purposes, and as a many sided stick is far better than a round one, and as they are never, as originally, tied to the bridge by a separate lashing, I cannot see the propriety of continuing to furnish turned sticks, with a hole and a cord in each end. b

Abutment sills: A plain stick of wood of the ordinary dimensions and not less than 16 feet in length answers every purpose; the sunken rings and staples are never used, and are of no practical utility. b

Trestles: The Birago trestle has failed in every instance where it has been used under my observation, and in very many others; it is totally unreliable without additional supports, and is a cumberous and useless addition to our already formidable trains. In two instances I have seen the cap break like a pipe-steam under the load of an ordinary army wagon. As a combination, or connecting link between the pontoon and the shore, I have never seen a case where it was absolutely required. The use of a pontoon fitted with a saddle does away with it entirely and the common or long balk may readily be fitted to take the place of the claw-balk by screwing or spiking in a claw made of pieces of plank, with an actual saving of weight if not a gain in strength.

Transportation: MR. Trowbridge does not allude to transportation for our train, from the fact, I presume, that it does not come within his department; but I cannot resist giving it an opinion, that from the first crossing at Fredericksburg to the present time, whatever blame is justly charged to the pontoon trains is owing entirely to the inefficient teams and cowardly drivers furnished us; mules that never

a One-half of 90 pounds; one-half of 120 pounds.

b Approved.

