
had a harness on, and drivers who never saw a mule, are provided at an hour's notice, and expected to propel promptly a bridge train that really requires the best animals and most intelligent drivers that can be procured. To obviate all this and make our trains equal at least to those of the commissary and quartermaster's departments, I would suggest the propriety of keeping on hand and in reserve teams enough for the ordinary requirements of a sizable bridge train; that they be carefully fitted with a harness that shall be a modification of the present artillery harness, provided with drivers intelligent and reliable, and be constantly and thoroughly drilled to their expected work. a From this reserve of efficient and well-drilled teams, trains already in the field could draw their supplies and in this way be kept up to the mark.

The fact that Mr. Trowbridge has continued to furnish bridge trains " according to the original schedule," account for the gradual accumulation at this depot of quantities of abutment sills, pit and cross-cut saws, pole-yokes, windlasses, ship anchors, and heavy hawser ropes, large enough (7-inch circumference) for a ship's cable. The last three articles are of no use at this depot, and of no value to any of our trains, and I would suggest the propriety of turning them over to the Navy Department where they might be made available.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. FORD,

Captain Co. A, 50th Regiment N. Y. Vol. Engrs., In Charge Eng. Depot.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded.

Captain Ford has had considerable experience with trains in the field and also in the depot for repairs at Washington. His observations are entitled to attentive consideration. He has gone so fully into the wants of a field train of pontoons that there is scarcely anything to add to his remarks. I fully concur with him as to the necessity of a more perfect and efficient system of transportation. To make the train proposed by Captain Ford more perfect, I would add to it a few instruments, say a prismatic compass, a small transit, a field-glass, and a small set of protracting and drawing instruments.

W. H. PETTES,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 25, 1864.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

I transmit the following telegram from General Sullivan for information of the General-in-Chief:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., January 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

Scouts up the valley to Woodstock returned. Report Early at Harrisonburg; Rosser, with Seventh, Eleventh, and Twelfth Virginia, and White's battalion, between New Market and Timberville; Imboden at Cross Keys. Major Quinn reports 9 prisoners.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

a Approved.

