HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, January 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland:

The scouts sent out by your orders have returned; they saw nothing nor could learn nothing.

HENRY N. HARRISON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF N. C., Numbers 12. New Berne, N. C., January 25, 1864.

During the absence of Major-General Peck, the undersigned assumes command of the District of North Carolina. All existing orders and regulations will remain in force until modified or revoked, and reports, returns, and communications will be addressed as hitherto to the several chiefs of staff departments.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Report exhibiting position of batteries and obstructions on approaches to Wilmington, as derived from observation and the examination of pilots, deserters, and others, &amp;c., by Charles K. Graham, brigadier-general of volunteers. *

Fort Caswell, situated on Oak Island, constructed many years previous to the rebellion, is an extensive granite work, which has been materially strengthened by mounting heavier guns, the addition of a water battery composed of earth, and long lines of rifle-pits. It is said to be the intention of the rebels to iron-plate it.

Sand Battery. -On Oak Island, to southward and westward of Fort Caswell; recently erected; strength unknown.

Sand Battery. -On Bald Head; strength unknown; four embrasures can be seen facing the sea; materially strengthened of late; the embankments and traverses are of unusual height and thickness.

Fort Johnson, at Smithville, 1 1/2 miles from Fort Caswell, is a strong earth-work, mounting some heavy English guns. At this place is the naval depot, Captain William T. Muse commanding.

Fort Fisher is located about half a mile from Federal Point, on the north side of New Inlet. It is a formidable work of earth, of extensive proportion, revetted with heavy timber, and having bomb-proofs sufficient to shelter 2,000 men. It mounts at least thirty guns-some say fifty-most of them facing toward New Inlet, but it likewise has some guns commanding the river, and others the road leading to Wilmington.

Mound Battery, or Martello Tower, is situated between Fort Fisher and Federal Point. It is said to be 60 feet high, and mounts two heavy guns.

Long lines of rifle-pits encompass Fort Fisher.

Fort Saint Philip is located at Old Brunswick, 13 miles distant from Fort Caswell, immediately on the banks of the river. It mounts

*Received Headquarters of the Army, January 25, 1864.

