
quite a number of guns of heavy caliber, reported as high as thirty.

Besides these prominent batteries are numerous earth-works thrown up on Oak Island, Smith's Island, and in the inlets to the northward and southward, where light batteries are worked, when our blockading vessels chase the blockade-runners in too close, or remain to reconnoiter.

Masonborough Inlet. -There is at this point a light battery of Whitworth guns, with a small infantry support-report says a regiment. The battery is shifted from point to point as its services are required. Our blockading squadron has been a good deal annoyed by it.

Obstructions. -Piles at one time were driven in the channel near Fort Caswell, but it is probable they have been allowed to be washed away since the other batteries have been erected. Portions of a barricade floated seaward last fall.

At Fort Saint Philip the river is narrow and the channel approaches within a few yards of the fort. It is piled all the way across except in one spot provided for the passage of vessels. The piles are armed with iron spikes, firmly bound together by chains, and kept from swagging with the current by heavy anchors. At night a chain is stretched across the opening. No vessels are allowed to pass upward bound before visited and examined. The quarantine is likewise at this point.

General Whiting commands the Southern Department of North Carolina, with headquarters at Wilmington. He is said to be an excellent officer, but very intemperate.

Brigadier-General Clingman commands at Wilmington three full regiments with light batteries.

Estimate of force. -One thousand men at Fort Caswell, and batteries on Oak Island and Bald Head Bluff, Colonel Hedrick commanding. One thousand men, including one company of cavalry, at Fort Fisher, Martello Tower, and Masonborough Inlet, Colonel Lamb commanding. Three regiments at Wilmington, under command of Brigadier-General Clingman.

Naval force. -Two iron rams, one only plated, mounting three guns each; considered unserviceable. One supply steamer, the Petit, plying between Forts Caswell and Fisher. One gun-boat, reported to be building under the direction of Captain William F. Lynch, between Wilmington and Fayetteville. Besides these vessels, a few schooners can be observed sailing up and down the river.

Blockade-runners. -Blockade-runners make land from 15 to 25 miles to the northward of New Inlet. By reason of their light color, exceeding lowness, the noiseless revolutions of their feathering paddles, light draught, and extreme speed, in many instances they evade our cruisers. When chased they invariably make for the shoal water, and, if likely to be captured, increase their head of steam, beach the vessel, and allow the engine to work until she is driven so high on the beach it is almost a work of impossibility to drag her off. One these occasions, as soon as the report of our guns are heard or the signals of the blockade-runners are observed, the light batteries of Whitworth guns are brought down and used. The night signals of the blockade-runners are frequently changed. The pilots are, in most cases, taken on board at Nassau. Frequently they are shareholders; in other instances they are paid by the round trip, as high as $3,000 being sometimes given for a successful run in and out.

