
complish the work can be raised very soon. In fact, I have never felt more confident in the beginning of any work than I would in beginning this, if the proper conditions are fulfilled.

The difficulty may present itself to you in view of the fact that the Department of North Carolina now forms a portion of General Butler's command. This need not affect your decision in the matter in the least, because I will gladly undertake the work under his direction, if it is deemed for the interest of the public service; or if deemed advisable, I would be willing to assist in organizing an expedition with the understanding that it is to be commanded by any other officer that the Department might designate. If you were to think it desirable, however, to again appoint me to the independent command of the Department of North Carolina, General Butler's command might be increased by attaching to it the Department of Maryland. No matter what your decision may be you may be sure that I will heartily acquiesce and co-operate in it.

My great anxiety to see this movement carried out, thereby establishing our forces upon the only two remaining lines of railroad communication between Virginia and the cotton States, has prompted me to write you this personal letter and send it by Major Van Buren, a member of my staff, who has my entire confidence, and to whom I beg you to give such answer as your own good judgment and the interest of the public service may dictate.

In addition to what I have already requested, I would suggest that permission be granted me to organize a division from the colored troops now forming in New England, composed of infantry, artillery, and cavalry.

The details of the organization of the expedition, such as procuring launches, surf-boats, means of land transportation, the accumulation of supplies and material, are matters with which I ought to be reasonably conversant, as you will realize when you remember my experience in service on the coast as well as on long lines of purely inland transportation. And I trust that you may deem it for the interest of the public service to coincide with my views.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 26, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 2. 20 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Can you send me Baker's cavalry? If so, how soon? Can they be landed at Yorktown?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, January 26, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I telegraphed you at some length about the conversation of the Point Lookout hospital to other uses, and I stated all the reasons that I could state in a telegram. I get an answer through General Canby that the Surgeon-General reports that it cannot be spared.

There are accommodations there for quite a number of patients, say 1,500, possibly more. There are less than 100 Union patients

