
there. There is a guard to guard it, numbering almost as many as the patients. One-quarter of these patients should be sent to their regiments were it not that they are needed to make a show of sick men. I have got in my department hospital accommodations for more than one-half of my entire force were it wounded to-morrow. I can take every patient from Point Lookout hospital and kept them at Fortress Monroe, at the McClellan and Chesapeake hospitals, and have hospital buildings extra, in which I am quartering colored troops, because I have a sensible medical director and medical staff. I have the honor to repeat in regard to the hospitals what I did in regard to the engineer, "Great is Diana of the Ephesians. "

You did me the honor to say when I last saw you that you never knew a department commander that was willing to give up any troops that he once got in his possession, and I asked if you ever knew the chief of a staff department give up anything that he once got in his possession, and I trust you will answer the one as I answered the other.

With gold at 160, I think a little pains should be taken to save the United States a thousand dollars a day expense to feed 100 men. We had better board them at the Continental. We could do it at less expense, and on an average they are not more debilitated than the dandies we find there. I speak not without knowledge, for I have been through this hospital and seen these men. Having done my duty in putting before you the facts, it remains for you to make such application of them as your good judgment will dictate best for the public service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GETTY'S STATION, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILD:

General Heckman is absent at present. The following is copy of his dispatch to General Butler:

I made a cavalry reconnaissance to Pig Point; they found no signs of any rebels, and the citizens say there has been none in that section of the country since their evacuation of Suffolk. The squadron returned to camp this a. m. at 5 o'clock.

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General.

C. T. GARDNER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., January 27, 1864.

(Received 1. 45 a. m., 28th.)

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I received the following message from a loyal, well-informed man:

NEW BERNE, January 19, 1864.

(Via New York, 25th.)

When the country needs my services, not as Governor, I am ready to come.

EDWIN. STANLEY.

