HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, January 27, 1864.

Rear-Admiral LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

SIR: Mrs. Nottingham, the mother of Lieutenant-Commander Upshur, of the Minnesota, states that I am about to make a land advance on Richmond; that the iron-clads are expected down, and that we are afraid of them, and that the fleet are going up the river, and that I am to make an attack by land. A conversation, of which this is a garbled report, took place in my office in the presence of yourself and Lieutenant Upshur, and which is now being repeated, and retailed in Norfolk by his mother. It would seem rather difficult under the circumstances to make a combined attack by the army and navy, when officers in the navy are more leaky than their own vessels.

You will see that my informant, who informs me that this conversation took place in Norfolk, must have had some means of access to our conversation, not through you or me. I pray you make an investigation, for it would seem to be pretty clear the either thoughtlessly or willfully, I hope thoughtlessly, Lieutenant-Commander Upshur must have mentioned the substance of what he heard. Fortunately neither of us had any intention of making any such attack, and it is well we spoke upon the subject, as the experiment has been tried of how the secret would have been kept if we had intended an expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE,Yorktown, Va., January 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE STETZEL,

Commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry:

SIR: You will detail five companies of your regiment, under command of a field officer, with instructions to proceed at once with the enrollment of all citizens, both white and colored, residing in that district of country lying south and east of a line stretched from the head of the Ware River to Gloucester Court-House, and thence to the York River in a southwest direction. One day's rations of forage and three of subsistence will be taken; two wagons will accompany the party for the purpose of conveying forage obtained from farmers to camp. For forage thus taken proper receipts will be given. The boats to convey the party across the river will be ready at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. The officer in charge will report to these headquarters. A map of the country has been furnished and a list of those already enrolled can be obtained at these headquarters.

I write by command of Colonel S. P. Spear.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. HAMILTON SHEPARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

