HEADQUARTERS ESCORT, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,January 28, 1864.

Colonel FREDERICK T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I transmit to your a report of the scout which left here yesterday afternoon for the purpose of gaining some knowledge as to whether certain Confederate soldiers were concealed in any of the houses within 50 miles of general headquarters. Left here for Rappahannock Station. Kept down this side of river, where, after passing our last infantry picket-post some miles, I halted at the house of the Payne family. There I learned from safeguard that some 19 rebel cavalry had been there night before. Losing no time I went on; crossed below Kelly's Ford. Searched house at Holly Church and house below it. No information. Searched houses of Widow Allen, courtney's, Mallard's, Stringfellow's, the last two being at or near Grove Church. Went below Grove Church, and then retraced steps toward Bealeton. No information gained except that some of the rebel cavalry have been in the neighborhood of our pickets some few days since. I arrived in camp near daylight this morning. After going over the ground I hardly thought it necessary to remain out when the men and horses could get sleep and feed under better circumstances. My opinion, colonel, is that if I had started about 4 o'clock this morning I would have accomplished more. Some cavalry was ahead of me on road some three or four hours, which I supposed to be the Rhode Island.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. PAGE,

Captain, Commanding Escort, Fifth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 28, 1864.

General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The following report from the signal officers on Cedar Mountain is sent for your information and government:

GENERAL: The following report has just been received from Garnett's Mountain signal station:

"JANUARY 28, 1864-12 m.

"CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC:

"Contrabands arriving last night report Stuart on the western slope of Thoroughfare Mountain. No changes observed.

"WIGGINS and CAMP,

"Lieutenants, Signal Officers. "

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

