
further orders. As it is not known that Beverly Ford will be practicable for artillery and ambulances at night, it will perhaps be better for you to cross at Rappahannock Station on the pontoon bridge.

If Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson is left in command of the camps of the Second Brigade, direct him to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner, commanding First Brigade, who will command the division. If an officer senior to Lieutenant-Colonel Gardner is left in charge of your camps, that officer will command the division. Please send word to Captain Weir to-night what officer will be left in charge by you.

Very respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, January 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that two 4-horse teams were captured by a party of guerrillas in the vicinity of Annandale this afternoon. We have not ascertained to whom they belonged. The drivers were also taken. Two guerrillas were seen near Fairfax Station this afternoon, and several parties are reported to have been seen between Fairfax Station and Devereux. Colonel Lowell has sent two scouting parties to-day, one to the neighborhood of Annandale and one through Centreville to Bull Run bridge. A detachment of cavalry was sent from this command this a. m. to scour the country between here and Alexandria. A deserter named Lyon, belonging to White's battalion, gave himself up to the pickets at Vienna to-day.

Respectfully,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, January 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two wagons were captured to-day about 2 p. m. between Gooding's Tavern and Annandale. These wagons do not belong out here. Ascertain where they belonged and why they were there without an escort. It is said they belong to Greene. Is there any news in town? Cavalry will be sent to Annandale to-morrow from this command. Wells' men should all be out toward Occoquan.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, January 28, 1864.

Assistant Adjutant-General Department of Washington:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Wells' cavalry has returned and reports having driven the guerrillas, numbering 9 men, some 7 miles southwest of Alexandria. They bring 3 horses they captured from the enemy.

Respectfully,

JNO. P. SLOUGH,

Brigadier-General.

