
GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, January 29, 1864.

Captain NORTON:

Our troops moved this a. m. before daylight. We are left with a station guard of 100 men and one brigade 2 miles in my rear. No change in position of enemy. Some night signaling from Clark's Mountain, but they hide their foot-light.

J. C. WIGGINS,

Signal Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 29, 1864.

General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Directions were given upon the establishing of the signal station at Cedar Mountain 100 cavalry should be kept in the immediate vicinity, concealed if possible, as a permanent guard, in addition to the infantry guard of 100 men. The signal officer at Cedar Mountain reports this morning a station guard of only 100 men.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

UNOFFICIAL.] HDQRS. CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,

January 29, 1864.

Brigadier General W. MERRITT,

Commanding First Division Cavalry, Culpeper:

DEAR GENERAL: Since we have been deprived of the pleasure of judicially assassinating that deserter to-day, I shall endeavor to elevate my depressed spirits by literary composition. Now, general,

when we were ruthlessly thrust out to the front, where we have since been kept at the point of the bayonet, we were promised a division of infantry to protect us. Well, they have never done it. These regiments of General Robinson's have been in Culpeper all the time, and last night about 1 o'clock I was aroused from my nocturnal repose by General Robinson's dispatch informing me that the Cedar Run brigade was to be withdrawn to-day, and that he wanted his pickets relieved by cavalry.

I understand that another division was ordered to relieve General Robinson's, but mean time that division had erected a theater in town, and of course it could not be thought of that they should go to the front and leave the theater behind. Now, we don't want their infernal old sharp-sticks at all, and I think we will be safer if they will withdraw the other brigade, so that if we are run back we won't have to wait until they pack up their duds and skedaddle back to their present position.

They have left 100 men as a guard to the four blind signal officers on Cedar Mountain. It is reported that some camp-fires were seen yesterday in the woods north and west of Thoroughfare Mountain; perhaps that will account for the brigade changing front to rear so suddenly. The patent-sight man yesterday took four shots while the enemy were firing at Somerville Ford, and says he hit two certain. Mr. Emmons, assistant adjutant-general, will communicate to

