
you some views of mine with regard to the picket-line on our left, which I desire to have changed. Lieutenant Walker is still basking in the sunshine of beauty.

We still live, move, and have our being; somewhat muddy.

Very respectfully, yours,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, &amp;c.

MITCHELL'S, January 29, 1864.

Captain BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet on the picket-lines except a few shots at Somerville Ford. The enemy continue the erection of breast-works and rifle-pits at that point. The brigade of infantry up on Cedar Mountain goes to Culpeper this morning, thus increasing my picket-line considerably.

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS, January 29, 1864.

Colonel J. P. TAYLOR,

Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

I have the honor to forward you a copy of a dispatch just received from Major-General Humphreys. The general desires that you will see that the orders contained therein are strictly carried out.

C. R. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]

General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I am instructed to invite your attention to the standing order from these headquarters requiring that all deserters and others of the enemy coming into our lines should be forwarded with all possible dispatch to these headquarters; that they should not be examined or be permitted to hold intercourse with any one, except so far as related to the security of the command into whose lines they come. Two sergeants, deserters from the Fifteenth Louisiana Infantry, are reported from the provost-marshal-general as having come into our lines near Morton's Ford on the evening of the 26th instant, and to have been received by him on the 28th just at midday. Sergt. S. E. Moore, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, is reported by the provost-marshal-general to have come into our lines near Somerville Ford on the morning of the 27th instant and to have been received at headquarters on the 28th at midday. The major-general commanding directs that you ascertain where the delays occurred in sending forward those deserters, the causes of the delay and who is responsible for them, and that stringent means be adopted to prevent or avoid this in future.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

