HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,January 29, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet. A scouting party sent out in the direction of Bull Run bridge returned yesterday. They report that Mosby, with 60 men, passed in that vicinity the day before yesterday. They found a few scattering rebels near Centreville; otherwise everything was quiet.

R. O TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, W. Va., January 29, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM M. BOONE,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Dept. of West Virginia:

I am informed that lst night at 8. 30 p. m. a party of men, apparently rebel cavalry, went into the town of Shepherdstown and robbed the two stores of Snowden and Cumie of about $80 worth of goods. This information is given by David Bilmeyer, a citizen. One of our picket guards, while conducting a citizen between my outposts and those of General Averell, was surprised and taken off to the neighborhood of Bunker Hill by two persons clothed in our uniforms. They also took two of General Averell's men. All three of our men were released, but their horses and arms taken. I sent a party to pursue them, but they escaped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Clarksburg, W. Va., January 29, 1864.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: I have information that a school-mistress at Weston writes to her friends at Morgantown to the effect that she has been privately advised to leave Weston before spring, as there would certainly be a raid of rebels through there. This young lady is from Morgantown, and is a niece of George Evans, esq., the beef contractor. A contraband female belonging to old Governor Johnson, who has been living from the commencement of the war within the rebel lines, ran away from him some time since. She lately received a letter from one of her fellow-laborers in Dixie warning her to get away as far as possible from her present residence, between here and Phillippi, as it was determined by the rebels to come in this spring, and she would, if caught, be taken back.

James C. Morris, my most reliable scout, living between here and Buckhannon, informs me that the rebel sympathizers are showing signs of pertness, and are sure of a raid early this spring throughout West Virginia. He has, through female acquaintances, excellent opportunities of gaining information.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

