HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Clarksburg, W. Va., January 29, 1864.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: John Lorentz, of Bulltown, who was arrested by request of Governor Boreman as a hostage for Mr. Mollahan, of Braxton County, was sent to Richmond to get the latter released. He has returned with Mr. Mollahan, having effected the object of his mission.

He says Echols' forces, or part of them, occupy Lewisburg; Jackson is at Warm Springs; his forces number some 1,500 men. He don't know the strength of Echols' forces. He tells the same old tale of high prices in the Confederacy; he says provisions are plenty there, but at awful figures in their money. Paid $17 for board per day. Reports 20,000 Union prisoners in and about Richmond. Saw Captain Rowand, of First Virginia Cavalry, and also saw Charley Russell and other rebel runaways from West Virginia. Reports that the calculation in Richmond is that the rebel conscription act will bring in 70,000 troops from Virginia alone.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, January 29, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE:

DEAR SIR: I have the pleasure to acknowledge your letter of the 26th instant, with the accompanying plans of operations for the ensuing campaign. They have been very carefully considered by this Department, but until a report from Major-General Grant, which is shortly expected, shall be received a final answer cannot be given. Your views impress me favorably, if they can be made to harmonize with other operations, so as to secure success, in regard to which you will receive information in season and before the requisite forces will probably be raised. In regard to the North Carolina operations, if your plans should be adopted, there will be no difficulty in arranging the command. The department is only temporarily attached to that of Virginia, and can very easily be restored to its former condition.

In respect to your suggestions as to recruiting your force, the following views are entertained by this Department:

First. The condition of things in East Tennessee renders it absolutely impossible to withdraw from that region at present the regiments belonging to the Ninth Corps.

Second. When the recruiting of the Ninth Corps shall be completed it will be my desire to have the Third Division form a component part of the organization, if the military condition at that time will admit, of which I at present see no reason to doubt.

Third. The attachment of Colonel Howard's marine artillery and of the light-draught gun-boats will depend upon the plan of operations that shall be adopted, and the determination of that question necessarily awaits the decision upon the operations to be embraced in the campaign.

