
Fourth. The organization of new regiments in the Ninth Corps, for reasons which have heretofore been explained to you, should be dependent upon the old regiments from the respective States of Maine, Vermont, and New York being filled up. Experience has shown the utter impracticability of filling up old regiments while the organization of new regiments is going on, and you, I believe, concur with every other commander in the field that the efficiency of the army depends more upon filling up the old regiments than upon any other measure. Every energy, therefore, should be directed to that first great object, and the attention should not be withdrawn for a single moment to any other plan or system, and least of all the system of raising new regiments until the old regiments are filled up.

Fifth. Your plan for raising new regiments by company organizations, reserving the appointment of the field officers until the absolute organization of the regiments, is favorably considered by the Department as a suitable method to be adopted when new organizations come to be authorized.

Sixth. In respect to the organization of colored troops, the Department will be glad to have any assistance you can render. Their organization, however, is, under an act of Congress, entirely distinct from that of State volunteers, and hence they are only organized by specific authority from the proper bureau. N objection occurs to me in regard to the organization of a division of colored troops from those that are authorized to be raised in New England, after the regimental organization shall have been completed.

This, I believe, answers the specific points presented by your communication.

You need no new assurance of the confidence reposed in you and in your energetic ability in organizing, transporting, and operating military forces by the President and this Department. Every assistance that can be given by the Department consistently with the rules and regulations which have been found by experience to be absolutely essential for the service will be afforded to you, and the Department relies with confidence upon the success that will attend your efforts in the speedy organization of your forces. The sooner that is done, of course, the earlier you will be able to go into the field and the more important will be the duties assigned to you.

Very truly, yours,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. S. -Please report frequently-at least three times a week-your progress in recruiting.

E. M. S.

FORT MONROE, VA., January 29, 1864.

(Received 7. 15 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Two hundred and eighty-one of Baker's cavalry came down to me for picket duty. These are without tents. I am anxious, therefore, for the rest who have the tents. When will they come?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

