HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,January 30, 1864.

Major-General SYKES,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 18th instant, in reply to the communication addressed to you from these headquarters under date of January 16, respecting depredations upon the trains while passing over the road, was duly received and laid before the commanding general, who instructs me to reply as follows: It was not the design of the commanding general to reflect upon the discipline of your corps generally, which, he is well aware, is not at all inferior to that of other portions of the army; but when it was reported to him that it had become a practice for the troops especially charged with the important duty of guarding the railroad to plunder the trains, and it was proposed to establish the allegations by sworn statements, he felt justified in characterizing in unfavorable terms the discipline of the particular commands thus charged with neglecting their duties.

The commanding general is, however, glad to learn that the statements in relation to the robbery of public supplies from passing trains were exaggerated, certainly so with regard to the portion of the road guarded by the Fifth Corps, and he is well satisfied that the road this side of Bull Run has at no period during the war been protected in so efficient a manner as it is at the present time. All the papers forwarded by you upon the subject of railroad depredations have been referred to the chief quartermaster, as requested.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 30, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry:

Colonel Mulligan reports a messenger just in from Petersburg. The wagon train attacked near Williamsport to-day. Fighting since 3 p. m. Hold your cavalry in readiness to move at a moment's notice. I have ordered Colonel Oley, commanding Averell's brigade, to hold two regiments in readiness subject to your orders also. I will hear something further, I presume, by morning. The force is believed to be Rosser's, Imboden's, and Gilmor's.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 30, 1864-8 p. m.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

New Creek:

That is right. Push on the relief of our troops as rapidly as possible. Keep me advised by couriers.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

