
us here, worse than confusion. I am informed that it is only those men in the border counties that ran away at the commencement of the war that desire to still prolong the war. I am assured by these poor creatures that Jackson will not have 200 men in his command by the 1st of May if something is not done for the good of the Confederacy. The rolls are called four times as day to kept their men from deserting. All say that there must be suffering before harvesting. I have written to you for instructions concerning these poor misguided creatures. All come in under the President's amnesty proclamation; some have property over to the quartermaster, and instructing him to give receipts for the same, stating the value of the same, and the men are forwarded to Wheeling. So far all have been conscripts, and have not a cent of money. Their case is desperate. Bill Jackson, with all his command but two companies, is at Warm Springs; those are at Camp Northwest, 2 miles east of Huntersville. No force at the Little Levels. I have sent the scouts to the Dry Fork of Cheat; they have not returned; was to have been in this evening. I also have a scout to the top of the Cheat. I also learn by all the deserters that the saltpeter-works on Black Creek, above Gatewood's that General Averell destroyed, are re-opened, and now worked by 100 slaves, under Captain Heaton. Over 300 pounds niter are made here daily now. I am quite sure a detachment from this command could try and go there and capture this force. The works are not guarded by any military force. I am sure we have men that would delight in the expedition. I should have addressed General Averell if he had been at Martinsburg, but as he was away I thought it proper to address you. Hoping all is satisfactory,

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. S. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth West Virginia Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH WEST VIRGINIA INFANTRY,Sir John's, January 30, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

CAPTAIN: When the scout reported to me yesterday he called the place by, I suppose, the familiar name of Salem. I took it to be a village. Upon inquiry this morning I found it to be a church. The location I explained by telegram this morning. On the receipt of the intelligence I sent out 25 infantry, under a commissioned officer, with three days' rations. This morning a party of 25, with a commissioned officer and three days' rations, starts from Rockwell's Run, and a similar number similarly officered and rationed starts from Numbers 12, to go different directions, to look after parties of rebel soldiers that are known to be in this country. This number will be kept out constantly in different parties, unless otherwise ordered.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

M. McCASLIN,

Colonel Fifteenth West Virginia Infantry.

