
Colonel C. R. SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

An expedition of the First Brigade sent out to the neighborhood of Madison Court-House last night captured 12 rebels and killed 1; also captured some horses. Will report more fully. Colonel Gibbs reports four guns put into position at Somerville Ford in the last forty-eight hours. All quiet in the lines.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

MITCHELL'S, VA., January 31, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

General MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

Captain Gordon, with his regiment, is coming into his camp. He has sent me 6 prisoners of Virginia cavalry, who will be sent up to Culpeper in the morning. He has not yet reported, but I will send by telegraph anything that he may communicate.

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY,January 31, 1864.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions, I proceeded last night at 12 m. to school-house; was there met by Colonel Chapman, of the Third Indiana Cavalry, at 2 o'clock p. m. I then proceeded in the direction of Mount Carmel Church, it being understood that Colonel Chapman and myself should meet at that point. I waited in the vicinity of Captain Strother's house two hours, in order to give him time, as he was to cross Robertson River. After searching Captain Strother's house carefully, I proceeded at early dawn in the direction of Mount Carmel, where I captured 6 of Captain Strother's men. I stayed at the church until 12 o'clock m., but Colonel Chapman did not come up. I did not think I would be justified in staying at that point any longer, and after making a thorough examination of the country, I returned to this camp by the way of James City, arriving here at 5 o'clock p. m. From what I could learn, it appears that this Mount Carmel Church has been occupied by a few men. There are no indications of a large camp having been there. In addition to 6 prisoners (men) belonging to the Fourth Virginia Cavalry, I captured 2 horses and a wagon belonging to sutlers, and 3 horses and a mule.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. GORDON,

Captain Second U. S. Cavalry, Commanding the Regiment.

29 R R-VOL XXXIII

