
Extract from inspection report of the Sixth Army Corps for January, 1864, by Lieutenant Colonel J. Ford Kent, Assistant Inspector-General.

The following are among the remarks made by the inspector of the Artillery Brigade:

I would call attention to the large percentage of men employed on daily duty, and suggest that if negroes for teamsters could be supplied the artillery, a sufficient number of men would be relieved in this brigade alone to handle a four-gun battery.

Respectfully submitted for the information of the commanding general.

GEO. W. GETTY,

Brigadier-General, Acting Inspector-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 18, 1864.

The want of men in the artillery brigades is severely felt. Most of the batteries of the army require details from the infantry to serve the guns. No details should be made from any battery for teamsters, except perhaps for the company wagons. There should be attached to artillery brigades one or more battalions of foot artillery, to serve as guards, escorts, supports, working parties on intrenchments when necessary, and to supply details for service with batteries when the number of cannoneers is reduced too low for the efficient service of the guns. Details for these purposes are now made from the infantry, to the injury of the latter and the creation of ill-feeling. Until sufficient artillery troops are furnished for artillery duties, as in other armies, the evil complained of will unavoidable. The Sixth Corps is not singular in this respect. The evil is felt in all the others in a greater or less degree. I shall present a report on this and kindred subjects in a day or two. In the mean time I recommend that hired men, white or black, be furnished, if possible, to the Sixth Corps.

Respectfully returned to headquarters Army of the Potomac.

HENRY J. HUNT,Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, January 31, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

The commanders of the Second and Third Corps will be directed to instruct their pickets to permit the cavalry to pass through on the main roads when they have passes from the division commander, passing out, and the commanders of the cavalry pickets passing in.

