
WASHINGTON, January 31, 1864-2. 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,

Cumberland, Md.:

A copy of your telegram of this morning has been sent to the commanding general of the Army of the Potomac. Before sending out supply trains a thorough reconnaissance should be made, and in cases of danger a large guard must precede and accompany it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 31, 1864.

(Received 2. 15 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Mulligan reports from Burlington that a courier has just met him with a dispatch from Colonel Thoburn, advising him that reliable information had been received at Petersburg that Early was approaching that place with a large force, and that he (Thoburn) would leave Petersburg for New Creek this 2 a. m. This dispatch was dated 2 p. m. yesterday, but as the attack of Rosser on the train took place at 3 p. m. on the road that Thoburn intended to take, Colonel Mulligan thinks he has fallen back on the Seneca route into the mountains. I am ill-prepared to repel a large force. My command, always much scattered, is now much weakened by furloughs granted to veterans.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., January 31, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General KELLEY,Cumberland:

General Wheaton's brigade and the several detached regiments sent to Harper's Ferry are still there, subject to your orders. By moving your troops to the point threatened you will be abundantly able to cope with Early's forces, unless they have been greatly increased. Keep me advised of the condition of things.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 31, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 12. 30 a. m., February 1.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

A dispatch just received from Colonel Mulligan informs me that Thoburn left Petersburg last night by mountain road, and will reach him in safety to-night with all his men and material. Early's forces attacked and shelled his camp and works at daylight this morning, Thoburn then being 8 miles distant on his way to New Creek. Wheaton's brigade is reduced by furloughs to about 900 men, and, having already taken two mounted regiments from Sullivan, I do

