
The enemy's loss much greater. We lost the wagon train almost entirely. Have ordered General Sullivan to send a force to recapture the train and assist in relieving Thoburn. He will require two of your regiments and Ewing's battery.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, January 31, 1864-8 a. m.

Colonel OLEY,

Martinsburg:

General Sullivan will send a section of one of his batteries with Captain Ewing's three guns. Advise the general what regiment you send. Get off as soon as possible, if not already gone.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Martinsburg, January 31, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,Cumberland:

Scout sent by your orders to Salem Church and Unger's Store has returned. Nothing was seen or learned of importance.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 3rd DIV. CAV., DEPT. OF W. VA., Charleston, W. Va., January 31, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel ALEXANDER,Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 237, War Department, series of 1863, I have the honor to make the following report of my command of mounted troops for the month of January, 1864:

The command is generally in good condition. The cavalry and mounted infantry are fully supplied with horses, arms, and equipments. The artillery stand in need of new caissons and gun carriages, requisitions for which have been forwarded, properly approved, to the Chief of the Ordnance Bureau. Requisitions have been promptly made for every article necessary to fit the command for active duty. I regret to state that in some cases much delay occurs in getting the requisitions filled. Since my last report no movement has been made by my command in force. Numerous detachments of from one to three squadrons have been sent out for scouting purposes. The average number of miles made per man by my command is 200. The horses have been well fed and groomed, and well shod. The rations have been a full supply of hay and grain, the grain ration being corn and oats, mixed. A large number of the brigade are now on furlough as veterans. The regiments are being rapidly reorganized as veteran troops. Recruits are coming in rapidly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

General, Commanding Cavalry.

