
ITINERARY OF THE ARMY OF THE POTOMAC. *

CAVALRY CORPS. +

Second Brigade, First Division, Commanded by Colonel Josiah H. Kellogg, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

January 1 to 31. - Picketed on the Sperryville pike, Madison and James City roads.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General David McM. Gregg.

January 1. -Headquarters division at Bealeton. Division ordered out toward Winchester to intercept rebel General Early. Colonel J. P. Taylor commanding Second Division.

January 2. - General Gregg and Lieutenant Arrowsmith, aide-de-camp, returned from leave of absence.

January 3. - The division, while on return from Shenandoah, received orders to return; order countermanded same day.

January 4. - The division at Warrenton and headquarters at Bealeton.

January 5. - All quiet.

January 6. - Division headquarters moved to Warrenton and established at the house of rebel ex-Governor Smith, on Sulphur Springs road. First Brigade at Warrenton; Second Brigade between Warrenton and Warrenton Junction.

January 7. - Reserve picket Third Pennsylvania Cavalry captured; 6 or 7 wounded, 40 horses captured, with equipments and arms of men and horses.

January 8 to 31. - All quiet; nothing unusual transpiring; scouting parties sent out daily.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel John P. Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

The brigade has been lying in the vicinity of Warrenton, Va., during the month, doing picket duty and scouting the surrounding country. Nothing further of importance to record, except a scout to Front Royal on January 1. The men enduring great hardships from the excessive cold, but succeeded in capturing a 4-horse team and a number of the enemy.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

SIXTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA.

January 1. - Moved out of camp near Bealeton at 8 a. m. ; marched via Warrenton to Orleans and encamped; two squadrons on picket.

January 2. - Marched to Front Royal via Chester Gap; encamped for the night.

January 3. - Marched via Manassas Captain to near Salem and encamped.

---------------

*As reported on returns of the several commands for January, 1864.

+Commanded by Major General Alfred Pleasonton.

---------------

