
January 4. - Marched to Warrenton and encamped.

January 5. - In camp.

January 6. - Joined regimental headquarters and balance of regiment at Turkey Run, and went into camp.

January 7 to 26. - In camp (Turkey Run) building quarters, and picketing between First Brigade and Thirteenth Pennsylvania.

January 27, 4 p. m. - Received orders to saddle up and be under arms.

January 28, 10 p. m. - Unsaddled.

January 28 to 30. - In camp.

January 31. - One hundred men and 3 commissioned officers went on picket to near Morrisville.

THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA.

January 1. - Regiment left camp (Bealeton Station) on a five days' scout; night of the 1st encamped at Orleans.

January 2. - Moved to Front Royal; thence to Salem Church, and encamped for the night.

January 4. - Marched to Warrenton, and remained in camp until the 6th; then left for Turkey run, where regiment went into winter quarters, performing picket duty since.

January 27. - Sent one squadron to picket on Morrisville road, near Bealeton Station; relieved 30th by Sixteenth Pennsylvania.

EIGHT PENNSYLVANIA.

January 1. - Regiment left camp near Bealeton Station and marched to near Orleans, bivouacking for the night.

January 2. - Marched to near Front Royal and bivouacked.

January 3. - Started back, and marched to Salem.

January 4. - Left Salem at daybreak and marched to near Warrenton and went into camp.

January 5. - Men with unserviceable horses, &amp;c., joined the command.

January 6. - Marched 1 1/2 miles toward Warrenton Junction and went into camp; regiment made two scouts since reaching here, one to Sulphur Springs by way of Fayetteville, and one to Auburn and vicinity.

SECOND PENNSYLVANIA.

January 1 to 29. - The regiment encamped near Bealeton, picketing the Morrisville road.

January 29. - Moved to near Warrenton.

January 30. - Five re-enlisted companies started home on thirty-five days' furlough (223 men).

FIRST MAINE.

January 1. - Regiment moved to Warrenton with brigade, and, joined by First Brigade there, proceed to near Orleans and encamped for the night.

January 2. - Moved at daylight, and passing through Chester Gap encamped for the night at Front Royal.

January 3. - Moved to near Manassas Gap and halted, detailing

