
111 men, commanded by Captain Taylor, to make a forced march to Warrenton to bear dispatches. This detail captured several prisoners and horses on the route, arriving at Warrenton that night. The residue of the regiment, forming the advance of the division, moved through Manassas Gap, also capturing several prisoners, and encamped with the division at Oak Hill.

January 4. - Moved to near Warrenton, on the New Baltimore pike, and remaining there until January 6; then moved with the brigade to Turkey Run, and went into winter quarters. Since arriving at their present camp the daily outpost detailed has been 1 commissioned officer and from 23 to 31 men.

January 13. - Sent scouting party of 100 men,commanded by Major Thaxter, to Fayetteville and Foxville.

January 17. - Sent scouting party of 40 men, commanded by Captain Chadbourne, to Auburn and vicinity.

January 23. - Sent scouting party of 50 men to Greenwich, and vicinity, commanded by Lieutenant Carson. Owing to the vicinity of numbers guerrilla bands and scouting parties of the enemy, the demand for escorts to wagons has been unusually large, and the poor condition of animals in the regiment when it first arrived in camp rendered it the more difficult to fill such details when specially needed. One hundred and ninety-one recruits have been received by the regiment during the month, and 15 men have been discharged for various reasons; 216 men have re-enlisted as veteran volunteers, 49 of whom have been individually furloughed and sent to Maine.

TENTH NEW YORK.

January 1. - Regiment doing picket duty along the railroad between Warrenton and Warrenton Junction.

January 7. - One man missing, supposed taken by guerrillas. Regiment doing picket duty until the 15th, when the lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, quartermaster, regimental commissary of subsistence, adjutant, surgeon and 274 men started on train for State of New York to report to the Governor, they having re-enlisted for three years as veteran volunteers.

January 21. - Commenced building corduroy for horses to stand upon; condition of regiment good, both them and horses. The men that did not re-enlist taking care of the horses of veterans during their absence.

First Brigade, Third Division,commanded by Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr.

This command is doing picket duty on the extreme left and front of the army, the vedettes stretching from Germanna Ford, on the Rapidan, across the neck to Kemper's Dam, on the Rappahannock, patrolling the roads to Ellis' and Ely's Fords.

January 12. - The patrol of 6 men to Ellis' Ford was attacked by concealed guerrillas in dense pine woods and 5 captured.

January 17. - The patrol of 1 sergeant and 7 men returning from Ellis' Ford were surrounded by the enemy in ambuscade and 7 men captured. At the same time the patrol of 1 sergeant and 8 men returning from Ely's Ford were fired upon from both sides of the road and rear by concealed dismounted men in dense pine woods; 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 2 captured.

