
On the morning of the 1st I moved into Petersburg, the enemy having escaped upon one of the back roads, which it was impossible for me to guard with my small force. The enemy in evacuating this place left almost all his baggage and a large supply of provisions, which fell into the hands of my men.

From this place I proceeded, in obedience to instructions from General Early, down Patterson's Creek, with the view of driving out the cattle, and for this purpose I sent Major Gilmor's and Captain McNeill's commands, under the command of the latter, into the Alleghany Mountains, and placed one regiment in Mechanicsville Gap to prevent Averell, whom I expected from Martinsburg, from getting between me and General Early. I then pressed down the creek to its mouth, at which place there was a guard of one company which I captured, and I destroyed here the railroad bridges one engine, all the property belonging to the road, the bridge for the pike across the canal, and one canal-lock. Learning that the enemy was in Romney in considerable force, and that he was struggling for the gap at which my regiment was posted, I abandoned the idea of going to Cumberland and turned back in direction of Moorefield, evading the enemy, who had forced the gap and got in my rear, and brought out safely all my prisoners and cattle.

Upon the expedition I captured 1,200 or 1,300 head of cattle, 500 or 600 sheep, 95 wagons, and 80 prisoners. Only fifty of the wagons were saved and brought to the valley. Everything else is now safe in the valley.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. ROSSER,

Brigadier-General.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Stuart's Cavalry Corps.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

April 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The bold and successful enterprise herein reported furnishes additional proofs of General Rosser's merit as a commander, and adds fresh laurels to that veteran brigade so signalized for valor already.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

April 19, 1864

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the War Department.

General Rosser acquitted himself with great credit in this expedition.

R. E. LEE,General.

[Third indorsement.]

MAY 4, 1864

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Noted. General Rosser exhibited both judgment and valor, and accomplished valuable results in this expedition.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

