
January 22. - The patrol of 1 commissioned officer and 30 men were attacked going to Ellis' Ford, by a party of dismounted men in ambush. Loss, 1 man killed, 6 wounded, and 4 captured.

Cavalry Reserve Brigade, commanded by Colonel Alfred Gibbs, First New York Dragoons.

The brigade has been encamped near Mitchell's Station, Va., picketing the Rapidan during the whole month.

FIRS ARMY CORPS. *

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Henry A. Morrow, Twenty-fourth Michigan Infantry.

January 3. - The Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers left for Wisconsin, in accordance with paragraph IX, Special Orders, Numbers 2., January 2, headquarters Army of the Potomac, over three-fourths of the regiment having re-enlisted as veteran volunteers.

January 4. - The Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers transferred to the First Brigade by General Orders, Numbers 1, of January 4, First Division headquarters.

January 7. - Over three-fourths of the Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers having re-enlisted as veteran volunteers, they left for Wisconsin, per paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 4., January 5, 1864, headquarters Army of the Potomac.

January 11. - The Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers left for State, in accordance with paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 8, January 9, headquarters Army of the Potomac.

January 14. - Moved brigade headquarters for Catalpa Mansion, near Culpeper, to its present location on the Sperryville pike, about three-fourths of a mile from Culpeper; brigade reviewed as part of division on the 29th instant.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John C. Robinson.

January 3. - Changed camp to Mitchell's Station.

January 29. - Moved headquarters to Culpeper Court-House, where we are now encamped.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

The brigade has been performing outpost duty at Mitchell's Station, Va., during the month.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Charles Wheelock, Ninety-seventh New York Infantry.

January 2. - The brigade left Culpeper for Cedar Mountain, where they remained doing picket duty until January 28, when received orders to move to Culpeper, where they now remain.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General John Newton.

---------------

