
Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General John R. Kenly.

Encamped near Culpeper Court-House, Va. No change of position has been made during the month.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Langhorne Wister, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Brigade is now in winter quarters and doing picket duty. No change of position has been made during the month.

SECOND ARMY CORPS. *

January 1. - In camp at Stevensburg; corps headquarters at Hansborough House.

January 5. - The Sixty-sixth and Fifty-ninth New York Regiments furloughed as veteran volunteers.

January 9. - The Eighty-eighth Battalion New York Volunteers and Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, furloughed as veteran volunteers.

Fourth Brigade, First Division, commanded by Major Leman W. Bradley, Sixty-fourth New York Infantry.

At close of last return this command was encamped near Germanna Ford, some 5 miles in advance of the main camps.

January 7. - By direction from superior headquarters, we changed camp to a position some mile or ore to the rear, in order to prevent the practicability of flanking by the enemy, which makes our present camp Sheppard's Grove, Va.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel R. Penn Smith, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

January 1 to 31. - In camp near Stevensburg, Va.

January 1 to 8. - Commanded by Colonel A. F. Devereux, Nineteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

January 8 to 31. - Commanded by Colonel R. Penn Smith, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers.

THIRD ARMY CORPS. +

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General J. H. Habart Ward.

January 9. - The division began moving its camp from near Brandy Station to the farm of Mr. Rixy, about 3 1/2 miles from Brandy Station and 2 1/2 from Culpeper. The last brigade moved on the 13th. Nothing of importance since that time.

Third Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Picket duty has been regularly performed by detachments from the brigade during the month. No change in headquarters or camps of the brigade, and nothing worthy of note has occurred since the last return.

---------------

*Commanded by Major General Gouverneur K. Warren.

+Commanded by Major General William H. French.

---------------

