HDQRS. FIRST CAV. DIV,. PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, February 1, 1864.

Captain T. C. BACON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that William F. Sullivan, a citizen from Madison County, was sent in by Colonel Chapman and reported to me this afternoon. He desires to take the oath of allegiance and go North. He came in with Colonel Chapman, at his own request. He says that Lomax's brigade is in Orange, near the court-house, and they picket at Robertson River. They consist of the Fifth, Sixth, and Fifteenth Cavalry. The Fourth Virginia is independent and is stationed near Mount Carmel Church.

General Fitz. Lee is at Charlottesville. Young's cavalry brigade is at Fredericksburg; Rosser's in the valley. A division of Ewell's corps went west a month ago to join Longstreet. Pickett's division is near Weldon, N. C. ; went there about three weeks ago. Early's division is at Raccon Ford. The enemy claim 40,000 or 50,000 men in the Army of Northern Virginia.

Respectfully,

GEO. B. SANFORD,

Captain and Acting Provost-Marshal, First Cav. Division.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, February 1, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR,Washington:

GENERAL: Your will immediately dispatch by railroad to Harper's Ferry the Fourteenth New Hampshire Volunteers and a battery of artillery. The First New York Veteran Cavalry will also be sent to that place to report to General Sullivan or General Kelley. These troops will go ready for immediate service in the field.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 1, 1864-2. 30 a. m.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Thoburn reports to Colonel Mulligan that a brigade of infantry crossed the Knobly Mountain into the New Creek Valley yesterday, between Petersburg and Greenland Gap. I think it is the object of the enemy by the movement to cut of my communication with the west from New Creek, and to destroy the immense amount of property of the railroad at Piedmont. This movement of Early is unquestionably a formidable one; I think evidently undertaken for the purpose of capturing or driving our forces out of the valley of the upper Potomac, capturing our supplies at New Creek and this place, and destroying the railroad and its vast amount of property at Piedmont. I therefore deem it my duty to ask that at least four or five regiments of infantry and a battery be sent me at once. These troops can be withdrawn again as soon as the enemy is driven back.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

