
CUMBERLAND, MD., February 1, 1864-10. 10 p. m.

(Received 12 midnight.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following telegram just received, and transmitted for the information of the General-in-Chief:

CHARLESTON, February 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General KELLEY:

One of my returned, and reports the number of rebel forces in front on the 22nd of January; Jackson's at Warm Springs, 700; Echols' command in Monroe County; draft over [-] Greenbrier River, 1,200; three companies of cavalry, White's Moorman's and McClung's, at Frankfort; Thirty-sixth and Sixtieth [Virginia] Regiments, commanded by McCausland, at the Narrows, 1,100; General Jones' forces at Dublin and Saltville, 3,000. Force of rebel cavalry is on its way to Hurricane Bridge. Forces have been sent by me to meet them.

A. N. DUFIE,

Brigadier-General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, February 1, 1864.

(Received 10. 25 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I directed our master of transportation to proceed with the mail train west this a. m., at 7. 50. This a. m. he telegraphs that the arrived at Cumberland on time, and he learns that five brigades of the enemy passed Burlington this day toward Patterson's Creek, distant some 20 miles, and that another force, under Early and Fitz. Lee, were pressing Milligan's outposts, 10 miles from New Creek, by latest accounts. General Lockwood informed me that he will send 900 men in all, who, he states, will be ready by 9 this p. m. Our transportation awaits them.

J. W. GARRETT,

President Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., February 1, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Baltimore, Md.:

General Kelley just telegraphs that Milligan met the enemy at Burlington and drove them back, but anticipates an attack in the morning. If troops do not reach New Creek by daylight they will be of no use. I do not think more than one battery is needed, but that one should be hurried forward. If you forward any more I can spare nearly 5,000.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

