
BALTIMORE, MD., February 1, 1864-midnight.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN:

Seven hundred and twenty officers and men left here at 9. 30 p. m.

W. H. CHESEBROUGH.

CUMBERLAND, February 1, 1864-3 p. m.

J. W. GARRETT, Esq., Baltimore:

Colonel Mulligan reports to-night that a brigade of infantry crossed Knobly Mountain yesterday evening into the New Creek Valley above Greenland Gap. I think this movement of Early's is a formidable one, undertaken for the purpose of driving our troops out of the valley of the upper Potomac and preventing the working of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and destroying its property he and at Piedmont. Since my telegram to Mr. Smith I have deemed it my duty to ask General Halleck for re-enforcements at once. Please give my your aid. If done it must be done at once.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, February 1, 1864-7 p. m.

H. G. DAVIS, Esq., Piedmont:

I suggest to the citizens of Piedmont and Westernport to turn out and blockade all the roads leading into your town; also to arm themselves and be ready to repel any marauding party that approach the town.

B. E. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, February 1, 1864-3 a. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Harper's Ferry:

Colonel Thoburn reports that a brigade of infantry passed over Knobly Mountain into the New Creek Valley yesterday evening. The movement of Early is a formidable one, and evidently undertaken to drive our troops from the upper Potomac and destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and its vast property here and at Piedmonts of infantry and battery at once. If you can spare me any force and me all you can. Will send the troops back as soon as the enemy is repelled. Nothing further from Green Spring.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, February 1, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Harper's Ferry:

Your telegram just received. Nothing new this a. m. I presume the cavalry that was seen near Springfield last night were only a reconnoitering party to ascertain the strength of the guards at the

