
examination has proved that the goods were worth about $500. To-day I am informed that the stores were again entered, and a considerable quantity of goods taken. I sent immediately to the commanding officer at Kearneysville to send a guard of 20 men to Shepherdstown to close the stores and direct the proprietors to have their goods transported across the river, which will be done to-morrow. My information leads me to believe that these marauders are from one of the roving bands of rebels who infest the valley, and that they find easily places of concealment among their friends during the day and are ready to meet at an appointed rendezvous when it suits their purpose. I have sent a small party of cavalry for the purpose of picketing the various roads and making every effort to discover their hiding-places, besides taking other means which may possibly lead to the detection of citizens cognizant of these outrages. In regard to closing the stores in Shepherdstown, I would remark that it seems necessary to prevent the enemy being supplies with goods to the extent of their capacity unless a guard is kept constantly at that place, and as a large part of the people of the town and vicinity are known to be bitter in their hostility to the Government it does not appear reasonable that we should contribute to their comfort, and I therefore respectfully recommend that all the stores and shops in the town of Shepherdstown be prohibited. A robbery was committed in the same town in December last, and notice was then given to the merchants that unless they could protect their own property by some organization of their own their establishment must be closed, which they promised, but have failed to do.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., February 1, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Captain BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My courier has returned from Winchester. Captain Bugbee received your order at 6. 30 o'clock. Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, with the troops from Averell's command, had gone up the valley, leaving Newton at 1 o'clock last night. He sent a courier back to Martinsburg, but he has not yet come in. The courier brings no news.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., February 1, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS:

General Kelley reports the enemy near Green Spring. He has stopped the east-burned train. Be vigilant and cautious. Have all your railroad guards notified of danger.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

