
DECEMBER 31, 1863. - JANUARY 5, 1864. - Operations in Hampshire and Hardy Counties, W. Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

Numbers 2. - Major General Fitzhugh Lee, C. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Army, commanding Department of West Virginia.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 3, 1864.

(Received 8 a. m., 4th.)

Just received information that Lee's and Rosser's forces were besieging Colonel Thoburn at Petersburg. Thoburn has three small regiments and a battery, and a good position. I have no force to send to relieve him without exposing all my stores. Sullivan reports Early as having fallen back to Middletown, anticipating an attack on his flank from General Meade's army crossing at Front Royal. He has 5,000 men. Colonel Boyd was in Winchester to-day. Reports about 700 cavalry at Kernstown. Have ordered Averell to go to Winchester to-morrow with all of his available cavalry. It now appears that Lee has detached a large force and sent them into these valleys. If General Meade would send a strong cavalry force into the Luray Valley it would be an important movement to us. I now fear it is their intention to destroy the railroad and drive me from New Creek and this place.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD., January 4, 1864. - 10 a. m.

(Received 1 p. m.)

I have nothing new from Colonel Thoburn this morning. The enemy captured his returning empty train yesterday, and are now between him and New Creek. I am concentrating my troops at New Creek as rapidly as I can form my scattered troops. I trust Thoburn will hold out till I can relieve him. The railroad all safe yet.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, January 4, 1864. - 8 p. m.

(Received 9. 10 p. m.)

The enemy drove in the cavalry pickets at New Creek this p. m. I fear he will attack me here before my re-enforcements arrive. I think

