
CUMBERLAND, February 2, 1864- 6 p. m.

Captain MYERS,

North Branch Bridge:

If Miller cannot telegraph from Patterson's Creek below, can't you send two men down to the tow- path to a point opposite Number 12, and advise the officer there of the state of matters above. I expect there are tow regiments there on the way here.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

CUMBERLAND, February 2, 1864- 6 p. m.

Colonel MOODY,

North Branch:

Please send a messenger to the commanding officer of troop trains and direct him to run back to South Branch bridge and await further orders. Ascertain what rations he has; if out, will send him subsistence to- morrow. Direct him to be on the alert and protect the bridge. The enemy may attempt to destroy to- night.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

CUMBERLAND, February 2, 1864.

Lieutenant- Colonel HALL,

Tenth Virginia, Beverly:

Have you any news! Reports indicate that a rebel force has passed through the mountains. Have you heard of it! Send a scout into Tucker as far as Parsons' Mills. Watch the road in your front. The rebels are active all along our line. Answer.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA.

New Berne, N. C., February 2, 1864.

Commander H. K. DAVENPORT, or

Lieutenant Commander C. W. FLUSSER,U. S. Navy:

The port of New Berne is now besieged and our communication with the coast cut off. The besieging force is large, but I have no idea of being concerned about this place. The river communication is liable to be cut off now by batteries erected on the river and there are no large gun- boats here to patrol the river.

The Underwriter was this morning boarded, captured,a nd burned by the enemy in the Neuse River, opposite Fort Anderson. I submit the matter to the senior naval officer, as I have no idea where Commander Davenport is at this time. I have directed this communication both to him and Lieutenant- Commander Flusser, to be delivered wherever either of these officers may be found.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

