HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 3, 1864- 4 p. m.

Lieutenant WIGGINS:

About how many men did you observe in line! Did they move! If so, in what direction! Keep a sharp watch for other movements.

L. B. NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, February 3, 1864- 7. 45 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

One regiment in line. They moved into the woods directly in rear of their old camp. No other movements have occurred.

WIGGINS.

Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., February 3, 1864- 3. 30 p. m.

Brigadier- General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry:

Would it not be better to make your proposed cavalry raid on the rear of Early's forces, to cut off or embarrass their retreat by destroying bridges and supplies and feeling trees in the roads! By this measure you may ensemble General Kelley, if he drives them back, to overtake and capture them. The First New York Veteran Cavalry left here yesterday morning to report to you.

H. W. HALLECK,

General- in Chief.

CAMDEN STATION, BALTIMORE, February 3, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Transportation has been furnished, in every case which has come to my knowledge, with great expedition, and all the movements have thus far been conducted without accident. No complaint has been made to me by General Sullivan of inadequacy of transportation. In one dispatch he remarked that the movement of the trains was slow. As attacks were apprehended from the enemy along the line between Martinsburg and Cumberland, our engineers and conductors were instructed to run the troop trains with great care, and the speed, therefore, was not as great as could have been made if the danger of attack and obstruction upon the track, &amp;c., had not existed. I shall request advice from General Sullivan on this subject, so that if there be any deficiency at any point I may be enabled to correct it. I forwarded the order via pittsburg last night, and our men are engaged this morning in restoring the telegraph line, which was cut down for 1 1\2 miles, and also reconstructing the bridges at Patterson's Creek and North Branch. We have a large force and reserve of timber at Cumberland, which will enable us to accomplish the work with great rapidity.

J. W. GARRETT,

President.

