
received, having already sent you by telegraph the substance of the report to- day. *

I have sent forward the Twenty- first Connecticut- about 400 men- to the aid of General Palmer, which is the only infantry regiment I can spare. General Meade could relieve General Palmer at once by making a movement. I can move with 6,000 men, to- wit, 2,000 sabers and 4,000 infantry, with two batteries of artillery, at any moment, from Williamsburg in the direction I indicated to you in conversation. The roads are practicable. There are no troops in Richmond save the City Battalion. Pickett's division has but one brigade in Petersbutg. I do not believe that Lee has 20,000 men in front of Meade, because it is thoroughly understood that Meade is in winter quarters. Why can't Meade move on Friday! They are fortifying the road that runs from Richmond in the direction of Danville. They began on Monday with 5,000 negroes, which they have impressed under their new law of Congress. Please advise me upon all these points, and whether I can get any aid for North Carolina in case the attack turns out a siege. I am certain that two regiments from each division of Lee's army have gone south over the Petersbutg road, besides all of Pickett's division except one brigade at Petersburg.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, February 3, 1864.

Brigadier- General PALMER,

Commanding New Berne:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, by the hand of Lieutenant McVey, was received at a quarter to 1 o'clock. He seems to have made all diligence to get here.

I send to Morehead City the Twenty- first Connecticut by the Spaulding; that is the only infantry regiment which I can spare at the present time. Major Bates, Lieutenant McVey, and Colonel Ripley return with her. I need not say to you hold on in any event. If the attack turns into a seige we will be there in the rear to take part in it. I have notified Admiral Lee, so that he may make such naval dispositions as he sees fit. I will also forward by telegraph the substance of your dispatch to the commanding general of the army. The force given as opposed to you is exaggerated. Two regiments of each division of Lee's army, Hoke's brigade of Early's division, and one brigade of Pickett's division is all that is before you. They do not amount to more than 8,000 men, and your force, with plenty of provisions and ammunition, would seem to be amply sufficient. If rally necessary you might concentrate from either Plymouth or Washington all the force which could be spared.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Palmer's report of February 1, p. 49.

---------------

