
CUMBERLAND, MD., February 4, 1864- 10 a. m.

(Received 2. 45 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

Nothing important during the night from Colonel Mulligan. When last heard from he was within 12 miles of Moorefield. Prisoners captured report that Rosser intended to have gone east by the Northwestern turnpike to Winchester, and, forming a junction with a force advance down the Shenandoah Valley, under command of Imboden, attack Martinsburg, believing it had been weakened by the withdrawal of troops to support me, but Sullivan's cavalry arriving at Romney had frustrated his design and forced him toward Moorefield. I have advised Sullivan. The North Branch bridge was repaired last night, and the trains passed over. The Paatterson's Creek bridge will be repaired to- day. All quiet and safe west of this on the railroad.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, February 4, 1864- 3 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Brigadier- General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

A dispatch just received from Colonel Mulligan, dated 8 a. m., at the ford 3 miles below Moorefield. The enemy had crossed and were holding it. Mulligan had opened his artillery on him. Sullivan's cavalry had joined him.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., February 4, 1864.

Captain BOONE,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

Major Bell left with 200 men at daylight as ordered. Any news!

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., February 4, 1864.

Lieutenant F. A. NIMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General:

Is Major Bell to go through Winchester and Strasburg or to avoid them, and is he to go to Woodstock! Is the small party to go through Winchester and join Major Bell or to return here from Winchester!

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., February 4, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

Major Bell will not go through Winchester and Strasburg, but will send a small detachment through those places to rejoin him

