
above. He will go to Woodstock. The small party will go through and join Major Bell, and will not return until the whole scout is performed.

F. A. NIMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, W. Va., February 4, 1864.

Major WILLIAM BELL, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry:

You will proceed at daylight with 150 men of your own regiment and a detachment of the Fifteenth New York Cavalry up the valley, avoiding Winchester and Strasburg. You will proceed as far as Woodstock. At the most convenient point on this side of Winchester you will detach a reliable officer and 25 men, who will proceed direct through Winchester and Strasburg and join you at Woodstock. He will be directed to seize all the mails in the post- offices marching with three days' rations and forage.

All papers are to be brought to these headquarters without examination.

R. S. RODGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Buckhannon, W. Va., February 4, 1864.

Captain MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the within memorial from citizens of the upper end of Lewis County, W. Va., praying a more sufficient protection against thieves and robbers.

Please allow me to say the complaint is by no means groundless. With the forces I have had here under my command I have been unable to afford the protection that is due those people in proportion soldiers than the one above referred to, and, furthermore, West Virginia has no better sons of which to boast than those living in this section. I have had one company of cavalry and part of another at this post during the winter, the horses of which have been worn out over and over at Beverly by a portion of one of the company in my command stationed there as mounted scouts for Colonel A. Moor; therefore, I trust that you will readily perceive my want of men and means to protect a front of at least 60 miles length. May I suggest the propriety of having sent to my command two more companies of the Third Virginia Cavalry, that I may protect this section of country more securely and hurt the enemy worse if he comes en masse! My late company, Captain T. F. Roane, would be very effective here, and I much desire them for the safety of the county. Please give, if possible, a remedy and what may seem best to you.

I am, your servant, respectfully,

LOT BOWEN,

Major, Commanding Post.

P. S. - I have a report at this moment that 100 rebels are coming mounted. If they come I hope they will give a good account of us before they are done.

