
command) as soon as siege is raised. Please do not fail to represent this matter to Captain Flausser. I have no idea where Captain Davenport is now. He has been away from here for some time.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier-General WESSELS,

Commanding Sub-district of the Albemarke.

[Indorsement.]

SUB-DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,

Plymouth, N. C., February 3, 1864-4 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded left this place last night for New Berne; the Miami at daylight this morning for Washington, at the urgent request of Colonel McChesney, as he feared an attempt to cut him off from below was likely to be made. The Fifteenth Connecticut Volunteers are now preparing to embark for New Berne.

I can learn thus far of no indications to attack this place, but the movements of the enemy are secret, and it is impossible for me to divine their intentions. It will be seen that I am weak, having too few men to cover the lines, and but two small gun-boats-Seymour and Bombshell-without heavy guns. I have relied on the large gun-boats for their flanking fire on my right and left. I now rely more on the distance from railway and the impoverished condition of the country as a preventive for sending an overwhelming force to this point. A small one I do not fear.

H. W. WESSELS,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

NOTE. -The supply of breadstuff is very small here, and should communication with new Berne be interrupted, it must come from Fort Monroe. I can do for ten days yet, but except to diminish the rations.

H. W. W.

NEW BERNE, February 2, 1864-5. 15 p. m.

MAJOR: I am justice informed by telegraph that the post of Newport is attacked, and I think it will fall. The rebels have the railroad now between Newport and Morehead City. The post of Evans' Mill is also surrounded, and our little forces at these points will no doubt be defeated, as the opposing numbers are much the largest. Colonel Jourdan still has Morehead City, but he may be forced to evacuate it and retire to Fort Macon. As long as we can keep the river open to its mouth we are well enough off here, but we have no means of keeping the river clear. I must now take to digging more, and hold on and do my best. I think I shall bring two regiments here from Plymouth, and ask the senior naval officer there to come here with one or two large gun-boats. Could not a few of them come here from Fort Monroe? You will perceive that this attack by the enemy

