
CUMBERLAND, February 4, 1864- 5 p. m.

Colonel N. WILKINSON,

Clarksburg:

Your telegram to Colonel Mulligan has been reported to me. You will order the company, as you proposed, to Weston. Put your Bulltown force on their guard. Order them to keep fully posted in regard to the movements of the enemy. Have ordered Colonel Hall to send two companies of the Tenth Virginia on a scout into Webster County. Advise Bowen of your information.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

CUMBERLAND, February 4, 1864- 10 p. m.

Lieutenant RUSSELL,

New Creek:

Send out orders to Colonel Snider to send scout of two companies and open communication with Colonel Mulligan. Order the One hundred and thirty- ninth Pennsylvania to move to Burlington; to move early in the morning and keep the road well scouted between Burlington and Colonel Mulligan. Is the Twenty- third Illinois at Greenland Gap! If so, order Colonel Quirk to scout out on the Patterson's Creek road, and know if any force should be passing down the valley. I will send the Thirty- fourth Massachusetts Regiment to New Creek to- morrow.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 4, 1864.

(Received 4. 20 p. m.)

Major- General HALLECK, General- in Chief:

Dispatches from Brigadier- General Palmer, at New Berne, dated 2nd February, at 5. 15 p. m. The post of Newport, between New Berne and Beaufort, is expected to fall. Colonel Jourdan still holds Morehead City, but may have to evacuate and go to Fort Macon. The naval gun- boat Underwriter has been surprised by the enemy and blown up near New Berne. The railroad is probably cut off between New Berne and Beaufort. The river is still open. Palmer has 3,500 man under his command. They have provisions for 6,000 for ninety days. I will endeavor to re- enforce New Berne by a company of heavy artillery, which is the arm they will need. I telegraphed Major- General Sedgwick as you desired, but have received no answer. I still think the enemy's force is not more than 8,000. May not the movement I suggested when I saw you be the best way to relieve New Berne! I await instructions.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General.

FORT MONROE, VA., February 4, 1864- 4 p. m.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

G. V. FOX, Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

Your telegram received. Glad to see you on Saturday. The rebels are besieging New Berne; have captured and blown up the

