
of infantry and one or two regiments of cavalry, numbering in all between 3,000 and 4,000 men. No portion of Lee's army is in Richmond, unless some of the troops mentioned above have been stopped there. The information upon this head is exact and positive. Two brigades of Pickett's division have been sent recently from James River or the vicinity of Richmond to North Carolina. Lee's army is in my front, on the Rapidan, the advance corps of the two armies being from three to four hours' march apart. The condition of the roads and the present state of the weather render an attempt at a flank movement impossible. The Rapidan in my front is so strongly intrenched that a demonstration upon it would not disturb Lee's army.

JOHN DEDGWICK,

Major- General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, February 4, 1864- 4. 35 p. m.

Major- General Sedgwick,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Dispatch received.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, February 4, 1864.

SIGNAL OFFICER OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of services performed by the detachment Signal Corps, U. S. Army, under my command, for the last month:Second Lieutenant Clyde, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, was assigned to duty with the various picket stations communicating with headquarters,and, when practicable, with station at Mills' Gap. I have heretofore mentioned that the last station is some 7 miles beyond our lines, but as a point of observation is invaluable and has bee maintained at the express desire of the general commanding. I have been able to obtain a guard which will be sufficient to protect the signal party, if my instructions are obeyed. Although frequently menaced by the enemy there have been no casualties, and the vigilance of the officers at that station demand special commendation. One of my officers (Lieutenant A. C. Merritt) having been absent on leave for the latter part of the month, I was unable to open a new station.

Lieutenants Denicke and Merritt, acting signal officers, are both at Mills' Gap and report hourly all observations made, the arrival; of rebel deserters, &amp;c. I am unable to supply the current wants of my party as regards means of transportation, the late raids having rendered to a great extent my horses useless, several having been abandoned and the remainder not serviceable for hard, active service such as we are particularly liable to at any moment. This want of horses is not confined to my party; the cavalry are in nearly the same condition, and receive all the horses sent to this point. My requisitions have not been filled, and there is no prospect of their being so.

33R R- VOL XXXIII

