HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1864.

Major- General NEWTON:

Hold your corps ready to move to- morrow morning with three days' rations, three or four batteries of artillery, and a few ambulances. Orders will be sent you to- night. Picket- line to be kept as usual. Camp guards to be left. Trains to be left.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major- General, Chief of Staff.

MITCHELL'S, February 5, 1864.

Captain BACON,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

Armor that the enemy were moving part of his forces was current in camp, and was said to have been received by the signal officer. I never received it officially, and as I could not trace it to any reliable source (the pickets did not report any change) I did not mention it. The enemy's pickets were in front to- day.

ALFRED GEBBS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 5, 1864.

The following movements will be made to- morrow, the 6th instant;

1. Brigadier- General Gregg will direct Merritt's division of cavalry to move, with at least one battery of artillery, to Barnett's Ford on the Rapidan, and make demonstrations to cross and attack the enemy there and on the upper Rapidan. General Gregg will also direct General Kilpatrick to move with his division and at least one battery of artillery to the Rapidan, at Culpeper Ford, cross that artillery of this division will not cross the Rapidan, but will be left on will be left as usual. Strong camp and train guards will be left. The demonstration will be continued through Sunday, the 7th, and Monday morning. The cavalry will return to its former position by Monday evening unless otherwise ordered.

2. The First Corps, Major- General Newton commanding, will move to the vicinity of Raccoon Ford, with at least three batteries of artillery, ad make demonstrations to cross the river at that point or in that vicinity, through Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, returning to its present camp Monday evening, unless otherwise ordered. The brigade at Mitchell's Station will remain as now posted.

