
3. The Second Corps, Major- General Warren commanding, will move to the vicinity of Morton's Ford, with at least three batteries of artillery, and make demonstrations to cross the river at that point or in that vicinity, through Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, returning to its present camp Monday evening, unless otherwise ordered.

4. The troops will take with them three days' rations, such ambulances as may be absolutely required for the troops, and such light wagons as may be necessary for headquarters.

5. The artillery left in camp and the ammunition and ambulance trains, medical and hospital wagons, will be held ready to move at a moment's notice.

6. The picket- lines will be left as usual, and strong guards will be left to take care of the camp and trains.

7. The Third and Sixth Corps will be ready to move at a moment's notice, provided in the same manner as the First and Second Corps, with the same preparations as these corps in respect to artillery, ammunition trains, &amp;c.

8. The commanders of the First and Second Corps and the cavalry divisions will keep the commanding general constantly and promptly advised of their progress, of the dispositions of the enemy, and of everything of importance that takes place.

9. The movements ordered will be commenced tomorrow at 7 a. m., or as soon thereafter as practicable.

By command of Major- General Sedgwick:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 5, 1864.

Brigadier- General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

The general commanding directs that you have your command ready to move to- morrow at 7 a. m., with not less than three days' rations and forage, if possible. Picket- lines to be left as usual, and very strong camp guards and train guards to be left. You will take one battery with your command. Full instructions will be sent you to- night. Acknowledge receipt of this.

C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 5, 1864- 12. 30 p. m.

Brigadier- General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I inclose you a circular* of the movements of the troops to- morrow. The general commanding directs that you carry out the orders laid down in the circular for your division, being careful to leave a strong guard with the battery this side of the river, and make frequent reports of your progress and of the movements and dispositions of the enemy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See p. 515.

---------------

