
GENERAL. How did you get through!

Mr. Holmes got a man to bring me to guide me. He paid him $1,000 in Confederate money, and he brought me to the Chickahominy and left me there. He fooled me. I came across the river. I got a boat. I don't think there are any men on the Chickahominy, or only a few cavalry. There are none nearer than Lee's army. At Chaffin's farm there is about a regiment. He told me to tell you that Drewry's Bluff is the strongest point; he said you must come around Richmond on the other side. Morgan is applying for 1,000 men. The papers say he is going to make a raid into Kentucky. I don't believe that, though, for if he was the papers would not say so. Miss Van Lew said that all the women ought to be kept from passing from Baltimore to Richmond. She said they did a great deal of harm. She also said that there was a Mrs. Graves who carried a meil through to Portsmouth. She hoped you would catch her. The last time she brought a mail into Portsmouth she came in a wagon selling corn.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 5, 1864- 9 p. m.

Major- General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

Your dispatch received. I will make the demonstration to- morrow.

JOHN DEDGWICK,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS WISTAR'S DIVISION,Fort Magruder, February 5, 1864.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: You will march to- morrow morning at 11 a. m. with Captain Hill's company (F), First New York Mounted Rifles, in advance, passing all other troops and keeping right on. At New Kent Court- House it is expected that Captain Hill will ride down and capture the pickets, by having picked horses in advance; the same with the picket at Baltimore Cross- Roads. At Bottom's Bridge is a rebel picket of 20 men; the bridge must be carried without firing, if possible. There is believed to be a practicable ford on each side of it. You will leave 100 men of the First District Cavalry to hold the bridge until the arrival of the infantry, some hours later. One mile and a half on a hill on your right hand are encamped about 250 effective men, of the Holcombe Legion (rebel). If they don't attack yu pay them no attention, but push right on at as rapid a rate as your horses can stand, in order to surprise Battery Number 2, near Richmond; having surprised,m captured, or passed that, you will dash forward. At Rocketts a detachment of 250 of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, under Major Stratton, previously instructed and the navy- yard. Next, the Third New York, Lieutenant- Colonel Lewis, will break off to the left to attend to the Libby Prison and other public buildings. This detachment will then cross Mayo's Bridge, dash up on the other side and seize the bride to Belle Island, liberating the prisoners, who will cross by Petersburg railroad bridge,

