
the Third New York returning across Mayo's Bridge,burning it behind them, together with the Danville bridge; and after the prisoners have crossed it(the Mayo bridge) at Sixteenth street, Colonel Onderdonk, with 250 of his regiment, will turn of to the right and destroy the Central Railroad depot and contents at corner Broad and Sixteenth streets, and then the Fredericksburg Railroad depot at Broad and Eighth street, being careful to cut the telegraph the first thing . At Twelfth street, or sooner, Major Whelan, with 300 of First New York Mounted Rifles, will turn to the right and capture Jeff. Davis at his residence, corner Twelfth and Marshall streets. The Fifth Pennsylvania, Lieutenant- Colonel Lewis, will keep right on up Main or Cary streets to Eighth street, where they will cooperate in the attack on Belle Island by the Third New York on the opposite side of the river,and then destroy the Tredegar Iron- Works and numerous public buildings, factories, and store- houses adjacent. Yourself, with the remainder of the Eleventh Pennsylvania and the First District Cavalry, will proceed direct to the Capitol square and remain there as a reserve to support the various detachments. Each detachment will be instructed to report to you there when its duties are performed, except Major Wheelan's detachment, which, with their prisoner, if taken, will at once make their way back by direct road to Bottom's Bridge and join the infantry column at that point or beyond. All the officers designated to command detachments will be thoroughly instructed by you on the road, and their proper and convenient places in line assigned. Other instructions have been given you verbally. You will familiarize your principal officers with them carefully en route. You will be safe in Richmond for about three hours, after which, and possibly two hours, your retreat will be menaced by the troops from Chaffin's farm.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, February 5, 1864.

Colonel McCHESNEY,

Commanding Sub- district of Pamlico:

COLONEL: Brigadier- General Palmer, commanding, directs me to say that he is awaiting with some anxiety reliable intelligence from yu, rumors having reached him to the effect that you were threatened by a force of the enemy. Should such be the case prompt measures will be adopted for your re- enforcement. The enemy, whose force is ascertained to have exceeded 15,000, has retired from our front, and the line of the railroad toward Morehead is now being reconnoitered to determine if the force that attacked Newport simultaneously with the advance upon New Berne has also been withdrawn. At this moment we are without reliable intelligence from Newport and Morehead, the communications by railroad and telegraph having been cut on the afternoon of the 2nd instance. So far as ascertained, the success of the enemy has been inconsiderable and our own loss small.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

