HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,February 6, 1864- 12 m.

Brigadier- General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: My people are crossing without opposition at Culpeper Ford. We found a small picket here of 6 men. I have been unable as yet to ascertain the strength of the enemy on my front. I will keep you advised from time to time.

Very respectfully, J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier- General, Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION.

February 6, 1864- 3 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I have crossed the river with the larger portion of my cavalry. I found but a few rebels, who immediately retired, and continue to retire as my men advance. I find the ford very bad; impossible for artillery of wagons to cross. I have sent parties down the river to Ely's Ford and up the river in the direction of Germanna Ford. I have also advanced some of my people across the plank road on the old pike, but can find nothing of the enemy. Some of Hampton's cavalry have been doing the picketing at these fords. I shall move my cavalry, save my artillery support, up the river in the direction of Germanna Ford and Robertson's Tavern, and try and find the enemy's right. Their lines are reported to run from Verdierville to Orange Court- House, bending toward Mine Run. As I can find but small parties of the enemy here I would ask for further instructions, and would suggest that I be permitted to mover my artillery and wagons with the artillery supports up to the Germanna Ford, on the north side, my cavalry moving up on this (the south) side. Prisoners report that Hampton's entire cavalry division is encamped at or near Hamilton's entire cavalry division is encamped at or near Hamilton's Crossing near Fredericksburg. Messenger will reach me best by crossing at Germanna Ford.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 6, 1864.

Brigadier- General Kilpatrick,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

The general commanding directs that you recross the river to- morrow with your command and take up again the position occupied by your troops before the movement.

C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff.

