
affairs, but I cannot with my utmost assiduity accomplish what I would and what is necessary without some additional assistance. Colonel Jones, who will bear to you this letter, will, I hope, make a full statement to you.

Should the interests of the service demand that I be placed in command of this division, I would respectfully request that some competent officer be ordered her at once to verify and examine the accounts of the quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance departments. However, general, I would candidly state that I do not wish this command. You will readily believe me when I state that I am more fitted for executive than administrative duties. To return to my cavalry would afford me the greatest happiness. Send here any one you choose, junior or senior to me. I shall always be ready to act in a soldierly and faithful manner. Whatever your orders I shall obey them strictly and cheerfully, but please let me remind you, general, that my greatest ambition is to be your chief of cavalry, and let me assure you that I shall labor that you may never have cause to regret it.

Hoping that this communication will not fail to meet with your consideration.

I remain, general, with sincere respect, your obedient servant,

A. N. DUFFIE,

Brigadier- General, Commanding Third Division.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., February 6, 1864.

Colonel RODGERS,

Martinsburg, Va.:

Direct Colonel Schoonmaker to go to Winchester with all his available cavalry at once. My cavalry are returning from Moorefield by way of Romney.

J. C. SULLIVAN.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, February 6, 1864.

Brigadier- General SULLIVAN,

Gaper's Ferry:

Dispatch from your headquarters received through Colonel Rodgers. The command sent out by General Kelley has not yet returned. I have, in consequence, hardly a sufficiency of horses to perform the picket duty at this post. If you desire, these can be relieved and sent. My instructions from department headquarters are to obey all orders from you until otherwise ordered; therefore please let all your communications be sent me direct as the commanding officer of an organized division in the department. I cannot consistently in same department. I referred the matter of rank to the colonel, who desires me to learn from you the date of his muster. Answer.

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

