
U. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

New Berne, February 6, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here yesterday, finding all quiet, the enemy having retired from in front of New Berne. From information received, it is believed that the enemy designed making a combined and vigorous assault, but one of the generals (Barton) failed to come up in time. The fort at Newport Barracks was taken by the enemy; one gun was saved. It is proposed to investigate the affair. I will go there as soon as the railroad is repaired. The railroad is not badly damaged. The bridge over Newport River was partially damage, but the bridge at Havelock was destroyed; a culvert was also blown up, but repairs will be made by to- morrow evening (Sunday). I shall be ready to return by Wednesday. General Pallmer will send a report by the Spaulding. Before leaving I will have everything concerning the late attack, so that I may give you a detailed report.

With much respect, I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS U. FARQUHAR,

Chief Engineer, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina.
HDQRS. FORCES AND DEFENSES OF NEW BERNE,New Berne, N. C., February 6, 1864.

Colonel SAVAGE,

Twelfth New York Cavalry:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say to you that it will be necessary for you to keep a careful, constant lookout for that part of our front not immediately under the eye of Colonel Classen's regiment, for as yet we have no sort of communication with him except by mounted messengers.

To- morrow telegraphic communication will probably be secured, and perhaps the trains may then commence running. Until that time the general depends entirely upon your cavalry to keep him informed of the condition of affairs in front. The general, therefore, directs you to retain your camp, as previously directed, at Camp Palmer, establishing one squadron at Camp Judson for picket duty; to make scouts on the Trent, Neuse, and Washington roads, and to Beech Grove; and in fact to take care of all approaches to our position here. The general wishes to caution you particularly of the danger of leaving the Washington road unguarded.

You will sen word to Colonel Claas seen that the general wishes him (if he has not already done it) to send a company to occupy Beech Grove. You will leave there six or eight troopers for duty as vedettes and messengers for that post. Say also to Colonel Claassen re- enforcements, probably of one regiment, will probably be sent him soon. The general desires you to communicate the substance of these directions to Colonel Claassen. He, of course, leaves the execution of the details to your and Colonel C. 's best judgment. Keep the headquarters advised of the condition of your men and horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

