
occupying Greenland Gap permanently. " I am of the opinion that Burlington and Greenland Gap are the proper exterior points for observation and the defense of this post and an extended tract of railroad. I would build block- houses at both mouths of the gap and erect favorable earth- works for a section of artillery. Here I would station a strong regiment with two companies of cavalry to keep the country scoured on both sides of the New Creek range into Petersburg and by the Moorefield and Alleghany Junction to Inskip's Ford on the South Branch, overlooking Moorefield. At Burlington I would erect strong works, equal to the occupation of three regiments of infantry and two sections of artillery. Here, too, should be stationed two mounted regiments, less the two companies occupying the gap. These forces would hold both junctions(Mill Creek and Pattterson's) and scout to Romney and Moorefield unceasingly. For a month or more I would bivouac the mounted regiments in the neighborhood of Reynolds' Gap (between 2 and 3 miles from north end of Old Fields), and let them consume the abundant hay and corn of that region. This would properly do away with one of the main facilities are indispensable. With them, the last raid would have been successfully settled at Burlington the first day the enemy entered, instead of the wearying pursuit to Moorefield, with but partial success, by reason of exhausted cavalry hurried from the Ferry and Martinsburg. The Ringgold Battalion is without any organizing talent at its head, and I respectfully suggest, if the general commanding deems my views regarding the two mounted regiments worthy of approval, that they should be assigned to one of the large cavalry commands for organization and discipline.

With respect, faithfully,

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. SUB- DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,Plymouth, N. C., February 7, 1864.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant- General, District of North Carolina:

MAJOR: On the 4th instant I addressed a communication to the commanding general, stating that a formidable expedition was preparing at or near Halifax, provided with boats, the object being to recover possession of this river. I have no reason thus far to doubt the truth of this statement; in the words of my informant, "there was a very large army. " Refugees from Joyner's Station, near Rocky Mount, state that for ten days preceding Tuesday last trains of cars filled with troops were passing that place, both day and night, going toward Goldsborough, which accounts for the demonstrations on from Wilmington state that Marin's and Clingman's brigades had left that place and that the town was guarded principally by the home guards. Launches have also been constructed there and transported toward Kinston. The troops passing Rocky Mount were North Carolina regiments, but it was said that a strong force of Georgian cavalry marched from that place to Wison, where they divided.

