
I believe it is perfectly reliable to state that a naval brigade has been organized in Richmond for the purpose of operating in these sounds and tributary rivers, and that they may be heard from at almost any moment. Refugees state that among the inhabitants various motives are attributed for the recent and sudden concentration of troops in this State. Jefferson Davis had promised large rewards if they would recapture New Berne and Washington. Some believe it was to collect conscripts and supplies, whilst others consider it a movement to repress the spirit of agitation among the people. Thus far no change has been made on the line of the Sweet Water; but as it is better to prevent than to invite an attack in a small force I request re- enforcements, 3,000 effective men, until the emergency has passed or till the designs of the enemy are fully developed. In my opinion, it is desirable to have the Chowan River carefully watched. I am positively assured that torpedoes have been placed in the river at Petty's Shore, 6 or 7 miles below Winton, but the Rombshell has passed there at least twice without damage. I have the honor to request that forage be sent here at once; also flour or bread.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSLLS,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers, Commanding.

NEW BERNE, N. C., February 7, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SAVAGE,

Twelfth New York Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that it will be necessary for you to save the strength of your men and horses as much as possible, and perhaps to guard the roads by patrols and scouts rather than by pickets.

The general fully appreciates the labors of the Twelfth Cavalry, as well as that of the One hundred and thirty- second New York, and he trusts that in a few days he may be able to give the result of a scout made by a portion of Colonel Amory's command yesterday in the direction of Pollocksville. The following is an extract from Colonel Amory's report:

Three companies of infantry and a small detachment of cavalry under Lieutenant Lansing, Twelfth New York Cavalry, composed the force sent. The infantry marched to within 3 miles of Pollocksville, when the cavalry in advance came upon the enemy's pickets at Mil Creek, half a mile this side of Pollocksville. Lieutenant Lansing reports a breastwork or line of rifle- pits about 20 rods in length on the opposite side of the creek, from which I judge the enemy have an outpost at Pollocksville, and probably occupy Trenton in like manner.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., February 7, 1864.

Colonel P. J. CLAASSEN,

Commanding Outposts:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes to be informed precisely what line you are occupying. He

