
NEW BERNE, N. C., February 4, 1864-3. 15 p. m.

MAJOR: Since my communication of yesterday several gun-boats have arrived, and in case of attempt to erect batteries on the river we have sufficient force, I think, to put a stop to them. I have been feeling my way down to the coast by the railroad to-day. The rebels have been hovering along the track, but as yet I have heard of but little damage done by them. I have sent a force to Croatan, 10 miles from here, and I hope soon to have communication along the whole line. The force of the rebels on the opposite side of the Neuse River was three regiments of infantry, four pieces of artillery, and 500 cavalry, sent there, as I am informed by some deserters who have come in, for the purpose of capturing the force at Forts Anderson and Chase, in the event of the capture of the post of New Berne. There is a rumor that the enemy is still in large force at Newport, 11 miles from Morehead, but I doubt it.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW BERNE, N. C., February 5, 1864.

GENERAL: I am directed by Brigadier-General Palmer, commanding, to express to you his thanks for your prompt and generous compliance, with the request for re-enforcements from your command. The Fifteenth Connecticut, Colonel Upham, was reported at these headquarters about 9 o'clock last evening. Appearances favor the conclusion that the enemy hast retired from this vicinity, and should this prove to be the case your troops will be returned so soon as we feel secure. In the mean time information from you will be attentively awaited, and the general will hold himself in readiness to respond to any demands you may feel called upon to make. General Butler states that two regiments from each division of Lee's army, in all about 8,000 men, had been sent into North Carolina, and is of the opinion that this constituted the entire force in our front; but our information is positive that Pickett's entire from Tennessee was also here, the whole force being under Pickett's command. We have deserters and prisoners from all Pickett's brigades. If General Butler's information is accurate the enemy must have been in stronger force than we had believed. We are now reconnoitering the line of the railroad toward Morehead, in which direction there are still traces of the enemy.

We have no reliable information that Washington is threatened; should such be the case we may have to spare some of our troops in that direction.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General WESSELS,

Commanding Sub-District of the Albemarle.

NEW BERNE, N. C., February 7, 1864.

MAJOR: Since my last communication to you the Spaulding has arrived at Morehead, and the Twenty-first Connecticut are doing

