
FORT MONROE, February 8, 1864.

(Received 8. 25 p. m.)

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Despatch- boat just in from New Berne. General Palmer reports everything is going on well in this district. The losses by the United States in the way of public property are too trifling to mention. We have lost some few good officers and men killed, wounded, and prisoners.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major- General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, February 8, 1864- 10. 45 p. m.

Major- General BUTLER:

The order relieving Captain Farquhar is revoked, as you desire. You will return it to the Adjutant- General. Your telegrams announcing the result of your expedition have been received. Its failure, through the treacherous disclosure of a deserter, could not be effectually guarded against, and, while regretting the want of success, I am glad the enterprise has not suffered disaster. Perhaps there will be better luck next time.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW BERNE, N. C., February 8, 1864.

Captain J. W. DENNY, Chief Provost- Marshal:

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the general commanding to say that the newspaper called the New Berne Times is suppressed, for publishing what is considered by the commanding general matter calculated to give false and injurious impressions of the more recent military operations here. You will notify the proprietor of this order of the commanding general, and see yourself personally that the issue of the paper is immediately stopped.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., February 9, 1864- 1. 49 p. m.

Major- General MEADE, Philadelphia:

I am rejoiced that your health is improving, and hope you will not run any risk by premature exposure. This Department is not informed of anything requiring your immediate return. The newspapers will tell you all that is going on and a good deal more.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

PONY MOUNTAIN, February 9, 1864- 12 m.

Captain NORTON:

I have been prevented until now from making morning report, as usual. Enemy have withdrawn from their intrenchments, and occupy their old camps; no new ones are observed. Atmosphere is clearing, and will report concisely this p. m.

PAINE.

