HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,February 10, 1864.

Captain T. C. BACON,

Assistant Adjutant- General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of this date relative to the want of communication between the pickets of this brigade and those of Colonel Chapman's command has been received, and in reply I have the honor to state that I have just returned from a personal inspection of the right of my line, and that the vedeatte upon the extreme left of Colonel Chapman's line. These pickets were upon opposite sides of a ravine and so near together as to admit of verbal communication. The connection between the pickets of the two brigades during the day is perfect, and is only broke, as I was informed, by the withdrawal at night of the left vedette of the First Brigade to a point about 100 yards to the rear.

Although I cannot see the necessity for, or the utility of, this change, I have directed my pickets to conform to it and to make every exertion to keep the connection unbroken. Upon the return of the brigade from the expedition of the 6th and 7th instant I am informed that it was reported to these headquarters by the officer in command of the picket of the First Brigade. This fact was twice reported to division headquarters by telegraph, as was also the want of connection at night, occasioned by the withdrawal of the vedette previously mentioned. My extreme right now rests at the schoolhouse, where it has been stationed since the First Brigade returned from Sulphur Springs. I have the honor herewith to transmit the reports of Captains Norris and Rodenbough, relative to the facts above set forth, together with a small document* from First Lieutenant James C. Hunt, First U. S. Cavalry, upon the same subject. How the report could have arisen that there was any want of connection between the lines I am at a loss to understand, and I am satisfied that no disfunction has occurred for which there is any evidence to show that this brigade is responsible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. THORP,

Lieutenant Colonel First New York Dragoons, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND U. S. CAVALRY,Near Mitchell's Station, Va., February 8, 1864.

[Lieutenant W. H. H. EMMONS:]

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that my pickets were unable to connect with the line of pickets on the right, at the schoolhouse. Patrols were sent to find the pickets of the cavalry, but could nit find them within 2 1\2 miles.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully,

CHAS, E. NORRIS,

Captain, Second Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

35 R R- VOL XXXIII

