
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

CAMP SECOND U. S. CAVALRY,

Near Mitchell's Station, Va., February 8, 1864- 8 a. m.

Lieutenant W. H. H. EMMONS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Reserve Cavalry Brigade:

LIEUTENANT: I have to report no change in the picket- line, except that a regiment of infantry took position last night at Somerville Ford, apparently to watch the enemy at that point. Lieutenant Cahill, who relieved Lieutenant Horrigan, Second Cavalry, yesterday on the extreme right, at the school- house, reports that he is unable to make any connection with Chapman on the right, having patrolled 2 miles to the right without meeting the vedettes of the other brigade. The Second U. S. Cavalry have been doing picket duty on this line for three days and three nights consecutively.

Respectfully,

T. F. RODENBOUGH,

Captain, Second U. S. Cav., Act. Field Officer of the Day.

P. S. - Lieutenant Lawless just reports that the infantry at Somerville Ford have been withdrawn.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 10, 1864- 5 p. m.

(Received 5. 40 p. m.)

Brigadier- General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The following telegram from General Sullivan transmitted for the information of the General- in- Chief:

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., February 10, 1864.

General KELLEY:

Twenty- four refugees have just come in- able- bodied men- fleeing from conscription. They report a feeling of terror and despair in the counties of Page and Rockingham at the wholesale conscripting order of the Confederate Congress. The Twelfth Georgia is one of the regiments employed i conscripting, who savagely shoot down all caught in trying to escape.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier- General.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 10, 1864.

Received 1. 40 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing new since my last telegram. Duffie's scouts to recapture Scammon not yet returned. Large number of deserters in Early's and Rosser's forces coming from them, mostly deserters on the retreat from the South Branch to the Shenandoah Valley. Our scouts killed the notorious guerrilla chief Mike Kane, and captured 4 f his gang of desperadoes in the mountains near Moorefield day before yesterday. Early took from the South Branch Valley quite a number of cattle and sheep. He made no distinction; took from rebels as well as Union men.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

