HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 2nd DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Clarksburg, W. Va., February 10, 1864.

Lieutenant M. J. RUSSESS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, New Creek, W. Va.:

LIEUTENANT: I am in receipt of a telegram from apt. C. J. Harrison, commanding at Bulltown, dated February 10, 1864, which reads as follows:

From a rebel mail captured a few days ago, just from Jackson's camp at Warm Springs, and Camp Cameron, Bath County, I learn that Jackson's command is at the above- named places and his forces larger than he has yet had. The letters say they will be out this way early in the spring; that Jackson and Early both have promised the men to come. From another source I learn that Jackson has four regiments, numbering 4,000 men, and that as soon as weather permits will make a raid through this country aiming principally at Bulltown.

Imboden's command was at the foot of Alleghany Mountains January 27, 1864.

I am, respectfully, yours,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Creek, W. Va., February 12, 1864.

Copy respectfully forwarded for information of the general commanding department.

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, February 10, 1864.

W. E. BOND, J. J. CAMON, JOSEPH F. WAFF:

GENTLEMEN: In answer to the inquiry proposed by you, as a committee from the citizens of Chowan County, N. C. I respectfully answer to the first, viz:

First. What will be the policy pursued toward the citizens of Chowan if they continue peaceable and quiet, abstaining from all acts of hostility!

Answer. That if the inhabitants of that county remain peaceable and quiet, abstaining from all acts of hostility, aiding blockade- running, or concealing guerrillas, they will not be interfered with by the troops of the United States, as we have no occasion to go into any parts of the country where no acts of hostility are committed against the Government.

To the second question, viz:

Second. Will expeditions be projected into our county, and, if found necessary to make them, will peaceable citizens and private property be protected and respected!

Answer. That unless some portion of Chowan County is occupied by some forces or signal parties of the Confederacy, or some parties hostile to the United States take refuge in that county, no expedition will be sent therein, and if it becomes necessary to send expeditions there the private persons and property of peaceable citizens will be protected, and the expeditions be conducted on the principles laid down in General Orders, Numbers 10, current series, a copy of which is hereby inclosed.

