
To the third question, viz:

Third. Was not the order requiring and enforcing the oath of allegiance designed to apply only to persons embraced within your picket- lines!

Answer. That as the Government of the United States cannot throw, in fact, its protection around the citizens of Chowan, they are excused from the corresponding obligation of actively expressing their allegiance to the Government, which might endanger their safety from the enemies of the United States, and therefore the oath of allegiance will not be required of the citizens of Chowan County until they are brought within our lines.

To the fourth question, viz:

Fourth. Cannot trade with Norfolk be opened and allowed to the people of Chowan, and on what terms and under what restrictions!

Answer. That trade may be carried on with Norfolk under the same provisions as those given to the citizens of Pasquotank County, as expressed in a letter given to them, a duplicate of which is addressed to this committee.

In answer to the fifth question, viz:

Fifth. Cannot servants who have left usage prevented from returning, or at least be restrained from unnecessary offensivancess and actual outrage to feelings or property of their former owners!

I have the honor to say:

Answer. That the negroes who have left the county will not be allowed to return unless by stealth, and if upon returning in such manner they outrage the properly or persons of their former owners it is hoped that they will be arrested and held by the citizens o the county and information sent to these headquarters,in order that they may be sent for and punished.

The sixth question is a more difficult one, viz:

Sixth. Can our citizens be permitted to fish with seines and nets on Albemarle Sound and on the eastern side of Chowan River, and on what terms and under what restrictions!

Answer. It is understood by the commanding general that fishing with seines and nets in the sounds and rivers affords a large quantity of provision for the inhabitants of North Carolina. The difficulty is, therefore, that that provision thus obtained may be stored in large amounts and tempt raids there by the Confederates, to the destruction of the peace of the county, requiring an armed force to be sent there to meet those raids on our part, unless we quietly permit supplies for the rebel army to be drawn from that source. Now this is entirely irrespective of the good faith of the inhabitants of that county, for if they accumulate provisions with the intent to use them in their families they may be taken from them justifiably, under the laws o war, to support the rebel army. These circumstances surround the use of the waters adjoining Chowan County with difficulties, and by means of our gun- boats any use of the waters may be very easily prevented; but the commanding general desires, as is the policy of his Government, to extend every facility to the peaceable and quiet citizens of every part of the country to support themselves, and these facilities, so far as it can be done without injury to the success of his troops in the field, will permit fish to be taken by seines and nets in the waters adjoining the county of Chowan, on the east side of Chowan River and the Albemarle, so long as no Confederate or North Carolina State troops shall come into that

