
While the theory adopted by some officers that all the property in the rebel States belongs to the negroes, because it is the product of their labor, is theoretically true, yet it is not such a truth as can be made the foundation of Government action. Therefore negroes, while they are to be induced to join our marches and expeditions, are not to be allowed to bring with them any other than those personal effects which have belonged to them, or such property as the officer commanding may order.

If it becomes necessary to take means of transportation from their masters it is to be receipted for by the officers in command, as in other cases, stating the purpose for which such transportation is taken.

V. Competent officers make good soldiers; efficient officers can prevent outrage and plunder on the part of their men. All officers will be held strictly responsible for the acts of their men, and will be held to make good all plundering by the troops under their immediate command.

In punishing the offenses of plundering the inquiry at these headquarters will be, not which men did the act complained of, but who was the immediate commander of the men liable for the outrage.

VI. All property seized as above provided must be accounted for or turned over to the quartermaster or provost-marshal, to be taken upon their accounts, or the officers under whose command it is taken will be held liable for embezzlement.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUB-DISTRICT OF THE ALBEMARLE,

Plymouth, N. C., February 10, 1864.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Carolina:

MAJOR: I have no information of importance at this time to communicate. There is no reason to believe that the line of the enemy at Sweet Water Creek has been changed since my last report. The State of North Carolina is of infinite importance to both hostile parties, and as the points occupied are so weak as to be harassed at any moment with impunity, I feel justified in repeating my request for re-enforcements, as I desire to have it on record.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. WESSELLS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 11, 1864-9. 25 p. m. (Received 9. 40 p. m.)

THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

General Kilpatrick has been ordered to proceed at once to Washington and report to you.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General, Commanding.

