
me that Jenkins is organizing a large cavalry corps in Southwestern Virginia. His horses are already purchased, and are on the borders of North Carolina, where forage is plenty. This force is understood to be used in Western Virginia the coming spring. Although I look upon him with suspicion, still in this matter I think he tells the truth. He also informs me that the conscription act will greatly augment their army. He will go to Wheeling to-morrow. He is much such a man as George Lurty was, whom you had in custody some two years since. The scout into Webster has not yet returned. I learn, though, that they had met with some success. I started 15 or the best men of the Tenth Virginia into Pocahontas this morning, with the intention of capturing Joe Guy and two of his party, who are on Elk. I did not know at the time I addressed you that George Ward's case had been before you. I supposed that he was let out by the authorities at Wheeling alone. For this reason I placed the matter before you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. S. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Batchelder's Creek, N. C., February 11, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Captain JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Dispatch received. O. K. Rebel pickets are at Core Creek. I have reliable information that the rebel forces under General Pickett went beyond Kinston. I will ascertain what the Core Creek rebel pickets are made of.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 12, 1864-8 a. m. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

In reply to your telegram of last evening, I have to state the best chance for a successful attack on the Rapidan lay in the fact that not more than a brigade or a brigade and a half was holding the works at Morton's Ford; that the nearest re-enforcements (not counting the brigade or brigade and a half holding the works at Raccoon Ford, which could not be removed without abandoning that part of the line) were from 5 to 6 miles off (two brigades back of Somerville and Robertson's Fords); that the other posts of Ewell's corps were from 10 to 12 miles off, and Hill's corps as far off, if not farther; that the appearance of our troops at Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan, was a complete surprise, and if 1,000 or 1,200 men had rushed to the enemy's works at that point they could have been carried, and if the whole army could have been on the river, with the artillery and ammunition and other fighting trains ready to follow up the taking of the works at Morton's Ford, Lee's army would have had to fight without the advantage of the strong position of the Rapidan, rendered vastly stronger by intrenchments.

