
the city, and shall leave to-morrow morning for Washington and Plymouth. All are at work strengthening our lines where most needed. The railway is in good order again. Good cavalry is of the highest moment to us in North Carolina. General Pickett has arrested General Barton for his part in the late affair.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 13, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, of Virginia and North Carolina:

MAJOR: I have intimated in very strong terms to Major-General Pickett that he must disavow the shooting or killing of a negro soldier, and punish the offenders, or I should execute a rebel soldier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FORCES AND DEFENSES AT NEW BERNE,New Berne, N. C., February 13, 1864.

Captain J. WALDO DENNY,

Provost-Marshall:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to say that the proprietor of the North Carolina Times may be permitted to issue his paper again, but that every issue of his paper must be carefully examined at your office and approved by you before the circulation is permitted. You of course can exercise your own judgment as to what is proper and what improper matter for publication. The general also wishes you to inform the proprietor of the paper referred to that he can have all the copies of his last issue that belong to him, but that if he presumes to send one of them away from New Berne, in violation of the order already give his paper will again be suppressed, and totally.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS, February 13, 1864.

Major B. B. FOSTER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Jeff. Davis says New Berne can and must be taken. At the first high water they will send the iron-clad now building and nearly finished down the Neuse. At the same time an attack by land is to be made, so as to occupy New Berne by or on March 14, 1864.

I believe that a grand attempt will be made here at Batchelder's Creek, but really come down on the Trent side. The Gully can be and should be made as strong as my immediate front; then let them come.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

