
Gilmor about 150 to 200 strong and encamped near Mount Jackson. Before joining Gilmor he had been in the rebel army. He reports three gun-boats about Richmond, viz, the Richmond, the Fredericksburg, and the Virginia. The Richmond mounts four guns' the other two had not their guns on board. Smith refused to give any further information this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. HAMILTON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Asst. Provost-Marshal of Division.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., February 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the commanding general.

I place but little reliance in the man's statement, except so far as to the number of the raiders, as it is shown that only about 10 men actually participated in the robbery.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,New Creek, W. Va., February 16, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of West Virginia, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: The loss of the First Virginia Infantry and the Fourth West Virginia Cavalry materially weakens this point, and the absence of Colonel Thoburn, always efficient, leaves the Second Brigade without a competent commander. Could not a regiment with an active, intelligent senior colonel be ordered to this point, in order that its strength be increased and the brigade properly commanded?

Respectfully,

JAS. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS, February 16, 1864.

Captain JUDSON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of General Palmer's telegram with reference to change of troops here. Of course I will hold this front even with a corporal's guard as long as I can, but I would rather have 100 men to remain that 300 to be changed as proposed. However, I presume good reasons exist to make this frequent changing necessary. If, however, the reason is that a senior officer to myself would have to be sent with a permanent force, or the commanding general has the least hesitation to increase my command. I respectfully assure the commanding general that I shall be happy to serve under any officer by him deemed more competent or more entitled to command this important front, thereby making this front safe against any raids of the enemy. Raids on these outposts, I think, will in the future be the extent of the enemy's operations.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

