HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,February 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: In your daily memoranda of the 14th instant you report a skirmish between a party of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry and the enemy, in which Major Larrimer was killed. In that report mention is made of the misbehavior of the main body of the Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, who, it is stated, could not be prevailed upon to leave the bridge. The major-general commanding directs me to say that if you are not already engaged in preparing a report of that affair, you will please do so as soon as practicable, giving a full statement of all the circumstances in the case, and the names of the officers with this detachment whose conduct was cowardly.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send a sufficient force of your command at once, for the purpose of capturing Mosby and his party, who are to be at Markham to-night.

The prisoner Cornwell will give you information as to where Mosby will be found. The officer in charge of the party will take with him the prisoner, and if he should lead your party into a trap he will be shot. It is believed that the prisoner's statement is reliable, and you are directed the question him. After the party returns, Cornwell will at once be sent to these headquarters.

The general directs that you will send the party as soon as possible, in order that they may arrive at Markham during the night. Please report by telegraph as soon as the party returns.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. PARSONS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, February 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry:

Do not act on your suggestion by letter yesterday till I can get the views of the General-in-Chief in regard to the matter. In the mean time keep your scouts active. I suggest you send infantry scouts up both sides of the Shenandoah Valley, as far at least as Berry's Ferry. I forwarded your application to Washington. Nothing new.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

