HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, February 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Cumberland:

Hagans has come in; saw no enemy. Reports a rumor that 125 rebel cavalry passed through Wardensville day before yesterday toward Paw Paw. Could not ascertain the truth of it.

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, February 17, 1864.

Major General JOHN J. PECK,

Commanding Department of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Send a flag of truce to the rebel forces and notify them that if the members of the North Carolina regiment who have been captured are not treated as prisoners of war we shall enforce the strictest retaliation, and that I hold 2 colonels, 2 lieutenant-colonels, 2 majors, and 2 captains as hostages for their safety. But say also to General Pickett that I have refrained from putting these men in close confinemet, because I do not believe the story that any harm Regiment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FORCES AND DEFENSES OF NEW BERNE,New Berne, N. C., February 17, 1864.

Colonel P. J. CLAASSEN,

Commanding Outpost:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to say that he wishes efforts made to find a road he is certain exists, that is, some route from Beech Grove to a point on the Neuse road, in rear of the crossing of that road with the Washington road. He is of the opinion that it will be found between the Washington road and the Neuse River, and probably between that road at Batchelder's and Thoroughfare Creeks. Had this road been known a few days since our artillery and infantry might perhaps have escaped from Beech Grove. In case the enemy again occupy the Washington road, it may be of the greatest value to the picket at Beech Grove to know of some line of retreat to New Berne other than by the Washington or Batchelder's Creek and Neuse roads. At the earliest possible day, therefore, the general wishes you to send Lieutenant Wells or some other competent officer to investigate this. Should no path be found, the officer will be directed to see whether a road, practicable at least for infantry, could not be cut through the woods without too much labor. Should it be considered them to have any work os this kind done the general will send you a gang of contrabands to perform the labor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

