HDQRS. FORCES AND DEFENSES OF NEW BERNE,New Berne, N. C., February 17, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES L. UPHAM,

Fifteenth Connecticut Volunteer Infantry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to send you the following instructions for the pickets at Jacks' and railroad bridges. Copies of these orders in each case will be placed in the hands of the corporal of the picket, to be by him turned over to the relief:

JACK'S BRIDGE.

One man will be constantly on post, with his arms. During the day all commissioned officers and all enlisted men with proper passes will be permitted to cross the bridge. All Government teams will be allowed to pass without passes. All logging and other gangs of contrabands going to and coming from their daily labor will be permitted to pass without special passes in each case. All made contrabands alone can only cross when provided with passes from the provost-marshal. No colored women nor children will be permitted to pass at any time, under any pretense. No clothing nor furniture belonging to contrabands will be allowed to cross at any time, inasmuch as the introduction of such property into town is very apt to cause some sickness.

At night the guards will be instructed to take up at least 15 feet of the bridge in the center, piling the planking across the road in rear of the bridge. It will be replaced after reveille. The countersign will be given the guard by the general officer of the day, and all persons will be passed with it. Mounted or foot orderlies will always be passed day and night upon presenting passes that have been approved at these headquarters. Government trains will be passed at any hour of the night, provided the persons in charge have either the countersign or a proper pass approved as above.

RAILROAD BRIDGE.

All orders applicable to Jacks' Bridge are applicable here, except that no teams will be allowed to cross, except under circumstances of the most urgent character. The guard should at all times, and especially at night, be on the alert to prevent evil-disposed persons from attempting to fire the bridge. The general commanding directs that in future an officer of your command be designated to look after this picket occasionally and see that they do their duty properly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 18, 1864-10 p. m. (Received 11. 15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

General Pleasonton, chief of cavalry, reports that a scouting party sent from General Gregg's command at Warrenton captured to-day at Piedmont 28 of Mosby's men.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

