HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 18, 1864. (Received 10. 30 a. m.)

Major VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the total number of re-enlistments in this army up to and including the 15th instant was 23,460.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 4. February 18, 1864.

I. Paragraph I, of General Orders, Numbers 40, of April 10, 1863, from these headquarters, is modified as follows:*

All prisoners, deserters, contrabands, and refugees coming within the lines of this army will be sent, under proper guard, to the provost-marshal-general, without other examination than that provided for in paragraph 1 of General Orders, Numbers 72, of February 26, 1862. All persons other than the above-named, excepting those provided with the passes required by paragraph VIII of General Orders, Numbers 10, of February 7, 1863, applying for admission within the lines, on any pretense whatsover, will be detained at the outer pickets until their applications shall have been acted upon at these headquarters.

II. The requirements of section 1, paragraph IX, of General Orders, Numbers 27, March 14, 1863, will be strictly complied with, and the persons therein named will not be brought within the lines of this army unless there is reasonable cause to believe that their detention will be permanent.

III. Corps commanders are hereby authorized to pass the picket-lines whenever and wherever, in the performance of their duty, it may become necessary.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,February 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. KESTER,

Commanding First New Jersey:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that, with 300 men placed under your command, you will proceed to-night at 10 o'clock to Markham and Paris and vicinity, where it is reported bands of guerrillas have their headquarters. Every effort will be made to capture or destroy the leaders and men composing these bands. The guide who will accompany you is familiar with the country and reported to be worthy of confidence. In searching houses supposed to contain guerrillas, all injury to property will be avoided. In making your dispositions, suggestions of the guide will be valuable. It is expected that your command will return to camp to-morrow evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Vols., Commanding Second Division.

---------------

*See Vol. XXV, Part II, p. 197.

---------------

