
GETTY'S STATION, February 18, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER:

If you will send me the cavalry, that, with the One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers, will be ample to relieve General Ledlie. I cannot spare the One hundred and eighteenth, as I have not sufficient force to make my outposts sufficiently strong. I will order the One hundred and thirty-ninth to report to General Ledlie immediately.

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 18, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: On receiving most reliable information of the organization of a naval brigade for opening the sounds, with the aid of the rams in the Neuse and Roanoke Rivers, I directed the blocking up of the Neuse with old hulks within range of our batteries. This work is now in progress. I then proceeded to Little Washington and perfected similar arrangements in the Tar River, and fully advised all the authorities of the rebel plans, and gave the necessary orders for foiling them to the extent of our means.

At Plymouth, General Wessells and Captain Flusser advised me that the ram near Halifax was not yet ready. Captain Flusser said he could not sink the hulks without orders from Admiral Lee. He applied for such authority, and I presume it will be granted promptly. If not, I shall send something for the purpose, if it can be found.

Since my return I have examined men respecting the ram at Kinston, and their information is positive, reliable, and confirmatory of what I had advised you. The ram is to be sent down on the next high water. The engine has been taken from Pugh's Mills, and was once in a factory in this city.

Major Wood, who commanded the party that boarded and burned the Underwriter (gun-boat), is a grandson of our late ex-President Taylor.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, February 19, 1864.

Major BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Secretary of War has placed under my immediate orders all regiments now absent from the army for the purpose of reorganization, and has authorized my ordering back all such as are overdue. I wish you therefore to issue an order directing the immediate return of all regiments overdue ten days, stating the order is issued by authority of the Secretary of War. Send copies to the governor of States, superintendents of recruiting service, and to the colonels of regiments.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

