
PONY MOUNTAIN, February 19, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Enemy are building two lunetts on bluff below Raccoon Ford; also extending new line on each side of road leading from Morton's Ford. No change in enemy's camp.

BARTLEY.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, February 19, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The regiments from this corps on duty at Alexandria are the Eleventh U. S. Infantry, the Forty-fourth New York Volunteers, and the Fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserve Corps. I am very much opposed to these troops being under the control of the commander at Alexandria, and was always averse to their being sent there. It seems to me that the duty they are required to perform could be quite as well performed stationed with their divisions as at Alexandria. One brigade of the Third Division has been kept about Washington since last July, and I cannot get it in the field. The three regiments now about to be place under General Briggs will in all probability share the same fate. Surely the regimental commanders can control the discipline and police of their troops. I have great difficulty now in getting returns, reports, &amp;c., from these regiments, owing to their remote stations. If the order indicated in your telegram is issued, and I to retain these regiment on my returns or not?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, February 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

A detachment of the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania and Twelfth Virginia, commanded by Captain Smith, of the former regiment, returned this evening from a scout in Hampshire and Hardy Counties. They bring in Captain Kuykendall and Lieutenant Inskeep, of the Seventh Virginia (rebel) Cavalry. Both captured near their homes in Hampshire County. Nothing new. Weather exceedingly cold.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY,

Commanding Dept. of West Virginia, Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: I have just had an interview with Governor Brough, of Ohio, who has some information of a raid soon to be attempted

