
from a rebel force to assemble, or already assembling, at Salem, Roanoke County, Va., to move on Gallipolis, or, perhaps of greater dimensions, to cross the Ohio at several places and commit depredations and burn bridges and destroy railroads.

Will you please inform me whether you have any information to justify any alarm, and whether there is any force in position to intercept or prevent such a raid. The force now at Gallipolis is entirely inadequate to protect the stores at that point, even from an ordinary seized band of guerrillas. The force at my disposal is so scattered it would take some time to collect it, and then it would be entirely inadequate to repel any organized force of any magnitude. I inclose a paragraph cut from a newspaper giving another account.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

A correspondent of the Herald at Gallipolis, Ohio, informs me that he has had an interview with Mr. Wyshart, a fugitive and recent conscript from near Jefferson, N. C., and that Mr. W. gives some important information, as follows:

About three weeks ago over thirty new, long, narrow, and open boxes, corked and tarred and made pointed at one end, were sent to Wytheville, in Wythe County, Western Virginia. These boxes were styled pontoons. Officers had arrived and sent out men to collect strong, light wagons and good horses from the farmers of the neighborhood.

It was whispered among military men that there would soon be a raid made into Ohio, and that the pontoons referred to would be drawn overland to either the New or Kanawha River, and worked and floated down the Ohio, and that the same would be crossed at two points, one column going by way of Barboursvile and Guyandotte. It was rumored and expected that troops would arrive for concentration from both the Eastern and Western rebel armies.

In regard to the above report, I can only say that rumors have been in circulation for some time past of mysterious movements on the line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Monroe, February 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General HECKMAN,

Getty's Line:

You will make such disposition of the troops under your command as you deem best. It was not the intention to direct that any particular regiment should go to Ledlie. The two regiments were sent that you might be enabled to relieve the veterans. I would suggest that you send a regiment with a good commanding officer, as Ledlie may be granted leave of absence.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

