
The Secretary also desires you to report fully the circumstances of the capture by the enemy of any of your trains; what was the extent of each of these captures; in what manner and with what force they were conveyed; who commanded the convoys; through whose fault, if any, the captures were made. Also what damage was done by the enemy to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and what bridges were destroyed or injured; whether such bridges were protected by block-houses or otherwise, and through whose fault, if any, the injury occurred.

It is reported that the enemy captured in recent raids and drove off from West Virginia a large number of cattle, sheep, and other animals belonging to private individuals. The Secretary desires that you report such information as you may have of these captures, and also what measures were taken to prevent them and to recover the property after capture.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 20, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 9. 20 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

General Sullivan reports that one of his cavalry scouts has just returned, bringing in 16 prisoners (3 rebel officers), all captured near Piedmont Station, in Fauquier County. There is a great number of officers and men now home on furlough in the border counties of Virginia. My scouting parties are active, capturing more or less every day.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, February 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Harper's Ferry:

I cannot go down to-morrow. Will try and be with you on Wednesday. I gave orders in regard to coal. I suggest for your consideration the establishing a chain of infantry pickets from the Shenandoah River, via Charlestown, to Leetown (to connect with the picket from Martinsburg at the latter place), with cavalry vedettes. It will prevent the sons of farmers in the neighborhood who belong to the rebel army from coming here in citizens' dress one at a time until they are strong enough to rob and steal, or stop and rob trains.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, February 20, 1864-9 p. m.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Charleston:

Keep your scouting parties out and active. There are great numbers of rebels home on furlough in all the border counties, and many of them can be captured if scouts are vigilant.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

