
the piling obstructions above the town. I would suggest that the defense of obstructions should be left to the military authorities, and, if thought necessary by them, conducted by their engineers.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 21, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In view of a probable reorganization of this army, I have the honor to submit the following suggestions as to the artillery:

First. That an of suitable rank to command it, with a proper allowance of field officers, should be furnished to the artillery of each corps.

Second. That a suitable force be attached to the artillery to furnish the guards, escorts, working parties, details, &amp;c., the whole to be under the command of the chief of artillery of the corps.

Third. That the ammunition column, at least of the artillery, be always under the command of an officer responsible to the chief of artillery for its condition and safety and for the supply of ammunition. I would further urge that the artillery ammunition be transported in caissons, if they can be obtained, and would suggest the propriety of placing the infantry ammunition in the same column and of using caissons also for that.

In regard to the first proposition, the orders now in force depriving the field artillery of field officers have been the cause of much trouble, difficulty, and injury to the public service. The artillery brigades of the corps have been commanded mostly by captains, who have been removed from their appropriate commands and duties, to the injury of their batteries, to exercise commands and functions far above their rank.

In every army with the organization of whose artillery I am acquainted there is a field officer to every two batteries (constituting a division), and other superior officers for every two or more divisions. In the British service, for instance, a brigade consists of 1 colonel commandant (a major-general), 2 colonels, 4 lieutenant-colonels, and 8 batteries, with the proper staff, exclusive of the battery officers. Our own tactics require a colonel or lieutenant-colonel and two majors for four batteries serving together, with an adjutant and two assistant adjutants. The policy of depriving us of field and partially of company officers has injured the efficiency and doubled the labor of artillery commanders. The artillery in battle covers a great deal of ground, and requires more supervision than infantry. The batteries are often necessarily, from the formation of the ground, separated by wide intervals, and yet they must work in harmony for a given object. Without officers to supervise and direct them this is almost impracticable. After a battle the batteries must be refitted, supplied with ammunition, repairs effected, and placed in condition for service on the march by dawn of the next day. This sometimes involves almost a reorganization. I cannot be well done without officers.

