
horse artillery, which take turns for service with the cavalry, and the artillery reserve proper, consisting of twelve batteries (field batteries and siege guns). The general ammunition train of the army and the Sixth New York Artillery as its guards are also under the command of the commander of the reserve.

The brigade of horse artillery in reserve is placed under the orders of the commander of reserve artillery when not serving with troops. The whole command constitutes what in other armies would be called the grand park of the artillery, to which the reserve artillery is usually attached. The horse artillery is relieved by brigades, so that each brigade constitutes a unit. The brigades of horse artillery in reserve sometimes furnish temporary re-enforcements of batteries to the brigades in the field or when ordered for other purposes; but as a rule the horse artillery serves and is detailed by brigades.

The mounted batteries (reserve artillery proper) are, for convenience, divided from time to time two or more brigades. These brigades are not like those attacked to corps, independent; they vary in strength and composition, according to their numbers, employment, the number of disposable field officers, &amp;c.

My proposition, approved by you, as I understood, was to give to each unit of force 1 sutler, and but 1, viz: To each brigade attached to a corps, 1 sutler; to each brigade of horse artillery, 1 sutler; to the Sixth New York Foot Artillery (a regiment of volunteers), 1 sutler; to the mounted batteries constituting the reserve proper and for the train attached to it, 1 sutler.

The sutlers are as follows, as now recognized:

1. Mercer Brown, appointed sutler in December, 1861, of the Artillery Reserve by the council of administration. Appointment approved by me and, if I remember right, by General Barry, as chief of artillery, and General McClellan, commanding the army, under paragraph 214, General Regulations.

2. A. Foulke, First Brigade of Horse Artillery (Robertson's).

3. John Nilan, Second Brigade of Horse Artillery (Graham's).

4. Thomas McCauly, Sixth New York Foot Artillery (Colonel Kitching).

Artillery from the reserve is detailed for temporary service by batteries, not by brigades. If to occupy a position its sutler must provide for it, if necessary. If permanently transferred to a corps it enters the brigade of that corps, and of course is supplied by the corps sutler. There is no artillery in this army outside of the organizations named.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Division, Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The attention of the general commanding having been called to letters written by E. A. Paul, the correspondent of the New York Times, and especially to one published in that newspaper of the 10th instant, in which certain captured letters are referred to,

