
I hope some old hulks may me sent from Norfolk through the canal. We need axes, shovels, &amp;c., very much, and I hope Colonel Biggs will send on such as he may have of what has been required.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 23, 1864.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

New York City:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 18th instant.

I believe the authorities here are fully aware of the desperate efforts making by the rebels for a campaign the coming spring, and I know of no efforts omitted by the Executive Department of the Government to increase our own forces in the field. But of course nothing could be done in regard to a draft until the bill passed Congress, which has been debating it for nearly three months. I presume that, now that the law has passed, very active measures will be taken to carry it into execution; but this will take time, and the forces so raised will not be available until the first shock of the campaign is over. It certainly is to be regretted that there has been so much delay in Congress.

I cannot agree with you in regard to the use of local militia, and temporary enlistments of volunteers to occupy our forts, harbors, and intrenchments. Such troops are exceedingly expensive and of very little use in actual service. They have already cost us hundreds of millions, with very little advantage. Moreover, the raising of such troops in any State diminishes the volunteering for old and new regiments nearly equal to the same amount of force.

After the experience of the past three years, I think it would not be wise to resort to local militia and short enlistments, except in cases of absolute necessity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, February 23, 1864-6. 25 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST ARMY CORPS:

Very heavy smoke still senn behind Lost Mountain, west of Madison Court-House. Cannot tell what is the cause. Will watch it closely.

WIGGINS.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, February 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT:

I send you a copy of a dispatch from General Humphreys. The general commanding directs that you send out a reconnaissance as directed in the dispatch.

C. ROSS SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.

