
Virginia and Ohio. My attention has been directed to this matter for some time, and I have and do yet feel much anxiety on the subject. Although I have no positive evidence that this movement is contemplated by the rebel authorities, yet I have learned through my scouts and from other sources that the enemy are active along the line of the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, either making preparations for a movement on us by way of the Kanawha Valley or are making preparations to resist a movement from my forces either from Beverly or the Kanawha Valley.

I think the forces to protect the stores and other public property at Gallipolis should be increased. If there are no other troops to spare, a few companies of invalids would answer the purpose. A strong force would not be required as long as I hold the Kanawha Valley and the country between the Ohio River and the Alleghany Mountains. If we had two or three light-draught gun-boats to patrol the Kanawha and Ohio Rivers from Charleston, W. Va., to and below Gallipolis, it would give great security to that region of country. May I venture to suggest to you to call Governor Brough's attention to this and ask his co-operation?

I will keep you fully advised of all information I may acquire touching this matter.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., February 23, 1864.

C. P. ROHRBOUGH, LEVI LEONARD, T. G. FARNSOWRTH,

and others:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant, praying for an increase of force at Buckhannon.

The general commanding directs me to say in reply that at present he has no a sufficient number of troops at his disposal to warrant him in granting your request, except in one company of the Third Virginia Cavalry, which has been ordered to report to Major Bowen; also that most gladly, were it in his power, would he give thorough protection to every loyal man, woman, and child within the limits of his department; but all he can hope to do is to make the best use of the troops under his command, and extend that protection as far as possible. He directs me to say further that he hopes soon to have an increase of force from re-enlistments and otherwise, when the good people of Buckhannon shall not be neglected.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. KELLEY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, February 23, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

General Averell telegraphs he has information the rebels are this side Strasburg. Keep your command in readiness, and detain the Fifteenth New York Cavalry if they have orders to move. Inform the railroad guards and be very watchful.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

