HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 23, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 20th has just reached me, and I agree with your views except in one particular, viz: I don't believe in the iron-clad. Hitherto it has been a question of iron and time. A communication from General Wessells of the same date as yours settles the matter in my judgment. His spy has just come in from Halifax. He came from Wilmington, and 25,000 pounds of iron was on the same train for this identical gun-boat. The general writes that other parties from near Garysburg, who have not seen the boat, confirm the reports of the shipment of iron. He adds the following: "In view of the possibility of such a monster coming down it would be well, I think, to procure the hulks, if practicable, and cause them to be sunk in suitable places. "

Admiral Lee gives no authority for the light boats, but I will send a copy of your letter to General Wessells for his guidance and as his authority to sink said boats when the necessities of the defense require it. I will send an officer of the quartermaster's department to your headquarters for any old hulks that can be spared.

Commanders Davenport and Blake have just called to say that the latter leaves to-morrow with the Eutaw, which I regret very much. Doubtless the admiral will supply her place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 23, 1864.

General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commanding Sub-district of the Albemarle:

I send you a copy of a letter* from General Butler on the ram, light boats, &amp;c. If the exigencies demand, use the light boats under the authority of General Butler's letter. I have this day ordered a tug to leave with several hulks of the army, which you can use. It is desirable to use these if time permits, instead of those of Admiral Lee's. If you have not enough let me know. Have a board of survey to recommend them for blockading purposes.

Your information of the ram and iron correct, in my opinion, and I have advised General Butler. Lieutenant-Colonel Maxwell called, but it was not possible for me to see him. The report of his capital affair was received by General Palmer in my absence and publicity given. Learning that the affair in some way was confounded with Colonel Jourdan's I sent for the agent of the Associated Press and directed him to correct the matter, and he has already taken the proper steps. All the affairs in your district are brought to Major-General Butler's notice in the same manner as in other districts.

The mustering officer has reported the reasons for the delays. He goes to your district this day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 580.

---------------

