
7,000 men, commanded by Echols, Jackson, Jenkins, and Imboden. There is undoubtedly considerable force in that neighborhood, but I do not think the force is as strong as represented. Cavalry scouts have been ordered to reconnoiter in that direction. I return to Cumberland to-morrow.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

MORTANTOWN, W. VA., February 24, 1864.

Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:

DEAR SIR: I have learned from high authority that the rebels design another raid in here within the next month, and that a great many scattering ones are through here now armed to teeth ready to join whenever they to come, provided the weather and the roads continue as they have been. If such be the fact, you should have an eye to the Northwestern road near Rowlesburg, where they can pass with impunity. I hope you will have that matter investigated I wrote you about last. We are all well. Mr. Moore is improving.

Respectfully, your friend,

GEO. D. EVANS.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., February 24, 1864.

Colonel R. S. RODGERS,

Martinsburg, Va.:

Send the Fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps at once to Kearneysville, where the commanding officer will receive instructions as to the disposition of his regiment, from a staff officer from these headquarters. Send the Third Pennsylvania Volunteer Reserve Corps to Van Clevesville. Orders will be sent them there. The transportation of both regiments will follow.

By order of Brigadier-General Sullivan:

F. A. NIMS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, February 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding First Division, Harper's Ferry:

I am informed that Gilmor set out with 80 men night before last to attempt something upon the railroad. It was said his course would be via Smithfield or through that section.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, February 24, 1864.

General AVERELL:

It is reported that Echols, Jenkins, Jackson, and Imboden are at Franklin, in Pendleton County. Hold your command in readiness to move into the South Branch Valley, if necessary. Please meet me at cars; I will be on west-bound train.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

