HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 24, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Every day and hour, almost, brings testimony bearing upon the plan of the Confederate authorities for driving us out of the Old North State. It has been substantially communicated by me. Mr. W. C. Hall was the general ticket agent of this railway and was carried to Graham, with his family, against his wishes by General Branch. He has just arrived from Goldsborough, Kinston, &amp;c. General Pickett's headquarters are now at Goldsborough, where he has two brigades. General Hoke commands at Kinston, and three brigades are there. Other troops are so situated that he can concentrate 25,000 men, and perhaps more, in a few hours. The present intention is to attack us as soon as the gun-boat can get down. Mr. Hall visited the ram on Monday of this week, and confirms all that has been reported. Her machinery is all in and she is about ready. Mr. Hall is about fifty-five years of age, of intelligence and extensive acquaintance, and has come back with his family.

The plan will be of a general assault upon New Berne at dawn or a little before. Pickett will probably be aided by troops from Lee or Richmond. Hooker moved about April 26, and I do not see how Meade can employ Lee much earlier, if he is governed by the experience of the past. Lee can aid his friend Pickett to any reasonable extent long before the intelligence can reach our proper authorities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

MITCHELL'S, February 25, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have information of much cheering by the rebels; also of the changing of the pickets from infantry to cavalry this morning in our front. They must have some good news.

S. H. LEONARD,

Commanding.

MITCHELL'S, February 25, 1864.

General NEWTON:

It was reported to me by field officer of the picket-line that cavalry are now doing the duty. The same story is from the cavalry on our left. I have nothing further. I will investigate more fully in morning and report.

S. H. LEONARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, February 25, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,Washington:

I desire you to return to-night, if possible. Telegraph Colonel Devereux at Alexandria, and see if he cannot send you through to-night.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

38 R R-VOL XXXIII

