HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF CHIEF Q. M.,Camp near Brandy Station, February 26, 1864.

Major S. F. BARSTOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

MAJOR: I have the honor to call the attention of the general commanding to the subject of pioneers and wagon or train guards with this army. I can find no order regulating the manner of detail or the number of pioneers to a division or corps.

I have an order regulating the number of tools to be carried by the pioneers, viz: One-half to have axes and the others to have two spades or shovels to one pick, which answer all purposes. I would respectfully recommend that 10 men be detailed from each regiment in a division, with a proper number of officers and non-commissioned officers, to serve as pioneers and train guards to the division trains on marches. In every corps the trains will be organized by divisions. All these men will carry their arms and such tools as the nature of the roads may require.

It is believed that such a force with the trains will give very important advantages and secure our trains against delay and losses by bad roads or the enemy. In past campaigns the want of uniformity and system as to such details was often embarrassing. Officers in charge of pioneers should comply wish requisitions of quartermasters for working parties to repair roads, &amp;c., and should superintend the work. I would also ask that 1 lieutenant, 2 sergeants, 2 corporals, and 25 privates may be selected from the pioneers of the divisions, mounted and put under the orders of the chief quartermasters of corps, to go in advance of the trains or to distant points for the repair of roads, &c. This party of 30 in all will be of great service on marches. They can be readily mounted with means at the command of the department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

[Inclosure.]

1. Each brigade commander of this army will detail from his command 1 lieutenant, 3 non-commissioned officers, and a number of privates equal to 2 per cent. of his effective force, to form his brigade pioneer party. Each division commander will detail a captain, who, when the brigade parties in the division are consolidated, will command the whole, and who will, when the brigade parties are separated, remain with the party belonging to his own brigade.

2. These officers, non-commissioned officers, and men will be selected for their fitness for pioneer service.

3. One-half of the privates will carry axes, one-third shovels, one-sixth picks; their knapsacks will be carried in wagons when practicable. The quartermaster's department, on requisition, will furnish horses and equipments for the officers.

4. On the march the pioneers of the division will be consolidated and be directly under the control of the division commander; their place will be at the head of the column.

5. The duties of pioneers will be the construction and repair of roads, bridges, and such temporary defenses as the division commander shall direct. The officers, by inquiry and personal examination, will obtain all possible information about the roads over which the division is to pass. The efficiency of the pioneers will depend very largely on their energy and good judgment.

