
FEBRUARY 26, 1864.

Colonel LEONARD,

Commanding Mitchell's Station:

Is it certain that the enemy have replaced infantry pickets by cavalry? Telegraph fully and any further news.

JOHN NEWTON,

Major-General.

MITCHELL'S, February 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. KINGSBURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Upon inquiry this morning I find that the enemy have again resumed the picketing with infantry as before. All is quiet. Two large fires last night near here; both inside our line. No damage.

S. H. LEONARD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 26, 1864-12. 45 p. m.

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that the pickets of the Sixth Corps be relieved immediately by a detail from the Third Corps, and that the duty be executed as quietly as possible.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S. -The Sixth Corps has 850 men on picket.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 26, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

Major-General French, commanding Third Corps, has been directed to relieve the pickets of the Sixth Corps immediately.

The major-general commanding directs that you move your corps to-morrow at such time as will enable you to take position on Sunday evening in the vicinity of Madison Court-House. Upon passing Thoroughfare Mountain you will establish a signal station there, and maintain it during the operation. You will take six days' rations, and as much forage as you can conveniently carry, three batteries, the usual supply of infantry ammunition (40 rounds per man), some ambulances, some intrenching tools, a few hospital wagons, and such light headquarters wagons as may be necessary.

The object of the movement is to cover and support a cavalry operation in the direction of Charlottesville. Secrecy is essential to its success. The cavalry will follow you to Madison Court-House and pass that place before daylight on Monday morning. If possible, the cavalry will return to Madison Court-House during Tuesday. Upon its joining you, your command will return to its former camp.

