
approach he will endeavor to break the telegraph line between Gordonsville and Lynchburg, and injure it in such manner as to interrupt communication for several days. The supply of rations and forage and the means of transportation to be taken with the expedition will be governed by the length of time it is to be absent and the rapidity of its movements.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

INSTRUCTIONS. February 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: On receipt of this you will form two commands, one of 700 men and one of 500 men, each to have its proper complement of officers, good horses, well shod, the men to be thoroughly equipped and supplied with the full allowance of ammunition. The command of 700 men will be directed by your to report to Brigadier-General Kilpatrick by 8 o'clock to-morrow evening, the 27th instant. The commander of the detachment of 500 will report in person at these headquarters by 2 o'clock p. m. to-morrow. This last command to take three days' rations and one day's forage, but will not move from its camp until further orders received through its commander.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -Increase the command to report to these headquarters to 1,000 men, with the proper complement of officers.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC,

February 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General CUSTER,

Commanding Expedition, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: A force of 1,500 cavalry has been assigned to your command for the purpose of operating in the direction of Charlottesville in order to facilitate other movements of the army.

In case you find it practicable you will advance as far as to enable you to destroy the railroad bridge over the Ravine River near Charlottesville, but your movements must be governed by the consideration that the infantry column intended for your support will halt at Madison Court-House and that the enemy may be able to throw forward cavalry and infantry to interrupt your progress.

You will move your force in such time and manner from the vicinity of Culpeper as will enable you to reach and pass through Madison Court-House unobserved by the enemy. It is expected your command will arrive at Madison Court-House by Sunday evening, the 28th instant, and leave that point by 2 o'clock on Monday morning. The Sixth Corps, Major-General Sedgwick, will take post at Madison Court-House on Sunday afternoon, and is intended to support your operations. After having destroyed the railroad bridge

