
Numbers 3. Reports of Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Army, commanding District of North Carolina.

STEAMER GENERAL BERRY,

Near Roanoke Island, N. C., February 9, 1864.

GENERAL: From all that I can glean the forces under General Picket were from 15,000 to 17,000. His preparations were ample, and he felt confident of success. A large number of barges and boats were brought from Wilmington, and the iron ram started down with the boats but did not get through the obstructions below Kinston. We may at any moment have the effort renewed upon New Berne, or some other point may be selected. The information which you communicated yesterday respecting the sending of some 4,000 or 5,000 additional troops to North Carolina indicates such a purpose on the part of General Pickett.

In view of the great interests at stake in the State, and of the smallness of the force for its protection, I hope one regiment of cavalry and a brigade of infantry may be sent to me. A large force is much needed and should be sent if it can be spared without jeopardizing public interests elsewhere. The strong Union feeling all over the State, and the movements for a convention, have already caused Jeff. Davis to relieve the North Carolina troops by regiments from other more disloyal States. He does not intend North Carolina shall leave the Confederacy, and will scourge her people with his armies until the last knell of the revolution shall be sounded. In haste.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I arrived this morning, and have been very busy collecting information touching the recent operations of the enemy in this quarter. A telegram just received from Colonel Jourdan, who has been out to find the enemy with a considerable force, states that they fallen back to Trenton and Jacksonville. There is hope of the railroad being in order by to-morrow afternoon. Have a gentleman who left Wilmington on Sunday, very reliable and well posted. He states that on Saturday, before the attack, General Martin left with 4,000 men to co-operate with General Pickett, who was reported as about to attack New Berne with twenty-odd thousand. The cars were all pressed in and a force also came from Weldon to Kinston. Boats, barges, &amp;c., were also sent there. General Pickett had advices that only 4,000 men were in New Berne, which was nearly the number. General Pickett advanced on the Neuse road direct with about 6,000. General Barton crossed the Trent River near Trenton, and was to attack and carry the works and get possession of the bridges. General Martin was to attack newport and Morehead, &c. Genera Barton, with his 5,000, found that Brice's Creek was between him and New

