
across the Ravine, or after having advanced as far as practicable consistent with the security of your return to within supporting distance of Madison Court-House, you will return with your command to the vicinity of Culpeper. You will report to Major-General Sedgwick in passing through Madison Court-House, and will maintain constant communication with him and also with these headquarters. You will send scouts in advance of your command to endeavor to break the telegraph line between Gordonsville and Lynchburg in such manner as to interrupt communication for several days. Three days' subsistence and one day's forage will be sufficient, provided your order a supply to meet you on your return at Madison Court-House.

Very respectfully,

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,February 26, 1864.

Colonel P. HUEY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: I wish you to form a command of 500 enlisted men to report to-morrow to Major-General Pleasonton at headquarters Cavalry Corps. This command you will make up by detachments from the First Maine, Sixteenth Pennsylvania, and Fourth Pennsylvania. The men must be selected with reference to their horses, and no horses be allowed to go save those that are shod and serviceable. Each trooper will carry three days' rations and one day's forage. The supply of ammunition must be full; the men must not neglect to take their overcoats and blankets. At least 15 commissioned officers must accompany the command and a field officer in charge. Let this command move punctually from your headquarters at 7. 30 a. m. to-morrow, and previous to its departure inspect it carefully and permit no unserviceable horses to leave with it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

[FEBRUARY 26, 1864. -For instructions from Pleasonton to Kilpatrick, see p. 183.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,February 26, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: In reply to communication dated Headquarters Cavalry Corps, February 22, 1864, relating to E. A. Paul, the Times correspondent for the Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to state that I was not aware that Mr. Paul had obtained any information from any member of my command since the date of orders prohibiting information being given. The New York Times is not brought

