
to my division, consequently I have not seen Mr. Paul's letters, and certainly not the letter referred to. No letters have been captured by my command so far as I am aware of. Mr. Paul, I believe, remains at army headquarters; he occasionally visits my headquarters, and I was not aware that he obtained or published any information gained in my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, February 26, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report everything quiet in my command during the last twenty-four hours. The scouting party under command of Major Crowninshield has returned after scouting the country this side of Goose Creek, passing through Dranesville, Belmont, Farmwell Station, Farmwell, Moran's Cross-Roads, Gum Spring, across Little River pike, through Centreville, to Vienna. No evidence of the enemy was visible, this side Middleburg. Statements of citizens show that Mosby's men dispersed and returned to the gaps on Wednesday last.

A. H. GRIMSHAW,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

CUMBERLAND, MD., February 26, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 12 noon.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff:

The cavalry scouts sent to Franklin on reconnaissances not yet returned. Captain Harper, commanding a company of State troops in Pendleton County, reports that he had a fight with 200 of Imboden's men at the mouth of Seneca. Repulsed the enemy, killing 6. This party evidently intended to go by way of Seneca and Cheat River to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at Rowlesburg, but were driven back by Captain Harper, who holds the pass at the mouth of Seneca.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STATE OF VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Wheeling, February 26, 1864.

[Brigadier General B. F. KELLEY:]

GENERAL: I am in constant receipt of intelligence that there are indications of rebel raids into this region of country; some say by way of Hardy County, others by way of Beverly. There was just this evening the delegate and senator from Preston County in my room with letters from their country informing them that the people, secesh as well as Union, were moving their property across into Pennsylvania to prevent its capture and removal by the rebels.

