
I am confident that such an expedition of the above strength can succeed in all the points that I have described above, provided it be conducted with proper skill and determination.

A lesser force could not make sure of Weldon, upon the attainment of which everything depends. It could, however, operate up the James River, as a large water bayou, fortifying point after point in succession and, at last lay siege to Petersburg with good chances of success. Such a move would be important in view of the effect it would produce on the enemy at Richmond and on the Rapidan, but otherwise of very little value.

The above is respectfully submitted with the hope that it may meet the approval of the General-in-Chief.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General of Volunteers,

EASTVILLE, February 26, 1864.

Lieutenant H. T. SCHROEDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Three refugees have just crossed the bay from Mathews County, Va. They state that two companies of disbanded rebel cavalry are now on furlough in Mathews and King and Queen Counties conscripting all citizens, and that many refugees are now hiding in the woods trying to cross to our lines. I would respectfully request permission from the general commanding to take 100 cavalry from the forces on the Eastern Shore, land at Piankatank or East River, and capture the rebel cavalry. The refugees offer themselves as guides. If a transport and one company of infantry can be sent from the fort I can start at once.

FRANK J. WHITE,

Major and Provost-Marshal.

FEBRUARY 27, 1864.

Major-General NEWTON, Commanding First Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your corps ready to-morrow morning, the 28th instant, and after until further orders, to move at short notice with three days' rations in haversacks. Great vigilance will be enjoined on the picket-lines.

A. A. HUMPHREYS

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

NOTE. - Birney already ordered.

(Same to General French, commanding Third Corps; General Warren, commanding Second Corps, and General Pleasonton, commanding Cavalry Corps, for General Merritt.)

MITCHELL'S, February 27, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel KINGSBURY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

My pickets are 1 mile beyond Mitchell's Station, in an open field. The woods are about one-fourth mile in front of them. Our right connects with the cavalry near Bald Pate Mountain. On our left the cavalry extends beyond us some 200 yards in front.

S. H. LEONARD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

