HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 27, 1864. - 10. 30 a. m.

Major General WILLIAM H. FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that the First Division of the Third Corps be held ready to move early to-morrow morning, the 28th instant, with five days' rations, two batteries of artillery, as much forage as can be conveniently carried, not exceeding five days', a few ambulances and hospital wagons, and the light wagons of headquarters, and some intreching tools. The men will carry the 40 rounds of ammunition prescribed. Instructions for the movement of the division will be sent to-night.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 27, 1864. - 2 p. m. (Received 2. 20 p. m.)

Major-General FRENCH,

Commanding Third Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that Major-General Birney move with his division early to-morrow morning, the 28th instant, and take position that evening in the vicinity of James City. he will communicate with Major-General Sedgwick, commanding Sixth Corps,which is ordered to take post at Madison Court-House on the evening of the 28th instant, and will co-operate with and support that corps, upon being required to do so by its commanding general. General Sedgwick may find it necessary to move forward from Madison Court-House to cover the operations of a cavalry force in the direction of Charlottesville, in which case he will communicate with General Birney and require him to move toward, or to, or beyond Madison Court-House. A signal officer will be posted by General Sedgwick upon Throughfare Mountain, through whom he will communicate with these headquarters by signal from Madison Court-House. Should the signal officer require additional protection, General Birney will furnish it. He will communicate everything, of importance that occurs to these headquarters through the usual channel, using both signal and courier. Upon being notified by General Sedgwick that the objects of the expedition have been accomplished, General Birney, will return to his present camp. The usual picket-line will be maintained during the absence of this division. Birney for his guidance.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FEBRUARY 27, 1864.

Major-General SYKES,

Commanding Fifty Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that all the available from of your corps be held ready early to-morrow morning to be thrown to the front at brief notice, including a proper proportion of artil-

