
lery. Colonel Devereux will be directed to send cars from Alexandria to the different points on the road to bring up the troops in the event of their being required. These troops will be held in readiness until further orders. They will keep three days' rations in the haversacks. Some ambulances, hospital wagons, and light headquarters wagons and intrenching tools will be held ready to accompany them, with not less than three days' forage. A light supply train, with about four days' rations and forage, will be held ready to follow. You will likewise hold in view the contingency of the remainder of the corps being brought to the front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

P. S. - Probably all of your First Division, excepting a guard at Bealeton, and a part of your Second and Third Divisions might be held ready with a view to leaving guards at Bealeton, Warrenton Junction the large bridges, and the sidings, and leaving pickets and patrols on the line of the road. The troops, with the exceptions noted, might be concentrated at points of embarkation after the order for the cars had been given in time to take them upon their arrival.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

February 27, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs that General Gregg be held ready to move up to Brandy Station, leaving (if required) his camps early on the morning of the 29th instant, with all his available force. He should be prepared to leave small camp guards and a guard sufficient to hold the depot at Warrenton. As there is no probability, under existing circumstances, that the enemy can bring any force of magnitude against his camps and Warrenton, the force he leaves needed not much exceed 500 men.

Very respectfully, &amp;c. .

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

February 27, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Kilpatrick can easily handle Hampton without assistance. If, however, the general desires to send over to assist him, it would be better to let Merritt go with the remainder of his command, after Custer returns. Gregg's force would be too small to effect much, leaving guards at depot, &c. This position is important. I don't think Kilpatrick cares about it, from my conversations with him. He can tell better as the prospects develop.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

