
The inclosed telegram,* just received, showing a brigade of enemy's cavalry at Morton's Ford, will require more than usual vigilance on the part of your infantry brigade near there.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

ROBERTSON RIVER, February 28, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL; I arrived here at 12 m. and sent forward a brigade and battery, which are now in Madison Court-House. Cavalry pickets were seen on the river bank when we approached, but made on resistance. About 20 cavalrymen were in the town of Madison Court-House, but left as our advance entered. I do not hear of any infantry in the vicinity of the town. I will remain here. One brigade and battery in the town; the rest of the corps on the river bank until further developments. I sent signal officer to Thoroughfare Mountain, but it has been too hazy to open communication. I am building a bridge over the river to use in case of a sudden rise. Birney is at James City.

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,February 28, 1864

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

The major-general commanding directs that the right of General Merritt's picket and patrol line be thrown forward toward the Robertson and Rapidan Rivers, so that General Sedgwick and General Birney will have cavalry in their front, to give warning of any approach of the enemy from the upper Rapidan and Robertson. This cavalry force will be increased, if necessary, for the effectual performance of the duty.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,Camp near Mitchell's Station, February 28, 1864.

Captain G. B. SANFORD,

A. A. A. G. Hdqrs. First Cav. Div., Culpeper, Va.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that when this brigade was ordered to take position at or near this point on the 26th of December last that I was informed that there was to be a division of infantry to hold this point in conjunction with the cavalry. Two small brigades were on the spot when I arrived, one of which has since been withdrawn, and the other, I am informed, is about 2,000 strong. It is encamped about 1 1/2 miles to my front,l mostly near the station. As

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

39 R R-VOL XXXIII

