
Berne, and he did not get across that deep and broad stream. This failure in the plan doubtless induced Pickett to fall back on Tuesday afternoon. It is stated that another column under Colonel Whitford was ordered to storm Fort Anderson, but did not make its appearance. In the morning I purpose going to Batchelder's Creek to see if any better line can be found. The rebels crossed on a pontoon bridge between the railway and the Neuse. On the 7th, General Wessels writes that a formidable expedition was preparing near Halifax, with boats, for the opening of the Roanoke. He also states that a naval brigade has been organized in Richmond for the purpose of recovering the sounds and tributary rivers. He asks for 3,000 effective men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF N. C., Numbers 15. New Berne, N. C., February 10, 1864.

The commanding general, learning of the desperate advance of the rebel hordes upon his lines in quest of bread, meat, clothing and plunder, gave up his leave of absence and has returned to his command; not so much from doubt of the ability of the troops to hurl back the enemy as to share with them the honors, toils, and privations of the opening campaign. He returns his thanks to General Palmer and Colonels Jourdan, Amory, and Classen, and to all the officers and men of their commands, for the gallant repulse of Major-General Pickett with more than twice their numbers. The moment was seized upon for executing a long and well-prepared plan when many of the troops were on furlough as veterans. On this occasion the enemy found by bitter experience that all our men were veterans.

Those regimens that were with the commanding general during the siege of Suffolk, have earned fresh laurels in this late triumph over the troops of Pickett, Armistead, Kemper, and Hoke, their old adversaries under Longstreet and Hill.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Colonel Peter J. Claassen, One hundred and thirty-second New York Infantry, commanding outposts, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Batchelder's Creek, N. C., February 15, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to forward a copy of my report to district headquarters of North Carolina of an attack in force upon these outposts by the enemy, on the morning of Febru-

