
long as the roads were heavy or impassable for artillery and cavalry or the weather too inclement for a movement, I have felt able to maintain myself at this point against heavy odds, but now that the roads are good, the creeks and streams at low stages of water, and the country generally traversable by all arms, I think that my position is too exposed for a small cavalry force, and that if I am expected to maintain my present position a strong force of infantry with artillery should be sent to assist me. I do not wish to be understood as wishing to move back. I desire particularly to remain where I am and allow the command to enjoy while they can the winter huts that the force now in this vicinity, within cannon-shot of the enemy's lines, is strong enough to even delay a sharp and well-supported attack. There are, I am informed by citizens living in the neighborhood, wood roads, known to few, but passable, by which by a sharp dash of cavalry the left flank of this position could be turned, driving in our pickets in front of them. The four pieces of artillery attached to this brigade are all that are available to the command for the fords from Raccoon up to Cedar Run Mountain. At this present time with 1,500 of my picked me out,my whole available force is not over 500 men, chiefly dismounted or mounted on unserviceable horses.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Reserve Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,February 28, 1864.

Captain GEORGE B. SANFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cav. Div.:

CAPTAIN: In view of the prospect for active service by this command, I have the honor to call the attention of the commanding general to the number of dismounted men in this brigade, and the urgent necessity which exists for supplying them with horses. Reports have been sent to division headquarters each day for over a month exhibiting the condition of this command with reference to this particular, but as no action that I am aware of has been taken to remedy this evil, I am induced to make it the subject of a special communication. The memorandum report of last evening shows an aggregate of 344 dismounted men in the brigade, together with 155 unserviceable horses, thus leaving about 500 men totally unfit for mounted service. This condition of affairs demands immediate action as in the event of a sudden move the command would be taken at great disadvantage, as these men would be compelled to operate on foot, and the limited facilities for transportation now at my disposal would scarcely accommodate so large a number of useless horse equipments. I have thought that the departure of veteran volunteers, and regulars upon furlough would leave a sufficient number of animals to mount the remainder of the brigade, but in that event the number of surplus horse equipments would prove a great incumbrance, and upon the return of these veterans they will then, as now, require horses. In view of these circumstances, I have the honor to request that speedy measures be taken to obviate the diffi-

