
of the Pamlico, taking with them their camp equipage and a supply of ammunition, and so far as practicable in condition for immediate active service. Necessary transportation will be furnished by the quartermaster's department.

Labor upon the new work upon the Neuse River this side of Fort Stevenson and upon the new line on the south side of the Trent will be at once resumed by fatigue parties and pressed with all possible dispatch. The commanding general further directs that steps be at once taken under your direction to complete the system of obstructions in the Neuse River above the town.

He also directs that you at once proceed to organize all enrolled white men and all colored men within the limits of your command into military companies as a component part of the forces for the defense of this place. Proper officers must either be appointed by you or selected by the companies, who shall be responsible for the instruction and discipline of the companies and such arms and equipments as shall be issued to them. A placed of rendezvous will be designated to which, at the moment of alarm, these companies will repair, thence to be marched to such position as you may assign them it not being considered necessary that more than 50 men should be left as a provost guard within the town. With a view to the execution of these measures the chief provost-marshal, Captain Denny, and the superintendent of negro affairs, Captain James, will be directed to report to you for orders.

Considerations of military necessity as well as humanity demand that all contrabands now living outside of your lines be at once withdrawn within the defenses and assigned some location selected with reference equally to the general health and the defense of the town. As in case of attack these people must suffer materially it is deemed advisable to send so many of these people as can be, exclusive of those in the service of the military department, to the colony at Roanoke Island. The materials of their houses will be taken with them, the quartermaster's department furnishing transportation. The general regrets to learn indirectly that the Third New York Cavalry, about 500 strong, are not in a condition for active service in the field. If necessary equipage has remained behind at Fort Monroe details should be immediately dispatched to bring it here.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 28, 1864.

Colonel J. M. McCHESNEY,

Commanding Sub-district of the Pamlico:

COLONEL: Major-General Peck has received your private communication of February 27, 10 p. m.

Orders have been issued for the Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers to report to you, although it is difficult to spare any from the defenses of New Berne, and particularly as indications favor the supposition that any attack that may be made upon Washington will be in the nature of a feint to divert attention from a serious attack upon New Berne. That the enemy is contemplating such an attack is the concurrent testimony from various and reliable sources.

