
If you have time it will be well to throw up a small battery on the crest in the rear of Fort Washington. Your attention is called to the necessity of sufficient supplies and particularly of intrenching tools and axes, some of which should be in each work.

The general believes that there is now second gun-boat below the town near Hill's Point.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS

New Berne, February 28, 1864.

Colonel JOURDAN,Morehead City:

General Peck has information which leads him to apprehend an attack on some part of the lines, probably within a day or two. He wishes you to suspend military duty at Newport and put every man on fatigue duty, as that is the key to our railroad line. Fatigue parties must be employed night and day cutting down timber, blocking up approaches, and strengthening the defenses generally. Say to Colonel Ripley that there must not be any surrender of the works at Newport under any circumstances.

JAS. D. OUTWATER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS,New Berne, N. C., February 28, 1864.

Colonel JOURDAN,

Morehead City:

General Peck wishes you to organize immediately into companies all the whites and blacks in your district, especially at Beaufort, Morehead and Newport, as you must rely on them as a component part of your force for the defenses of your line. Appoint rendezvous, so these men will know where to procure arms, &amp;c.

JAS. D. OUTWATER

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. CAROLINA,

New Berne, N. . C., February 28, 1864.

General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commanding Sub-district of the Albemarle:

GENERAL: Your advices to the commanding general with regard to a meditated attack and the preparation of iron-clad boats at Halifax and Kinston have been confirmed from various and reliable sources. The indications are that a feint will be made at Washington, N. C., with a view to direct attention and troops in that direction, and that the grand attack will then be made upon New Berne. By this arrangement, with Kinston as a base, the enemy can suddenly throw their forces from Washington against New Berne, a plan

