
which will give them advantages over any combined movement upon Plymouth. You are now so strongly fortified and have the co-operation of so large a naval force that at this time the general apprehends nothing more than a demonstration against you.

It may be necessary to call upon you for one of your smallest regiments, say the Sixteenth Connecticut, and you will therefore have them in readiness to move either to Washington or New Berne at the shortest notice. It is not the general's intention to call away any troops if it can be avoided and this direction is given you only as preparatory to a contingency that may arise.

Your attention is called to the necessity of providing for water within the works, and a supply of rations and intrenching tools. If there is any deficiency in these last respects they can be obtained here. The negroes on Roanoke Island should be prepared to resist a boat raid against the island in case of attack.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SUB-DISTRICT HEADQUARTERS, February 28, 1864.

Colonel RIPLEY:

An attack on our lines is expected by Major-General Peck within a day or two . Suspend all military duty except that which is intended for defensive purposes. Make every man work night and day from the moment you receive this dispatch. Newport must be held at all hazards. I will send you the section of howitzers to-night, under command of Lieutenant Tully. Keep your cavalry on the alert to obtain information. Leave nothing undone to enable you to make a splendid defense. Look well to the condition of your arms and ammunition, as well as to the quantity. Telegraph to the Ordnance Department for what you want. Request Lieutenant Pearce to send it to you at once. Keep me informed of all matters of importance.

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,February 28, 1864.

Colonel RIPLEY,

Newport Barracks:

General Peck directs that you, through your provost-marshal, immediately organize all male citizens, white and black, to assist you in the expected attack. You will immediately order the commanding officer at Croatan to blockade the three roads leading from the railroad between Croatan and the 7-mile post, in the direction of Evans' Mills. Send citizens with tools, under the charge of a non-commissioned officer, to assist in the work at once. I have telegraphed to General Peck for a locomotive and cars. When they arrive at Newport use them for what is absolutely necessary and then send them to me. Use every man within the limits of your command.

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

