
to be constructed as soon as practicable an advance guard train of the following description:

Twenty-four can was pontoons, without Birago trestles. One hundred and ninety-two balks, white pine, 21 feet by 4 1/2 inches by 4 1/2 inches; in other respects similar to those used with the French train. Five hundred chesses, 11 feet by 12 inches by 1 1/2 inches. Each pontoon-wagon to be loaded with one boat, anchor, cable, oars, &amp;c., and 8 balks. Each chess-wagon loaded with 42 chesses. The wagons to be as light as possible, consistent with strength. The cordage to be the same as the present canvas train, with the addition of the necessary balk lashings.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT, ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 96. Washington, February 29, 1864.

* * * *

47. Brigadier General A. P. Howe, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the artillery depot and the charge of the office of inspector of artillery in this city, relieving Brigadier General W. F. Barry, U. S. Volunteers.

General Barry, on being relieved, will report in person, without delay, for duty, to Major-General Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,

February 29, 1864-9. 25 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Washington:

I have the honor to report all quiet. A party of five of Mosby's men were seen this morning near Chichester Mills. A scouting party, consisting of 200 men, under command of Major Nicholson, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, was sent out at 2 p. m. to-day to scour the country from Annandale to the Occoquan, by Wolf Run Shoals; thence, between Bull Run battle-field and Centreville, to Gum Spring, Frying Pan, and around Dranesville. It is supposed from information received that a considerable force of the enemy's cavalry is in our vicinity. Three parties of dismounted men, two of 50 and one of 75 men, will go out to-night to operate by ambuscade in the region through which it is believed the enemy will be compelled to pass.

A. H. GRIMSHAW,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

