HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 29, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commanding Sub-district of the Albermarle, Plymouth:

GENERAL: I have reliable information that the taking of Roanoke Island is a part of the plan ordered to be executed at Richmond. The Confederates expect to open the Neuse and perhaps the Roanoke with the rams, and in that event secure the island. Should no rams get by us a boat expedition will be organized for the island. Your security is in at once enrolling in companies all the blacks, appointing officers, and arming them as I am doing here with whites and blacks. If you need arms you can get of the ordnance officer here a sufficient number.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

ITINERARY OF THE ARMY OF THE POTOMAC. *

CAVALRY CORPS.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Wesley Merritt.

During the month the division was encamped in the vicinity of Culpeper Court-House, engaged in picketing from below Raccoon Ford, on the Rapidan River, to the vicinity of Hazel River.

February 6 and 7. - The division made a reconnaissance to Barnett's Ford, on the Rapidan River, engaging the enemy and skirmished with them, resulting in the loss of Captain J. P. Ash, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, and 2 men of the First U. S. Cavalry and 5 men of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry wounded, and 4 men wounded and 3 killed of the Eighth New York Cavalry. One thousand seven hundred men from the division were detailed and sent on special service, under command of Generals Kilpatrick and Custer, and have not yet returned.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas C. Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry.

February 1 to 29. - Picketed the James City and Madison Court-House roads and Sperryville pike.

February 24. - The Sixth New York Volunteer Cavalry returned from furlough.

February 26. - The Ninth New York Volunteer Cavalry returned from furlough.

February 28. - The brigade was ordered on a reconnaissance.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General David McM. Gregg.

February 1 and 2. - Quiet; headquarters division at Warrenton; headquarters First Brigade at Warrenton; headquarters Second Brigade between Warrenton and Warrenton Junction.

February 3 and 4. - Quiet; Colonel Taylor commanding division; Colonel Stedman, Sixth Ohio, commanding First Brigade; Colonel Smith, First Maine, commanding Second Brigade.

February 5. - Quiet; some prisoners brought in; scout sent to Amissville; Major Thaxter, First Maine, commanding.

---------------

*From returns of the commands indicated for February, 1864.

---------------

