
ary 1, 1864, together with a list of casualties of the One hundred and thirty-second Regiment New York Infantry.

To give the Department all the facts occurring, I have appended copies of report of the Twelfth New York City, and detachment Ninety-ninth New York Infantry, under my command, as also a copy of report of my general outposts officer of the day,* on duty as such at the time of attack. It is perhaps well to say here that the camp and garrison equipage destroyed by my orders were all old and worn out, and were to have been condemned within twenty days; the same was the case three-fourths of the few horses captured by the enemy. The severest loss was sustained by the men of the One hundred and thirty-second Regiment New York Infantry, who lost everything but what they had on their person at the time of the fight. It strikes me that some compensation should be made to these brave men, who, after having held Pickett's division, with Hoke's and Kemper's brigades and the First North Carolina Battery, for seven hours thereby saving New Berne, fell back in good order, passing their camp, which contained their all, and hearing me give the order to set fire to everything (which was done) without even a murmur escaping them, deserve on the part of our generous Government some recognition in the shape of an allowance in kind or money. Had they broken ranks and gone to camp to save, all would have been captured by the enemy. I ask this in behalf of the enlisted men, although the officers lost as well; still they have the cause sufficient at heart to replace of their more liberal pay.

Any other reports or information your Department may desire will, upon notice, be promptly furnished.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding 132nd New York and Outposts.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,Batchelder's Creek, N. C., February 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to submit my report of the doings of my command on the morning of February 1, 1864.

About 2. 30 o'clock of said morning I was informed that the enemy had attacked my pickets and were preparing to cross Batchelder's Creek. I found it so foggy that signals could not be used. I dispatched Company D, One hundred and thirty-second New York, Captain Thomas B. Green commanding, double-quick to the Neuse Road bridge. First. Lieutenant Abram P. Haring, of the One hundred and thirty-second New York, commanded at the time of attack the reserve at the Neuse bridge, consisting of 11 men, who heroically held that all-important point for over one hour against thousands of the enemy. Captain Green arriving while Lieutenant Having was firing his last round of ammunition, Company D threw themselves (composed mostly of Indians) promptly behind the breast-works, and did so effectually resist the enemy that they (the enemy) had to bring up artillery. I had at the same time directed my general outposts officer of the day, Captain G. Smith, to proceed to the bridge with a cavalry escort to ascertain if possible what force and how strong was attacking us; dispatched also Companies E and G,

---------------

* Captain Charles G. Smith.

---------------

