
February 7 and 8. - Quiet; commission convened in Colonel Huey's case.

February 9. - Quiet; Captain Charles Treichel appointed provost-marshal of division.

February 10. - Quiet; Colonel Taylor turned command over to Colonel smith; Colonel Gardner, First Pennsylvania, commanding First Brigade; some of Mosby's men captured.

February 12. - Quiet; General Gregg resumed command of division; scout sent to Amissville.

February 13. - Quiet; scout sent to Hartwood.

February 14. - Quiet; New Hampshire Battalion left for State.

February 15. - Quiet; reported movements of enemy's infantry on our right; scout sent from First and Second Brigades to Gaines' Cross-Roads and Little Washington.

February 16. - Quiet; brigade drill.

February 17. - Quiet; deserter came in with important information; Lieutenant-Colonel Kester, First New Jersey, ordered out with detachments of division to Salem. Piedmont, Markham, &amp;c.

February 18. - Quiet; scout returned bringing 28 of Mosby's band.

February 19. - Quiet; Dr. W. W. L. Phillips reported for duty from sick leave.

February 20. - Quieut; brigade drill.

February 21 and 22. - Quiet.

February 23. - Review of division by General Gregg.

February 24 to 26. - Quiet; Third Pennsylvania ordered to report to the provost-marshal-general, Army of the Potomac.

February 27. - Detachment from the First Brigade, 500 strong, under Lieutenant-Colonel Stedman, Sixth Ohio, with three days' rations, ordered to report to General Custer and 500 men, under Major Taylor, First Maine, ordered to report to General Kilpatrick for special duty.

February 28. - Received orders to march on 29th, 3 a. m. ; headquarters and 469 men from Second Brigade marched to Stevensburg to occupy lines left by General Kilpatrick.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel John P. Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

The brigade has been encamped during the month in the immediate vicinity of Warrenton, Va., doing picket duty and scouting the surrounding country.

February 17. - A scouting party under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kester, First New Jersey Cavalry, succeeded in capturing 28 of Mosby's men, 50 horses, &c., near Piedmont and Paris, Va.: nothing further of importance to record.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

FIRST MAINE,

Duties of the present month much the same as in January-principally picket, scouting, and escort duty.

February 4. - Major Thaxter, with 150 men, went on a reconnaissance to vicinity of Piedmont, capturing 8 prisoners and several horses.

