
February 10. - Major Thaxter, with 100 men, went on a scout to Haymarket and vicinity. Three times this month 100 men have relieved a like detail on Morrisville road for three days' picket; 1 commissioned officer and 34 enlisted men on daily picket.

February 28. - Major Taylor, with 300 men, went on expedition.

February 29. - Colonel Smith, with 84 men, also went out. Neither party has reported; 43 recruits received and 35 re-enlisted present month.

TENTH NEW YORK.

Encamped between Warrenton and Warrenton Junction, doing picket duty, &amp;c. There have been no casualties during this month.

SIXTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA.

Camp at Turkey Run; 1st, 9th, 18th, 27th, details of 100 men on three days' tour of picket on Morrisville road.

February 27. - Every available mounted man ordered out on an expedition, the object and result of which is as yet unknown.

THIRTEENTH PENNSYLVANIA.

February 10. - Changed regimental headquarters; ordered on detached service to relieve Fourth Pennsylvania Cavalry at Bristoe Station, on duty with Second and Third Divisions, Fifth Army Corps.

February 14. - An escort from regiment, under Lieutenant P. S. Early was attacked by guerrillas concealed in woods near Brentsville, Va. ; we had 2 men killed and 4 wounded.

EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA.

February 16. - Companies C, M, and F, under command of Major J. W. Wistar, went on a scout toward Amissville; returned same day.

February 28. - Regiment ordered out; left camp at 12 p. m. ; marched to Stevensburg, reaching there at 8 a. m., and went into camp.

FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA.

Regiment has been engaged in no actions; in many scouts of minor importance.

February 11. - Marched from Bristoe Station to headquarters Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry Corps, near Warrenton; distance, 20 miles.

SECOND PENNSYLVANIA.

February 1 to 29. - In camp near Warrenton.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick.

The command is doing picket duty from Stringfellow's house, one the right to Culpeper Ford, on the Rapidan; thence across the Neck to Kemper's Dam, on the Rappahannock.

February 6. - A portion of the command crossed the Rapidan at Culpeper Ford; captured 12 of the enemy's pickets and returned to camp February 7.

