
February 28. - In the evening the division crossed Ely's Ford, on the Rapidan, capturing the picket-post at that point; arrived at Spotsylvania Court-House at 10 a. m.

February 29. - At Beaver Dam Station at 1 p. m. burned the depot and store-house and all public property at that place; went into camp near the South Anna at 9 p. m.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry E. Davies jr.

The command is doing picket duty on the extreme left and front of the army, stretching from Colonel Humphrey's house on the Rapidan, across the Neck to Kemper's Dam, on the Rappahannock.

February 6. - The command marched across Culpeper Ford, on the Rapidan, to Culpeper Mine, capturing 10 of the enemy's pickets.

February 7. - Returned to camp.

February 28. - The available force of the command started on an expedition under General Kilpatrick south of the Rapidan; crossed, at 1 a. m. February 29, at Ely's Ford; marched all night, arriving at Chancellorsville at 5 a. m. at Spotsylvania Court-House at 11 a. m. at Beaver Dam at 4 p. m. ; broke up the railroad, destroyed the telegraph, burned depot, store-house, and all public property there; had a slight skirmish with some of the enemy's infantry, driving them back; crossed the North Anna at 6 p. m. and went into camp near South Anna at 9 p. m.

Cavalry Reserve Brigade, commanded by Colonel Alfred Gibbs, First New York Dragoons.

The brigade has remained in winter quarters, performing the usual picket, guard, and fatigue duties.

February 6 and 7. - It participated in the reconnaissance made to Barnett's Ford by Brigadier-General Merritt with the First Cavalry Division. The First United States, Second United States, and sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with a detachment of 150 men from the First New York Dragoons, now absent upon special service under Brigadier-General Kilpatrick commanding Third Cavalry Division. No reports could be received from these regiments, and they are consequently dropped as temporarily transferred from the brigade and will be taken up again on their return.

FIRST ARMY CORPS.

February 6. - The troops of this corps marched to Raccoon Ford, Rapidan River. Pickets were established and the troops bivouacked for the night; received orders to return to camp at dusk of the 7th instant.

Artillery Brigade, commanded by Colonel Charles S. Wainwright, First New York Light Artillery.

February 7. - Battery B, Fourth U. S. Artillery; L, First New York Artillery, and A, First Maryland Volunteer Artillery, moved toward Raccoon Ford, on the Rapidan, pursuant to orders from corps headquarters. L and A were detached from the rest of the corps and took position between Raccoon and Morton's Fords, this side of the Rapidan. The two batteries expended about 60 rounds of ammunition without eliciting a reply from the enemy.

February 8. - They returned to the main body of the corps, went

