
into park for the most of the day, and returned to the old camp near Culpeper. B, Fourth U. S. Artillery, after the other batteries left, remained in park until the return to camp. Distance marched, 24 miles, including the advance and return.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel William W. Robinson, Seventh Wisconsin Infantry.

February 6. - Left camp at 8 a. m and moved to a point near Raccoon Ford on the Rapidan, where the brigade went into camp. After dark that night the colonel commanding, with 300 men taken from the several regiments, moved to the ford and burned the village located there. Returned to camp without loss, but few shots being fired, and remain there until 4 p. m. of the 7th, when the troops marched for their recent camp near Culpeper, where they arrived that night.

February 26. - The Seventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers returned from Wisconsin.

February 28. - The Sixth Wisconsin Veteran Volunteers returned from their State.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Brigadier General James C. Rice.

February 6. - The command moved on reconnaissance to near Raccoon Ford and returned on the evening of the 7th instant.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John C. Robinson,

February 6. - Made a reconnaissance to Raccoon Ford, on the Rapidan River.

February 7. - Returned to our old quarters, where we still remain.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Samuel H. Leonard, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

The brigade has been performing outpost duty at at Mitchell's Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, during the month of February.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General John R. Kenly.

February 5. - Received marching orders to move at 3 a. m. of the 6th instant.

February 6. - Marched about 7 a. m. toward the Rapidan River and halted within a mile of Raccoon Ford. Pickets were established and the division bivouacked for the night.

February 7. - All quiet; orders received at dusk to return to camp.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Edmund L. Dana, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Infantry.

February 5. - Received marching orders to march at 3 a. m. on the morning of the 6th.

February 6. - Marched about 7 a. m. toward the Rapidan and halted within a mile of Raccoon Ford. Pickets were established and the brigade bivouacked for the night.

February 7. - All quiet; received orders at dusk to return to camp. The brigade is now doing picket duty and having daily drills.

