
SECOND ARMY CORPS.

In camp at Cole's Hill, Culpeper County.

February 6. - Moved at 7 a. m. to the Rapidan, Brigadier-General Caldwell temporarily commanding. At Morton's Ford crossed Third Division, Brigadier General Alexander Hays commanding which took position on the south bank. Major-General Warren resumed command at 4 p. m. ; severe skirmishing and shelling from the enemy's batteries for an hour after dark. The Second Division, Brigadier-General Webb commanding, relieved Third Division, and was itself withdrawn during the night.

February 7. - In position on the north bank until 6 p. m. when the corps returned to camp. Total loss, 255 killed, wounded and missing. *

February 29. - In camp at Cole's Hill.

During the month the following organizations were furloughed in a body as veteran volunteers; Nineteenth Massachusetts, Seventh West Virginia, Companies D, E, I, and K, Eighty-first Pennsylvania, and Companies E and G, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers. The following organizations returned from veteran furlough during the month: Companies A, B, C, D, F, G, and H, Sixty-first New York; Companies A and B, Sixty-ninth New York, Eight-eighth New York, Fifty-third Pennsylvania, Seventh Michigan, Fifty-ninth New York, and First Delaware Volunteers.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General John C. Caldwell.

February 6. - In the morning the command, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, marched from camp near Stevensburg, Va., in the direction of Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan River, arriving there about 12 m. The command was put in line, one brigade supporting Rickett's battery until 6 p. m. of February 7, when, the movement having proved successful, the command returned to camp.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel H. Boyd McKeen, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

February 6. - At 7 a. m. the brigade marched from its camp near Stevensburg, Va., to Morton's Ford, arriving there at 1 p. m. During the afternoon of this day the Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers were deployed as skirmishers under command of Lieutenant Colonel K. O. Broady, of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, and skirmished about 1 1/2 miles to the left of the Second Army Corps, on this side of the river, meeting no enemy.

February 7. - The brigade supported a section of Rickett's battery, and returned to its old camp soon after dark, where it remained up to this date.

Third Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Paul Frank, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

February 6. - This command, in conjunction with the division and corps, and in pursuance of instructions from division headquarters, marched from camp with three days' rations in the direction of Mor-

---------------

*See table, p. 118.

---------------

