
ton's Ford, on the Rapidan River, reaching there about 12 m. ; remained there in line until about 6 p. m. of February 7, when it was understood the corps accomplished the object of the reconnaissance; returned to camp. No further movements during the month.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel R. Penn Smith, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infantry.

The brigade has been encamped during the month near Stevensburg, Va.

February 5 and 6. - Meade a reconnaissance crossing the Rapidan at Morton's Ford. It lost no men in the movement, not being engaged in action.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Turner G. Morehead, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

February 6. - Marched to Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan River.

February 7. - Returned to camp near Stevensburg, Va.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alexander Hays.

February 6. - The division moved from camp at daylight to Morton's Ford on the Rapidan River; at 11. 30 crossed the river, capturing the enemy's pickets; skirmished heavily with the enemy during the day; recrossed the river same night.

February 7. - Remained in position on north bank of the river until evening, when the command returned to its present camp.

February 9. - First Battalion, Seventh Regiment West Virginia Volunteers, left camp on furlough, having re-enlisted for the war.

February 12. - First Regiment Delaware Veteran Volunteers returned from furlough.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry.

February 6. - Left camp at 7 a. m. ; marched to Morton's Ford; crossed the river at 12. 30 a. m., wading waist deep, going to the support of the Third Brigade of this division; skirmishers of brigade only engaged the enemy; recrossed at 10 p. m. ; bivouacked near the ford until 7 p. m. of the 7th, when we returned to camp.

Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas A. Smyth, First Delaware Infantry.

February 6. - The command crossed the Rapidan at 1 p. m. on a reconnaissance in conjunction with the rest of the division, and became engaged with the enemy. At midnight the command recrossed the river and bivouacked.

February 7. - Remained under arms at Morton's Ford until dark, when the brigade returned to its former camp, the Fourteenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers having been left to hold the ford.

February 12. - The First Regiment Delaware Veteran Volunteers rejoined the command from furlough.

40 R R-VOL XXXIII

