
Third Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Augustus Funk, Thirty-ninth New York Infantry.

February 6. - Pursuant to orders from corps headquarters the brigade moved at 7 a. m. in the direction of Morton's Ford, with three days' rations and 40 rounds of ammunition. Three hundred picked men of this command first crossed the ford at 10 o'clock in the face of the enemy, who filled the rifle-pits on the opposite bank, from which they were driven, leaving in our hands as prisoners, 27 men and 2 officers. A number of small-arms were also captured. Having discovered the enemy to be in force, the Third and Second Division of this corps recrossed the river at 12. 30 that night and returned to camp on the 7th instant.

THIRD ARMY CORPS,

First Division, commanded by Major General David B. Birney.

February 1 to 6. - The division lay in its winter quarters, about 2 1/2 miles from Culpeper, Va., on Rixey's farm.

February 6. - In the evening the division, leaving baggage, &amp;c. in camp, marched towards Raccoon Ford, encamping near Pony Mountain for the night.

February 7. - Marched about 2 miles nearer the ford, and at about 5 p. m. returned under orders to its winter quarters; lay in camp until the 28th.

February 28. - In the morning marched with five days' rations to James City, encamping there and communicating with the Sixth Corps, lying near Madison Court-House. Lay in bivouack at James City until March 2, when it returned to its former quarters.

Third Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Thomas W. Egan, Fortieth New York Infantry.

February 6. - In obedience to orders, this brigade was marched to the vicinity of the Rapidan River and held as a support to the Second Corps.

February 7. - Returned to our old camp in the afternoon and evening.

February 29. - Marched to James City, and went into camp as a reserve to the Sixth Corps.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry Prince.

February 6. - Division marched to the vicinity of Morton's Ford, on the Rapidan, passing through Stevensburg to support the Second Corps; no casualties.

February 7. - Returned to camp.

Nothing of importance occurred during the month.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry.

February 1. - Brigade in camp near Brandy Station.

February 6. - Received orders to move at 7 a. m. ; moved at 3 p. m., marching through Stevensburg, encamping for the night about 3 miles beyond.

