
February 7. - Received orders to return to camp, which was reached at dusk.

Nothing further has occurred in this brigade worthy of note during the month.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel William J. Sewell, Fifth New Jersey Infantry.

Remained in camp near Brandy Station, Va. participating in the reconnaissance to the Rapidan on the 6th and 7th.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr.

February 6. - Received orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. At 4 p. m. had orders to march; moved off in the direction of Culpeper Court-House, where the division arrived at dark, and continued the march until 9 p. m. halted and bivuacked for the night about 4 miles south of Culpeper.

February 7. - At 7 a. m. resumed the march in the direction of Mitchell's Station, in the vicinity of which the division arrived at 10 a. m. and halted; remained until sunset, when orders came to return to camp, where the division arrived at 11 p. m.

Third Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Colonel Benjamin F. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

February 6. - Received orders to be in readiness to move at a moment's notice. About 4 p. m. had orders to march; moved off in the direction of Culpeper Court-House, where the brigade arrived at dark, and continued the march until 9 p. m. ; halted and bivouacked for the night about 4 miles south of Culpeper Court-House.

February 7. - At 7 a. m. resumed the march in the direction of Mitchell's Station, in the vicinity of which the brigade arrived at 10 a. m. ; halted and remained until sunset when orders came to return to camp, where the brigade arrived at 11 p. m. ; since which time the brigade has remained in camp doing picket duty regularly.

No change in headquarters or camps of brigade since last return.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett.

February 1 to 29. - In camp near Rappahannock Station, Va., performing the usual camp and picket duties.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

February 28. - Moved to James City, Va., from camp at Welford's Ford.

February 29. - Marched to Madison Court-House, Va., to support cavalry expedition of Brigadier-General Custer.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General David A. Russell.

February 27. - This division moved from Welford's Ford, where it had been encamped since last report; advanced to James city; the following day moved from James City to Robertson River and placed in position in front of Madison Court-House. This position was held up to and including the 29th instant.

