
First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred T. A. Torbert.

February 27. - Remained in camp near Welford's Ford up to this date; broke camp in the morning and marched via Culpeper Court-House to James City, a distance of 12 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

February 28. - Left camp at 7 a. m. taking the advance of the corps, and crossed Robertson River at Russell's Ford, the cavalry of the enemy falling back before us. Occupied Madison Court-House at 4. 30 p. m. the brigade being in position on different sides of the town, and picketing the roads to Orange Court-House, Gordonsville, and Charlottsville.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Emory Upton, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry.

February 27. - In camp near Welford's Ford until this morning, when leaving a guard in each camp, the brigade moved with the corps through Culpeper Court-House to James City, and bivouacked for the night.

February 28. - Marched to Robertson River, 2 miles from Madison Court-House; again bivouacked until the 29th.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry L. Eustis.

February 27. - Marched to James City.

February 28. - Marched to Robertson River, near Madison Court-House, where the command remained until the end of the month.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Daniel D. Bidwell, Forty-ninth New York Infantry.

February 27. - Broke camp and marched to James City.

February 28. - Broke camp at daybreak and marched to Robertson River, near Madison Court-House, where we remained encamped to the end of the month.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Robertson River, March 1, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Custer has just come in with his entire command. I will withdraw the brigades from the other side of the river to-night, and will start for my old camp to-morrow in accordance with my first orders. The river in rising rapidly, and it would not be safe to leave those brigades on the other side to-night.

Very respectfully,

JOHN SEDGWICK,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., March 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL; The usual patrols have been sent out to-day. The party sent to Dumfries last evening returned this forenoon, having captured

