
CUMBERLAND, MD., March 2, 1864.

(Received 2. 46 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch from Colonel Mulligan is transmitted for information of the General-in-Chief:

NEW CREEK, W. VA., March 2, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN:

Fourteen deserters and conscripts, armed, have come in from the neighborhood of Staunton. They report that on the 20th of last month 110 deserters and conscripts left Mount Solon, in Augusta County, armed, and resolved to fight their way through to our lines.

J. A. MULLIGAN,

Colonel.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 2, 1864.

Colonel J. W. SHAFFER, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Just as I left Norfolk on my way to the Baltimore boat I was informed that the Fawn had been obliged to return, owing to the appearance of guerrillas on the canal. If the Flora Temple is required to clear them out, telegraph to Lieutenant R. Dale Benson, acting assistant adjutant-general to General Graham, and he will send her.

Respectfully, yours,

CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, March 3, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE, Army of the Potomac:

General Schofield was at Morristown on the night of March 1.

General Grant says, "Longstreet seems to be going into Virginia. "

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 3, 1864-noon. (Received 12. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

Telegram in regard to Longstreet received. An intelligent deserter, a captain, who recently came over, said it was not expected in Lee's army that Longstreet would rejoin him, as Johnston could not do without him. This has hitherto been my impression, but whether he does or does not join Lee, the latter undoubtedly expects some re-enforcements, although this captain averred that the plan was to hold on to the Rapidan as long as possible and fall back to the fortifications of Richmond when compelled so to do. It undoubtedly is our policy to strike as soon as possible, but it is absolutely essential this army shall be reorganized before moving. I will accordingly go to Washington to-morrow, and I trust something definite on this point can be arranged. Nothing heard from Kilpatrick. I am anxiously awaiting advices via Fort Monroe.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

