HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 3, 1864.

His Excellency A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor of West Virginia, Wheeling, W. Va.:

SIR: In response to your communication of the 26th ultimo, requesting any information in my possession relating to a rumored raid by the enemy into West Virginia, I have the honor to state that I have no knowledge of any such movement having been inaugurated, or, indeed, actually projected, but at the same time I am satisfied from the reports of deserters and information obtained through citizens that assurances have been given to the rebel soldiery by officers, and especially to that portion formerly residents of West Virginia, that a movement, and a formidable one, will at an early day be made toward their former homes, and this expectation prevails almost universally among the soldiers of the rebel army now more directly threatening our border.

This is not conclusive evidence, but furnishes a pretty fair indication as to the rebel plans. I am of opinion that a concerted aggressive movement will be made or attempted by the enemy in the coming spring, the exact time to be governed by the weather and the military operations in other sections, but I do not think that any such movement is now on foot.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. 18TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,Fortress Monroe, March 3, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I beg leave to communicate for your information the following inclosures from General Peck. If this information is correct, and he thinks it reliable, it is very evident that I should have more troops here. I have none that I can safely send him with security to my present lines. It would be desirable to have a large force to operate in North Carolina.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

New Berne, N. C., February 29, 1864

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: In several communications I have called attention to the wide-spread disaffection in North Carolina toward the Confederate Government, and especially in respect to Davis and Company. In August last Mr. Davis found it necessary to withdraw some 30,000 North Carolina troops with their arms to distant parts of their territory, and replace them by the soldiers of Georgia, Virginia, Mississippi, and other States, in order to prevent North Carolina from abandoning the rotten Confederacy. The presence of these

