
them to tell the general here that in March we would be attacked by a formidable army and navy for the purpose of recovering everything. The rams were nearly ready and would prove very trouble-some to us.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 3, 1864

Colonel D. W. WARDROP,

Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers:

COLONEL: In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 63, paragraph V, of this date, you will proceed by the Thomas Collyer to-night, with as little delay as possible, with your regiment (Ninety-ninth New York Volunteers) to Roanoke Island. You will upon arriving assume command, and at the first opportunity notify General Wessells of your arrival, dispatching to him the duplicate herewith furnished you of these instructions. Your duties will be particularly to guard against and resist any demonstrations against the island on the part of the enemy, either by boat, raid, or otherwise. The ordnance officer has been directed to send 300 stand of arms for distribution to such able-bodied blacks as you may find it necessary to arms for purposes of defense. Your regiment will probably be relieved by another in a few days. You will report directly to these headquarters by every opportunity that offers, and also to General Wessells. General Peck dictates this letter.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PENNSYLVANIA EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., March 4, 1864

To the PRESIDENT:

SIR: In May, 1861, the Legislature of Pennsylvania directed fifteen regiments to be raised, paid, subsisted, and instructed by the State, to be called the Pennsylvania, Reserve Corps, and to form a division consisting of two brigades, with one major-general and two brigadier-generals. This division was enlisted for three years, and sworn into the service of the State in the months of June and July, 1861, and was to be turned over to the United States whenever it should be called for.

The corps was accordingly raised without delay. Prior to the first battle of Bull Run two of its regiments, at the request of United States officers, had been sent to the vicinity of Cumberland, and were in active service for nearly two months; two others, were sent to Western Virginia, on similar requests. After the battle of Bull Run the whole division was wanted by the United States and under our requisition was turned over to the service of the United States. They entered Washington, or joined General Banks, and Dix at Baltimore four days after that battle. They numbered about 15,000 men, well armed, trained, and disciplined, and having already an esprit de corps which increased their efficiency. They have since served with distinction through the Peninsular and all

