
the other campaigns of the Army of the Potomac. They are proud of their corps and of their State, and the State is proud of them. Two of the regiments, it is believed, were not mustered into the service of the United States their being turned over by the State being considered sufficient without a new muster. These two regiments have served you as faithfully and efficiently as any troops you have.

Last December I urged that this corps be sent home to be recruited. It has so much the esteem of our people that if my wish had then been complied with you would now have it in the field with nearly all the veterans re-enlisted and with the corps recruited to its maximum of 15,000 men. Unfortunately, my request was refused. The three years for which the men enlisted count from the date of their entry into the service of the State. They are now told, I understand, that they will be held for three years from the date of their being mustered into the service of the United States. The United States may thus gain a few days, or even a month's service, at the expense of creating dissatisfaction and losing the men for a new period of three years.

Agents from other States are allowed or encouraged to go among the men and try to tempt them into the service of their States. By this means a few men are obtained at the expense of great injustice to Pennsylvania, and the great body of them are disgusted and prevented from re-entering the service at all. Neither the government or people of this State have ever resorted to this mode of obtaining men. Pennsylvania has answered all the calls of the United States with her own men and from her own resources.

One brigade has been for some time, against all remonstrances, separated from the corps, and regiments from it are now being sent to different departments. By this means the espirit de corps is effectually broken, and the pride of the division crushed. In all these modes the spirit of this body of men is being destroyed and the end of it will be, unless proper measures be promptly taken, that you will drive the greater part of these veterans from the service. In all military services it has been held important to encourage the pride of the men int he organizations to which they are attached and in the localities from whence they came, and to rely greatly for recruiting on the pride which the inhabitants of such localities feel in the organizations which they have formed.

Measures are being taken in this State to preserve the history of our regiments. They have already been presented with standards by the State, and provisions made for preserving the worn and tattered banners as they come from the field. The citizens in every part of the State feel proud of their regiments, and the men in the field are encouraged by this system. To have belonged to a particular regiment and to have the exploits of that regiment recorded is the only mode in which private soldiers can have the opportunity of being appreciated at home. All these necessary and appropriate means of retaining your veterans and filling their thinned ranks with new volunteers you are allowing to be thrown away.

I again most earnestly call your attention to the subject, and beg to make the following suggestions, namely;

First. That the brigade that has been separated from the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps be immediately returned to it, with the understanding that hereafter the whole division will be allowed to serve together, unless when some military reason to the contrary shall exist.

