
Second. That all the men of that corps, or of any other Pennsylvania regiments, who shall re-enlist, shall remain in the regiments to which they now belong, and be credited to Pennsylvania on account of her quota.

Third. That the term of service of the veterans in the Pennsylvania Reserves be estimated from the date of their being originally sworn into the service of the State.

These suggestions are believed to meet the approbation of General Crawford, the present commander of the corps. A copy of this letter will be sent to General Meade, who was long connected with the Pennsylvania Reserves and can speak with knowledge on the subject.

I observe, in conclusion that what I now ask for the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps will, if granted, form no precedents, as there is in the army no other body of men similarly situated. In granting my request you will therefore incur no risk of future inconvenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN,

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 4, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 2. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I will leave Louisville on Monday for Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 4, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

SIR: I beg leave to submit for your consideration and that of the honorable Secretary of War the following plan for the reorganization of the Army of the Potomac:

I propose to reduce them number of corps, now five, to three. In doing its I propose to retain the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps, reducing the three divisions now in each to two divisions. I then propose to consolidate the two divisions of the Third Corps (constituting the old corps) into one division and transfer it temporarily to the Fifth Corps; this division to retain its corps badges and other distinctive marks, and having understood that when the accession of recruits shall justify the organization of another corps, this division shall resume its position as the Third Corps with such additions as can be made.

In the same manner I propose to consolidate the First Corps into a division, and with its distinctive marks, &amp;c., assign it to the Second Corps. This would leave the Third Division of the Third Corps, which did not belong to the original corps, but joined after Gettysburg, under Major-General French, which I propose to transfer to the Sixth Corps.

The Second and Sixth Corps, being now commanded by officers assigned by the President of the United States, will continue to be so commanded. The Fifth Corps I propose to have commanded by Major-General Warren, by the assignment of the President.

