
Of the two corps temporarily broken up, I propose to assign the officers of the general staff to vacancies that may exist in the other corps.

After the above general organization is decided on, general officers will be assigned to divisions and brigades on consultation with corps commanders. The present temporary commanders of the First, Third, and Fifth Corps, it is understood, the Department has decided to relieve. A list of general officers whom in my judgment it is expedient to relieve is herewith furnished, viz: Brigadier General J. R. Kenly, Brigadier General F. B. Spinola, Brigadier General Sol. Meredith.

I should be glad, if this organization is decided upon, that those general officers belonging to the Army of the Potomac and now absent on detached duty to ordered to rejoin, as well as such forces as may have been detached for special purposes.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

[Indorsements.]

MARCH 5, 1864.

Approved, and respectfully recommended to the Secretary of War.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Approved.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 4, 1864. - 10 a. m. (Received 11. 20 a. m.)

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Washington, D. C.:

The scouts sent out have returned. They brought with them the scout sent to cut the telegraph. On Sunday night at 11 o'clock he disconnected the wires at Frederick's Hall Station. Next day at 10 a. m. he saw Dahlgren come in there. The telegraph station was destroyed, road torn up, and other damage done, but the artillery, distant 500 yards, was not seen, and was not disturbed. The scout saw a very large fire in the vicinity of Hanover Junction Monday at 3 p. m. and in the evening a larger one lower down. On his way back the scout was taken prisoner by the rebels, who told him they had been beaten at Hanover Junction and the bridge there destroyed. The rebel soldiers also reported that Kilpatrick had struck the Central train on its way to Gordonsville, and had taken General Lee a prisoner. The scout escaped near Chancellorsville. Hampton is in pursuit of Kilpatrick with 1,800 men. The scout reports large forces of infantry about Chancellorsville and all roads very closely picketed and the river patrolled by infantry. The old man has a letter from his daughter showing that Rosser was then near Staunton. The reconnaisancing dispatch just received from Kilpatrick. *

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Of March 3. See p. 182.

---------------

