HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,March 4, 1864.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps Headquarters:

COLONEL: I respectfully call attention of the major-general commanding to the immense amount of duty now being performed by the men and horses of this division. If it continues much longer there will scarcely be a man or horse fit for duty in the division. In the Reserve Brigade the available command is on picket duty and guarding the signal station at Cedar Mountain each alternate day. It occupies nearly the entire day to relieve the line, and thus the horses are saddled a greater part of the time. The recent march that the greater part of this brigade performed, together with the extra continual picket duty that the remainder left in camp was on (the line being doubled by order),has greatly reduced the horses of the command. If there had not been so many and such positive orders in regard to the guard at the signal station, I would respectfully suggest that it be relieved for the present, as its presence for picket duty would help much. I would say in explanation that the "daily memoranda" of men for instant and active duty includes the bands and pioneer parties, which are not for detail on picket.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,March 4, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of major-general commanding, and would respectfully suggest that the guard at the signal station be relieved for the present with infantry.

A. PLEASONTON.

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, March 4, 1864.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH, Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: On the 28th of February, and when all the available force of this division was under orders to move to Stevensburg, I received an order to send a force for certain purposes to Page County. To-day I had conversation with the two citizens, and find that to accomplish fully what is desired will require a greater force than I can raise without very great injury to my command. All the horses out recently require recuperation, and this is difficult because of the very small quantity of hay furnished. To collect the families about Luray that wish to come within our lines to escape the effects of conscription would require a command sent to remain in the vicinity of Luray for a day at least, and the return movement would have to be slow. For this reason I would think it necessary to send at least 800 men. I would ask, therefore, that I may be authorized to delay sending this force until such time as it can be done with less injury to the effectiveness of my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Vols., Commanding Second Division.

41 R R-VOL XXXIII

