
GETTY'S STATION, March 4, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since telegraphing for the men of the Twenty-seventh Massachusetts I have received reliable information that Pickett or some other general is supporting Jordan at Suffolk with a large force. Ransom is in force at South Mills. Do not think under the circumstances an attack by me advisable. Will hold my present position. Have ordered the Twenty-seventh to bivouack here for the night. Think I shall need them.

C. A. HECKMAN.

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 4, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Nine contrabands have just come from Kenansville and Warsaw, where they were raised. They report troops passing to Wilmington from Virginia on three days in large numbers. The soldiers said they were going to advance from Wilmington on New Berne. Well posted and intelligent and honest. As something was said about the Sound roads, I infer that they were to cut the railway, &amp;c.

Refugees of character came in yesterday, confirming the preparation for an early attack upon New Berne; 7,000 are reported at Greenville, and Colonel McChesney has advices of troops on both sides of Tar River.

A gentleman reports 8,000 at Weldon from Lee's army, destination not known. He says the current and prevailing idea is that 40,000 men will advance upon Eastern North Carolina. All think that Lee's army is scattered and that he has but few men. The abandonment of Virginia is talked of very much the country being exhausted.

General Wessells, on the 2nd, reports a considerable increase of the enemy in his front and in Bertie and Hertford Counties. Rumors have reached him of a force in Gates County moving toward the swamp. He reports the army gun-boat Bombshell with a large number of conscripts near Winton, and that a rebel battery was below her and she could not get down the Chowan. Help has been sent and heavy firing was heard during the day. I fear she will not get out. She has been invaluable, and now that the Foster has left we are destitute of light-draught boats.

On hearing of a raid north of the Albermarle, I sent the Ninety-ninth New York to Roanoke Island and more arms for the contrabands. Intimations of a boat attack at night on the island have been made of late, and I cannot risk anything now. Mail-boats from your headquarters via the canal are due. My communications have been sent mainly by the canal.

I am, very anxious to hear from you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

