
either Virginia or North Carolina. In case of an attack on the canal line, I shall look for a speedy advance of the enemy here. The stormy and boisterous character of the ocean navigation in March renders it exceedingly difficult for me to communicate with you and favors the enemy. I am very deficient in vessels for the outside service, as my quartermaster has advised the chief quartermaster at your headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 25. New Berne, N. C., March 5, 1864.

I. The command of Brigadier-General Palmer, hitherto known as the Forces and Defenses of New Berne, will be hereafter designated the Sub-district of New Berne.

II. Colonel Simon H. Mix, Third New York Cavalry, is announced as chief of cavalry on the staff of the commanding general.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., March 6, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General MEADE

Army of the Potomac:

I forgot to call your attention to the general publicity of matters transpiring at your headquarters in consequence of the indiscretion of officers who have reporters about them and repeat what is transpiring at the army, or communicated from here even in cipher. I have this evening directed some information from Norfolk and Suffolk to be communicated to you, and for certain reasons the knowledge should be confined to yourself. I am told that your chief of staff insists that everything to you shall go through him. If this be so it cannot be tolerated, and he should be removed. It may often happen that you should know what would not be communicated to him.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 6, 1864-10. 30 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram in relation to communications to these headquarters received. You have been misinformed. All telegrams directed to me are delivered to me in person. Those in cipher are usually sent in a sealed envelope marked "Important," My chief of staff is one of the most particular men in this respect I ever knew, and frequently does not communicate orders to officers, the instructions, to others a knowledge of which might be important. I will take measures to correct any improprieties in this matter that I can detect.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

