
CUMBERLAND, MD., March 7, 1864-10 p. m.,

(Received 11. 30 p. m.)

brigadier-general CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

Brigadier-general Sullivan reports quite a large rebel cavalry force in Loudoun County. he sent out a scout of 300 of the First New York Veteran Cavalry yesterday into Lound, but in consequence of the officer not knowing the country about 20 of the party were captured. The First New York cavalry and Cole's battalion are now absent on furlough, having re-enlisted, leaving Sullivan without cavalry that is acquainted in Loudoun, Frederick, Clarke, and the neighboring counties. he therefore desires me to ask that Colonel Boyd, of the Twenty-first pennsylvania Cavalry, now at Harrisburg, be ordered to report to him, to remain at least till the return of the First new York or Cole's battalion. Colonel Boyd is thoroughly acquainted in that region.

B. F. KELLEY,

Brigadier-General.

(Sent to General Meade.)

HARPER'S FERRY, March 7, 1864. (Received 6 p. m.)

Brigadier-general CULLUM, Chief of Staff, Washington:

I have reliable information that Mosby gathered his force yesterday for the purpose of making a raid, supposed to be on Warrenton.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

(Sent to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 7, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: As one week has elapsed without any dispatched I am somewhat uneasy, and have decided to send mine by the outside.

Colonel wardrop has just arrived from Roanoke Island, but he learned nothing bearing upon the enemy's movements. General Wessells reports a large increase of force of all arms in Bertie and Hertfard Counties, where he has two spies. He thinks a boat expedition not improbable. Colonel McChesney, on the 5th, states that all the contrabands agree that there is a large force at Kinston and also at Greenville, and that the obstructions below Kinston are being removed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 8, 1864.

Major-general HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Major-General Pleasoton directed me to forward you a copy of a dispatch* received from General Kilpatrick while in

---------------

*See March 7, p. 652.

---------------

