
Washington. Before this dispatch was received General Pleasonton had made arrangements with general Ingalls to have the command shipped by transports to Alexandria, and he had ordered general Kilpatrick to have his command shipped in that way.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 8, 1864.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Commanding Northern Department, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: Your communication of the 15th ultimo, calling attention to the peculiar situation of several posts and depots in the Northern Department, subject partially to other department commanders, and requesting information as to the boundary limits and extent of authority in that department, has been received and submitted to the General-in-Chief, who directs me to say in reply that the posts of "Cairo and jeffersonville have been assigned to department under General Grant, and Alton to General Rosecrans. Existing orders authorize the commanding general of the department of West Virginia to occupy and protect such points in Ohio west of the river as he may deem necessary for the security of his supplies and operations. "

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 8, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 40, dated headquarters department of West Virginia, Cumberland, Md., March 3, 1864, I proceeded to Martinsburg, W. Va., and inspected the signal party there. I found the party to consist of 4 officers and 14 enlisted men. They are in a good state of efficiency and well supplied with signal apparatus, and prepared to do duty any circumstances. In addition to the above, I brought with me 30 enlisted men, making our total force 5 officers and 44 enlisted men. Captain E. A. Denicke, lately in charge, is absent with leave, his leave expiring on the 14th instant. The only station now being worked are at Martinburgs and Mills' gap, a position on North Mountain, near gerrardstown, and about 12 miles from martinsburg. the station at Mills' Gap is used as a station of observation, to report any movement of an enemy in its vicinity. From it the towns of Bunker Hill, Gerrardstown, Smithfield, and Charlestown can be seen, and also maryland heights, near Harper's Ferry; also parts of the roads to Winchester. The back road can be seen in a clear day at a point about 5 miles this side of Winchester, and a hill at Winchester on which the forts are situated can also be seen on a clear day. it is probable that an enemy approaching the railroad

