
CULPEPER, March 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

The second reconnaissance sent out yesterday evening returned at 7 o'clock this morning, and reports as follows: They went beyond Woodville, but could gain no intelligence of any force of the enemy nearer than the Rapidan. no troops have passed on this side of the ridge since last fall, and citizens report no force in the valley unless well down. Fires in the direction of Little Washington proved to be burning brush. About 150 of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry are between there and Sperryville. As usual only a few were seen.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

YORKTOWN, VA., March 8, 1864.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Butler informs me that transports have been ordered to take my command to Washington. I have received no orders.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 110. Washington, March 8, 1864.

* * * * * * *

35. The First Regiment Michigan Sharpshooters, assigned to the Ninth Army Corps by Special Orders, Numbers 55, current series, from this office, will be placed en route, without delay, for the depot of the Ninth Corps, at Annapolis, Md. The Quartermaster's Department will furnish the necessary transportation.

36. Annapolis, Md., is whereby announced as a depot and rendezvous for such troops of the Ninth Army Corps, major-general Burnside, U. S. Volunteers, commanding, as have been, or may be, ordered to that point. the new organizations in the respective States, now or hereafter to be assigned to the Ninth Corps, will, so soon as their recruitment is complete, be placed en route to the depot in question. general Burnside will immediately arrange for the care, control, and instruction of the aforesaid troops.

* * * * * * *

By order of the secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Martinsburg, W. Va., March 8, 1864.

Colonel A. MOOR,

Commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division:

COLONEL: I am directed by General Averell to acknowledge the receipt of communication of March 2. In reply he directs me to state that he has requested that Keeper's battery may be at once

42 R R-VOL XXXIII

