
furnished with horses, and thereby put into condition to move. He thinks that with the force you now have, two, or at most four, guns are all that it is advisable to send to Beverly in the present condition of the roads and the uncertain state of the weather. As soon as horses are furnished one or two sections will be ordered to Beverly. There are not now in the battery horses enough to take one section. In case of an attack the enemy in so great force that the position cannot be held, he advises that you fall back with your main body to Laurel Hill, keeping open your communication with your base on the railroad. he desired the position at laurel Hill held as long as it can be done without danger of a sacrificing your command. in case you are compelled to fall back beverly he would advise that sent two companies to the heights beyond Middle Fork, with instructions to hold that position, these companies can be detailed from your command at beverly, or from the command of major Bowen at Buckhannon. he recommends that you keep on hand at Beverly about one week's supplies.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 8, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-general:

SIR: scouts report they have been whipped badly at Winchester.

They are falling back skirmishing. Major Hunter went into Winchester and drove a small squad out; the rebels were re-enforced, and coming back drove our men out. They are falling back skirmishing. the rebels are supposed to be 250 strong.

W. W. MILES,

Captain, Commanding Pickets.

My force is not strong.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIV., OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, March 8, 1864.

Colonel A. MOOR,

Beverly:

Order four guns of Keeper's battery to Beverly.

By order of brigadier-General Averell:

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POINT LOOKOUT, MD., March 8, 1864.

general BUTLER:

Commander Parker reports the steam-tug Titan, captured by the rebels at Cherrystone, burned in the Piankatank yesterday.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MARSTON,

Brigadier-General.

