
BRISTOE, March 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE.

Assistant Adjutant-Genera, Fifth Corps:

A scout of 40 men from this point was nearly all captured this morning near Greenwich. I have sent a regiment of infantry and the balance of the cavalry in pursuit. Major kerwin has also telegraphed to General Gregg at Warrenton to endeavor to intercept the party who made the capture.

WM. McCANDLESS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,March 9, 1864.

Colonel P. HUEY,

Commanding Second Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send 100 men at once to the vicinity of Auburn under a good officer.

A telegram just received from major Kerwin, Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, says that a detachment of about 40 men, under Lieutenant White, Thirteenth Pennsylvania, were attacked and nearly captured by a part of the enemy, about 200 strong, near greenwich. Colonel Taylor is ordered to sent to New Baltimore a party of 100 men. The commanding officer of the party will scour well the country, and upon return you will report to these headquarters.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,March 9, 1864.

Colonel P. HUEY, Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL:

The general commanding directs that you detail from your brigade 350 enlisted men, with a proper number of commissioned officers, to report on the Waterloo road, in front of and just beyond the town of Warrenton, at 10 o'clock this p. m. This command will carry two days' rations of subsistence and one of forage, and a full supply of carbine ammunition. Let care be exercised that none but shod horses be sent.

You will direct major Thaxter, First Maine Cavalry, to report at these headquarters at 9 o'clock this p. m.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., March 9, 1864.

WASHINGTON DEFENSES.

Ordered, first, that Brigadier-General Canby cause an immediate inspection to be made, by a competent officer, of all the fortifications and defenses around Washington, and that he make a detailed report of their condition for defensive purposes, and in respect to supplies,

