
ammunition, and force; also as to the condition of the roads leading from Washington to the defenses, and of all roads necessary for the military operations of the fortifications.

Second, that he cause similar inspections to be made every week, and present to the Secretary of War in person a report on Wednesday of each week until further orders, the first report herein directed to be made on Monday next, the 14th instant.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALEXANDRIA, March 9, 1864.

Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My men have scouted as usual to-day. They report that the picket at Prospect Hill, 4 miles above Fort Ethan Allen, was attacked twice during last night by mounted and dismounted men.

The attack was repulsed. One rebel was killed.

H. H. WELLS,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 9, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 5th, with inclosures, has just come to hand . Its reception has relived me in regard to the character of the movement in the direction of Norfolk. probably the raid of General Kilpatrick induced a call for some of Pickett's force in Virginia. Of this no information has reached me from North Carolina. As the Army of the Potomac will wait for good weather, the Confederates have some weeks in which to operate on their interior lines with all their disposable force.

The dispatch courier of Pickett's I examine yesterday. He confirms most of the statements made by deserters and refugees. he says that General Pickett had moved his family to Goldsborough, and proposed remaining there for some time. I sent him back, having no further use for him. The little steamer Bombshell is safe. She is very useful; more such are needed. the report desired by General Graham will be made without delay. General Harland has reported, in obedience to your instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

YORKTOWN, VA., March 9, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: The force ordered left at 3 o'clock this morning. I have received ordered to embark my command for Alexandria. when will the transports arrive, and how many animals and men can be shipped at a time?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

