HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Yorktown, Va., March 9, 1964.

Colonel J. B. KIDDOO,

Commanding Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops:

COLONEL: Be prepared by confederate with Captain Babcock, U. S. Navy, to move forward with your regiment on the transport Morgan, under convoy of one of Captain Babcock's gun-boats, at a moment's notice from me, which I shall send the moment the transports containing Duncan's brigade come in sight down the river. When you received the ordered to state your instructions are as follows: You will preceed (the gun-boat in advance) directly to Sheppard's warehouse wharf, on the north bank of the Mattapony, about 1 mile above West Point, where you will immediately land your forces by the wharf, if practicable; if not, then in boats. If seriously opposed, establish yourself under the guns of Captain Babcock. If not seriously opposed, push forward a strong force with great caution, and endeavor to get an advanced picket, securely supported, established on the main road leading from Gloucester Point to King and Queen Court-House, which is about 1 1/2 miles back from the river and runs parallel to it. This picket will be strong enough to intercept small partikets of the enemy in flight toward King and Queen Court-House from my cavalry advancing northward from Gloucester Point. You may look for my cavalry about daylight to-morrow morning, when a battery (Hunt's) from them will stop and join you in reporting to me, together with three ambulances and my private horses. I expect to land at the same point and support you with Duncan's brigade about dark this evening, when you will report to me the events of the afternoon, with the particulars of your position. It is believed you will not find any opposition except from scattered bushwhackers, of which the vicinity was full yesterday, and from whom you must protect yourself by a careful system of pickets and skirmishing reconnaissances for short distances. Colonel Duncan's transports are in sight. You will execute the above order at once.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

BOWERS' HILL, March 9, 1864.

General HECKMAN:

Major Preston reports that he been to Beranrd's Mills. Found the enemy had retired beyond Jericho Creek, and had taken up the planks of the bridge. they have two batteries of four guns each posted on each side of the road on the hill, supported by three regiments of infantry, one of mounted infantry, and a regiment of cavalry. I have reports from railroad, and the rebels yet picket at the water-tank. Mr. Yocum says a woman told him the rebels had sent a force pontoons to cross near Sleepy Hole for the purpose of cutting off Major Preston. I have sent two companies on the Big Point road. Have withdrawn major Preston to Shoulder's Hill, and Major Smith has about 400 men near that point. If the enemy cross at Sleepy Hole I shall try and gobble them.

N. B. LORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

