
call the attention of the ordnance officer to the necessity of folling them immediately. The enemy has not advanced farther than bernard's Mills. My cavalry are within a short distance of that point. The account in this morning's Old Dominion is incorrect. Cole's cavalry drove the enemy's cavalry every time they attacked him, and did not fall back until they opened with four pieces of artillery and attempted to flank him three regiments of infantry, and his squadron that had cut off dashed through the enemy and joined him. The officers say that their men performed admirably.

C. A. HECKMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,March 11, 1864-6 p. m.

Captain GEORGE B. SANFORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Cav. Div., Culpeper, Va.:

Captain Lockwood, Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, brigade officer of the day, brought me this morning a note, written in pencil, by Captain Sam. Culbertson, First New York Dragoons, in charge of cavalry pickets on the left of the railroad, containing the following:

I have to report that a flag of truce, borne by Colonel Terrill, commanding Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, came to the river near Cedar Run this noon, with a request from Lieutenant-General Ewell, C. S. Army, that our pickets be withdrawn beyond musket-range, to prevent conversation.

The enemy have been very desirous of obtaining information from our pickets ever since general Kilpatrick went out. Major Crittenden, whose wife is in Culpeper, has three times attempted to communicate with her, as far as I can ascertain unsuccessfully.

Respectfully,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 11, 1864-11. 39 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

New York:

General Grant will return here to-day. It would be well for you to come on at once.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 11, 1864.

Captain McENTEE, with

General KILPATRICK,

Fortress Monroe:

The general commanding desires you to return to headquarters with such of our men as are not hurt. If General Kilpatrick is not coming immediately, you will come by way of Washington. Transportation will be furnished you on application.

By command of Major-General Meade:

SHARPE,

Colonel.

