HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SUSQUEHANNA,Chambersburg, Pa., March 11, 1864.

His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

DEAR GOVERNOR: Major Burt has informed me of what you told him to-day in reference to the rebels organization an expedition for this valley, &amp;c.

I have heard of various rumors to the same effect for perhaps two weeks past, and in consequence have given the matter serious consideration. I cannot, however, but believe that the rebel authorities are the authors of these stories, for the purpose of preventing our people from moving forward, and making us put ourselves on the defensive. My reasons are these: With a small party-a few thousand-they would be liable to be cut off, for, Sigel's troops being in their rear, and [sic] leisurely, they could not carry off enough spoils to make it an object, and I do not think that they will come with their whole army, as last summer. Still, I shall be on the lookout, and if they do come will try and do the best.

Hoping that all will be well with us, I am, very respectfully,

D. N. COUCH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, March 11, 1864.

Brigadier General GILMAN MARSTON,

Commanding Point Lookout:

GENERAL: I sent yesterday a 4 1/2-inch rifle gun, 100 rounds of ammunition. the gun is a siege carriage. I think that with that you will be able to protect yourself from your friends in the mortar schooner. Captain Farquhar, chief engineer, goes up to lay out the proper works for the protection of the harbor and of your prisoners. I inclose herein a paper* upon the subject of keeping the prisoners. Captain Farquhar is an engineer of great skill and promise, and I should advise you to adopt his suggestions. With your prisoners you will be able to make out those redoubts very quickly. Any requisition you may make upon us will be promptly answered. Of course you will make all the stockades of timber from the wood and not from sawed timber.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ON THE ROAD, 3 MILES ABOVE OLD DRAGON,

March 11, 1864-12. 25 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

GENERAL: I cannot send word back by transports, which were ordered to leave at 6 p. m. yesterday in absence of other orders, and I presume did so.

The storm yesterday was very severe and rain heavy; road knee deep and hard on men and horses. General Kilpatrick says he can't possibly get cavalry across the Dragon anywhere. He tried at old

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

