
and new bridges. To-day it is worse. He objected strongly to going to Middlesex, which, indeed, can only be done by building bridges.

I have therefore directed him to proceed home direct with all cavalry except 200, which I retain for scouting, &amp;c.

It is now raining again, with every prospect of continuance. It will take infantry till Sunday night to reach Yorktown in present condition of roads.

General Kilpatrick has made no detailed report. His cavalry only went a short distance beyond the infantry. From there he sent out my cavalry (First Mounted Rifles and Eleventh Pennsylvania) to King and Queen Court-Hose and Carlton's Store, where Colonel Onderdonk reports finding 1,200 rebel cavalry, which he charged, routed, dispersed, and chased for 10 miles during the storm of yesterday, killing, wounding, and capturing sa number, destroying camp, arms, stores, &c.

In haste, respectfully,

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 31. New berne, N. C., March 11, 1864.

Brigadier General Edward Harland, U. S. Volunteers, having reported for duty in this district, is assigned to the command of the Sub-district of the Pamlico, with headquarters at Washington, N. C., reliving Colonel J. M. McChesney, First North Carolina Volunteers.

It is due to Colonel McChesney that the commanding general should express his appreciation of the valuable services he has rendered and the ability he has exhibited in his administration of the affairs of the sub-district.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST,. OF N. C., Numbers 32. New Berne, N. C., March 11, 1864.

I. Mainly through the philanthropy of Northern hearts, ample and liberal means have been provided for the moral and religious training of the colored children of North Carolina.

No portion of this bounty has been diverted for the education of the poor white children, and thousand are within the lines growing up in vice and ignorance. Unless they are properly instructed, the American people have no guarantee that they will not in the future attempt to revolutionize the Government and destroy its noble institution. History will record that the lack of that knowledge which results from a general system of education was of the leading causes of the existing revolution.

II. It is ordered that free schools be organized at once in New berne, under such female teachers as may from time to time be authorized. the provost-marshall will procure suitable rooms. The expenses will be from the civil fund on orders from these headquarters.

III. rev. J. Hill Rouse, hospital chaplain; Prof. W. H. Dougherty, and Surg. D. W. Hand, medical director, are appointed as inspectors of schools without compensation. They will report at least

