
monthly upon their condition, making such recommendations as will promote the objects in view.

IV. At an early day schools will be opened in Washington, Beaufort, and perhaps other places.

By command of Major-General Peck:

BENJ. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 98. Washington, March 12, 1864.

The President of the United States orders as follows:

I. Major General H. W. Halleck is, at his own request, relieved from duty as General-in-Chief of the Army, and Lieutenant General U. S. Grant is assigned to the command of the Armies of the United States.

The headquarters of the Army will be in Washington, and also with Lieutenant-General Grant in the field.

II. Major General H. W. Halleck is assigned to duty in Washington, as Chief of Staff of the Army, under the direction of the Secretary of War and the lieutenant-general commanding. His orders will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * * * *

V. In relieving Major-General Halleck from duty as General-in-Chief the President desires to express his approbation and thanks for the able and zealous manner in which the arduous and responsible duties of that position have been performed.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 12, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major-General SEDGWICK,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The inclosed dispatch from General merritt is just received, through Major-General Pleasonton. The reason for the request of General Ewell is left to surmise, so far as communicated by General Merritt. Please return the two dispatches for file. The messenger bearing the flag of truce appears to have gone back. I can ascertain from General Merritt by telegraph, and at the same time inquire if there has been any picket firing recently. there appears to be no necessity for an immediate reply.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Culpeper, Va., March 12, 1864.

Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff:

A communication, under a flag of truce, was received by Colonel Gibbs, commanding reserve brigade, asking that our picket along

