
the Rapidan River be removed beyond musket-shot. The message came from general Ewell (rebel). No answer returned. the message was brought by Colonel Terrill, commanding Thirteenth Virginia Infantry. Has the major-general commanding any order in this matter?

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 12, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-general PLEASONTON,

Commanding cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding desires to know whether the pickets along the Rapidan have been advanced closer to the river recently; whether there has been any picket firing recently, and whether the enemy can drive our pickets from the river without crossing; whether the present position of the picket-line along the river is essential to watching and giving timely notice of the movements of the enemy, or is unnecessarily advanced, and by being so threatens the enemy, and for that reason is subject to attack.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 12, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to reply to your inquiries as follows:

The pickets along the Rapidan have not been advanced. There was some picket firing night before last, merely a few shots. Some of the pickets are in musket-range, and could be driven back without the enemy crossing. if the picket is drawn back he cannot watch the crossing, but I think could give timely information of the movements of the enemy. I do not think the line is unnecessarily advanced or that it threatens an attack from the enemy. There appears to be post that has a commanding position that draws the fire of the enemy; the other posts do not draw the enemy's fire.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General, Commanding.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 12, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Major-general PLEASONTON,

Army of the Potomac:

My men will all have embarked by to-morrow noon. I will report in person on Tuesday.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

