
MARCH 12, 1864.

Colonel WEST:

Request Colonel Onderdonk to make immediate report to me of the service of his regiment and the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry in the late expedition. their good conduct, as contrasted with some other troops, entitles them to special mention in my report.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 12, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. Virginia and North Carolina, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL:

A Mr. Miller, whose wife is in Kinston, left here about the 25th February, and has just come in with information that is entirely reliable. He states that some 400 men were put at work on the gun-boat by Pickett on his return, with instructions to complete her as soon as possible, and before the 14th (anniversary of the fall of New Berne). The boat is virtually done, and two additional guns for her arrived last Tuesday, making four in all. He was at the blockade, and it has been all removed and the channel staked out. He says Pickett fully intends to give us a hard one, cutting the railway and placing batteries on the river below. the raid of Kilpatrick and the move of the Army of the Potomac broke up his plans, or postponed them for present. Some of his troops were called to Virginia. He thinks they have great faith in the ran and fully intend an attack when there is a freshet. I shall sent this man up again before many weeks.

Your communication of the 9th has just reached me by Lieutenant Carpenter and the Farrow, with papers, for which I am obliged. I had hoped a sufficient force might be sent here to enable me to take the offensive, and give the State a chance to break away from the rotten Confederacy, when the people would rally around the army of deliverance and the Union. This hope is long deferred, I fear.

My arrangements are such that I shall be glad to have Pickett attack here with any reasonable amount of force. he will meet such a resistance as he has not dreamed of in his philosophy. "Unceasing vigilance is the price of liberty," and I keep all work in appropriate spheres.

So far as respects the ram in the Neuse, I do feel apprehensive, since the obstructions have been completed. I have bolt a new work on the right of my line, where it intersects the river, and have a 100-pounder gun)rifled) in position, which I brought from Macon. Should the gun-boats give way at that position, our line is now secure.

With great satisfaction I notice your assurance of sending veterans here in order that these may go on furlough.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

