HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 13, 1864-11. 45 a. m.

Major-General PLEASONTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding considers it probable that the communication by flag of truce yesterday to Colonel Gibbs was unauthorized by General Ewell, and directs that a minute report be made by Colonel Gibbs of everything that occurred in the meeting of the bearer of the flag of truce, what was said by Colonel Terrill, whether his appearance indicated him to be officer of the rank he claimed to have, where the flag of crossed the Rapidan, where it crossed our picket-line, &amp;c. ; in short, everything to enable the commanding general to judge of the genuineness of the flag of truce.

Very respectfully, &c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff,
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 13, 1864.

Memoranda for Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington:

First. Colonel Whistler, in command of Forts Haggerty, Corcoran, Strong, and C. F. Smith, is reported as inefficient. He should be replaced by a more vigilant officer, and sent to his regiment.

Second. A detachment of cavalry is required in the vicinity of Chain Bridge for scouting, &c.

Third. Twenty days' surplus rations should be kept in forts at Chain Bridge and below Hunting Creek; ten days' rations in the others.

Fourth. Garrisons to be turned out to obstruct such roads as engineers may decide not to be necessary for travel, which should be confined to main roads.

Fifth. Artillery practice should commence.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 13, 1864.

Memoranda for General J. G. Barnard, chief engineer Defenses of Washington:

First. Stockades to be immediately built on roads leading to Aqueduct, Chain, and Long Bridges.

Second. Road to be built connecting Forts Strong and C. F. Smith.

Third. All wood roads leading to the exterior not required for travel to be obstructed so as to confine travel through the lines to the main roads.

Fourth. Magazine in Fort Strong defective; to be repaired or a new one built.

Fifth. A well to be dug in Fort C. F. Smith; the engineers will locate it and the quartermaster will construct it.

The items reported on recent inspection of defenses, the Secretary of War directs that they be immediately attended to.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

43 R R-VOL XXXIII

