
to compliment Captain Smith, of Gibson's battalion; his horses were the best groomed and cared for of any in the whole command, and it only shows that every horse with proper treatment can be made not only serviceable but enduring. Captain Smith, of Company F, Fifth West Virginia, knew nothing of the state of his, and is short, and cannot account for 9 horses which he has reported as belonging to his company. Captain Thompson, of the Sixth West Virginia, was, if possible, more ignorant than Captain Smith, and Lieutenant Davidson, of the same regiment, more ignorant and careless than either. Captain Thompson is now commanding the Sixth West Virginia, and an officer who understands so little of his company must know less of his regiment. I would state to the general commanding that throughout the whole command the morning reports as a general thing are incorrect and should be inspected. I am confident there are more men in the division fit for duty than appears on the paper.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BROWN,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 13, 1864.

(Received 10. 25 p. m.)

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I need very much 1,000 revolvers for my cavalry. May I rely upon upon good offices to exert yourself to get them for me? The cavalry are actually in the field, and need them much, and but a small portion of them now have pistols. My requition was refused because it was said that cavalry did not need two kinds of fire-arms. I agree to that. What I am trying now to get is one kind.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] ARTILLERY HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 14, 1864.

I. You will at once take the necessary steps to put your brigade in condition to take the field, and for this purpose direct requisition for the necessary number of horses and other materials to be made out.

II. Should you consider it advisable, the number of horses in a six gun battery may be carried up to 116, and for a four-gun battery 88, but the number of spare horses should not be carried beyond the possible wants, as the supplies for the number we have are limited. III. The ammunition should, so far as practicable, be made to conform to the proportions directed in General Orders, Numbers 5, of 1863, from these headquarters, viz, 12 to 16 solid shot, 12 to 8 shrapnel, 4 shell, 4 canister to each chest for 12-pounders; 25 to 30 shell, 20 to 15 shrapnel, 5 canister to each chest for rifle guns.

IV. Care should be also taken that mouth Hotchkiss and Schenkl shell, or Hotchkiss and Schenkl shrapnel, should not be used in the same battery. Where such mixtures have taken place the batteries should exchange with each other and with the train, and reduce so far as possible the kind of ammunition which they do not habitually

use.

