
There is scarcely any occasion on which the percussion-fuse is not superior to the time-fuse shell. It would be a good rule to use only the percussion. Every effort is now being made to provide a concussion shell for the light 12-pounder to supersede the time-fuse.

V. When requisitions are hereafter made for one kind of ammunition another kind will not be received until it is ascertained that the Artillery Reserve train cannot furnish it, nor even then, except in very urgent cases, will a different kind of ammunition be received than that asked for.

VI. By a circular from these headquarters, dated December 17, 1863, paragraph I, you were notified that a supply of new canister for light 12-pounders and been ordered (72 3-ounce balls to the canister), and you were requested to make requisition for it at a rate not to exceed 10 rounds per gun. Will you please state in your report of your train if such canister has been received, and call special attention to it with a view of obtaining a report as to its efficiency in our next battles?

VII&gt; When proper ground can be found in the vicinity of a corps, a course of target practice should be entered upon, of which careful records should be kept and a copy sent to these headquarters. (See Article XI, page 16, Revised Regulations.) In this practice batteries should use only the kind of ammunition they use in battle. Application must made to the chief of artillery for permission to practice, stating the day and hour at which it is to commence, in order that notice may be given to the other corps and to prevent alarm.

VIII> The trains will be immediately inspected, and a report of their condition and that of the ammunition made to the chief of artillery, in order, if there are deficiencies, that steps be taken to supply them.

The allowance of wagons is as follow: Brigade headquarters, two wagons; brigade medical department, one wagon; brigade transportation of subsistence for sales to officers, one wagon; each fourgun battery, four wagons; each six-gun battery, five wagons; to every twenty-five ammunition wagons, five additional ones for transportation of forage for the teams.

By command of Brigadier-General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To chief of corps artillery, artillery reserve, and horse brigades.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General BARTLETT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you cause a picket to be thrown out on the Bealeton and Morrisville road, and to take a position that will command a good view of the country in that direction, the strength of the picket to consist of 1 non-commissioned officer and 9 men. They will be relieved daily. The major-general commanding directs me to say further that he wants the pickets of your Third Brigade to exercise the utmost vigilance in

