
The above information is brought by a man by the name of H. Lohman, whom our scouts brought back with them, and who represent himself as having been sent by Union men in Richmond to communicate the above a nd other information to the War Department. Lohman will be sent up to-morrow with an officer.

Our scouts also report that Jeb Stuart is collecting a cavalry force at Fredericksburg to make a raid on our rear, and is only waiting for the Rappahannock to become fordable to cross at or near Fredericksburg. They also report the enemy sending supplies and ammunition in great quantities over boath roads (uniting at Hanover Junction) to Lee's army.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

STONY MOUNTAIN, March 16, 1864-5. 45 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

All quiet. Same party working near Raccoon Ford to-day.

TAYLOR.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 8. March 16, 1864.

The following dispatch has been received from the Adjutant-General's Office, and is published for general information:

WASHINGTON, March 16, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General GEORGE G&gt; MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

So much of paragraph 5 of General Orders, Numbers 376, of 1863, from this office, as orders the assignment of men not re-enlisting as veteran volunteers to duty in duty in other companies and regiments until the expiration of their term of service, is revoked, and all enlisted men assigned or transferred to other companies or regiments under this provision will be returned to their original company or regiment at once, if in the field, or in case the regiment is furlough, as soon as it returns.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

I have the honor herewith to transmit an extract from a communication which has been received from Colonel George H. Sharpe, deputy provost-marshal-general, in relation to an anticipated raid by the enemy's cavalry on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. *

The commanding general directs that you hold Gregg's division in readiness to move at very short notice, and that as many men as

---------------

*See Meade to Halleck, p. 681.

---------------

