
the infantry at Beverly, and intend to leave it with you if it can possibly be done. The infantry now attached to your command from General Sullivan's division is temporarily under your orders in regard to discipline, drill, &amp;c., and you may order it out for this purpose at your discretion. the commander of those troops should try his best to keep them in a condition to assist you at a moment's notice, and prepare them for the duties they have to perform. In regard to your cavalry, I would advise you to be very careful in selecting the proper officers for the command of your brigades, as it is difficult to make any change afterward. I will probably be under the necessity to order the Fifth Virginia (Colonel Latham's regiment)away from you, but am in hopes to send you some other regiment. The quartermaster is instructed to establish cavalry depots at Hagerstown, Morgantown, and Parkersburg, respectfully, for all serviceable and unserviceable horses received from the Cavalry Bureau at Washington, or sent there from the different divisions. A cavalry officer will be assigned to these depots to receive all dismounted men for the purpose of mounting them and returning them to their commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE CAVALRY,Charleston, W. Va., March 16, 1864.

Major JOHN J. HOFFMAN,

Commanding Second Virginia Cavalry Volunteers:

SIR: You will immediately proceed of six companies of your regiment into the counties of Wayne and Cabell, W. Va., to meet and capture or destroy a rebel force under Colonel French, of the rebel army, which is reported in that region. Colonel Brown, commanding the Thirteenth Virginia Infantry, will co-operate with you in accomplishing the object of the expedition. Your command will be supplied with four days' rations for the men, and two days' forage. You will levy on the country for supplies, as far as possible. In case you do not find the enemy you will make a thorough reconnaissance in those two counties. You will report at these headquarters immediately in person for further instructions, first having your men in preparation for the march.

By command of Brigadier General A. N. Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel G. R. LATHAM,

Grafton, W. Va.:

Would it suit to order the Fifth [West Virginia] Cavalry to New Creek instead of Grafton, or other point west? The general commanding desires your views.

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

