
NASHVILLE, TENN., March 16, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE, New York:

General Parke is ordered to report to you in person immediately.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 7. Morristown, tenn., March 16, 1864.

I. In obedience to orders from the lieutenant-general commanding the Army,* the Ninth Corps, Major-General Parke commanding, is relived from duty in this department, and will proceed to Annapolis, Md., and report to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

II. Their transportation will all be turned over to the acting chief quartermaster in the field, except what may be necessary to subsist them to Loundon, at which place the remainder will be transferred to the transportation quartermaster at Knoxville, who will make his arrangements receive the train at the point named. The ambulances will be turned over at Knoxville.

III. The battalion of Sixth Indiana Mounted Infantry (serving dismounted), now with the Ninth Corps, will report for duty to Major-General Stoneman, commanding Twenty-third Army Corps. batteries L and M, Third U. S. Artillery, will turn over their guns, horses, transportation, and material to Captain Shields, Nineteenth Ohio Battery, and the company will transported by railroad, upon being relived by Captain Shields' company.

The remainder of the Ninth Corps present will march on Thursday morning the road running along the north side of Bay's Mountain, parallel to the Morristown and Knoxville road, and coming into the main road at or near Mossy creek. Their reserved transportation may be sent by the main road. The officers of the command are enjoined to allow as little as possible to be known of the direction or purpose of their movement.

IV. Brigadier-general Wood, commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, is ordered to relieve Colonel Morrison's brigade, Ninth Corps, on the Chucky Bend road this (Wednesday) evening, with two regiments of his command. He will move one brigade to-morrow morning, 17th instant, into the line now occupied by the Ninth Corps, keeping the remaining brigade in reserve in vicinity of the present camp.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Morristown, March 16, 1864.

II. The general commanding being temporarily called from the command of the corps, it is hereby ordered that Brigadier General O. B. Willcox, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, assume command from this date.

By command of Major-General Parke:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Of March 14.

---------------

