
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,
 DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND N. CAROLINA, Numbers 31. Fort Monroe, Va., March 16, 1864.

A commission, consisting of Captain george P. Edgar, aide-de-camp, Captain George J. Carney, assistant quartermaster, and M. Duley Bean, esq., of Norfolk, is hereby appointed for the purpose of caring for and supplying the needs of the poor white people in Norfolk, Elizabeth City, and Princess Anne Counties, who are a charge upon the United States, and employing such as are willing to work and are without employment, and also for the purpose of extending and controlling all the charitable associations now extant, or which may be organized. The post commissaries and quartermasters will furnish all necessary aid to the furtherance of the objects of this order when desired. All orders and summons issued by this commission must respected and obeyed. The provost-marshals will furnish military aid when needed. reports will be made directly to these headquarters.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,March 17, 1864.

Colonel J. IRVIN GREGG,

Commanding second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: The accompanying statement* was forwarded from Cavalry Corps headquarters, with instructions that a force be sent from this command " to capture the men and house herein referred to; to arrest Mrs. Monroe, and bring her within our lines and deliver her to the provost-marshal-general, and to destroy her house. "

You will, for the purpose, send from your brigade a command of 150 men, with a proper number of commissioned officers. The command will start to-morrow morning, each troops carrying two days' subsistence and one day's forage. Upon the return of the command a written report will be made to these headquarters of the extent to which these instructions have been carried out. Let the officer commanding the party be instructed to arrest the proper person, Mrs. Sarah Monroe.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier General of Volunteers, Commanding 2nd Cavalry Division.

STEVENSBURG, March 17, 1864.

Captain F. C. NEWHALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

Colonel Bryan, of the Eighteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, left at daylight this morning for Grove Church.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

