
line from Snicker's Gap to Romney road. Patrols will watch over Loudoun. Some indications show that a portion of enemy's cavalry in the valley has gone to co-operate with Longstreet or Morgan.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 17, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER, Fort Monroe:

I have sent you a copy of a telegram from General Meade relating to the enemy's supposed designs on Norfolk. * If there is anything you need let me know, and, if possible, it shall be furnished. General

Hinks has been ordered to join you without delay. I have not heard anything respecting General Weitzel, but supposed from your telegram that he was to be at Washington. Do you want any officers?

EDWIN M. STATION,

Secretary of War.

FORT MONROE, VA., March 17, 1864-5. 10 p. m.

(Received 6. 20 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We can find on our maps no such bridge as Ford's Bridge. Bottom's. Long, and Jones' Bridges are all the bridges below the York River Railroad we know of. Will find the value of the information at once. What is necessary here is light-draught iron-clads to hold the river. Call attention of the Navy to that. If they can hold the river we can hold the land. Will ask for officers soon.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 18, 1864-11 a. m. (Received 11. 30 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There appears to bed doubt, from the reports of scouts, that a detachment, strength unknown, has recently been from Lee's army to Richmond. It would also appear that Longstreet has been present at Orange Court-House within a few days past, though there is no indication of any of his forces having reached there. It is further reported that Early's command has either returned or is now returning to the main army. Furloughs are still being given in Lee's army, and no other changes than those above reported noted. I am very anxious this army should be put in condition to move. Preliminary to this I consider of the utmost importance the reorganization, and this cannot well be executed till the return of Major-General Hancock, who has not yet reported. I called the attention of the honorable Secretary of War to this point on the 14th instant, and beg his attention may again be called to it.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Meade to Halleck, March 16, 10 p. m., p. 681.

---------------

