
[Indorsements.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding.

ALEX. HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

It was on this kind of information that Lieutenant-Colonel Walker's dispatch was sent yesterday. Colonel Smyth must have been deceived by his informants, as the investigation made by Lieutenant Roebling, of my staff, did not find that the enemy had made any unusual demonstration. He also states that the earth-works opposite us, at Raccoon Ford, have not been much increased of late.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that information has been received to the effect that the enemy's cavalry is concentrating at Hamilton's Crossing, preparatory to a raid upon the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. The commanding general therefore directs that troops along the line of the railroad be instructed to be vigilant, and to be prepared for any demonstration the enemy may make in that quarter.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 18, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I respectfully request to be informed of the precise location of Hamilton's Crossing. I am under the impression that it is down near Falmouth. If this be true, and the enemy intend crossing at that point, I would suggest the propriety of sending a party of cavalry to cross at Kelly;'s Ford and go down toward Hartwood Church, to watch the in that vicinity. I sent herewith, for the information of the major-general commanding, a note just received from Colonel Hayes, commanding the brigade at Rappahannock Station. As I have but a small force of cavalry serving with the corps, I will be glad if some troops of that arm can be sent as suggested above. What cavalry I have is already employed in guarding the flanks of the road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

