
[INDORSEMENT.]

GENERAL: I have signed the within for the general, as he is ill.

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date to Major-General Humphreys. Hamilton's Crossing is on the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, about 2 miles from the former place. General Kilpatrick, commanding Third Cavalry Division, has been ordered to sent a detachment to Grove Church for the purpose of watching the river as far down as Falmouth, and to give timely notice of any movements of the enemy in the quarter. The Cavalry Corps has been instructed to prepare to move at short notice to any point where the enemy may make his appearance.

Very respectfully. &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 18, 1864-2 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

Information from a contraband this morning confirms previous reports of a contemplated raid by enemy's cavalry. It would, perhaps, be well to have a few cars at some central point, with an engine, ready to throw re-enforcements rapidly to any part of your line that may be attacked. Confer with superintendent military railroad at Alexandria on this point.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 20. March 18, 1864.

Additional information confirms the purpose of the enemy to make a raid on the railroad. Division commanders will renew their vigilance and hold ready 1,000 men each, to be thrown to any point on the line that may be attacked. If the care can be obtained, they will be stationed at Rappahannock, Warrenton Junction, and Bristoe for this purpose, and will be under the control of the commanding officer at those points. Should the road be interfered with, information will at once be sent to these headquarters and to division commanders direct,, and any information of the strength and intention of the enemy that can be obtained. Division commanders will throw their re-enforcements at once to the threatened point, without waiting instructions from these headquarters. Cavalry patrols will

