
be sent out and kept out night and day until further orders. Those troops nearest the railroad will be sent on the cars. Each division commander will be held responsible for the protection of the part of the road intrusted to him, and must take possible measure to gain information of the enemy's approach, in order to be ready for him.

By command of Major-General Sykes:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, March 18, 1864.

Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have had a cavalry scout stationed at Bristersburg since day-break, and one at Mr. Britten's. Cannot some of the cavalry which has been passing, say 1,000 be sent here? I am able gain information sometimes ahead of the rail. The cavalry at Bristersburg report that a column of smoke, apparently from the camp of regiment of two, was seen early this morning at Union Church, on the Brentsville and Dumfries road, a few miles from brentsville. Nothing more has been seen during the day.

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

A contraband arriving this morning confirms the report of contemplated cavalry raid by the enemy. Stuart is said to be collecting his cavalry at Fredericksburg and Charlottesville with a view, it is presumed, of operating on boath flanks.

The commanding general directs you to instruct your division commanders to hold their commands in readiness to move at short notice, leaving sufficient force to hold their picket-lines as now occupied, or rather leaving sufficient cavalry in front of the infantry to watch and notify the latter of the approach of any force. General Gregg has already been directed to sent a force toward Hartwood Church to watch any movement on our left flank. General Merritt should be instructed to throw out a force to watch and report any movement on our right flank. It would be well if General Merritt could occupy Thoroughfare Mountain and establish a signal office there. Every effort must be made to leave as soon as possible in case any movement should be made, so that your command, if moved, may be moved in such direction as will be likely to check and defeat the enemy.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

