
miles. Saw no enemy, save as usual guarding fords on the Rapidan, nor signs of any. The officer is convinced that there are no troops this side of the mountains in that direction. All quiet on the lines.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

CULPEPER, March 19, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

Lieutenant Clarke, signal officer, reports as follows:

Arrived safe at Thoroughfare. Saw no enemy on the road except a few stragglers. None left about Madison Court-House, or on any of the roads leading thereto. Pickets appear to be about as usual on the Robertson River. Everything very quiet. Left mountain at 5 p. m.

W. MERRITT,

Brigadier-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

It has been reported to me that Stuart made an attack at Bristoe about 11 o'clock this morning, and was repulsed. Firing was heard in that direction at Sangster's Station.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, March 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JH. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram just received. Please send one light artillery battery to report at Fort Ethan Allan; one across the Long Bridge, to be stationed in a battery; one at the intersection of these defenses and the Columbia pike, and the colored regiment ordered to support it; one to report at Fort Weed, and another at the headquarters of the Second Connecticut, just beyond Fort Ellsworth. If I am informed when these batteries will leave their camp, I will have officers to meet the three latter to conduct them. There should be a squadron of cavalry at Fort Ethan Allen, one at these headquarters, and one at Fort Lyon, to patrol in front of line of defenses.

respectfully, yours,

G. A. DE RUSSY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, W. Va., March 19, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to represent that there is a great necessity in my division for several officers to command brigades. With the best officers and men and abundant supplies it is a task which allows but little rest to the division commander to march,

