
fight, and take proper of a cavalry division. With every assistance, he can only approximate to the results which he labors to attain. My brigade commanders have neither the rank nor the experience required to fit them for the important duties that are devolved upon them; duties which are the more onerous because of the inefficiency of their subordinates. The results are want of discipline, neglect of duty, and waste of precious time and valuable material thus far, and I have apprehensions of more serious results in future. In former times years were considered necessary to bring a new cavalry regiment to a serviceable condition; latterly an assemblage of men from all classes and conditions of civil life are as soon as mounted upon horses called cavalry, and expected to perform the duties that legitimately belong to that arm. More especially in cavalry than in any other arm does everything depend on the officers, who should be energetic, industrious, intelligent, and persevering. I regret to say that in my command where one can be found making progress a dozen can be seen standing still. I have the honor to request that Colonel John B. McIntosh, Third Pennsylvania Cavalry, and Hol. Horace B. Sargent, First Massachusetts Cavalry, be appointed brigadier-generals, and ordered to report to me for duty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, March 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL:

About 40 rebels made a dash into Bath and captured the Union League representatives, among them Wheat and Bechtal. The rebels left on the Winchester pike. They may follow the road to Winchester or other roads. Do all that you can to intercept them. They can probably be met between Shanghain and North River.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, March 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding Division, Harper's Ferry:

General Averell reports to me that he has established a picketline under Colonel Taylor in your front before Halltown; I therefore do not think it necessary that you withdraw your troops from Halltown, unless you are sure that you cannot rely on Colonel Taylor's outposts. In case you withdraw your troops from Halltown you will please inform General Averell.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 19, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 17th is received, also the statement of the refugee from Salisbury. These statements I am

