
and charges to-morrow morning. Lieutenant-Colonel Brinton was delayed by an attack by scouts on his patrol; lost 2 horses killed and 1 man wounded. Colonel Bryan reports that after scouting the country from Grove Church to beyond Hartwood Church and from United States Ford up the river to our line of pickets, he can find no force of the enemy on north side of the Rappahannock and has not been able to obtain any evidence that the enemy are massing any force bout Fredericksburg. Colonel Bryan has destroyed two rafts and one boat used by scouts on the river.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 20, 1864.

(Received 4. 45 p. m.)

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

The latest information from the Kanawha, from Beverly, and from Martinsburg is of no special importance, except that last night 40 rebels dashed into Bath, Morgan County, W. Va., and captured two members of the West Virginia Legislature, Mr. Wheat and Mr. Bechtal. The rebel party retired on the Winchester road. Cavalry was sent from General Averell's command to intercept them. I would be glad to be informed whether Leesburg is occupied by General Augur's troops, and whether I have to take care of Loundoun County, Va. A special report relative to the whole condition of military affairs in this department will be forwarded as soon as possible.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding First Division, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

SIR: The general commanding department requests that you will organize 60 men, rank and file, with the proper officers and non-commissioned officers, as an engineer company for service with your division. The officers and men will be detailed from the regiments composing your division and will be selected with reference to their skill as mechanics. They will be borne upon the rolls and returns of their regiments as upon detached service. The company will be kept well supplied with the tools necessary for the construction and destruction of roads, bridges, earth-works, &amp;c., by requisition upon the chief engineer of the department. Upon the completion of the organization of the company, the commanding officers will report by letter to these, through your, headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to Brigadier General George Crook, commanding Third Division, and Colonel J. A. Mulligan, commanding Second Division.)

