HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding Division, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 17th instant, stating that, owing to the absence of veterans who are on furlough from your command, the force now within the lines of your division is, in your judgment, inadequate to garrison Maryland Heights and vicinity, I am directed to state that it is impracticable at this time to furnish an additional force from any other portion of the department. The general commanding will, however, endeavor to have other troops sent within the department at an early day for duty in your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. W. AVERELL,

Commanding Division, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

GENERAL: The general commanding requests that you will organize for your division a platoon of mounted pioneers. It will be composed of 30 men, rank and file, with the proper officers. They will be detailed from the regiments under your command, and will be selected for their skill as mechanics. They will be borne upon the rolls and returns of their regiments as upon detached service, and will be kept well supplies with the tools and materials necessary for the construction and destruction of roads, bridges, &c., by requisition upon the chief engineer of the department. Upon the completion of this organization the officer commanding it will report by letter to these, through your, headquarters.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, March 20, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

General Averell is so ill that the surgeons forbid my showing him your dispatch. I have telegraphed the substance to Colonel Taylor, at Halltown, and notified our own pickets.

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

