
On yesterday he writes again, and intimates that something is going on above, with designs upon Plymouth. Besides the ram, there is reported an octagonal floating battery as an auxiliary.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General WESSELLS,

Commanding Sub-dist. of the Albemarle, Plymouth, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 17th is just received, concerning the enemy's movements and probable designs on Plymouth. Without a naval force they might as well attack fort Monroe. Demonstrations may be made, but no serious operations. We all are well advised of the work on the ram and of numerous shipments of iron from Wilmington and Atlanta. Why there should be any delay on the obstructions is something I do not understand. If we delay until their rams are ready then we shall assume a tremendous risk. I supposed your hulks were down above the Thoroughfare, as the Board agreed upon. No time is to be lost in putting them in position. The only hulk here, which came from Norfolk, I send at once in tow by the Roanoke steamer. Our spaces are filled up by cribs of timber, which are very strong, and by piles, many of which are 42 feet in length. You will find it will work well to adopt something of this kind. Our line here is more than twice the length of yours, and it is done and safe. But a short time has been consumed in this construction, and all feel very confident that the ram at Kinston, which is all ready, cannot break through.

If the ram can get down the Roanoke, it is not impossible that you will be attacked. Most likely the ram will pass down Ryan's Thoroughfare and come up to Plymouth. In that event, of what use is the 100-pounder rifle in Fort Gray? In my opinion, the 200-pounder will settle the ram if it comes down stream, and your 100-pounder can be advantageously moved to your other flank, where it would od tremendous execution on that narrow river. Please look this over and see if the change would not materially strengthen your general system of defense. If you so decide, make the change, advising me.

Refugees from Wilmington, who have been in the foundry for about three years, have just escaped and confirm your spy's report of the shipment of iron from that place for both rams.

I have deemed it best to send Colonel Dutton, of the Engineers and chief of staff, to look the ground over with you, and to carry out such views as may seem best, after full consultation and consideration.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 21, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

The commanding general has no information respecting the raid said to be contemplated by the enemy, other than that already communicated

