
covering line on the north side to one-half, and holding a like portion of the full complement of the southern side available to re-enforce the north side as occasion might require. This arrangement would allow a reduction of the full complement of the whole line of 4. 305 men, or a reduction of 1,810 men from the strength now on the line. The expediency or advantage of thus reducing the effective strength of any portion of the line below its full fighting complement would depend, of course, upon the relation which the covering line bore to the operations outside of it. On this point I am not advised.

There are four of the heavy artillery regiments now on the covering line, numbering some 6,330 effective men, sufficient to man forty-four field batteries,274 guns, that should or ought to be albe to become, in fifteen days from the time they were furnished with guns and horses, efficient to do fair light artillery service in the field in connection with batteries that have seen service.

The number of field batteries now on hand in the ordnance department is eleven, and being increased at the rate of one gun per day. The quartermaster's department has now some 400 artillery horses, and the number being received average about 20 per day.

If it should be deemed advisable to withdraw any portion of the artillery force now on the covering line, I recommend that an equal force from the Reserve Corps be at once instructed in the duties of heavy artillery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. HOWE,

Brigadier-General, Inspector of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding Division, Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 18th instant, and to return his thanks for the promptness with which it was forwarded. The valuable information it contains will aid materially in the conduct of the military affairs of this command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[W. I. MATHEWS,]

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 21, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

Commanding Division, New Creek:

Information is received that a regiment of rebel cavalry was this side of Wardensvilel yesterday morning, and it is probable that they will attack some point on the railroad between Patterson's Creek and Great Cacapon. Send, therefore, a cavalry force from Burlington to Romney to-night to look out for them.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

