
of the Ninety-ninth at the red House, had not retired by way of the railroad, I sent back a troop to escort them in, and at about 4 o'clock entered New Berne and reported to Captain Judson, assistant adjutant-generals.

The operation of the regiment for the succeeding days were under the direction of General Palmer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. SAVAGE,

Colonel Twelfth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Lieutenant A. A. NEAL,

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 6. Report of Captain Ira Winans, Ninety-ninth New York Infantry.

NINETY-NINTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

New Berne, N. C., February 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I herewith transmit this my report of the operations of the detachments of the Ninety-ninth New York Volunteer Infantry, on outpost duty at red House and Pine Tree during the late attack of the enemy, and the forcing back and withdrawal of the outposts to the line of the immediate defenses of New Berne, N. C.

The detachment was composed of Companies A, D, E, F, and 22 men detached from Companies B, H, and K. There was no officer but myself with Company A; Captain George L. Elder, with his officers (First Lieutenant F. L. Harding and Second Lieutenant Michael Mulvaney), commanded Company D (40 men) and the 22 men of Companies B, H, and K at Pine Tree; Second Lieutenant John B. Mendenhall commanded Company E, and Second Lieutenant Henry Morrison Company F, there being no other officers present than those named. In all there were 6 officers 190 effective men. There were also at my disposal at Red House 1 corporal and 5 privates of Twelfth New York Cavalry.

Just after reveille, February 1, 1864, I was informed that heavy firing had been heard in the direction of our right on Batchelder's Creek, about 2 a. m. The discharges of artillery were heard for about half an hour. There was no unusual occurrence on the front guarded by men from the detachment. I did not make inquiry by telegraph concerning the firing heard, because I thought if it were best for me to know I would be informed at the proper time. Mean time I kept the men well in hand, issued 60 rounds of ammunition to the men, and had all the packing boxes opened that more could be readily procured if necessary. My first direct information was by a courier with dispatches from Colonel Claassen to Colonel Savage, at Rocky Run, at 9 a. m. He said he was instructed to inform intermediate posts that the enemy were attacking heavily.

At 10 a. m. I received the following:

Captain WINANS:

We are heavily attacked. Fall back when you receive orders from Colonel Savage.

