
It is believed that in numerous instances officers and men are so accounted for when they should be reported as "present for duty. " It is therefore made the especial duty of all officers of the inspector-general's department to at once make a thorough examination into the various kinds of extra service reformed by the officers and men included in the two classes enumerated, and they will report to the commander with whom they may be serving all cases in which the troops are erroneously accounted for.

2. Hereafter, all officers and enlisted men who may be on any detached duty or sick, within the limits of an army corps or other independent command, will be accounted for on the reports and returns of such corps or command as present on "special, extra, or daily dutty," or as present "sick. "

3. Attention is also directed to the discrepancies between the number of officers and men reported "present for duty," and the number of troops reported "present for duty equipped. " If any of the troops are not in all respects equipped for active service, measures will be taken at once to have deficiencies promptly supplied.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

STONY MOUNTAIN, March 22, 1864-11 a. m.

Captain NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

A party of about 30 of the enemy is throwing up rifle-pits near the river above Raccoon Ford. Large fires on Clark's Mountain this a. m. All quiet.

WARTS,

Signal Officer.

PONY MOUNTAIN, March 22, 1864-11. 15 a. m.

Captain NORTON:

All quiet. The enemy are enlarging the works af fords, and constructing a new line of the hill in front of Raccoon Ford. About 150 men at work.

MCCLOSKEY.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, March 22, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

The enemy's camps show no change. No movements of cavalry between the Rapidan and Robertson. No change in enemy's pickets.

CASTLE.

THOROUGHFARE MOUNTAIN, March 22, 1864. -5. 45 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Saw to small patrol parties in Madison Court-House and one on the Sperryville pike. None of them number more than 8 men. Enemy's picket on Robertson River remain unchanged. Storm

