
to-day; also a cavalry scouting party was out in the same direction. They saw nothing, but learned that a small force of the enemy crossed the river at Fox's Ford from this side during last night. Our infantry picket-line extends to Freeman's Ford. There is no such mill as Dulaney's, bur a family of that name live near Fant's. The headquarters of the officer in charge of infantry pickets is at Dulaney's house. I reached camp on my return at 9 o'clock p. m.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. PORTER,

Captain, Commanding Scouting Party.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

I have the honor to report that the detachment of cavalry sent out on the 19th instant to scout the country toward Leesburg returned yesterday afternoon, bringing in 2 prisoners belonging to Stuart's cavalry and 11 supposed to belong to Mosby's and White's commands. The detachment sent to the line of Occoquan has not yet returned. One prisoner, however, a conscript, was sent in from that detachment last evening, having a pass for fifteen days, dated Lynchburg, March 15. There are no indications of any enemy in any direction, and I propose to call in all scouting parties for the present. The prisoners have all but one been sent to Alexandria.

Respectfully,

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, March 22, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

At the time of the recent cavalry demonstration from the Army of the Potomac, Rosser left Waynesborough, in the valley, with his available mounted force, and went in hast toward Orange Court-House. His train, consisting of thirty wagons, was left behind, with many disabled horses, which constantly accumulated by the return of those broken down in crossing the mountains. The train went, on the 16th, toward Rockbridge County for supplies, the country about Waynesborough and Timberville having been exhausted. Since that the signal station on Cedar Mountain reported rebels breaking up camp in front, burning tents, &amp;c. A rebel lieutenant (deserter) stated, on the 19th, that on the 12th Rosser was near Gordonsville with marching orders. A deserter to-day states that on the 15th Major Bell, rebel quartermaster, stated at Waynesborough that Rosser would return or was returning to his train. Deserter is of the opinion that Rosser cannot move before middle of next month, owing to the disabled condition of his command. Imboden was camped 4 miles above Harrisonburg. I think that the rebels are relying greatly upon the rebel conspiracy in Kentucky, and that Morgan will attempt a raid into that State, and that his movements may indicate the time that we may expect some demonstration in this direction

