
I wound request that the reserves to cavalry outposts now at Harper's Ferry be partially replaced by infantry, in order to save the cavalry horses as much as possible.

Very respectfully,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DEPT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, March 22, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your note of yesterday was this morning received. Knowing how busy you are, I would not bore you with a reply if I did not wish to speak of the change in the name of the division. It seems to me that the change is a good one; the cavalry of this department, like the same arm in the Army of the Potomac, have been scattered and broken up until they have lost all confidence in themselves. What they need now as much as anything is a revival of their esprit de corps; they should get an idea that the arm is independent in itself, able to do anything and as worthy of special name as any other. They are already proud of the name of a cavalry division. As long as the command is so I do not see why they should not be called so, neither do I see any reason why an infantry brigade should not be attached to a cavalry division with as much propriety as a cavalry brigade to an infantry division. You will see by the heading that I have granted myself a suspension of judgment until I have had a hearing. I trust that the hearing will result in a verdict for the other side. I was opposed to changing the name at first, but since it is done don't you think it would be better to leave it as it stands? The country toward Romney has been pretty thoroughly scouted, and still is being scouted. Scouts have not gone farther as yet than North River. A scout from Burlington to hit Cacapon is worth three from this place. If we send a scout so far it must be too large to move rapidly. As I understand it, a scout from here to hit Cacapon covers the country as far as Romney. I am confident that there is no large force in that country now, but I believe that McNeill is going to haunt in old stamping ground near Moorefield, with perhaps a dash at the railroad, should he find it unprotected, which he will not, so far as we at this place can avoid it.

I hope I have not bored you with this long letter.

Very truly, yours,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 22, 1864.

General AVERELL:

Patrol has returned from Wichester. No enemy there. There has been rebel cavalry there for several evenings previous, more or less. Two companies of rebel cavalry were on the Opequon Creek from Saturday evening until yesterday. They belonged to Major Gilmor's command.

BYERS,

Captain, Commanding Pickets.

