HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 4TH DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Beverly, W. Va., March 22, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Martinsburg, W. Va.:

I have the honor to report that my scouts just returned from Pocahontas. The information obtained is, Generals Echols, Jenkins, Jackson, and Rosser will move on Beverly, according to the state of the weather, between the 1st and 20th of next month. Generals Williams and John Morgan, now at Dublin Depot, to move toward Kanawha Valley. General Breckinridge is in command of the department, and inspected and reviewed the troops lately. Imobden is expected to come into this valley north of Beverly, by the Seneca road from Crab Bottom. Deserters and refugees corroborate the above statements; also intercepted rebel letters to relatives living within our lines. This is a copy of communication sent to Major-General Sigel, in accordance with his request by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MOOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

BEVERLY, March 22, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,

Cumberland:

My scouts returned and report that Generals Echols, Jenkins, Jackson, and Rosser will move on Beverly by the first of next month. Deserters, refugees, and letters corroborate above statement. I forwarded a letter this morning with particulars.

A. MOOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 22, 1864.

Colonel MOOR,

Beverly:

Your dispatch received. I will make all preparations I can and inform you. Keep your scouts very active and report all additional information you may receive.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE CAVALRY,Halltown, Va., March 22, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the scouts sent out returned to camp last night at 8 p. m. They have scouted the country thoroughly across the valley as high as White Post; report that there is no force this side of Strasburg; bring the information that Gilmor's command is near Woodstock, and threw down a picket as far as Middletown, this side of Strasburg. Mosby's command, or part of it, were reported to have camped near Berry's Ferry, on the opposite side of the river, night before last, but did not cross. They bring in 4 prisoners and horses. Our line of pickets so far is undisturbed;

