
everything appears quiet. I would call the attention of the commanding general to our need of artillery at this point, or at least in supporting distance. I am informed that there is no artillery this side of the river but four Napoleon guns, lately moved from here.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. Baltimore, Md., March 22, 1864.

In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 97, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, March 12, 1864, I hereby assume command of the Eighth Army Corps and of the Middle Department, exclusive of Fort Delaware.

The public will join me in acknowledging the zeal and rare ability shown by my predecessor, Brigadier General Henry H. Lockwood, in the management of the affairs of this department.

The department, as I am painfully aware, is crowded with perplexities, and for that reason I pray all good men residing in it to unite and give me their earnest support, more for their own welfare than for mine.

LEW. WALLANCE,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

MARCH 22, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

My infantry returned last night. I am about starting for Fort Magruder, whence will leave at 6 this evening if the snow keeps off. By calling in all interior pickets can only raise about 800 available cavalry sufficiently well mounted for a long march.

I. J. WISTAR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 115. Washington, March 23, 1864.

I. By direction of the President of the United States, the number of army corps comprising the Army of the Potomac will be reduced to three, viz, the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps. The troops of the other two corps, viz, the First and Third, will be temporarily organized and distributed among the Second, Fifth, and Sixth by the commanding general, who will determine what existing organizations will retain their corps badges and other distinctive marks. The staff officers of the two corps which are temporarily broken up will be assigned to vacancies in the other corps, so far as such vacancies may exist. Those for whom there are no vacancies will cease to be considered as officers of the general staff of army corps.

II. Major General G. K. Warren is assigned by the President to the command of the Fifth Army Corps.

III. The following general officers are detached from the Army of the Potomac, and will report for orders to the Adjutant-General of

