
be constantly and carefully watched by detachments from Brigadier-General Kilpatrick's command; the country to our front and right, as far as the mountains, to be in like manner observed by detachments from Brigadier-General Merritt's command, and the country in the direction of Thoroughfare Gap, Bull Run range, to be watched from Brigadier-General Gregg's command.

Very respectfully,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENTON, March 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

The scouting party sent to Fant's Mill and vicinity returned. Could not find any enemy, but learned that a small force had crossed to the south side of Fox's Ford.

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md. March 23, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjt. General of the Army, War Dept., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Colonel Wilkinson, commanding at Clarksburg and Bulltown, reports as follows:

John L. Keyvey, a deserter from Lanahan's battalion,* of Fifteenth Virginia (rebel) Cavalry, in which he served as ordnance sergeant, makes the following statements:

"I think that John Righter is now in the northwest part of Harrison County recruiting for the rebel army. He has about 80 men and recruiting. He crosses, as a general thing, the railroad at Long Run Station, then goes by Bulltown salt-works, thence through the glades to Lewisburg. He has orders to remain there until the raid of Early, Jackson, Imboden, Rosser, Titzhugh Lee, and Jekins, which is to start as soon as the roads are fit. Their destination is Wheeling. They will make a feint on Beverly, while the main force, which will be 18,000 to 20,000, with five batteries, will march on the Northwestern turnpike. They will be all mounted except Early's division, which consists of three brigades of infantry. They are collecting forage at Staunton; they get it from Botetourt County. I am satisfied that they will attempt the raid as soon as the roads will permit. Early is to command the whole. "

Colonel Moor, commanding at Beverly, reports:

My scouts returned, and report that Generals Echols, Jenkins, Jackson, and rosser will move on Beverly by the 1st of next month. Letters, deserters, and refugees corroborate the above statement.

General Averell, commanding cavalry at Martinsburg, reports [22nd]:

Two deserters just in report that McNeill, with 500 men, started from near Staunton for the South Branch Valley about three days ago. No force in the Shenandoah Valley except Imboden and three Georgia regiments. Pickets at Woodstock.

No information of special importance from the Kanawha Valley.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

---------------

*No such organization. Reference is probably to McClanahan's battery.

---------------

