
has established a small picket reserve about 1 mile east of Madison Court-House and midway between the Robertson River and Orange Court-House road. Nothing moving on any of the roads in vicinity of Madison Court-House. Pickets on Robertson River remain unchanged. All quiet.

G. J. CLARKE,

Signal Officer.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., March 24, 1864.

The recent orders consolidating the several corps of the Army of the Potomac having relieved me from the command of the Third Division, First Army Corps, I cannot part with the troops that belonged to the division without expressing the kind feelings entertained by me for them.

I have seen so many soldierly qualities among you, and have received so many marks of your good will, I desire you to know that I part from comrades whom I am proud of, and from friends that it is painful to bid farewell. While in command of the division I have had but one thought and one wish-your welfare and the success of our great cause. For both I have labored honestly and zealously; for both you will ever find me a steady and earnest soldier friend.

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 10. March 24, 1864.

The undersigned resumes command of the Second Corps.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 5. March 24, 1864.

Soldiers of the Fifth Corps! By direction of the War Department, I am relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac. In obeying an order so wholly unexpected, I part from you with the profoundest regret. We have been associated together since your organization as a corps. We have shared all the campaigns of this glorious army, and for nine months it has been my pride and distinction to be your chief. The history of your achievements adds a luster to the history of your country, and in the great battle of the war, on the 2nd of July, 1863, your heroism and valor indisputably saved the day. I part from you feeling assured that your manly virtues, courage, and patriotism will still be conspicuous in campaigns to come, and that the insignia borne upon your flags and worn upon your breasts will in the shock of battle always be found in the thick of your country's foes.

GEO. SYKES,

Major-General, Commanding.

