
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. March 24, 1864.

I. By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 115, War Department, paragraph 2, March 23, 1864, republished in General Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated March 24, 1864, the undersigned assumes command of the Fifth Army Corps.

II. The corps staff officers will perform their duties as heretofore assigned until further orders.

III. Headquarters to-morrow evening will be a Culpeper Court-House.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. March 24, 1864.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 115, War Department, March 23, 1864, and in compliance with paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Army of the Potomac, March 24, 1864, the following changes are ordered to take effect as soon as practicable:

The First Brigade (Shaler's), Third Division, is transfered to the First Division, and will be known as the Fourth Brigade of the First Division.

The Second Brigade (Eustis'), Third Division, is transferred to the Second Division, and will be known as the Fourth Brigade of the Second Division.

The Third Brigade (Wheaton's), Third Division, is transfered to the Second Division, and will be known as the First Brigade of the Second Division.

The commanding officers of the brigades so transferred will report as soon as practicable to their respective division commanders.

The chief quartermaster of the corps will make such assignments of transportation, and the chief ambulance officer of the corps, under the instructions of the medical director, such transfers of ambulances, medicine wagons, &amp;c., as the changes herein directed render necessary.

The flags of the brigades transferred by this order will be sent to these headquarters to be replaced by flags to be hereafter designated in orders.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. MCMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK,

Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac, Culpeper Court-House:

General Crook can be spared at present, but it will take at least five days to reach Culpeper, he being at Charleston. Major Rucker, of his staff, is here; is thoroughly acquainted with that country, and can give you valuable information. If you desire I will send him with some papers prepared by me at once, and will also direct General Crook to report to you, if you deem best.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

