
CUMBERLAND, MD., March 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Charleston:

Prepare yourself to report in person in Washington.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding Division, Harper's Ferry:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that Wheaton's brigade be immediately relieved from duty in this department and sent to the Army of the Potomac. Please make immediately the necessary preparations to this effect, with the understanding that only such troops will be sent away who originally belonged to Wheaton's brigade. If you deem it necessary you may withdraw your infantry from Halltown for the defense of Harper's Ferry. Please inform me immediately what you propose to do.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 24, 1864.

Colonel J. A. MULLIGAN,

New Creek:

COLONEL: In answer to your telegram of to-day, I would say, in addition to my answer by telegraph, that there are no cavalry forces of any importance between New Creek and Parkersburg, and that therefore, in case of a raid in that direction, much depends upon the cavalry of your division. The section of country through to Back Creek is unprotected and open to raids of the enemy. I desire that all your available force of cavalry be used for scouting and patroling in the direction of Saint George Court-House, Moorefield, and Romney, and that parties be sent out regularly to communicate with the parties sent out from Cumberland and Martinsburg. All movements of the enemy should be closely watched in these directions. General Averell, commanding at martinsburg, is directed to scout and patrol the country between Mills' Gap and Bloomery Gap. The Fifth Virginia Cavalry is now temporarily attached to these headquarters and stationed at Patterson's Creek to guard the southern approach to the city of Cumberland, and to scout and patrol in the direction of Bloomery Gap and Romney. By this system, and a strict attention given to it by the parties sent out, we can be always informed in time when a movement of the enemy takes place. It is intended and necessary that the parties sent out by you, by General Averell, and Colonel Latham (Fifth Virginia) should be well informed, and should try to meet and communicate with each other. To prevent conflicts, a common countersign will be issued for all the troops in the eastern and central part of the department. Your cavalry are not in as good condition as they should be. In many cases new horses are needed, for which requisitions should be made without delay. Many of the men are new recruits, and should be properly drilled. At least the minimum number should be ready

