
WASHINGTON, March 25, 1864-3. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Army of the Potomac:

Two regiments of heavy artillery, numbering about 3,000 men, are ordered to the Army of the Potomac, and will leave as soon as they can be replaced by men from other forts. Please direct General Meade to telegraph General Augur where they are to land.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, March 25, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I would recommend that General Newton be ordered to report to General Sherman, and General Sykes to General Curtis.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 11. March 25, 1864.

The following regulations are published for the information and guidance of the army:

I. Hereafter the inspector-general's department of the Army of the Potomac is to be composed and organized as follows:

The inspector-general, an assistant inspector-general, and an inspector of artillery, to be stationed at headquarters.

An assistant inspector-general for each corps, to be stationed at corps headquarters.

Inspectors, in number equal to the divisions and brigades in the army, to be denominated division inspectors and brigade inspectors, the former to be selected preferably from officers of the rank of major, the latter from officers of the rank of captain or lieutenant, by corps commanders, and the chief of artillery of the Army of the Potomac, respectively, subject to the approval of the commanding general of the army.

The provost-marshal-general's and the volunteer engineer brigades being independent commands, their inspectors will be appointed by the respective commanders thereof.

II. The artillery reserve, with any regiment as its guard, and the brigades of horse artillery will constitute independent commands, and will each have in inspector, like the artillery brigades attached to corps, who shall be appointed by the chief of artillery Army of the Potomac, subject to the approval of the commanding general, and who are to alternate with the inspectors of artillery brigades attached to corps.

III. Division inspectors and brigade inspectors, except those of the artillery, are not to be considered as belonging to any particular division or brigade, but are to be subject to the orders and supervision of their corps inspectors, who will assign them, from time to time, to divisions and brigades. The artillery brigade inspectors may be transferred from one artillery brigade to another by the inspector of artillery. It will be the duty, however, of each division and brigade

