
inspector to render the stated reports of some particular division or brigade, to be designated from time to time, respectively, by the corps inspector and inspector of artillery, the principle of rotation being observed.

IV. the regular battalion of engineer soldiers will be inspected by an officer of the department, to be detailed by the inspector-general.

V. Once detailed for duty in the department, an officer is not to be relieved therefrom without the approval of the inspector-general.

VI. Officers of the department are not to serve in any other capacity except incases when the public interests absolutely require it; and in all such cases the approval of the commanding general, through the inspector-general, must be given.

VII. It will be the duty of the officers of the department to keep themselves at all times thoroughly acquainted with the condition and wants of the commands with which they may be serving. They are to be prompt and energetic in detecting violations of regulations and reporting abuses, and are to adopt all measures proper to call the attention of those having authority to correct the evils on the spot. Great care is to be observed that no injustice is done to troops, or to individual officers or men, by making reports which are not fully sustained by personal and thorough examination by inspectors. The strictest impartiality must be studied, and their responsible duties must be performed without fear or favor.

VIII. It is especially enjoined on inspector to acquire a knowledge of all existing regulations and orders, to which it will be the inspector-general's duty to call their attention from time to time, with a view to a report as to the observance thereof by the troops. *

* * * *

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK:

The commanding general has no objection to the assignment of General Hays to the command of a brigade in General Birney's division, as proposed in your dispatch of this morning.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BIRNEY'S HEADQUARTERS, March 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I wish to apply to the major-general commanding the army, through the corps commander, for the assignment of Brigadier-General Morris to the command of my Second Brigade. General Morris desires the assignment. Will Major-General Hancock forward this request?

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*Detailed instructions omitted.

---------------

