
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTER SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. March 25, 1864.

Brigadier General Henry Prince, having reported at these headquarters in compliance with General Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Army of the Potomac, is assigned to the command of the division of the Third Corps transferred to this command, the division to be known hereafter as the Third Division, Sixth Corps.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. MCMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 127. Washington, March 25, 1864.

* * * *

13. Major General A. Pleasonton, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will repair without the least delay to Saint Louis, Mo., and report for duty to Major-General Rosecrans, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Department of the Missouri.

* * * *

59. Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person without delay to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

60. Brigadier General J. B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as a member of the Military Commission convened by Special Orders, Numbers 53, February 2, 1863, from this office, and will report in person without delay to Major-General Meade, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. CORPS, ARMY OF POTOMAC, Numbers 14. March 25, 1864.

Having been relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac, the regret of separation from the many personal associations established in the Cavalry Corps becomes more impressive by the devotion, generosity, and noble bearing that have been exhibited throughout one of the most eventful periods in the history of the war.

The brave seek no higher tribute than the confidence of their comrades. Your glorious deeds testify to the trust you have maintained so sacred.

Continued to be animated by the same spirit that now guides your colors to victory, and you will reap the reward of duty to yourselves, your country, and your God.

A. PLEASONTON,

Major-General.

