
Second Brigade, Brigadier General Alexander Hays commanding: Fourth Maine Volunteers, Seventieth Maine Volunteers, Third Michigan Volunteers, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Fifth U. S. Sharpshooters.

Fourth Division, Brigadier General J. B. Carr commanding:

First Brigade, Brigadier General G. Mott commanding: Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Massachusetts Volunteers, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers.

Second Brigade, Colonel William R. Brewster, Seventy-third New York Volunteers, commanding: Seventieth New York Volunteers, Seventy-first New York Volunteers, Seventy-second New York Volunteers, Seventy-third New York Volunteers, Seventy-fourth New York Volunteers, One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, Eleventh massachusetts Volunteers, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

All officers of the general staff rendered supernumerary by the operation of this order will report to the chiefs of their respective departments at these headquarters for instructions.

Staff officers not on the general staff, becoming superunerary under this order, will rejoin their regiments for duty.

The organization of the staff of the corps will be announced hereafter.

The organization of the staff of the corps will be announced hereafter.

The artillery brigade will retain its present organization, with such changes of batteries as may be ordered from artillery headquarters.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. March 25, 1864.

In pursuance to General Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated March 24, 1864, the consolidation of division and rearrangement of brigades is made as follows:

I. The commanding officer of the First Division of the old Fifth Corps will consolidate the three brigades into two brigades, to be designated as the Second and Third Brigades, First Division, Fifth Army Corps.

II. The old Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, will be consolidated into one brigade, to be designated as the First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps, commanded By Brigadier General R. B. Ayers.

III. The old Third Division of the Fifth Army Corps will remain as the new Third Division, Fifth Army Corps.

IV. The Second Brigade of Third Division, First Army Corps, is transferred to the Second Division, First Army Corps, and this division will hereafter be designated as the Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

47 R R-VOL XXXIII

