
V. The First Brigade of Third Division, First Army Corps, is transferred to the First Division, First Army Corps, and this division will hereafter be designated as the Fourth Division, Fifth Army Corps.

VI. The designating flas of the old First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps; of the old Second Division, Fifth Army Corps; of the old Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, and of the Third Division, First Army Corps, will be turned in to the corps quartermaster.

VII. The provost guard of the Third Division will return to their regiments.

VIII. All staff officers rendered supernumerary by the consolidation will report in person to these headquarters as soon as they can properly turn over their papers and close their former official duties.

IX. The following is the assignment of general officers to commands in the consolidated corps:

First. Brigadier General J. S. Wadsworth, commanding Fourth Division.

Second. Brigadier General S. W. Crawford, commanding Third Division.

Third. Brigadier General J. C. Robinson, commanding Second Division.

Fourth. Brigadier General Charles Griffin, commanding First Division.

Fifth. Brigadier General R. B. Ayres, commanding First Brigade, First Division.

Sixth. Brigadier General J. J. Bartlett, commanding Third Brigade, First Division.

Seventh. Brigadier General L. Cutler, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division.

Eighth. Brigadier General henry Baxter, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

Ninth. Brigadier General James Barnes, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Tenth. Brigadier General James C. Rice, commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

X. The following is the corps staff:

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Bankhead, inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. Locke, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant-Colonel W. H. Owen, chief quartermaster.

Captain D. L. Smith, acting chief commissary of subsistence.

Captain W. T. Gentry, commissary of musters.

Other officers of the staff will be announced in subsequent orders.

By command of Major-General Warren:

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 59. Cumberland, Md., March 25, 1864.

* * * *

III. The brigade of Brigadier General Frank Wheaton, now attached to the First Division, Brigadier-General Sullivan, is hereby, under orders from the Headquarters from the Headquarters of the Army, relieved from further duty in this department, and will return to the Army of the Potomac.

* * * *

By order of Major General F. Sigel:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

