
COURT OF INQUIRY,

Cumberland, Md., March 25, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The order that has come to-day returning my command to the Army of the Potomac is intended, I presume, to include the brigade entire, as it left the crops to which I belong. I write to remind you that one of my most important officers, assigned to me by the War Department (Captain Wray, assistant quartermaster), was detailed by General Kelley as quartermaster at Harper's Ferry, when Captain Flagg was relieved at General Sullivan's request. An order from you will be necessary to relieve my brigade quartermaster (Wray), directing him to report to the present brigade commander. I am very much obliged for the kind intentions you expressed to me in case I had been left in your department, but perhaps it is best that my troops should continue to follow the fortunes of that army with whose successes and misfortunes they and I have been identified since its organization.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

FRANK WHEATON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 25, 1864.

Brigadier General FRANK WHEATON,

U. S. Volunteers, Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: I received your communication of this date, requesting that Captain Wray, assistant quartermaster, now on duty at harper's Ferry, be returned to your brigade, soon to move to the Army of the Potomac, and have to reply that orders will be issued in accordance with your wishes. I regret exceedingly to part with you and your command, but agree with you that it is probably best that your troops should continue to form a portion of the gallant Army of the Potomac. My best wishes attend you.

Very respectfully, &c.,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 11. Cumberland, Md., March 25, 1864.

Major General Julius Stahel, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters, in pursuance of orders of the War Department, is assigned to duty as chief of cavalry of this department.

All orders emanating from his headquarters will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

