
the balance of the cavalry company in camp ready for immediate service. Arriving at the bridge I found that the enemy had made a dash at our pickets on the Neuse road, capturing probably two posts, only 3 men having succeeded in reaching the block-house, but these, with the reserve of 11 men, were keeping up a steady fire at the enemy, who, feeling conscious of their strength, had boldly advanced to the edge of the creek in considerable numbers, in front and on the right, and were trying to hit wherever they saw a head or head a noise. The time of attack was well chosen, for a fog and light drizzling rain covered their advance, besides cutting off all our signal communication. After dismounting 4 cavalrymen, placing them behind the breast-work on the left of the bridge, where there were only 2 of our men, sending men to the right and left to prevent a flank movement, and cautioning Lieutenant Haring not to was his ammunition, I dispatched a messenger to you, stating the situation and requesting re-enforcements, sending written orders at the same time to Lieutenant Leith, commanding at Beech Grove, to send me 10 men and to advance his pickets toward the Neuse road along the creek.

At this time a squad of cavalry, under Lieutenant Marshall, reported to me, and leaving messenger at convenient points, I posted the rest on the right and left of the bridge, where the enemy appeared in some strength, and on the right especially were yelling like devils, and had just sent up a rocket. The fire at this time was severe, as the rebels had opened from four pieces (Napoleons), planted just beyond the ruins of Rigdon Richardson's house, and were firing shell and occasional canister, having the range perfectly but firing generally too high.

Returning from the bridge this time I found that you had anticipated my request for re-enforcements, and I met Captain Green with his company (D), who at once took position at the breast-works, and deployed along the creek to the left, firing with great spirit, holding the enemy in check, and apparently doing considerable execution, as the rebel fire slackened for a few minutes. Lieutenant Wells, special aide-de-camp, and Major Honstain arrived immediately afterward with Companies E and G, and being informed by the major that you desired me to report in person at camp, I immediately proceeded to do so, sending one of my orderlies on the way to order back the 10 men from Beech Grove, as an attack might be expected at that point also. After reporting to you and procuring a fresh horse. I started, by your direction, with Lieutenant Wells and Companies H and I up the railroad, where Company B had been sent previously to guard the block-house. We took the Mill road leading to the right, and passing the rear of Davis' house where Company F was guarding the ford in the creek, Lieutenant Wells requested me to take a few men and cross the ford to see if the enemy were retiring, as their artillery fire had been discontinued for a short time. I crossed here and advanced a short distance toward Rigdon Richardson's house, on the Neuse road, without finding anything, and leaving the men posted, returned, and was joined by Lieutenant Wells with Companies F, H, and I. We then advanced through the woods, Company F in the advance, deployed as skirmishers, but had not gone over 150 yards when we came upon the enemy, and retired under a brisk fire across the ford, which Company F was left to guard, and Lieutenant Wells returning to camp, I went with the other two companies to the old mill, which

