HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, March 25, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

When the First New York Cavalry arrives I will post it so that it may in a measure replace the infantry sent away. I must, however, control it, in order to put it in serviceable condition. Scouts from Little Cacapon saw or heard nothing.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

I will come up and see you to-night if you have no objections.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Charleston:

Report in person to Lieutenant-General Grant at Culpeper without delay. Telegraph to me when you leave Charleston and when you pass through Cumberland. I have some papers for you. Please acknowledge.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 25, 1864.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 21st, relating to the iron-clad at Plymouth, together with the statement for Commander Flusser. The admiral's dispatch will be sent by the earliest opportunity.

During the week a storm of unusual severity has prevailed, deranging the communications very much. My latest from General Wessells was of the date of the 20th, although two boats are due. At that time he was of the opinion that an attack was contemplated by the enemy. Rumors also came in of some movement of troops by rail between Kinston and goldborough. I sent a man to Kinston for information, and look for him in two or three days. So soon as the man returns and matters subside about Plymouth I will go up and see if the navy can go up and destroy the iron-clad. If not, I will endeavor to ascertain the practicability of sending a force of cavalry, as suggested by you. He does not specify which side of the river she is lying. That is important for the movement of the cavalry. The Bombshell is rather small for this service. In case the navy undertakes the matter she would be of value.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

