
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 26, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: All detachments, as well as regiments and batteries, moving north from Army of the South (General Gillmore) will rendezvous here, reporting to General Casey.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, March 26, 1864-12 noon.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Culpeper, Va.:

Orders sent to General Gillmore to hold his troops in readiness. I have also seen the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, as you requested, about iron-clads. Recent advices from Mobile represent that harbor defenses have been greatly increased. I think that another regiment of heavy artillery can very soon be organized and sent to the front, if desired. General Augur will visit you to-morrow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, Washington, March 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Culpeper:

GENERAL: Major-General Burnsides has applied for six batteries more of artillery [from] depot in this city to be assigned to his army corps and sent to Annapolis. As these batteries are under drill and instruction here and have quarters, I think they should remain till Burnside's corps is ordered to the field. If sent to Annapolis, barracks or tents must be provided for them there. Moreover, they may be very useful here in case of a raid on the city or across the Potomac. They will be kept in readiness to join Burnside the moment he starts for the field. I think this arrangement fra preferable to sending them at present to Annapolis. I think some measures should be adopted to prevent officers from corresponding with members of Congress, members of the Cabinet, &amp;c., on military affairs, without going through the proper military channels. A large portion of the time here and at the War Department is taken up with these indirect applications for transfers, leaves of absence, promotions, &c. The Secretary of War is disposed to put a stop to this by arresting every officer guilty hereafter of the offense. I inclose draft of a general order on this subject for your consideration. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 26, 1864-8 p. m.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, A. A. G., War Department:

Paragraph 13, Special Orders, Numbers 127, War Department, relieving Major-General Pleasonton from duty with this army, is received.

General Pleasonton left here this morning.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Approved and order issued March 30. See p. 769.

---------------

