
those whose character, fitness, and service best entitle them to it. Under the present system this is impossible. With the organization you propose it might be made easy.

I trust your letter will produce good effect.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

PONY MOUNTAIN, March 26, 1864-4. 45 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

All quiet. The enemy placed seven guns in position at Somerville Ford this p. m. No working parties seen.

MCCLOSKEY.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, March 26, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General NEWTON, and CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Army of the Potomac:

No change to-day. Small party of enemy's cavalry on scout toward Thoroughfare Mountain have returned.

CASTLE,

Signal Officer.

STONY MOUNTAIN, March 26, 1864.

Captain NORTON,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

All quiet. Small party of the enemy are at work between raccoon and Somerville Fords.

TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: It has always appeared to me that the prescribed system of four lines of pickets was complicated. The three lines as originally established-the pickets, the support, the reserve-seemed sufficient. I find that in the divisions of the late Third Corps neither system is followed, and that the picket duty is very badly performed. If the major-general commanding wishes to revise the system I would suggest that it be done now. I will send the report of the corps officer of the day to-day merely to show the condition of the picket-line of the divisions lately assigned to me, as I have found it. I would suggest also that an order be issued from army headquarters re-establishing the picket-line, in order, if practicable, that the pickets of the divisions of this corps may form one continuous line.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.

