
Jersey Volunteers, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, and Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be commanded by Brigadier General W. H. Morris.

Second Brigade, One hundred and tenth, One hundred and twenty-second, and One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Sixty-seventh and One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be commanded by Brigadier General D. A. Russell.

The general staff officers of the Third Brigade, broken up by this order, will turn over the public property for which they are accountable to the proper staff officers of the other brigades of the division, and will report in person at these headquarters for assignment.

II. All enlisted men with the Third Division belonging to regimens serving with other divisions will be relieved and ordered to rejoin their regiments.

III. Brigadier General D. A. Russell is assigned to the command of the Second Brigade, Third Division, and will report to Brigadier-General Prince.

By command of Major-General Sedgwick:

M. T. MCMAHON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General MERRITT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division, Culpeper, Va.:

By direction from headquarters Army of the Potomac, you will at once establish your headquarters outside of Culpeper, and all officers of your command now quartered in Culpeper will join their appropriate commands.

By order of Brigadier-General Gregg, commanding corps:

E. B. PARSONS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division, Stevensburg:

The general commanding the corps directs me to inform you that the detachment of your command cannot be withdrawn from Grove Church unless you relieve it with other cavalry.

Very respectfully,

E. B. PARSONS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 26, 1864.

Governor BOREMAN, Wheeling, W. Va.:

I find it necessary to concentrate the Eleventh Virginia Infantry on some important point between Parkesburg and Clarksburg to make our lines more secure. The companies of the Eleventh are now scattered in Braxton County, at Weston, Glenville, Wirt County, parkersburg, Ravenswood, and Barboursville. These positions must be evacuated, with the exception of Parkersburg, where two companies

