
are better acquainted with the country. If you wish to keep the Twenty-second Pennsylvania, I will order the Ringgold Battalion to join them. I have applied for more cavalry, and will re-enforce you as soon as possible. Please report what regiments you have selected.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

HALLTOWN, March 26, 1864.

Captain WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The infantry pickets have been withdrawn this afternoon without my knowledge. I will re-establish the line to-night, if possible.

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General DUFFIE,

Charleston, Kanawha:

The general commanding the department directs that you immediately prepare one regiment of infantry, about one-third of your available cavalry, and two pieces of artillery, to occupy some point as an advanced corps of observation. As little baggage and as few wagons as possible must be taken. Telegraph when the troops will be about ready to move.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 3RD. Brigadier, 2nd DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Clarksburg, W. Va., March 26, 1864.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of West Virginia, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: The following is the substance of a communication received from Captain William Hall, Rowlesburg, viz: On the 19th instant a party of 8 rebels belonging to Imboden's command came into Tucker County and robbed David Wheeler's store and stole several horses. Lieutenant Gallion, Sixth Virginia Infantry, followed them, and also sent word to Captain Lambert, State scout service. The latter started his men for the Links and came up with the rebel squad on Sunday night, 20th instant, and took them by surprise, killing 3, taking 2 of them prisoners, recapturing the store goods and 9 horses. The prisoners are named --- Weed and Taylor Chinoworth. Weed says that Imboden had sent 11 of them across the mountain to capture a wagon train between Webster and Beverly. They concealed themselves within 20 yards of the road, 15 miles from Beverly, but the tain was strongly guarded and they did not attack it. They were informed that a train of five wagons had gone to Beverly without a guard and they waited one day for its return, but it di not come. They then started back. The squad divided, and one part of it

