
robbed Wheeler's store. Weed says that Imboden is in the valley with 1,500 men and one battery, and the horses are in good condition. Captain Lambert took the prisoners to Wheeling last night, 24th instant.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 26, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I have just received a communication from General Wessells, commanding Sub-district of the Albemarle, of the 24th. He writes:

I can get no accurate information as to the force of the enemy above; some say fifteen regiments and others say 15,000. It is impossible to arrive at the truth at present,but the indications are certainly threatening. There are three indications worthy of notice, viz, closing the lines above, moving the torpedoes near Williamston, and the absence of river obstructions near Fort Branch.

Four North Carolina soldiers, who deserted in disgust the rebel camp at Danville, have just arrived. They state that three regiments of infantry had just arrived at Tarborough from Waldon, and that some 4,000 were at Greenville. The talk was of an intended movement on Washington and New Berne.

Mr. Clang came in from Columbia via Goldsborough; belongs to the secret order; was informed by loyal men at Goldsborough that New Berne would be attacked, and that the iron-clad was about ready.

I have sent your dispatches to General Wessell for his views, after conferring with Commander Flusser. He will have some later advice touching the amount of force and the position of the iron-clad. I feel entirely sanguine that the iron-clad in the Roanoke will be destroyed if she attacks Plymouth.

I inclose the latest rebel papers. Recently but very few have reached our lines.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 26, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to mail you this day certain extracts from a communication of Brigadier-General Wessells, dated 24th, in respect to the rebel iron-clad and operations of the enemy above Plymouth. Commander Davenport has just placed in my hands a dispatch from Commander Flusser, U. S. Navy, a copy of which will be found on the next page for your information. He would send the Tacony now, but the others, as he says, are mere shells. If the next news is of the same character he will dispatch her, because I can temporarily dispense with her, since the 100-pounder rifle is in position at the battery at the termination of the creamillere line on the right flank.

