
U. S. STEAMER MIAMI,

Plymouth, N. C., March 24, 1864.

Commander H. K. DAVENPORT,

Senior Naval Officer, Sounds of N. C., U. S. S. Hetzel, New Berne:

SIR: I have information to-day, which would seem to be reliable, to the effect that the iron-clad on this river is at Hamilton, and that the rebels are removing or have removed the torpedoes they had placed in the river below Williamston. It is also stated their boat is 80 feet long, and, something more serious, that her armor is 4 1/2 inches instead of 3 as formerly represented.

We should have the guns for the Suthfield immediately, as we do not know when we will be attacked. The land force (rebel) near us had been lately increased and their lines closed, to prevent information reaching us. I think we may expect an early attack. Please send the Southfield's guns at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. FLUSSER,

Lieutenant-General.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 26, 1864.

Commander H. K. DAVENPORT,

Senior Naval Officer, Sounds of N. C., U. S. S. Hetzel:

COMMANDER: I have inclosed the copy of Commander Flusser's note of the 24th respecting the rebel iron-clad and anticipated attack upon Plymouth, which you left with me for the information of General Butler, commanding the department.

In view of the fact that the Southfield needs a 100-pounder rifle, having burst hers in extricating the Bombshell, I regret that it is not in my power to send you temporarily another gun. The army in North Carolina has but six, one at Plymouth, one at Hatteras, two at Macon, and two at New Berne. While there is an abundance of old guns, there are but seven rifles which can produce any effect upon the two iron-clads, which may be expected down the rivers at any time. This change in the mode of attack on the part of the rebels necessitates a call for more heavy rifles. I have applied for three 100-pounders, in order that I may have them for contingencies, such as bursting and being dismounted. Should the iron-clads get into the sound Hatteras and Roanoke will require them.

In conclusion, I desire to thank you for the prompt tender of the Tacony for service at Plymouth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

PONY MOUNTAIN, March 27, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

All quiet. The enemy have covered with brush the guns reported yesterday at Somerville Ford. Very hazy in direction of the river.

MCCLOSKEY.

