SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE U. S., Numbers 5. In Field, Culpeper C. H., Va., March 27, 1864.

I. Brigadier General George Crook, U. S. Volunteers, accompanied by his personal aide-de-camp, First Lieutenant J. N. Patton, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, will report in person to these headquarters for a personal interview with the lieutenant-general commanding, after which he will return to his command at Charleston, W. Va.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

THE STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA, EXECUTIVE DEPT.,

Wheeling, March 27, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 26th instant has been received, in which you say that you "find it necessary to concentrate the Eleventh Virginia Infantry on some important point between Parkersburg and Clarksburg to make our lines more secure. " I further understand from your letter that it is your purpose to withdraw the troops now stationed at Bulltown, Weston, Glenville, &amp;c.

If I am to understand that it is your purpose to concentrate these troops at some point on the railroad, then your proposition amounts to an evacuation of all that part of the State east of the railroad, and between Beverly and the mouth of Gauley River. This, in my opinion, may prove very disastrous, as there are several mountain passes between the two last-mentioned points through which the enemy can approach the interior of the State, and which it will be very difficult to prevent by a force stationed on the railroad, and, moveover, it will probably lead to an abandonment of a large and valuable section of the State by many of our best and most loyal citizens. As the troops are stationed now, the public min in the region spoken of is growing feverish and very much excited as the spring opens, as you may have seen from a letter of E. M&gt; Tunstill, of Weston, sent you by me a few days since, which is only one of the many letters on the same subject that I am receiving almost daily. If the troops are withdrawn to the railroad thee will soon be no civil organization in any county east of that road, as no man would be safe in holding office in any of those counties. As matters now stand, officers are frequently captured and carried off to Richmond. It would be much worse if the military between them and the enemy should be withdrawn. Understanding your proposition as I do, I feel it my duty to say frankly that it will be impossible for me to protect the country which you are about to evacuate. If, however, I am mistaken, and it is your purpose to station troops between Beverly and the mouth of Gauley, so as to prevent the incursions of the enemy, then the interior may be protected against bushwhackers by State organizations.

Very respectfully,

A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor.

