
at the commencement, except the necessary scouting parties. The object of this movement is to get reliable news about the enemy in the direction of Lewisburg and Princeton. The troops will remain there as a corps of observation as long as no strong forces are sent against them, and as long as their lines of retreat are not in danger, or your whole position attacked. I leave it to you to arrange the details of this movement according to your discretion, and to make such modifications in regard to the regiment selected as you think proper. Make your preparations well, and move as soon as you are perfectly ready and all your instructions well understood. The troops must be kept in strict discipline and perfect order on the march. If there is an opportunity they shall arrest at Summerville or vicinity 7 influential rebel citizens, and send them to Charleston as hostages for some Union citizens taken here by rebel guerrillas. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., March 27, 1864--11 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Cumberland, Md.:

Your telegram is just received. Troops will start to-morrow at daybreak. Two companies of my cavalry returned from an expedition toward Wayne County, capturing 13 prisoners and a rebel mail. Rebel prisoners from the Twenty-second Virginia (rebel) Infantry, who were captured yesterday on the road to Lewisburg, report no enemy at Lewisburg. Will you please order the balance of the Third Virginia Cavalry to report here? Can I soon get horses for my command?

A. N. DUFFIE,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 121. Washington, March 27, 1864.

All furloughed men of the Ninth Army Corps will, at the expiration of their furloughs, rendezvous at Annapolis, Md. Department and other commanders will facilitate the execution of this order.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN FIELD, CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

March 28, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The batteries called for by General Burnside had better be furnished in the way you suggest--that is, to assign them to his corps, but leave them where they now are until the corps is moved into the field. They can then be ordered directly to the point where they will be wanted. The order drafted by you is herewith returned, with the request that it be published.

