
I have ordered General W. F. Smith to report to me in Washington City on Thursday next. This order is given with the view of having him assigned to the command of the Tenth Army Corps. I do not care, however, about the order being made assigning him until after he reports.

I think General Wilson should be relieved from duty in the Cavalry Bureau as soon as it is possible to find an officer to succeed him. I cannot suggest an officer to take his place.

In the campaign which it is desirable to commence as soon as our veterans return it is important to have some one near Banks, who can issue orders to him and see that they are obeyed. This will be specially important if a move is made against Mobile, as I now calculate upon. How to effect this I do not see unless all the territory embraced in the Departments of the Missouri, Kansas, Arkansas, and the Gulf are formed into a military division. Who to place in command of it I do not know. Of the four department commanders Steele would be by far the best, and would do very well. He has not got with him, however, a single general officer whom I would like to trust alone with a command. The best suggestion I could make would be to promote Dodge for Steele's command. I wish you would think of this matter and give me your views.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 129. Washington, March 28, 1864.

* * * * * *

29. Major General C. C. Washburn, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby temporarily assigned to the command of the post of Annapolis, Md.

* * * * * *

37. Brigadier General J. C. Caldwell, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby detailed as a member of the military commission now in session in this city, convened by Special Orders, Numbers 53, of February 2, 1863, from this office.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 28, 1864--11. 05 p. m.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM:

The commanding general directs that the Fiftieth New York Engineers join the engineer camp near Rappahannock Station, with as little delay as practicable. If there are men in this regiment that you think it necessary to detain for special service at the depot you are authorized to retain such men. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

48 R R--VOL XXXIII

