
Further report will be made in regard to this matter. He also reports the capture of a rebel spy. One of our infantry scouting parties of 23 men sent out from Sir John's Run to Bloomery Gap on Great Cacapon River, Hampshire County, met 70 of Gilmor's cavalry, fought and repulsed them, killed 3 and wounded 4; they also made 2 lieutenants and 1 man prisoners.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, March 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding Division, Harper's Ferry:

From information received, I am compelled to detach a considerable portion of cavalry from the command of General Averell. I wish, therefore, that you reduce your forces guarding the railroad, especially between Harper's Ferry and Martinsburg, to a minimum, inasmuch as General Averell guards this line in front with his cavalry. The garrison at Harper's Ferry must be restricted to the artillery in the forts and such infantry as can be stationed within the intrenchments and protect the pieces in position. This will enable you to leave one or tow regiments and the battery of Lieutenant Du Pont at Martinsburg for the present to prevent a strong force of the enemy's cavalry dislodging General Averell's command at Martinsburg. This will be only necessary for a very short time, until the pontoons ordered to Williamsport will have arrived there and [we] secure a safe line of communication and retreat to the troops at Martinsburg. In any emergency I will immediately telegraph to Washington to have you re-enforced. I hope that you will do everything you can to comply with these instructions to meet the present emergency.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Harper's Ferry, W. Va., March 28, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In answer to your letter of date March 24, inquiring whether, in my judgment, one or more batteries can hereafter be spared from my command should they be needed elsewhere, I will reply that two batteries can well be spared, viz, Seventeenth Indiana Battery, Captain Miner; Thirtieth New York Independent Battery, Captain von Kleiser.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 28, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

Commanding Division, New Creek:

The general commanding department directs that your order the Eleventh Virginia to concentrate immediately at Bulltown. The

