
company at Weston shall remain there until further orders. As soon as the other companies have arrived at Bulltown the regiment will receive further orders in regard to the position it has to take. The companies of the Sixth Virginia now at Bulltown will report to Colone Wilkinson as soon as they are relieved by an equal number of companies of the Eleventh Virginia. You will direct Colonel Wilkinson to make his arrangements so that the Sixth Virginia Regiment shall guard the railroad from Parkersburg to Oakland, and that the Eleventh Virginia will march forthwith.

By order of Major General F. Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., March 28, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

SIR: I think it is my duty to make you the following report concerning sending troops to Summerville as a corps of observation:

First. The troops at Fayetteville, consisting of three regiments of infantry and one battery of artillery, can fully fulfill the duties required by you.

Second. My cavalry is constantly moving on the roads leading to Princeton and Lewisburg, and I always by so doing shall be aware of any movements of the enemy. My scouts and spies are constantly out.

Third. The distance from Fayetteville to Princeton is shorter than the distance from Summerville. If I have to occupy the place assigned by you (Summerville) I shall require that more infantry and cavalry be sent here, for in case of an attack, my troops being already much scattered throughout the country, it will require for their concentration more than three days. I do not, general, make any objection to order, which orders shall always be fulfilled with promptness and faithfulness, but it is a mere statement that I submit to you for your approval or disapproval. Troops have started and will carry out strictly your orders.

The roads leading to Summerville have been heavily blockaded, and now are, so they are nearly impracticable for wagons, and I positively fear nothing from the enemy on this side of the Gauley River.

I shall beg of you to forward to me without delay the arms and horses required to place this command efficient for field duties.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

A. N. DUFFIE,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, March 28, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: When Colonel Sreight was here I had conversation with him in regard to the transfer of himself and regiment to this department. The long residence of himself and officers in Richmond and

