SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 6. In Field, Culpeper C. H., Va., March 29, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Major General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General F. Sigel, commanding Department of West Virginia, for duty.

The Quartermaster's Department at Washington, D. C., will furnish transportation for his horses.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN FIELD, CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

March 29, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Expedition, Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

In the expedition to start from Beverly, Va., and which you have been selected to command, the main object will be to destroy the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, so that it can be of no further use to the enemy during the rebellion. Anything else that can be accomplished in the way of destroying what may be made useful by the enemy in prolonging the war will be well. Unless something should transpire to change present plans, you will move, when directed to do so, by the most practicable route to Covington, Va. ; thence to the easiest point of access on the railroad above alluded to. General Crook will move about the same time from Charleston, Va., striking for Saltville, and will work eastward from that point to form a junction with you. You may find it necessary to fall back from the line of the railroad to your former base, either in consequence of the difficulty of procuring supplies or by the movements of the enemy, especially Longstreet's or Breckinridge's command.

Not being able to communicate freely with either your department commander or with these headquarters, the necessity of such a move you will have to be the judge of. However, as there will be an advance attempted both east and west of you, it is expected you will find no difficulty in moving eastward to Lynchburg, and possibly, by subsisting upon the country for a time, establish a base of supplies on the James River. In case of this much success, you will make no backward movement, at least not without further orders.

The iron-works at Fincastle are of much importance to the enemy whilst they hold the part of the State in which they are located. If, therefore, you find it necessary to fall back, and it is practicable to do so, destroy them beyond all repair. This is not given as positive official instructions, not being given through the department commander, but it is the substance of what I now think will be your instructions, sent in the proper time and in the proper manner, and is given in order to give you as much time as possible in obtaining a knowledge of the country in which you will have to operate.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

