
ceeded to New Berne, arriving at 2. 30 p. m., twelve hours from the time of or first attack.

I must beg leave before closing my report to mention in my official capacity such individual instances of coolness and heroism as came under my notice. Where the whole regiment, emulating the example of its commanding officer, displayed such a brave and determined spirit it would seem invidious to particularize, but leaving it to Lieutenant-Colonel Hitchock, who conducted the fight on the Neuse road, and to the commandants of companies engaged, to call your attention to merit which has escaped me, I mention as an act of duty, those whom I saw distinguishing themselves. Lieutenant Haring's brave defense of the Neuse bridge is worthy of especial mention. In this he was nobly seconded by Captain Thomas B. Green, Lieutenant Cusick, and Companies D and G, with Lieutenants Gearing and Ryan, who were both badly wounded, the respective companies losing heavily. It was here that Lieutenant Zenette, acting quartermaster, fell while supplying the men with ammunition. He was a brave and accomplished soldier and gentleman, and fell universally regretted.

The well-known coolness and good judgment of Lieutenant W. W. Wells, your special aide-de-camp, contributed largely to our defense and ultimate safe retreat.

Captain E. A. Jones, commanding Company F, maneuvered his men steadily during a brief skirmish with the enemy, and the courageous conduct of Lieutenant Hallenbeck, First Sergt. William L. Lundlum, and the non-commissioned officers and privates of Company B, who formed the rear guard, I need not enlarge upon, as the facts in the case you had ample opportunity of witnessing.

The regiment has proved itself to be worthy of New York. From the statement of prisoners it appears that we were opposed, with a handful of men, to thousands of the enemy's veteran troops, comprising the brigades of Kemper, Ransom, and Hoke, with the Twenty-first Georgia and Forty-third North Carolina, and other troops, the whole under the command of Major-General Pickett; that their object was to capture, if possible, our pickets without firing a shot, to take the Neuse bridge by surprise, and advancing on New Berne, to enter the city at 5 a. m. before sufficient preparations could be made for its defense. Of this there can no doubt. This bold plan has been defeated this time by the vigilance of our pickets and the determined opposition which the enemy met with from our regiment. During the fight on the Neuse road we were re-enforced by a portion of the Seventeenth Massachusetts and a section of Captain Angel's battery, Third New York Artillery, who all behaved with their accustomed gallantry, but this force only arrived in time to take part in a hopeless encounter with a vastly superior force and in a retreat which was inevitable, after a foothold had once been gained by the enemy on this side of the Neuse bridge.

The minuteness with which I have detailed the incidents connected with my tour of duty must be my apology for the extreme length of this report, which is very respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. SMITH,

Captain 132 d, N. Y. Vols., General Officer of the Day.

Colonel P. J. CLAASSEN,

Commanding Outposts.

