
effect the foregoing provisions, so far as this army is concerned, corps and other independent commanders will at once appoint a board of three officers, whose duty it shall be to examine into all applications for transfer to the Navy within their several commands, and who will make through the regular channels of military correspondence a daily report to these headquarters of all cases that meet the foregoing requirements. Such report will give the names, companies, and regiments of the applicants, together with all the facts necessary to authorize a transfer, and the nature of the evidence in support of the application.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 29, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The following will be the organization of the artillery of this army under General Orders, Numbers 10, Army of the Potomac, current series:

Artillery Brigade, Second Corps, Colonel J. C. Tidball, Fourth New York Artillery, commanding: Hazard's battery (B, First Rhode Island Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Ames' battery (G, First New York Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Gilliss' batteries (C and I, Fifth U. S. Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Rodger's battery (K, Fourth U. S. Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Arnold's battery (A, First Rhode Island Artillery), six 3-inch rifles; Sleeper's battery (Tenth Massachusetts), six 3-inch rifles; Ricketts' battery (F, First Pennsylvania Artillery), six 3-inch rifles; McKnight's battery (Twelfth New York), six 3-inch rifles. Total, eight batteries, forty-eight guns.

Artillery Brigade, Fifth Corps, Colonel C. S. Wainwright, First New York Artillery, commanding; Stewart's battery (B, Fourth U. S. Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Winslow's battery (D, First New York Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Mink's battery (H, First New York Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Martin's battery (C, Massachusetts Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Rittenhouse's battery (D, Fifth U. S. Artillery), six 10-pounder Parrotts; Phillips' battery (E, Massachusetts Artillery), six 3-inch rifles; Reynolds' batteries (E and L, First New York Artillery), six 3-inch rifles; Cooper's battery (B, First Pennsylvania Artillery), six 3-inch rifles. Total, eight batteries, forty-eight guns.

Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, Colonel C. H. Tompkins, First Rhode Island Artillery, commanding; McKnight's battery (M, Fifth U. S. Artillery), six light 12-pounders; McCartney's battery (A, Massachusetts Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Bucklyn's battery (E, First Rhode Island Artillery), six light 12-pounders; Harn's battery (Third New York Independent), six light 12-pounders; Robinson's battery (Fourth Maine), six 3-inch rifles; Waterman's battery (C, First Rhode Island Artillery), six 10-pounder Parrotts; Adams' battery (G, First Rhode Island), six 3-inch rifles; Cowan's battery (First New York Independent), six 3-inch rifles.

Artillery Reserve, Colonel H. S. Burton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, commanding: Brooker's battery (B, First Connecticut Artillery), four

