
protected; the same is the case with Grafton, Clarksburg, and Parkersburg. Efforts have been made to intrench these places and to disengage our forces there, but nothing of great consequence has been accomplished. A small fort is now under construction at Cumberland, another at Clarksburg.

New Creek has one fort, which is well constructed, but partly dilapidated, and only armed by an old iron 14-pounder and a 4-pounder. This fort, with its miserable armament, cannot prevent the enemy reaching the stores and destroying them; it is also perfectly commanded by the surrounding hills. At Beverly and Bulltown intrenchments have been made for the small forces occupying these advanced positions. There is also a fort 10 miles from Charleston (Fort Piatt, on the Kanawha), and another fort at Fayetteville, but these intrenchments must be abandoned as soon as the enemy moves in considerable force from Summerville and Braxton against Charleston. The defense of the State, therefore, depends at this moment principally on the troops alone and their capability to move and to fight.

Fifth. The condition of many of the troops is poor, from the fact that they have been lying still for a long time; that they are scattered by squads, companies, and regiments, and not united in brigades or divisions, and under the surveillance of their brigade and division commanders.

Brave as the soldiers may be individually, and with the exception of a few well-drilled and well-disciplined regiments, they have become loose and degenerated by inactivity and garrison life. They may be made soldiers, but at this moment they are very far from understanding their duties. The cavalry force within this department is a mixture of calvary and mounted infantry. Their number is greatly weakened by their inefficiency. Scattered and scouting over hundreds of miles, in a mountainous region, they suffer in proportion to the arduous duties they have to perform.

In the whole Department of West Virginia, between the Potomac and the Ohio, there are now (according to last return) twelve cavalry regiments, four of them changed from infantry into mounted infantry and cavalry.

A great portion of these forces are on duty in the eastern section of the country, between the Shenandoah and Cacapon Rivers. A weak regiment of mounted infantry, a regiment of cavalry, and a disorganized battalion of cavalry (Ringgold Battalion) are stationed between the upper Potomac and New Creek, two companies between New Creek and Parkersburg, an interval of 180 miles; the rest of the forces (three regiments) stationed in the Kanawha Valley.

In case of a cavalry raid through the central part of the State, we would hardly have one cavalry regiment for a direct defense, while our infantry could not easily overtake and stop the attacking cavalry forces on account of their being too much scattered on the railroad and on distant points, as Beverly, Bulltown, Burlington, Greenland Gap, &amp;c.

I do not venture to make detailed plans in regard to the best ways of defending the State in case of an attack, or to propose any movements, as such plans would principally depend on the movements in other quarters; my object is simply to make higher authorities acquainted with the facts stated.

I also take leave to inclose a letter* of Lieutenant-Colonel Froth-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

