
with General Ord, throwing his infantry south to hold the enemy from coming through the mountain gaps which they now hold, while, with his cavalry, he marches his way through to the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad and destroys it. His route probably should be left to himself. After striking the road he should, however, move eastward, destroying the railroad as he moves, and join General Ord. Once united, this force will be sufficient to choose their own route and time for returning to their base, or for executing such orders as may hereafter be given.

I have ordered two more regiments of cavalry to report at Charleston, W. Va., and if I can, will order infantry to report for the protection of the railroad. I do not see now where infantry is to come from, but will keep it in mind if it can be got.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., March 29, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that the Twentieth and Twenty-first Regiments Pennsylvania Cavalry, now in the Department of the Susquehanna, may be ordered to report to me for duty in this department.

These regiments were originally six months' troops, and served nearly the whole of their time in this department; were ordered to their State a short time before the expiration of such term to reorganize, and are now ready, as is understood, for active service in the field. Their former experience in this command would render their services more valuable than those of troops who have no acquaintance with the country in which hey are to operate and it is important, in my judgment, that as much cavalry as can readily be spared from adjoining departments be assigned to duty in this.

The cavalry of this command is now stationed in the eastern end of the department and ont eh Kanawha, with proportionately a small number in Hampshire County, W. Va. There are only two companies in all the counties between the Kanawha and the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, from New Creek to Parkersburg, and from Grafton to Summerville and Charleston, and even these are under orders from the War Department to join the Third Virginia Cavalry at Charleston. Strong military reasons, as well as policy, in regard to the extraordinary sufferings of the people in that region from the operations of guerrillas and bushwhackers, suggest the propriety of a compliance with my application, especially as at present no cavalry can be spared from the eastern and more central portion of the department.

In conclusion, i respectfully invite attention to Special Orders, Numbers 580, of December 1, 1863. War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, and to copy of Special Orders, Numbers --, of Brigadier-General Kelley, commanding department at that date, showing that these troops have formerly served in this department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

