HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Plymouth, N. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 27th has just reached me, and I attach great weight to the statement of the escaped officer. My spy returned from Kinston last evening. He required at least eight days to get there and back, some 60 miles only. He says the two rams are to act in conjunction, and that we will be attacked after a while, when they are ready. Colonel Cole, who has just made a scout over toward the Chowan, writes to Colonel Mix that we will be attacked at New Berne in a few weeks at the furthest and by a strong force. We must prepare for the worst everywhere, and then we shall make a good fight when the crisis arrives. The enemy expect to have the obstructions wash away by high water, which may happen. Your wish in this respect is greater than ours in the Neuse. The last storm raised the water 3 feet in the river.

What is needed at Roanoke Island to offer the best resistance to the ram in case it passes your position? Can it not be held there, where the channels are so crooked and narrow? Your batteries should be put in shape and the guns arranged for her.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., March 29, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose, for your consideration, an important letter* from General Wessells of the 27th instant, just received, showing the state of affairs in his front.

My spy came in from Kinston last evening, having been out seven days. He says the two iron-clads are to act in conjunction, and when the enemy is ready we will be attacked. The water has risen in this river and the iron-clad is afloat at Kinston. General Harland reports on the 25th a force of from 4,000 to 5,000 men at Greenville and 1,000 of Pactolus. An extract from a private letter* from one of your officers is also inclosed. He has been out on a reconnaissance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 129. Washington, March 30, 1864.

The attention of all officers is called to the Army Regulations and general orders in regard to correspondence on official matters. All such correspondence must be conducted through the proper official channels, except in cases of pressing necessity, which do not leave time for regular communication, and then the necessity must be stated. All applications or correspondence, through whomsoever

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

49 R R--VOL XXXIII

