
Numbers 8. Reports of Colonel James Jourdan, One hundred and fifty-eight New York Infantry, commanding Sub-district of Beaufort.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF BEAUFORT,Morehead City, N. C., February 10, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the major-general commanding, the following report of operations in this sub-district during the recent advance of the enemy.

On the 1st instant, in compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Palmer, I sent the One hundred and fifty-eight Regiment New York State Volunteers to New Berne, leaving Morehead garrisoned by Company C. Second, Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, and about 200 unarmed recruits of the One hundred and fifty-eight New York State Volunteers. I withdrew 100 men from the garrison of Fort Macon, 50 of whom I placed at Beaufort and the balance at Morehead City, Captain Fuller, Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, was placed in command of Beaufort. On the night of the 1st instant I received the arms and ammunition asked for, with which every man, both soldier and citizen, was armed for the defense of the place.

On the 2nd instant my lines were attacked at Gales' Creek picket station by a large force of the enemy, consisting of General Martin's brigade of infantry, artillery, and cavalry. The rebels were twice repulsed, but their vastly superior numbers compelled the withdrawal of our little force, they falling back on Bogue Sound blockhouse. The Gales' Creek station was then burned by the enemy. Our force was quickly followed up by the rebels to the block-house, where was stationed a company of the Ninth Vermont Volunteers, and after a brisk fight of about half an hour with artillery and infantry, the block-house was carried by assault, its garrison falling back toward Morehead City.

The rebels then advanced quickly upon Newport Barracks, throwing their right flank across the railroad to prevent a retreat. The Ninth Vermont Volunteers, under command of Captain Kelley, stationed at the barracks, met their advancing columns with volleys of musketry, and continued fighting and gradually retiring toward the barracks. The engagement lasted over an hour, our men holding their position, and it was not until there was great danger of all retreat being cut off that the order to abandon the place was given. All public stores were burned to prevent falling into the enemy's hands.

The two companies, Mix's new cavalry, did good service and were continually harassing the enemy at different points. Lieutenant Budlong deserves especial mention for his bravery upon several occasions.

Company D, Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, garrisoning the fort at Newport Barracks, rendered but little assistance as a company, having failed to properly work their guns; a few, however, joined the Ninth Vermont and manned a gun under Lieutenant Viele, of the Ninth. This probably was owing to the absence of their commanding officer, Captain Conwell, who left his command on the morning of the 2nd instant and never returned, and to the inexperience of the lieutenants in charge.

The forces at Newport retired about 6 p. m. across the railroad

