
made, in violation of this order, will not be responded to, and the writers will be arrested and tried for disobedience of orders or recommended to the President for dismissal.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., March 30, 1864--10 p. m.

(Received 11. 40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I think it advisable that governors of States and commanders of all Northern departments be notified to forward to the field all recruits, new organizations, and all the old troops it is possible to spare from their departments, with the greatest dispatch. They can strip their department to the lowest number of men necessary for the duty to be performed. All veterans should return to the command to which they belonged, except when specially ordered otherwise. All recruits and new organizations from Ohio and States east of it I would advise ordered to assemble at Washington, and those from States west of Ohio to be rendezvoused at Louisville. This of course would not apply to recruits raised for particular corps.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER, March 30, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

I will be in Washington to-morrow on my way to Norfolk. Please notify the quartermaster to have the steamer ready to leave the wharf at 5 p. m.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., March 30, 1864--1 p. m.

(Received 1. 20 p. m.)

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Washington, D. C.:

Whilst General Sigel commands a department he will have to be treated with confidence. You will therefore deliver the letter addressed to him on your arrival.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 30, 1864. (Received 8. 10 p. m.)

Honorable C. A. DANA, Assistant Secretary of War:

Your dispatch in relation to furloughing the First and Second Connecticut Artillery has been received and referred to the chief of artillery, who reports that these batteries could not be furloughed without very great inconvenience. They have many men absent

