
armed and equipped, and have been reported for active duty. We have 442 men, including recruits, not fully armed and equipped, and these have not been reported on daily memoranda as present for active duty. I have been in doubt if the 680 should be so reported.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, March 30, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL:

Union prisoner who just came in my lines from Danville reports the enemy as follows: Lewisburg, few cavalry, main body on Second Creek; Princeton, two companies cavalry; at Narrows, Thirty-sixth and Sixtieth Regiment Infantry, under McCausland (many of his men are on furlough); at Wytheville two companies of infantry; Jeffersonville, two companies Sixteenth Virginia Cavalry. They also report negroes working on the fortification at Saltville. General Williams is in command, with a small force of infantry. Will you please be kind enough to answer my communication concerning the cavalry brigade band, which has been sent more than three weeks ago?

A. N. DUFFIE,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 31, 1864.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 4th instant relating to the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, and in reply to say that the regiments of his corps were brought to Washington on urgent application. A part were returned to the Army of the Potomac when their services were required there, and the reason that all were not sent was that they could not all be replaced here. The sending of a part to West Virginia resulted from a military necessity, no other troops being available at the time. The question of returning troops from that department to the Army of the Potomac has been referred to Lieutenant-General Grant for his decision. As regards re-enlistments, I have to say that existing orders require them to be made in the same regiments to which the soldiers belong. The term of service of veterans, as in fact of all soldiers, is calculated from the date of muster into the service of the United States, and not into the service of the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 14. March 31, 1864.

The following assignments to duty of officers of the quartermaster's department, or doing duty therein, are announced. No changes

