
dition on the Peninsula under General Kilpatrick. The detachment destroyed 2 bridges, 1 locomotive, and a train of 15 cars. Loss, 1 man killed, 1 wounded, and 3 prisoners.

Second Division, commanded by Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, Sixteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

March 1 to 3. --Headquarters division, General Gregg commanding, at Stevensburg, Va.

March 4. --Returned to camp at Warrenton, Va. ; headquarters First Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel D. Gardner commanding, at Warrenton; headquarters Second Brigade, Colonel P. Huey commanding, between Warrenton and Warrenton Junction. The portion of this command detached with General Custer returned to-day, without any serious loss excepting a few horses worn out with fatigue.

March 5 to 8. --Quiet; nothing unusual occurring.

March 9. --Scout of 40 men from the Thirteenth Pennsylvania were attacked by the enemy in vicinity of Greenwich; the attacking party comprised a portion of Mosby's guerrillas and some of the Fourth Virginia Cavalry; casualties, 9 captured.

March 10. --Quiet.

March 11. --A scout of 75 men from the Eighth Pennsylvania scouted thoroughly the country in the vicinity of Auburn; no trace of the enemy.

March 12 to 15. --Quiet. That portion of this command detached with General Kilpatrick returned by way of Alexandria in detachments. In the detachment of First Maine the casualties are 52 killed, wounded, and missing, and the number of serviceable horses was reduced from 556 to 273.

March 16 to 18. --Quiet.

March 19. --Quiet. Major W. A. Corrie, with 126 men of the Eighth Pennsylvania, scouted and picketed in the vicinity of Greenwich; no trace of the enemy to be found.

March 20 to 25. --Quiet. Major-General Pleasonton relieved from command of Cavalry Corps, Special Orders, Numbers 75, Army of Potomac; Brigadier-General Gregg assumed command.

March 26 to 31. --Quiet; nothing wothy of note occurring.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel John P. Taylor, First Pennsylvania Cavalry.

At the commencement of the present month all the available officers and men in this brigade were absent on detached duty with General Custer, on a scouting expedition toward Charlottesville, Va. This expedition was successful, and returned without any loss, except a few horses worn out with fatigue. Although one regiment, the First Rhode Island, has been relieved from duty with the brigade, yet its strength has been greatly augmented by a new battalion for the First Massachusetts Cavalry, two new companies for the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, and several hundred of recruits. the brigade still occupies its old camp in the immediate vicinity of Warrenton, doing picket duty around the town, and forming a junction with the picket-line of the Second Brigade. Nothing further of any importance to record, except that the picket-line has not been troubled so much by Mosby this month as the preceding one.

