
Cavalry, Chincapin Rangers, and a detachment of Mosby's command. The casualties numbered 9, all taken prisoners; 4 wounded, now in hospital at Washington, D. C.

EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

March 1 to 11. --In camp near Warrenton, Va.

March 11. --Captain A. B. Wells and 75 men left camp at 4 p. m. and proceeded to Auburn, scouting thoroughly the country to that place; returned to camp 6 p. m., having found no trace of the enemy.

March 15. --Lieutenant Samuel L. Moore and 40 men went to Morrisville, scouting the country from that place to Grove Church; captured 4 men, one of whom supposed to be a deserter to the enemy.

March 19. --Major W. A. corrie, with 126 men, went to Greenwich, picketing and scouting the roads leading to that place and country in the vicinity, but no trace of the enemy could be found.

March 21. --Captain H. H. Garrett, with 100 men of Lieutenants McCool and Fletcher, relieved a party of the First Maine Cavalry, on picket at Bealeton Station; returned the 24th.

FOURTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

The detachment of men absent with General Kilpatrick on his raid to Richmond returned safely to camp, with the loss of 4 men captured; 149 men have received individual furloughs for thirty-five days as veteran volunteers, and six companies (A, D, F, H, I, and M) have gone to Pennsylvania as veteran organizations, accompanied by their officers. A large number of recruits have been received from the various depots in Pennsylvania.

SECOND PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

March 1 to 31. --In camp near Warrenton, Va.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Judson Kilpatrick.

March 1. --At 1 a. m. the command broke camp near South Anna; marched to Ashland, where a large force of the enemy's infantry, with artillery, was encountered; a portion of the command was sent to attack this force; the main column passed on and crossed the South Anna at daylight; destroyed a culvert, tore up the railroad below Ashland, and reached the Brook pie, 5 miles from Richmond, at 10 a. m. ; engaged the enemy outside the city at 12 m. and drove him inside the fortifications; moved across the Chickahominy at dark; destroyed the railroad bridges on the Virginia Central, and went into camp near Mechanicsville; was attacked at 10 p. m. by infantry, calvary, and artillery, and after one hour's hard fighting repulsed the enemy and drove him toward Hanover Court-House.

March 2. --At 1 a. m. moved toward Old Church and went into camp 12 miles from that point; was attacked by the enemy at daylight; at 8 a. m. moved to Old church and remained until 1 p. m. ; went into camp near Tunstall's Station at dark.

March 3. --Marched early in the morning to New Kent Court-House; met a force sent out by General Butler; went into camp at dark 12 miles from Williamsburg.

March 4. --Moved to Yorktown and went into camp; at 11 p. m. a portion of the command embarked on transports for Portsmouth.

March 7 and 8. --Returned to Yorktown.

