
March 9 and 10. --The First Brigade embarked for Alexandria; reached Stevensburg March 14.

A portion of the Second Brigade started on an expedition to King and Queen Court-House March 9; returned to Gloucester Point March 12, and embarked for Alexandria same day; reached camp at Stevensburg March 19.

The command is doing picket duty from Stringfellow's house, on the rapidan, to Kemper's Dam, on the Rappahannock. A detachment of 250 men is stationed at Grove Church.

First Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry E. Davies, jr.

March 1. --At 12. 30 a. m. broke camp at South Anna, Va. ; marched all night, arriving before Richmond at 12. 30 p. m. ; engaged the enemy at once in his second line of fortifications; encountered strong resistance from heavy siege guns and musketry; left before Richmond at 4 p. m. ; destroyed the bridge in our rear; encamped near Meadow Bridge, 6 miles from Richmond; enemy attacked with cavalry, infantry, and two guns; at 11 p. m. broke camp; marched until 3 a. m. ; went into camp again.

March 2. --Took the road toward Pamunkey River; annoyed in the fore part of the day by some cavalry in our rear; sent one squadron of the command to charge, which put the enemy to flight instantly, capturing 3 prisoners and wounding several. Captain J. F. B. Mitchell, Second New York Calvary, with 250 men of Colonel Dahlgren's command, here cut his way through and joined the main command; impossible to cross the Pamunkey; marched on toward White House, encamping for the night at Tunstall's Station.

March 3. --Met at a short distance from the station a force of cavalry and negro infantry, under command at Colonel Spear, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry. passed through New Kent Court-House and encamped at Twelve-Mile Ordinary in the night.

March 4. --Marched through Williamsburg to Yorktown; went into camp.

March 5, 11 p. m. --Broke camp; started on transports to Portsmouth, Va.

March 6. --Marched 5 miles toward Suffolk and returned, encamping for the night near Portsmouth.

March 7 and 8. --Embarked again for Gloucester Point, going into camp.

March 9 and 10. --Embarked on transports for Alexandria.

March 12. --Left Alexandria; marched to Bull Run, Rappahannock Station, and Stevensburg, arriving March 14 at 3 p. m. The command is doing picket duty ont he extreme left and front of the army from Germanna Ford to Kemper's Dam, and furnishes besides every six days 250 men to Grove Church on picket.

Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Addison W. Preston, First Vermont Cavalry.

February 28. --The brigade left camp near Stevensburg; crossed the Rapidan at 1 a. m.

February 29. --Passed through Spotsylvania Court-House and arrived at Beaver Dam Station, on the Virginia Central Railroad, at sundown; aided in destroying railroad and depot buildings. A de-

