
tachment of 200 men from the First Vermont and Fifth Michigan Cavalry was sent to report to Colonel Dahlgren early in the morning, and formed a part of that officer's command in his raid and attack on Richmond.

March 1. --Crossed the Pamunkey at daylight; arrived in front of Richmond on the afternoon of the same day, and took position within the outer fortifications of the city. The battery of this brigade opened on the rebels, throwing over 100 shots; withdrew at night across the Chickahominy and encamped; camp shelled by the enemy.

March 2. --Returned toward Tunstall's Station; rear guard attacked near Old Chickahominy and encamped; camp shelled by the enemy.

March 2. --Returned toward Tunstall's Station; rear guard attacked near Old Church; enemy repulsed.

March 4. --Arrived at Yorktown.

March 6. --Shipped on transports for Portsmouth; disembarked the same day and encamped.

March 7. --Reshipped and sailed for Gloucester Point.

March 9. --Marched in direction of King and Queen Court-House; encamped near Sheppard's Wharf.

March 10. --Moved up to Little Plymouth; encamped near the Piankatank River.

March 12. --Returned to Gloucester Point and shipped for Alexandria.

March 19. --Returned to camp near Stevensburg, Va.

Cavalry Reserve Brigade, commanded by Colonel Alfred Gibbs, First New York Dragoons.

During the month of March the brigade has remained n camp near Mitchell's Station, Va., picketing a front of about 8 miles in extent and guarding a signal station located upon Cedar Mountain. the First U. s. Cavalry, Fifth U. s. Cavalry,a nd Sixth Pennsylvania Cavalry, supposed when the monthly return for February was made out to have been transferred to General Kilpatrick's command, were engaged int he raid to Charlottesville under Brigadeir-General Custer. Having been returned to the brigade they are now taken up upon this report as a gain.

SECOND ARMY CORPS.

March 1. --In camp near Stevensburg; Major-General Warren in command.

March 4 to 12. --Major-General Warrent on leave; Brigadier-General Caldwell in command.

March 24. --Major-General Hancock resumed command of corps.

March 26. --Reorganization of the corps effected in General Orders, Numbers 11, Second Army Corps.

March 31. --In camp near Stevensburg.

First Division, commanded by Colonel Paul Frank, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

In accordance with the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 11, of March 26, from headquarters Second Corps, the following accessions were made to the command, and reported as required in said order: Thirty-ninth, One hundred and eleventh, One hundred and twenty-fifth, and One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers assigned to Third Brigade. The Sixth Minnesota Volunteers, assigned to First Brigade, has not yet reported.

