
First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel K. Oscar Broady, Sixty-first New York Infantry.

The One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers assigned to duty in this brigade, per General Orders, Numbers 11, March 25, 1864, from headquarters Second Army Corps; strength, 28 commissioned officers and 654 enlisted men.

Third Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Paul Frank, Fifty-second New York Infantry.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 11, headquarters Second Army Corps, dated March 25, 1864, the Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers and One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania were transferred to the Fourth Brigade, First division, Second Army Corps, and the Thirty-ninth, One hundred and eleventh, and One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers were attached to this command from the late third Brigade, Third division, Second Army Corps.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Turner G. Morehead, One hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Infantry.

During the month in camp near Stevensburg, Va., March 1 to 18, the brigade was commanded by Colonel R. Penn Smith, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, march 18 to 26 gy Lieutenant Colonel charles Kochersperger, Seventy-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, march 26 to 31 by Colonel T. G. Morehead, One hundred and sixty Pennsylvania Volunteers. On the 26th instant the One hundred and fifty-second Regiment New York Volunteers added to the brigade, in pursuance of General Orders Numbers 11, headquarters Second Army Corps.

Third Division, commanded by Major General David B. Birney.

March 1. --The division lay in bivouac at James City, near Thoroughfare Mountain, Va.

March 2. --Under orders it returned to its winter quarters near Culpeper, on Rixey's farm.

Nothing from this until March 31, when, under orders from headquarters Second Corps, the division changed camp with the Third Division, Sixth Corps, and now is on both sides of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, about 1 mile south of Brandy Station.

Fourth Division, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr.

March 24. --This division was this day organized from the former Second Division, Third Corps, and Brigadier General Joseph B. Carr assigned to the command.

March 31. --The division still remains in camp near Brandy Station, Va. Nothing further has occurred worthy of note up to this date.

FIFTH ARMY CORPS.

In pursuance of General Ordes, Numbers 115, War Department, March 23, 1864, the Fifth Corps was consolidated into two divisions, by uniting Second with the First, the new divisions were numbered

