
First and Third. The First Corps was likewise consolidated into two divisions, and numbered Second and Fourth. The headquarters of the corps were removed to Culpeper Court-House on the 25th, where they now are.

First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Joseph J. Bartlett.

March 1 to April 1. --The command remained in camp near Rappahannock Station, Va., performing the usual camp and picket duty.

First Brigade; First Division, commanded by Colonel William S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Infantry.

March 1 to 31. --This command remained in camp at Beverly Ford, Va., performing the usual camp and picket duty.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General John C. Robinson.

No change of headquarters since last return. By virtue of General Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Fifth Army Corps, dated March 25, 1864, this division was designated Second Division, Fifth Army Corps, under the provisions of General Ordes, Numbers 115, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 10, headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated March 24, 1864.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Samuel H. Leonard, Thirteenth Massachusetts Infantry.

During the month the brigade has been encamped at Mitchell's Station, Culpeper County, Va., performing outpost duty.

Second Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry Baxter.

March 1. --Stationed at Culpeper Court-House, Va. ; remained in same camp during the month.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Colonel Nathan T. Dushane, First Maryland Infantry.

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Fifth Army Corps, March 25, 1864, this brigade was transferred to the Second Division, First Army Corps, and designated as Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

First Brigade, Fourth Division, commanded by Brigadier General Lysander Cutler.

March 6. --The Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers transferred to the Second Brigade, by General Orders, Numbers 18, March 15, from First Division, First Army Corps.

March 24. --The brigade, with the rest of First Corps, transferred to Fifth Corps, by General Ordes, Numbers 10, Army of the Potomac.

March 25. --First Division announced as Fourth Division of Fifth Corps, by General Orders, Numbers 7, headquarters Fifth Corps.

March 29. --Brigade, as part of division, reviewed by Lieutenant-General Grant.

50 R R--VOL XXXIII

