
SIXTH ARMY CORPS.

March 1. --At Madison Court-House.

March 2. --Marched back to former camp near Welford's Ford, where we remained throughout the month.

First Brigade, First Division, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred T. A. Torbert.

March 1. --Left Madison Court-House at night, following the cavalry of Brigadier-General Custer, a small force of the enemy keeping in our rear, but making no attack. Crossed Robertson River at Russell's Ford and bivouacked about three-fourths of a mile from the river.

March 2. --Broke camp at 8 a. m. and marched via Culpeper Court-House to camp near Welford's Ford, Va., a distance of 22 miles.

Second Brigade, First Division, commanded by Colonel Emory Upton, One hundred and twenty-first New York Infantry.

Nothing worthy of special notice has occurred during the month. the brigade still occupies its camp near Welford's Ford, Va.

Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General George W. Getty.

March 2. --Marched from camp near Roberson River to old camp near Brandy Station and remained during the month.

First Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Frank Wheaton.

March 29. --Joined the Army of the Potomac, having been detached from it and attached to the First Division, Department of West Virginia, at Harper's Ferry, Va.

Third Brigade, Second Division, commanded by Brigadier General Thomas H. Neill.

March 2. --Broke camp at Robertson River and marched back to our camp near Brandy Station, Va.

Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General Henry Prince.

March 31. --The camp of this division was changed to the camp formerly occupied by Major-General Birney's division.

Second Brigade, Third Division, commanded by Brigadier General David A. Russell.

By General Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters Sixth Army Corps, the brigade was organized to consist of the regiments of the Second Brigade and the Sixty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and the One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, of the Third Brigade, Third Division, under the Third Corps organization, which was broken up.

March 31. --Received orders to change camp with Major-General Birney's division, which was accomplished during the forenoon of that day.

