
HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., April 1, 1864.

Colonel WELLS:

The Thirty-fourth Massachusetts will move with all their campand garrison equipage to this place. The One hundred and twenty-third Ohio will move with all their camp and garrison equipage to garrison the road between Harper's Ferry and Monocacy. I want to see you.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 1, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

Commanding Division, New Creek:

Order to Fourteenth Virginia Infantry immediately to New Creek from Burlington. The Twenty-third Illinois shall occupy Greenland Gap with one portion of the regiment, and the rest shall occupy Burlington. Prepare all your infantry and Captain Carlin's battery, with the exception of the Twenty-third Illinois and the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania, to move ont he 3rd instant, and one regiment with the battery to move to-morrow. The troops will move by rail, with overcoats, blankets, knapsacks, shelter-tents, and 60 rounds of ammunition. Your headquarters will remain in New Creek. Make all your preparations immediately, and report to me your progress.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., April 1, 1864.

Colonel JAMES A. MULLIGAN,

Commanding Division, New Creek, W. Va.:

COLONEL: From information received it is necessary to assemble a considerable force in front of our lines, and in accordance with the general arrangement, all your infantry and one of your batteries (Captain Carlin's, First Virginia) will be moved by railroad to Webster, to proceed to the point of concentration. you will, however, retain the Twenty-third Illinois at Greenland Gap and Burlington, as indicated in my telegram of this morning. The troops should and must begin to move to-morrow by rail. They will take their overcoats and blankets, shelter-tents, and knapsacks, with cooking utensils and one suit of underclothing, and be prepared to carry five days' short rations in their knapsacks and haversacks. They must be provided with 60 rounds of ammunition. Transportation and provisions will be furnished to them on requisition at Webster, and in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 274, 1863, War Department.

As Informed you this morning, the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania will be retained here, also the rest of the batteries, and all the cavalry will remain in their present positions. The Sixth Virginia Infantry will guard the railroad from Parkersburg to New Creek, and colonel Wilkinson has to be instructed accordingly. The Fifty-fourth will occupy, with one-half of its strength, the railroad line from Cumberland to Hancock, leaving the other half as a reserve

