
on the railroad from Parkersburg to Monocacy, some of them very small, which is the minimum number necessary to guard the road, as may be seen from three letters of General Sullivan, which I send inclosed. *

The following regiments are left on the road:

The Sixth Virginia, from Parkersburg to Oakland, with a small reserve at Clarksburg. This regiment was raised and organized under the proviso to guard the railroad and was never in the field. There are twenty-eight block-houses on that line.

The Twenty-third Illinois, Colonel Mulligan's old regiment, the remnant of the Irish Brigade, from Oakland to New Creek, with reserve at New Creek.

The Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania, from Cumberland to Hancock, reserve at Cumberland. This regiment was never in the field.

The One hundred and sixteenth Ohio, from Hancock to Harper's Ferry.

The One hundred and twenty-third ohio, from Harper's Ferry to Monocacy bridge.

The Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, at Harper's Ferry and Maryland Heights.

The following regiments are in motion or preparing to move:

The First Virginia, 700 officers and men effective, arrived at Webster.

The Tenth Virginia, 500 officers and men effective, at Beverly.

The Eleventh Virginia, 707 officers and men effective, en route from Clarksburg and Bulltown to Beverly.

The Thirteenth Virginia, 700 officers and men effective, at Cumberland, will embark to-morrow.

The Fourteenth Virginia, 602 officers and men effective, just arrived at New Creek from Burlington, to be embarked to Webster.

The Fifteenth Virginia, 800 officers and men effective, at Sir John's Run, will embark to-morrow.

The Third and Fourth Pennsylvania [Reserves], 850 officers and men effective, to move from harper's Ferry under General Sullivan to-night or to-morrow morning.

The Twenty-eighth Ohio 360 officers and men effective, at Beverly. Of this regiment, 258 men have left on veteran furlough the 24th of Last month. I would propose that this regiment may be retained for the present, if possible.

The Second Maryland at New Creek, but many on furlough, 416 officers and men effective. This regiment cannot leave New Creek before the 7th or 8th.

Total effective force of infantry, ten regiments, 5,635 officers and men.

The infantry will be under command of General Sullivan, the senior general officer in this department, and will be formed into two or three brigades. The artillery is prepared and will be at Beverly at the same time. General Averell is informed in regard to the cavalry, and written ordes were sent to him yesterday. Transportation, provisions, ambulance corps, engineer tools, and a small pontoon train will be ready, and every effort made to have the troops properly equipped and provided for. All the troops and trains will start from the two points, Webster and Clarksburg.

I would respectfully request to be informed to whom I shall send

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

