
my letters and telegrams in regard to movements of the enemy and our own troops, when they are not in answer to your direct communications. I was instructed by Major Kelton, assistant adjutant-general, to send my communications to the Adjutant-General of the Army, but I confess that I am anxious to know the name of the officer at Washington to whom confidential dispatches and letters have to be sent by me at the present time, so that there may be no delay and confusion. I am perfectly satisfied with whatever instructions may be given to me in this matter, but as there might exist some misunderstanding on my part, I feel it my duty to apply to you, to be made aware of your wishes.

I am, general, very respectfully,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 2, 1864.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier General G. D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance:

Please send immediately 450,000 rounds of cartridges, caliber . 58, and 50,000 rounds, caliber . 54 to Webster, near Grafton, Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. Invoice to Captain John Carlin, chief of artillery and ordnance of this department. Formal requisition will be sent by mail. Please acknowledge receipt.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, April 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding Harper's Ferry, W. Va.:

The general commanding ordered all the transportation to be collected at Harper's Ferry, and directs that you require the railroad company [to furnish] sufficient of it to move your command west. He agrees with you in regard to the unprotected state in which the railroad will be left, but cannot help it.

C. A. FREEMAN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CUMBERLAND, April 2, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

Commanding Division, New Creek:

Order the company of the Fifteenth Virginia now at Burlington to join their regiment at Beverly. Order, also, the company of the Eleventh Virginia from Weston to Beverly. The companies of the Eleventh Virginia at Bulltown have to join their regiment at Beverly. The companies of the Sixth Virginia now at Bulltown have to stay there until further orders.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

