
whom you will direct to report to me by letter immediately. The duty to which this officer is to be assigned will be:

First. The distribution throughout your sub-district, and as much of the surrounding country as shall be practicable, of ten thousand copies of the President's amnesty proclamation. He will accompany all scouts and expeditions sent out by yu into the enemy's lines, and will avail himself of every opportunity for giving this proclamation the greatest possible circulation among the citizens of North Carolina and the army of the Confederate States.

I shall take the first opportunity to forward to you copies of this proclamation, which you will deliver to the officer whom you shall select for this duty, and cause him to forward to me a receipt for the same when he shall report.

Second. This officer will also be charged with the duty in your sub-district enjoined upon company officers and officers commanding recruiting rendezvous or depots in General Orders, Numbers 91, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, promulgated in this district by General Ordes, Numbers 46, headquarters Army and District of North Carolina, March 31, 1864.

He will enter upon this duty at once, visiting every company commander in your command, and ascertaining as nearly as possible the number of men from each that can be transferred under this law. He will report to me daily as to his progress in this matter and concerning anything of interest relative to the distribution of the copies of amnesty proclamation and of men that may be qualified for transfer to the Navy.

I shall do myself the honor to visit you int eh course of a week or ten days, when I shall have the objects of these orders fully under way in this district.

In the mean time, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. HOLBROOK,

Lieutenant and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

ALEXANDRIA, April 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The regular patrols are in and report all quiet. The firing upon the wood train yesterday I think was by 4 of Kincheloe's men. I have sent out to-night a large party in the hopes of capturing a part of Kincheloe's. He is said to be n the pines in the neck between the Occoquan and Bull Run.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

ALEXANDRIA, April 3, 1864.

Colonel TAYLOR, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The patrols report all quiet. The party sent our last night have returned. They captured 5 guerrillas of Kincheloe's band, and 1 horse and arms; two of the captured men are named Kincheloe, not the captain.

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

