
to be traversed and on examination of your last returns. I understood the best and most accessible route was from Covington. If this is not the case I do not insist upon the route, but only upon the work to be done.

If you can increase the cavalry force to go with the expedition, do so. As the first part of the route to be traveled by this expedition is through a country that will furnish but little subsistence or forage a larger train will have to accompany it than I designed. This will be pretty well exhausted of supplies before reaching Lewisburg, where the country becomes rich, and the most of it can be returned to Beverly under an escort of, say, 800 to 1,000 men, which will have to be detached from the expedition for that purpose.

This expedition, being co-operative with movements made by other armies, cannot leave Beverly until the other armies are ready to leave also. I am now satisfied preparations cannot be made elsewhere before the 20th instant. You may understand, then, you have until the 20th instant to concentrate your forces.

It is possible the expedition with Generals Ord and Averell may have to return to you by way of the Shenandoah Valley. To provide against this contingency you should collect any available force you may have at a convenient point from which to march on Staunton to meet them. Should you find it necessary to go to Staunton, you will want to take as large a supply train as you can, to not only provide for the troops you take with you, but to feed those you go to meet. Please consult General Averell as to the most practicable routes for accomplishing the object to be attained, and advise with me by telegraph and letter of your conclusions.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 4, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,

Cumberland, Md.:

Your letter of the 2nd received. It will be early enough for troops to reach Beverly by the 15th instant. This will enable many of your absentees to return in time for the proposed move. All communications addressed to the Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, are immediately forwarded to me, when important, for my information or actio. while I am in immediate telegraphic communication there is no objection, however, to communicating with me direct in such matters as you deem necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 4, 1864--5. 30 p. m.

(Received 7. 05 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

War Department, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of to-day in regard to the movement of troops is received. I will act according to your instructions given in the telegram.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

