
and fifty-eight New York and one section of artillery, and advanced to within a short distance of Cedar Point and other points on the White Oak River, and near Peletier's Mils, ascertaining that the rebels had all fallen back to and beyond Young's Cross-Roads, and that there were none in my front. During the reconnaissance we captured 2 rebel wounded, and retook 1 of our captured horses.

The post of Beaufort was, under the direction of Lieutenant Connelly, acting aide-de-camp, put in position to repel an attack, by throwing up rifle-pits, felling trees, blockading, roads, &amp;c., but no force of the enemy appeared in that direction. The posts of Croatan and Havelock were withdrawn to New Berne, by order of General Palmer, to prevent their captured, it being impossible for them to join the forces at Newport.

Our whole loss amounts to 4 killed, 11 wounded, and 62 missing; numbers of the missing known to be wounded. The loss of the rebels must exceed our own in killed and wounded. Since the beginning of operations 7 deserters have come within our lines.

Much credit is due Lieutenant Colonel V. G. Barney, post commander at Newport, and Captain Kelley, commanding Ninth Vermont Volunteers, for the faithful manner in which they executed my orders, they only being prevented from carrying them out to the letter by the withdrawal of Lieutenant Foley from the fort at Newport village. I received the most hearty co-operation from Commander Dove, U. S. Navy, who placed at my disposal the gun-boats Nansemond, Mercedita, and Emma, the officers of which evinced the utmost cheerfulness in the execution of my requests.

My thanks are due to Captain C. H. Foster, Second North Carolina Volunteers, and Captain C. B. Newton, Second Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, and their commands, for the valuable services they rendered in completing the defenses of Morehead and the cheerful execution of all duties assigned to them.

It is with pleasure that I most respectfully recommend to the most favorable consideration of the major-general commanding, Lieutenant S. A. Ilsley, acting assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant J. C. Gerard, acting assistant quartermaster, Lieutenant T. F. King, jr., acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant H. M. Connelly, acting aide-de-camp, of my staff, for their indefatigable efforts in assisting me, both as staff and commanding officers, during the operations in my subdistrict. All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. JOURDAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major B. B. FOSTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOREHEAD, February 2, 1864.

The enemy have taken Gales' Creek and Bogue Sound block-house. I have just come from the front. I am confident in my ability to hold the Morehead line about 10 miles above Carolina City. The enemy is in strong force; the infantry is estimated about 2,200, with three pieces of artillery and a strong force of cavalry. Before the captured of the above post we repulsed them several times. * I am

---------------

* Some illegible words here follow.

---------------

