
CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 4, 1864.

(Received April 6.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

I visited Marietta, Ohio. The Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, on veteran furlough at that place, agree to the conditions we were speaking of. Their furlough is up on the 19th instant. I need at least one more infantry regiment. Will you please order it at once? I have just learned that the Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and the Twentieth Pennsylvania Volunteers are not mounted nor fully equipped yet.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, April 4, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Cumberland, MD.:

I will order the troops from Summerville to their old posts. There is a company of State troops stationed there that will serve for a corps of observation. When I advance all avenues leading here will be protected by my advancing columns. I will leave a sufficient force behind to protect my rear. I will want a depot of supplies here either to draw on or to fall back on, in case of necessity. During the summer the water becomes so low that it is difficult to get supplies here. Will you please order the remainder of the Third Virginia Cavalry here at once so I can get in shape? Will the Seventh Virginia Cavalry be ordered here? I would like another mounted regiment here in addition to those already ordered, to carry out my part of the programme.

Please hurry forward ordnance and ordnance stores for me.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF DELAWARE, Numbers 1. Wilmington, April 4, 1864.

1. In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 21, headquarters Middle Department, Eighth Army Corps, I assume command of the District of Delaware.

2. All reports and return required by existing orders and the general regulations of the Army of the United States will be made by the troops at and in the vicinity of Wilmington to Major Henry B. Judd, U. S. Army, commanding the post; by all other troops in the district, direct to the adjutant-general at these headquarters.

3. Lieutenant John Huidekoper, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is announced as aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general.

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

