
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet. Some guerrillas were seen this morning in the vicinity of our lines. A detachment of cavalry was sent in search of them, but have not yet returned.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., April 5, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: By orders of the War Department, of which I send a copy, you have been assigned to this department. You will therefore please report in person at these headquarters as soon as possible, to be assigned to the command at Harper's Ferry. You may therefore leave your horses and baggage in Washington until you return to Harper's Ferry.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, April 5, 1864.

Colonel THOBURN,

Webster or Grafton:

COLONEL: The weather being too unfavorable for movement of troops and trains, you will please stay with the troops at Grafton or Webster, or at both places, until further orders. You will have to stay probably three or four days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL.

IN THE FIELD, CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA,

April 5, 1864.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

Your letter of yesterday, inclosing copy of your letter of the 26th of January to the Secretary of War, was received this morning just as I was leaving Washington, and so short a time before leaving that I did not get to read it until my arrival here.

The plan of operations for this spring's campaign I fixed upon almost immediately on assuming command of the army, and I yet see no reason to change. It does not embrace the movements proposed in your letter to the Secretary of War. If it did, your request for the return of troops formerly belonging to the Ninth Army Corps would be immediately complied with. I may yet be able to return them to the Ninth Corps, but in can only be after they meet in the field.

The artillery for your command will be taken from the defenses of Washington, where they are now well quartered and provided for. To move them to Annapolis, from which place they would have

