
again to be moved so soon, could not compensate by any benefits to arise from it for the inconvenience of such a transfer, to say nothing of the expense it would put the Government to.

I cannot make clear to you the reasons why your requests for transfer of troops cannot be immediately granted without giving you the plan of operations which I propose, and for which most of the preparatory instructions have already gone out. When we meet I will take great pleasure communicating to you fully (as it will be me duty to do in view of the part you are expected to take) what is to be done. I wish you to get forward to Annapolis by the 20th instant all the force you can, and be in readiness to move at a day's notice with whatever force you may have at any time after that.

I have appointed Colonel Babcock an aide on my staff, but have not been able to communicate the fact to him. If you know where he is please order him to report to me.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,[April 5, 1864.]

Confidential memoranda for General Meigs: General Grant has directed General Gillmore, with about 10,000 men, to report at Fort Monroe. I understand that General Gillmore has water transportation for about 5,000, consequently he must make two trips unless vessels can be sent to him from the North. There are two colored regiments (1,800 men) at Annapolis to be sent to South Carolina, and a third will probably be ready in about a week. Can vessels be sent with these and bring back Gillmore's command? Can any vessels be sent for troops to Department of the South? Please give memoranda to Captain Scott or see me before 2 o'clock.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 5, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, who are now returned from the Department of the Gulf on furlough, was the regiment which I enlisted from my neighborhood, in my own town of Lowell, to go to the Gulf. Out of 600 they have re-enlisted 541 men, leaving only about 200 recruits in New Orleans who could not re-enlist. It would be very pleasant for me to have that regiment.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 5, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 28th ultimo, requesting that Colonel

