
afraid they will be captured. I have move my sick to Morehead from Newport. I will use everything available to repulse them. I am moving all my little force, even convalescents, to the front. I am confident of success.

J. JOURDAN.

General PALMER.

Numbers 9. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Valentine G. Barney, Ninth Vermont Infantry.

MOREHEAD CITY, N. C., February 5, 1864.

SIR: I have to report that on the morning of the 2nd February, 1864 the enemy, about 1,700 strong, made an advance on our position at Newport Barracks, first attacking our outposts at Gales' Creek and Bogue Sound block-house, where Companies H and B were stationed, and then our force at the barracks. Our force there was small, and was composed nearly of the new recruits you lately sent us, who had received their arms the same morning. Our men fought finely, and although opposed by four times their number, held the position until nearly dark, when we were obliged to fall back across the bridges and burn them to prevent capture. We then fell back by way of Beaufort to this place.

About 75 of our men are now missing, but we expect that nearly half the number will turn up soon, having been cut off from the main body. It is impossible to give you now anything like a correct list of our missing. Lieutenant Bolton, Company C, is wounded through the shoulder (not dangerous); Lieutenant Holman, Company G, is missing (probably captured). I will send you a list in a day or two of all missing men. Captain Kelley, Company B, was in command of the regiment. I commanded the post, Colonel Ripley being absent at the time.

The Twenty-first Connecticut Regiment have just arrived; also Colonel Ripley, and we intend an advance to-day to our old post. I write you in great haste.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. G. BARNEY,

Lieutenant- Colonel, Commanding Ninth Vermont.

P. T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector General of Vermont.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH VERMONT VOLUNTEERS,Newport Barracks, N. C., February 12, 1864.

SIR: I inclose a list* of the killed, wounded and missing of this regiment in the late engagement at this place. In my report of last week I gave the account as near as possible at that time. Since then we have been almost constantly on the move and perfectly unsettled. This is the first opportunity I have had to furnish you with

---------------

* Official records show 3 men killed, 1 officer and 12 men wounded, and 1 officer and 50 men missing.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XXXIII

