
been informed by a colored man that some of Mosby's men had crossed and recrossed the river at that place during the winter. I requested the division officer of the day to make a personal examination, and make such disposition as would prevent any passing.

ELIJAH WALKER,

Colonel and Corps Officer of the Day.

Extract from report of Lieutenant Colonel R. E. Winslow, Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, division officer of the day, Third Division, Second Corps, for April 4 to 5, 1864:

The left of the picket-line, in my opinion, requires strengthening or a more complete connection made with the corps on that part of our line. The gap is considerable between the two corps, being at least 1 mile.

R. E. WINSOLOW,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Division Officer of the Day.

The picket-line along the Rappahannock from Kelly's Ford up to Wheatley's Dam and Ford, Directed to be established by the commander of the Second Corps, from orders and through Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff, Army of the Potomac, was perfected and two picket-posts in addition established about the dam. These extracts refer to the space yet existing higher up the river.

Respectfully forwarded.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 6, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Cumberland, Md.:

If the enemy move against any part of your line, as your information would indicate they intended, the concentration you are making would enable you to meet them successfully. Of course you would in such a case take such a force as you deemed necessary, regardless of any expedition ordered from here when no advance of the enemy was contemplated. Your forces would be accomplishing at home the greatest advantage expected of them by moving south, if the enemy do attack you in force-that is, they would divide him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 6, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your letter of 4th April is received, through Major-General Ord; also your telegram of to-day. I have no information of important movements of the enemy, and everything is going on well. With regard to movement of our troops I will send report in writing, with some suggestions I think necessary. I made application to the Adjutant-General to have the regiment of heavy artillery now at Baltimore transferred to this department to occupy Harper's Ferry, at least temporarily, so that more infantry from there can be made availabel for the field. I also requested the Governor of [West] Virginia to call out part of the State militia to take care of the railroad, and will report the result.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

