
CUMBERLAND, MD., April 6, 1864.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

Having received instructions from Army Headquarters which make the withdrawal of infantry from Harper's Ferry a necessity, I respectfully request that the regiment of heavy artillery now at Baltimore shall be sent to Harper's Ferry to garrison the forts and place.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 68. Cumberland, Md., April 6, 1864.

* * * * *

VII. Major General E. O. C. Ord, having been assigned to this department for duty by orders of the lieutenant-general commanding Armies of the United States, will proceed to Grafton, Webster, and Beverly, W. Va., as soon as practicable and assume command of the troops assembled at those points, and make such arrangements as are in accordance with instructions and orders from these headquarters. Commanders of regiments and battalions now at the points herein indicated, and of such other troops as may hereafter be assigned to him, will obey and respect his orders and instructions.

* * * * *

IX. Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the division of infantry now being assembled at Webster, Grafton, and Clarksburg, W. Va., including the regiments stationed at Beverly, W. Va., commanded by Colonel A. Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio.

* * * * *

XI. The organization of the Second Division of this department having been dissolved by large transfers to another command, the infantry and artillery remaining will be organized forthwith into a separate brigade, to be known as the Second Separate Brigade of this department.

The Second Regiment, Potomac Home Brigade, will be comprised, until further orders, in this brigade, and will remain at its present station. Colonel J. A. Mulligan, Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, is assigned to the command.

By order of Major General F. Sigel:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 6, 1864.

Colonel THOBURN,

Grafton or Webster:

Let me know immediately by telegraph how things are getting along. The troops must be quartered and sheltered as good as possible. They will stay where they are now for some time, to be well prepared for the field. Please report to General Sullivan, who will take command of the division to which your brigade belongs. He

