
has left to-day for Grafton and Webster. Inform me immediately where the troops all are, and whether you have sent a regiment in advance.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 152. Washington, April 6, 1864.

The Department of the Monongahela will be annexed to the Department of the Susquehanna, and discontinued as a separate department.

Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks will repair to Fort Monroe, and report to the commanding general for duty in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 6, 1864.

(Received 1. 30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Can spare a thousand tons coal, and have ordered it sail as soon as weather will possibly admit. Can spare more which is afloat. Have given Perit eleven days' supply of coal and thirteen of water. Will give Salvor eight days' coal and twelve of water. Propeller Montauk has broken valve-crank. Hope she will be ready to-morrow evening. Spaulding not yet arrived. Will give her orders as soon as she comes in.

HERMAN BIGGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Quartermaster.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 7, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Lieutenant-General Grant has asked for two more iron-clads to be sent to Hampton Roads within ten days. The iron-clad batteries Onondaga and Tecumseh have been directed to leave New York on Monday or Tuesday next.

The Tecumseh has no crew, but by taking out from all other vessels the few hands on board of each I believe she will not be detained beyond the time indicated by the lieutenant-general.

This department has not been informed of the duty expected of these iron-clads, or whether additional naval force is required, which would be the case in the event of an army being sent as far as City Point. Public rumor points to a movement of this kind, which cannot be successful unless a co-operating naval force is kept in James River. Twice the number of steamers required have been ready for two months, excepting the crews. I bring this subject again to your notice because the legislation of Congress has placed in your hands

