HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1864-9. 05 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. B. COMSTOCK:

At last accounts there was no force of the enemy at Fredericksburg nearer than Hamilton's Crossing, where there was said to be a brigade of Hampton's cavalry division. This command patrolled the lower fords of the Rappahannock and Rapidan. I have scouts out expected in to-night or to-morrow from that direction, who will bring in later intelligence.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 7, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 9. 20 a. m., 8th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Please order a regiment of heavy artillery from Baltimore, Md., to Harper's Ferry, Va., to garrison the latter place.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 154. Washington, April 7, 1864.

Brigadier General James H. Wilson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved as chief of the Cavalry Bureau of the War Department, and will report to Lieutenant-General Grant for assignment to duty.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 17. April 7, 1864.

I. In view of the near approach of the time when this army may be expected to resume active operations, corps and other independent commanders will cause the public and private property for which transportation is not authorized by existing orders to be sent to the rear with as little delay as practicable.

Store-houses are provided in Alexandria, under the charge of Captain J. G. C. Lee, assistant quartermaster, for the storage of all legitimate surplus or extra private and public property, such as officers' trunks and boxes and regimental property that will not be transported in wagons on a march. Officers will be restricted to a moderate allowance of bedding and mess articles, and to a valise or carpet-bag for extra clothing. All property sent to the rear must be plainly marked, stating whether private or public, name of owner, corps, division, brigade, regiment, company, and contents. It will be turned over to the nearest depot quartermaster, who will give transportation receipts for the same to Alexandria; when it reaches the latter place, a store-house receipt will be forwarded to the owner or responsible officer, who will thus be enabled to withdraw it at the proper time without the necessity of visiting the depots in person. Office wagons

