
APRIL 7, 1864.

Colonel WAINWRIGHT,

Chief of Artillery, Fifth Corps, Culpeper:

You can get a section of light 12-pounders from Eakin's or Fitzgugh's batteries. Please complete your batteries as soon as possible, also your trains, and send the remainders to the Artillery Reserve, which cannot be organized until the corps brigade are completed.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 7, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER,

415 H Street, Washington:

Report here immediately without horses and baggage.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd A. C., Numbers 23. April 7, 1864.

I. The general commanding has learned, with surprise and regret, that there is a disinclination on the part of farmers in the vicinity of the city to cultivate their gardens and farms, based on an apprehension that their fences be torn down and their crops destroyed by soldiers near them.

It is hoped and believed that no good reason exists for suspicion so injurious to the reputation of the troops of this department, and the general commanding desires it to be understood by all that his best efforts, and h]e believes those of his entire command, will be exerted to the utmost to remove so unworthy an imputation upon their good names.

All officers are required to give immediate attention to this matter, and see that their men understand that it is their duty rather to protect citizens and their property than to injure them, and that they should aim to make themselves and their profession objects of pride and reliance to their fellow-citizens.

Commanding officers of forts and camps will be held responsible for all damage done to private property by their commands.

II. Any person who may suffer any injury to himself and property is desired to make his complaint to the commanding officer of the nearest post or camp, who is hereby required to make a full investigation and report upon the matter, and forward it to these headquarters, and any neglect or refusal or unnecessary delaying to do this will be treated as disobedience of orders.

All provost-marshals are required to report all cases of depredations coming to their knowledge, with the attending circumstances.

III. No order will be given by any officer commanding a fort or camp north of the Potomac to close any resident's house or place of business, or to remove or destroy any of his property, without first reporting the case to these headquarters for action. This does not apply to non-resident persons doing business by special permission.

IV. This order will be read to every company in the department.

By command of Major General C. C. Augur:

C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

