
any additional accounts, and they will vary somewhat from my first.

The enemy, who advanced upon us at this place, were about 2,500 strong, accompanied by fourteen pieces of artillery and 400 cavalry. They came with the expectation of capturing the whole regiment, and felt very much disappointed at the result and admitted their expedition a failure. You will see by my list that many of our men are missing. It is supposed that the most of them are prisoners. They were mostly new recruits, and on being cut off from the rest and unacquainted with the country were as apt to run into the enemy's lines as ours.

On our return to this place our dead were found on the field where they fell. Their clothing and everything valuable had been taken off from them. It is possible that more dead may be found through the woods and swamp, where much fighting was done. The enemy lost in killed and wounded much more heavily then we did. One captain and 2 lieutenants were killed; also 15 of their men, and as many as 30 wounded.

We are again at our old post. Our men are in good spirits. They have been since the fight without blankets, and many without overcoats. The weather, though, has been very pleasant, and they have not suffered very severely. We got the A tents to-day; also clothing. The last lot of recruits, 70, in number, arrived here on the 10th instant. They found rather a dubious-looking camp, but fell in good spirits, and seem to enjoy the bivouac and hard bread finely.

I am assured that the Ninth Vermont has done itself great credit in the late engagement.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. G. BARNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninth Vermont.

P. T. WASHBURN,

Adjutant and Inspector Genera of Vermont.

Numbers 10. Reports of Major General William H. C. Whitting, C. S. Army, commanding at Wilmington, N. C.

FEBRUARY 4, 1864.

On the 2nd instant General Martin, with the Seventeenth and Forty-second North Carolina troops and Colonel Jackson's command from Kenansville, broke the railroad at Sheppardville, driving the enemy from their works at Newport Barracks and across Newport River.

Dispatch is dated Newport Barracks. Have not heard a word from Kinston.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

General COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF CAPE FEAR,Wilmington, February 4, 1864.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I inclose the only dispatch* or information I have received of Pickett's movements. They came from Richmond, the main line from Goldsborough being down. I got your dispatches

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

