
notice of your intended movements? The Secretary of War has stopped it till we learn whether it has your sanction. Regiment of heavy artillery ordered to Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, April 8, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

General Burnside has just returned from New York, where he received your dispatch. I have directed him to go to Annapolis to execute your orders. The Secretary of War suggests that no more of your plans be communicated to General Burnside than may be necessary. Please remember that General Meigs will require some days' notice if he is to supply more transportation than he has on hand.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

April 8, 1864-3. 30 p. m. (Received 4. 15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

My letter to General Burnside gives no plan, but simply requires him to be ready to move any time he may be notified after the 20th instant with whatever force he may have. I will not want more transportation than you notified me the quartermaster could spare from Washington. A few ferries may be required to take up the James River. The order for publication for the removal of sutlers was without my knowledge and has not my approval.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

April 8, 1864-8. 30 p. m. (Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

It is the intention to operate up the James River as far as City Point, and all the co-operation the Navy can give we want. Two of the iron-clads are wanted as soon as they can be got. You will know how to communicate our wants to the Secretary of the Navy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Copy given to Assistant Secretary Fox, April 9, 1864.

H. W. H.

CULPEPER, VA., April 8, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Special Order 135 transfers Battery C, First Rhode Island Artillery, to General Burnside. This is one of the batteries retained in

