
the Army of the Potomac in the reorganization, and unless there is the necessity for it ought not to be transferred. There is no necessary at all events for sending it back to Washington, even if it is transferred to General Burnside. Burnside will not require transports to move his command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPT.,April 8,* 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following reports have just been received and are respectfully forwarded:

PONY MOUNTAIN SIGNAL STATION,

April 8, 1864-5. 30 p. m.

Captain NORTON:

Two regiments of infantry, with wagons, went into bivouac this p. m. on the main road between Raccoon and Morton's Fords. Two new camps discovered of about one regiment each on the right and about 1 mile in rear of Raccoon Ford. The enemy have completed their work between Raccoon and Somerville Fords. It has eight embrasures, but no guns as yet. All quiet.

PAINE,

Signal Officer.

Watery, Stony, and Garnett's Mountain stations report "all quiet and no change in the view from their respective localities. "

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 8, 1864.

The commanding general deems it of great importance that General Orders, Numbers 17, of yesterday's date, from these headquarters, should not reach the public press, and he directs that you give such instructions to your command as may seem to you best calculated to prevent the publication of the order in the newspapers.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To corps commanders.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 8, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK, Commanding Second Corps:

SIR: Referring to paragraph 1 of General Orders, Numbers 17, of the 7th instant, from these headquarters, I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that it is not his intention to remove the troops from their present positions, in advance of a general movement, unless he shall find that the provisions of that paragraph are not being promptly complied with.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Date uncertain; see Paine to Norton, April 9, 5. 25 p. m.,p. 829.

---------------

