
STONY MOUNTAIN, April 8, 1864-10 a. m.

General HANCOCK and

Captain NORTON:

All quiet. Enemy still working behind Somerville Ford. He is, this a. m., extending intrenchments down the entire slope of the heights.

TAYLOR.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 8, 1864.

(Received 3. 35 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies, Culpeper:

I had an interview with Generals Ord and Averell last night. All preparations are going on according to your wishes expressed in your letter of the 4th instant. I will send written report this evening to Washington, to be forwarded to you.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 8, 1864.

(Received 12. 30 p. m.)

Major T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The total number of enlistments to date is 7,892.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Webster:

I have given the necessary directions in regard to the quartermaster and commissary to be assigned to you.

The troops now assembled at Webster, Grafton, and Beverly will remain on the defensive, but must be prepared to move at short notice. No change in their position at Grafton, Webster, and Beverly should, therefore, be made, as there are indications of enemy's movements against our line between Cumberland and Harper's Ferry. It is necessary to draw a strict line of outposts before Webster and Grafton, and in front of this line. Send, therefore, four companies of infantry to Philippi, with six days' rations, and four companies to Weston, also with six days' rations. The troops have to march immediately, and have to throw out their pickets and prevent any persons not belonging to the army to pass their lines to the south. All such persons coming north must be stopped or sent to your headquarters to be examined, and retained or disposed of as you think proper.

Captain Moore, now at Grafton or Webster, shall take care of the ammunition. I will probably send his battery to you instead of that of Lieutenant Du Pont.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

