
him from my staff, as he is familiar with all the work in progress and in contemplation, and is a disbursing officer. I believe that the interests of the service require a regular engineer officer to take his place.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 13. Cumberland, Md., April 9, 1864.

I. Commanders of divisions and separate brigades within this department will send to these headquarters, at least once each day, a telegraphic report stating whether any, and, if any, what information has been received in regard to the enemy, and whether any, and, if any, what changes have been made in the position of their troops.

II. The following officers are announced as assigned to staff duty at these headquarters:

Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Starr, Ninth West Virginia Infantry, acting provost-marshal-general of the department.

Major J. C. Campbell, judge-advocate.

Captain P. G. Bier, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain John Carlin, First West Virginia Artillery, chief of artillery and acting chief of ordnance.

Captain F. E. Town, Signal Corps, chief signal officer.

Captain Thomas G. Putnam, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, and Captain R. Adams, jr., Twenty-third Illinois Infantry, aides-de-camp.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 72. Cumberland, Md., April 9, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The division commanded by Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan, U. S. Volunteers, hereby designated as the First Infantry Division of this department, will be organized as follows:

Colonel A. Moor, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry, at Beverly, will organize the following regiments into a provisional brigade, to be known as the First: Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry, Tenth West Virginia Infantry, Eleventh West Virginia Infantry, Third Pennsylvania Reserves, Fourth Pennsylvania Reserves.

Colonel J. Thoburn, First West Virginia Infantry, will take command of and form into a provisional brigade, to be known as the Second, the following regiments: First West Virginia Infantry, Twelfth West Virginia Infantry, Fourteenth West Virginia Infantry, Fifteenth West Virginia Infantry.

The commanders of these brigades will make requisitions for staff officer to these headquarters, so that those regularly appointed may be assigned to them. Meanwhile they will detail from their commands respectively such officers as may be found competent to discharge the duties of staff officers.

In accordance with the foregoing, the two regiments under the command of Colonel A. Moor are hereby detached from the Cavalry

