
and Putnam Counties, in pursuit of a party of rebels reported to be in that vicinity. They will be provided with three days' rations and forage. They will be ready and will report at division headquarters at 5 a. m. to-morrow. The captain commanding will immediately report to these headquarters for instructions.

By order of Brigadier General A. N. Duffie:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., April 9, 1864.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

Dispatch received. Have given necessary orders. Go north tonight to hurry up new regiments. Will be here Thursday, or earlier if you desire. A telegram sent here will follow me promptly.

A. E. BURNSIDE.

FLAG-SHIP NORTH ATLANTIC BLOCKADING SQUADRON,

Off Newport News, Va., April 9, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: The vicinity of Smithfield and Chuckatuck are known to be infested by guerrillas, who are reported to have boats concealed up those creeks and their tributaries. You are aware that the rebels have an organized system of boat expeditions all along the coast, operating at one time from creeks in Mathews and Gloucester Counties against the Eastern Shore counties, Cape Charles light-house, &amp;c. ; at another time against the gun-boat Underwriter at New Berne, and now against this ship here. In all these cases they harbor in the vicinity of their operations. This was explained by your prisoner, Acting Master Webb, of the rebel Navy, captured while thus engaged in the Neck counties near Yorktown, where, as in the vicinity of Smithfield, &c., the small creeks are numerous and not accessible to our gun-boats. It is believed that the little torpedo-boat which struck this vessel last night, happily without accomplishing its object, came out of Pagan and Chuckatuck Creeks or their tributaries. I respectfully suggest that you send at once a sufficient force to capture these rebels and destroy their boats on the upper creeks and to co-operate with a naval force to prevent their escape by the river, which I will send as soon as you are ready.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding N. A. B. Squadron.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, April 10, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain NORTON:

No change in enemy's camps. Rapidan and Robertson Rivers very high. Half of railroad bridge on this side gone.

FULLER,

Lieutenant.

