
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet. The scouting party of 50 men sent out from Vienna yesterday have returned, bringing with them 9 prisoners, 3 whom are citizens and the remainder rebel soldiers, 8 horses and 5 horse equipments. They were unable to find Mark Roderick, referred to in your telegram. Another attempt will be made to cause his arrest at an early date. Notices were left at the houses of Messrs. Carver and Gardner, which they will probably receive in a few days. No mail has reached these headquarters to-day. It is that some bridges between Alexandria and Fairfax Station have been carried away by the storms of yesterday.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 10, 1864.

(Received 12 midnight.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper:

Your dispatch in regard to Lieutenant Meigs received. He is just now in Baltimore to make arrangements for some engineer work, but is expected to be back to-morrow. I will send him to you at such time as you want him to report. I will make application for another engineer officer, as there is no officer here whom I can detail. I have sent written report and map to Washington on the evening of the 9th instant. I could not telegraph sooner because the wires were down.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, April 10, 1864.

(Received Cumberland, 4. 05 p. m.)

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding:

The skirmish at Winchester was between two companies of rebels and 150 men of the Sixth and Seventh Virginia and Fourteenth Pennsylvania, under Major Hunter. The enemy was first driven out of the town a mile, when the attack was abandoned by Major Hunter and our men brought back to this side of the town, where the criminal carelessness of the commander exposed them to an attack which was a surprise. The enemy was pursued yesterday across Cedar Creek, but the sudden rise from the recent heavy rain made it impracticable to go farther after them. Major Hunter lost 27 men prisoners. Will send full report to-morrow. Major Hunter has been arrested.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

