
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. New York, April 10, 1864.

The following badge is announced as the badge of the Ninth Army Corps:

A shield with the figure 9 in the center, crossed with a foul anchor and cannon, to be worn on the top of the cap or front of the hat.

The First Division to be of red, with gilt anchor, cannon, and number.

The Second Division to be of white, with gilt anchor, cannon, and number.

The Third Division to be of blue, with gilt anchor, cannon, and number.

The Fourth Division to be of green, with gilt anchor, cannon, and number.

Corps headquarters of red, white, and blue, with gilt anchor, cannon, and green number.

Those who desire can also wear a medal of the same design, made of gold or gilt, silver or white metal, bronze or copper, to be attached to the left breast of the coat as a pin or suspended by a red, white, and blue ribbon. The disigns for this badge are now in the hands of Messrs. Tiffany &amp; Co., New York, and samples will be at headquarters about the 27th.

By command of Major General A. E. Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. 18TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,Fort Monroe, April 10, 1864.

Rear-Admiral S. P. LEE,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have your note in relation to the pirates of the creeks and inlets of the James River and the means of destroying them, and am desirous of co-operating with you in that object. I have therefore sent General Graham, who is charged with the duty of making all such disposition as you may judge necessary after conference with him, for the purpose indicated.

Very respectfully, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 10, 1864.

Major General JOHN J. PECK,

Commanding Dist. of North Carolina, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to instruct you to send the following batteries to this point, viz: Batteries K and E, Third New York Artillery. I am further instructed to direct you to use the first available transportation in sending the Third New York Cavalry to this point, and any surplus transportation will be used in forwarding the batteries. The commanding general directs that the utmost endeavors be used in expediting this movement,

