
CUMBERLAND, April 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL:

The guerrillas that attacked our infantry last night have been driven back and some prisoners taken. They have separated into two parties, one party going toward Romney, the other toward North River Mills. Please send your party mentioned in my telegram of this p. m. to North River to intercept them or drive them entirely out of that part of the country. I will send after those at Romney.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Commanding Division, Martinsburg:

We must be very careful and act promptly. We had several skirmishes between here and Sir John's Run within the last twenty-four hours, and I fear that a rebel band will come in at Sir John's Run to-night. I can send no infantry of any amount there.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

WATER STATION, April 11, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant W. H. ROSE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two men wounded-Wesby and Roney, Company K. Patrol was attacked at Michael's Gap, 2 1/2 miles above mouth of Cacapon, by about 30 men, 20 minutes before express passed from west. Pickets from Paw Paw were driven in 11 o'clock by about 20 men, as reported by pickets. Everything quiet this morning; but 1 rebel seen since daylight. Doctor Hunter has gone to Cacapon, wounded severely both in groin and left side.

E. D. YUTZY.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 11, 1864-12. 30 a. m.

(Received 2 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies, Culpeper:

The following dispatch from Brigadier-General Crook, Charleston, has been received:

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 10, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL:

I want another infantry regiment here in order to carry out my part of the programme. General Grant promised me conditionally the Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, now on furlough at Marietta, Ohio. The conditions referred to will be complied with. Will you please ask General Grant for this regiment direct? Their furlough is out on the 19th instant. They have their arms with them.

CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

