
CUMBERLAND, MD., April 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General CROOK, Charleston, Kanawha:

Lieutenant-General Grant answers that he has ordered the Thirty-sixth Ohio to report to you. In regard to the Eighth Ohio Cavalry, I do not know where it is now and have asked for information at the War Department. General Stahel is directed to do everything in his power to have your cavalry regiment mounted at once. Communicate with him in all that relates to cavalry forces.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 11, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I am much embarrassed with the movements of the French vessels, about getting their tobacco from Richmond. Allowing two vessels of war and sundry merchant ships to go up and down the James River for the next thirty days will as effectually inform the rebels of our movements as if I officially reported them to Seddon. Shall they go on?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

NEWPORT NEWS, April 11, 1864.

(Received 11. 30 p. m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

Captain De Marivault, of the French man-of-war Tisiphone, called on me this morning. The French man-of-war. Grenade and one transport are also in the roads. Captain De Marivault expects another transport in a few days. He will be ready to go up James River with one transport day after to-morrow. He asks if he is at liberty to pass up when he is ready, and I have replied that he can go at the time he mentioned. He thinks that no report to me is necessary of the quantity of tobacco moved, but would have no objection to making it. I supposed this to be called for by the convention, but would not accept it, as at present advised. Please instruct me if this movement of tobacco is to go on now, and if any report is required of quantity moved. Each transport is to be towed by a French man-of-war. General Butler informed me the other day that he would telegraph the War Department as to this movement of tobacco at this time, to which he said he had no objection. Please reply by telegraph.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

STONY MOUNTAIN, April 12, 1864-5 p. m.

General HANCOCK and

Captain NORTON:

All quiet. I see a party of rebel infantrymen playing ball on field near Tobaccostick Ford, indicating infantry pickets at that point. Have seen no infantry before below Stringfellow's Ford.

TAYLOR.

