
sent either to Harper's Ferry, Cumberland, or Charleston, and turned over to the proper officer.

After the promulgation of this order, persons not belonging to any of the classes herein mentioned found keeping, concealing, or bearing arms will be arrested and tried by military commission.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 15. Cumberland, Md., April 12, 1864.

The First Cavalry Division of this department, under command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell, will be composed of the following regiments, to be brigaded as the commanding officer of the division may deem proper: First New York Cavalry, First New York Veteran Cavalry, Twenty-first New York Cavalry, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, First West Virginia Cavalry, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry.

All communications, reports, and returns from this division will be sent direct to Major General J. Stahel, chief of cavalry of the department.

Commanding officers of the remaining cavalry organization within the department, except the cavalry attached to the command of Brigadier General George Crook, will report in writing, without delay, to Major General J. Stahel, chief of cavalry, for instructions and orders, but will remain meanwhile in communication with the commanding officers of the organization to which they are at present attached, and will draw their supplies from them.

Brigadier General George Crook will furnish such reports and returns in relation to the cavalry of his command as the chief of cavalry of the department may at times require.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., April 12, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

I have received a report from the provost-marshal at Point of Rocks that Mosby, with 400 men, is there impressing horses, teams, and corn in and about Hamilton, Loudoun County, and taking them to Upperville; also that a squad of 20 rebels were at Waterford yesterday evening. I sent word back that for want of cavalry I could render no aid. If I send infantry Mosby would retire without loss and return as soon as they left.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

Your dispatch received. You have not cavalry enough to take care of Loudoun County, and your infantry cannot be sent away from

