HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., April [12], 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH THOBURN,

Commanding at Webster:

COLONEL: As soon as a regiment arrives at Webster you will please take a memorandum of its officers and men present, and after the most necessary preparations start it for Beverly. Every regiment must be provided with 20 picks, 20 spades, and 40 axes. The soldiers will only be allowed one suit of clothes. They will take their overcoats, blankets, shelter-tents, one extra pair of shoes, and their knapsack, with one suit underclothing. They will carry two days' cooked rations in their haversacks and three days' short rations in their knapsacks. They will also have 40 rounds ammunition in their cartridge-boxes and 20 in their knapsacks, i. e., 60 per man. The following transportation will be allowed: One wagon to field and staff, one to line officers, one to each 100 men. It is necessary that the instructions from the chief quartermaster of this department are strictly complied with and that there will be no interference in regard to his arrangements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 12, 1864-2. 10 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

You will receive instructions to-day from Lieutenant-General Grant in respect to the French vessels mentioned in your telegram received last night and referred to General Grant.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, April 12, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Honorable F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State:

I have telegraphed General Butler, at Fort Monroe, to say to French officers that I authorize and request delay for consultation by me with Mr. Geoffrey to-morrow about tobacco. Tell Mr. Geoffrey this or not, as you find expedient. I shall see him to-morrow.

WH. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

WASHINGTON CITY, April 12, 1864-3. 30 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Your dispatch of the 11th instant to the Secretary of War in relation to the shipment of tobacco by the French Government has been referred to me for my orders. The agreement made by the Secretary of State (copy of which you have) will have to be carried out. But

54 R R-VOL XXXIII

