
make no agreement to extend the time for so doing beyond the 23rd instant, at which time the agreement expires by limitation, unless directed to do so by the President or Secretary of War.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 12, 1864.

(Received 6. 30 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Army:

Don't think me importunate, but for the good of the service can you not send me Brigadier General J. H. Wilson, now of the Cavalry Bureau, as chief of cavalry, to lead our expedition?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, April 12, 1864-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

General Burnham is ordered to report to you. General Brooks will be there also. Williams has not the rank for the command you suggest. It will be impracticable to give you either Neil or Hazen. If possible to give you a cavalry commander I will accommodate you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,[April 12, 1864.]

Instructions to Brigadier General C. K. Graham:

First. Six hundred to be concentrated as soon as possible (to be unseen by the enemy) to the Nansemond to-morrow, to march at 12 midnight to the Holloway's Point ferry, cross the river, and march to the first road leading to the right. At this point 200 remain with pickets thrown out in all directions till daylight. The remaining 400 march slowly and cautiously on to arrive at Cherry Grove on the Chuckatuck before daylight, taking up a strong position near the boat landing, to cover the landing of other troops there, throwing pickets well to the front, and occupying all the houses to prevent information being taken to the enemy. On the arrival of General Graham at Cherry Grove the commanding officer will report to him for further orders. At daylight the first-mentioned 200 divides, 100 moving down to the point, making a close examination of the country between the Chuckatuck and Nansemond, arresting all males found and destroying all small boats. After this is done the party will return to the Nansemond and recross to their camp, if no further orders are received. The other 100 of this force will move down to the western branch by the first road to the left, examine the creek as far up as possible and remain on the creak until the navy cutters have passed up and back, when they will return to the crossing of the Nansemond and remain there until joined by the first 100.

Second. A force of 1,500 infantry and four pieces of artillery will report to you in Portsmouth at sunset to-night, of which you will

