
make the following disposition, viz: Seven hundred men and the artillery conveyed by army gun-boats will proceed up the Chuckatuck Creek, to land at Cherry Grove at or just before daylight, and will march as expeditiously as possible toward Smithfield, sending small scouting parties on the different roads to the right to thoroughly scour the country to the James River; 400 men, under cover of the army and navy gun-boats, will land in Burwell's Bay, capture the signal station at Day's Point, and march to Smithfield, which place they will hold during the day with pickets well thrown out. At 6 o'clock a. m. 400 men under convoy of an army gun-boat will enter Pagan Creek, proceed to Smithfield, land there and take up the march for Benn's Church, continuing on the road to Cherry Grove until they meet the force from Chuckatuck Creek, when they will return to Smithfield, where all the forces will be embarked and return to Portsmouth. Care must be taken that no collision takes place from the meeting of these forces on the Cherry Grove road, and that the transports remain in the Chuckatuck long enough to offer any assistance e should the party be driven back to the creek. General Graham will use his discretion about taking the 400 men that march to Cherry Grove to Smithfield, or leave them to cover the transports in the creek, and send the detachment back from Chuckatuck. The quartermaster will provide the transportation. A navy gun-boat will be stationed in the Nansemond, and also one near the mouth of Pagan Creek and two in Burwell's Bay to cover the landings and remain till the expedition is over. General Graham will understand the object of the expedition is to capture all small parties of rebel soldiery, all guerrillas, the destruction of all the boats found in the waters that are examined, and the capture of all property that may be valuable to the United States Government.

By command of Major-General Butler:

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Monroe, Va., April 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General HECKMAN,

Near Portsmouth, Va.:

You had better have your troops move on Suffolk early in the morning. Admiral Lee has been requested to send gun-boat up Nansemond to co-operate with you at daylight in the morning.

J. W. SHAFFER.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 10. In Field, Culpeper C. H., Va., April 13, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. H. Wilson, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, for duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

