HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,Camp near Brandy Station, Va., April 13, 1864.

General SETH WILLIAMS,

Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith the submit a memorandum, for the consideration of the general commanding, on the subject of land transportation, in order to bring about a further modification of orders Numbers 100, of last November, the 5th. *

In the memorandum I have assumed that each infantry corps has 33,000 men and the cavalry 15,000. The proposed supply trains are based on that assumption. I have supposed that about eight and one-half wagons to every 1,000 men will carry ten days' subsistence of short rations and ten days' grain for the team animals.

If 100 rounds of small-arm ammunition per man must be carried in wagons it will require five for every 1,000 men. The wagons for this purpose and for carrying the additional three days' subsistence can be obtained by restricting each regiment of infantry and cavalry to two wagons for baggage, mess stores, &amp;c. The batteries then should be limited to one for same purposes.

The Cavalry Corps has not the means at present of transporting more than two days' supply of forage for the horses on a campaign. It is the intention to load the deport train with forage, medical stores, now on hand be assigned as indicated in the memorandum. No additional ones need be asked for.

I would also recommend that for a short campaign no extra clothing or overcoats be carried by the men on their persons; that they carry blankets, five days' rations in the knapsack and three in the haversack. Some extra shoes, underclothing, and overcoats should be carried in the trains. All other property not immediately needed should be sent to the rear.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

NOTE. -Some of the troops in this army have unauthorized camp equipage; many of the cavalry, for instance, have Sibley tents. I would request that they be ordered to comply promptly with General Orders, Numbers 100, of November 5, 1863.

R INGALLS,

Brigadier General, Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 14, 1864.

I will have a conversation with the lieutenant-general commanding before modifying existing orders, as above recommended. The orders to turn in superfluous and unauthorized camp equipage have been issued.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XXIX, Part II, p. 420.

---------------

