
GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, April 13, 1864.

Captain NORTON:

Enemy more active to-day. Have thrown up new redoubts. Are strengthening works opposite railroad bridge; also but drills.

FULLER.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,April 13, 1864.

Captain E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

The bridge about 2 miles from Castle Mountain Mills is impassable. Jenkins' Ford, just below the bridge, is very deep and dangerous, especially at night. The forest at Castle Mills is impassable. Sycamore Ford, 2 miles above the mills, can be crossed with some difficulty. There would be no success in starting just now.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY OUTPOST,Grove Church, April 13, 1864.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Div., Cav. Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that we have this day charged into the old knot-hold of a town, Falmouth. The people on the other side of the river paid us their usual compliments. No damage done. We could learn of but 2 soldiers as having been over from the other side since last week; one of these we chased into the town. From the best information we can get to-day, there is but a small body of troops in Fredericksburg. Hampton is said to be at Hamilton's Crossing, but with no very large force. The result of work here thus far shows but a small force of the enemy on this side the river, hunting principally in couples, sometimes in gangs of six or a dozen, skulking about the pines in the day, sometimes at the houses of citizens at night, and never at the same place two nights in succession. Deserters from both armies, sometimes a citizen, and occasional scouts make up the material of this force. I learn that a small party of the Tenth New York Regiment were fired on by bushwhackers this afternoon between this and Morrisville; two fo the villains have shown themselves in the vicinity of our camp to-day. We have hunted these fellows on horseback and on foot, in highways and byways, by day and by night, and while we hear various reports from citizens, our conclusion is that all the bushwhackers and scouts that are on this side the river are not worth the powder and shot that it is taking to blow them up. It is through these people that are drawing commissary stores that the principal information of importance to the enemy is communicated to scouts and through them to the people over the river. Quit issuing commissary stores to rebels; let and the enemy's scouts in the rear of General Meade's army will become comparatively harmless.

Respectfully submitted.

R. F. JUDSON,

Captain, Commanding Outpost.

