
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 13, 1864-9. 55 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

I have the honor to report all quiet in my command during the past twenty-four hours. Reports of small parties of rebels having been heard from in the neighborhood of Dranesville, dismounted scouting party, consisting of 25 men, was sent out this p. m. from Vienna to search the country in that vicinity.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ANNAPOLIS, April 13, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 10. 50 a. m.)

Major-General SIGEL, Cumberland, Md.:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received, and is satisfactory. A movement up the Shenandoah Valley, if necessary to make it, will not require much more than an escort for the wagon train. I have directed a regiment of heavy artillery to be sent to you from Baltimore, which I do not see enters into your calculation of forces. In addition to this I may in case of an urgent necessity be able to send you, say, four more regiments of infantry from Washington, when the time for moving arrives.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 13, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies, Annapolis:

Your dispatch of to-day is received. The arrival of the regiment of heavy artillery at Harper's Ferry was reported to me yesterday.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN, Webster:

The general commanding has received your telegrams in regard to transportation and the condition of the camping-ground at Webster; also a letter addressed to Major-General Ord, in regard to Organization of your division. He directs me to say that he will speak to the chief quartermaster, and give him the necessary directions in what relates to the transportation you mention, and if you find it better for the troops, you may immediately order three or four regiments to Grafton or Clarksburg, but they must march there and cannot be transported by railroad. This would hardly be worth while for them to do under the present circumstances. He also informs you that the organization of your division has been ordered by special order, which will probably be in your hands now. If you wish this order modified, you may express your wishes and it will be done, if advisable.

By order of Major General F. Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

