
CUMBERLAND, April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Webster:

Until Major-General Ord assumes command please send returns and other communications to these headquarters.

By order of General Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 13, 1864.

Colonel MULLIGAN,

Commanding New Creek, W. Va.:

Direct Lieutenant-Colonel Quirk to fall back to Burlington if he can, or toward New Creek if he cannot join the forces at Burlington at the right time. Order the commander at Burlington to send out as strong detachments as he can toward Petersburg and Moorefield immediately. Report again every information you may be able to receive, and send out some of your staff officers toward or to Burlington and Greenland Gap to obtain correct information.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

Have the One hundred and twenty-third and the One hundred and sixteen Ohio Regiments, stationed from Monocacy to Sleepy Creek, relieved by the First and Second Maryland Eastern Shore Regiments. Assemble the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, the One hundred and twenty-third Ohio, the Eighteenth Connecticut, and One hundred and sixteenth Ohio on Bolivar Heights. As soon as communication is established between Bolivar Heights and Maryland heights, if the regiments of heavy artillery can protect the railroad from Monocacy to Sleepy Creek, or from Monocacy to Harper's Ferry, you may order them to do so, and give the Second Regiment, or one of them, a change for a few days to organize better, but the Ohio regiments must be relieved within the next two days. Colonel Rodgers, commanding the Second Maryland Regiment, is on leave of absence in Baltimore; will return on the 18th. He can assist you very much.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL,

Martinsburg, W. Va.:

There are two companies of cavalry claiming to be under my command at the Point of Rocks (which place belongs to my department), known as the Independent Virginia Rangers. It seems they are acting in accordance with their name, and I therefore sent for the provost-marshal of that place to confer with him about them. From

