
him I learn that they belong to your division. Have received orders to join you and refuse to obey. Their conduct is such that matters cannot longer remain as they are now, but I wish to do nothing without your advice and consent. Will you send me your views and wishes in the matter by telegraph?

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., April 13, 1864.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

Your dispatch received. The cavalry at Point of Rocks, known as Means' battalion, have been ordered by the department commander to Parkersburg. As soon as the bridge is repaired at Harper's Ferry, they will go, I presume, by railroad. I suppose it will be my duty to see that they obey the order as it was given through me. I shall be obliged if you will take any measures that may be necessary to restrain any independence of action on the part of the battalion which is in any way prejudicial to the service, as they are just now out of my reach.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, April 13, 1864.

(Received Cumberland, 3. 35.)

Major General J. STAHEL,

Chief of Cavalry:

I have the honor to report that 500 of my men start this morning westward via railroad. Means' battalion cannot come across the Potomac now, and owing to the partial destruction of the bridge at Harper's Ferry, measures have been taken to forward it to its destination.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, W. VA., April 13, 1864.

Colonel J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you proceed with 425 men of your brigade, mounted and equipped as specified in Special Orders, Numbers 22, from these headquarters, via railroad, to Clarksburg, W. Va., embarking the horses and men upon the cars at as early an your as practicable to-morrow. Upon arriving at Clarksburg you will have the command unloaded as promptly as possible and join the 500 men already at that place, assuming command of the whole, and keeping the command in the best possible condition for very hard service. Should you receive any orders from any source other than these headquarters, you will please report the same at once by telegraph. Report your arrival at Clarksburg by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

