
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 16. Cumberland, Md., April 14, 1864.

I. Officers and soldiers serving in this department, and vicilians within its limits, corresponding with newspapers, magazines, or other publications, are strictly prohibited from communicating any information relative to the position, number, movements, and operations of the troops which can be of advantage to the enemy.

The general commanding cannot understand how any officer or soldier or any loyal civilian can be so inconsiderate as to unveil that secrecy upon which our success so largely depends. Sufficient material for interesting correspondence can be found in the details of skirmishes, engagements, and battles, and battles, without exposing that which the enemy most desires to learn.

When the number, the position, or the movements of either large or small bodies of troops become generally known there is great danger of disastrous consequences ensuing to the army and the country, and hence any one, whether in military or civil life, making public such information affords the most effectual aid to the enemy, and deserves to be treated as disloyal.

Officers and soldiers giving such information, either in conversation or in correspondence, will be immediately placed in arrest and tried by court-martial. Civilians within the limits of the department who furnish such unlawful information, as well as those who publish it, will be regarded as enemies to the Government, and will be arrested by the military authorities and tried by a military commission.

Commanding officers are directed to exclude from further circulation in their commands newspapers or other publications which shall, after the promulgation of this order, contain any statement herein prohibited.

II. No orders, general or special, relating to the organization, the movements, or the position of troops will be printed by commanding officers within this department unless under instructions or authority received from these headquarters. In ordinary cases the number of copies actually necessary will be made in writing and promulgated. Care should be exercised regarding the distribution and safe-keeping of all important orders and other official documents.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

THEYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 14, 1864.

Major General J. STAHEL,

Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of men, horses, arms, and equipments left behind after the departure of a detail of 1,972 mounted men. This is made from the data obtained from an actual enumeration by inspection officers yesterday. The number of men left will be increased by 457 if only 1,515 men are taken.

