
fallen into your hands; they having been duly enlisted into the Second North Carolina Regiment, I asked for them the treatment of prisoners of war.

Your attention is called to the inclosed slip, cut from the Fayetteville Observer of February 8, 1864, setting forth that some of the prisoners taken near New Berne have been executed, which I hope will prove to be unfounded:

TRAITORS EXECUTED.

Among the prisoners captured by our forces near New Berne were several deserters from our army. We learn by an officer just from the spot that two fo these have already been executed and others are undergoing trial.

Having reported this matter to higher authority, I am instructed to notify you that if the members of the North Carolina regiment who have been captured are not treated as prisoners of war the strictest retaliation will be enforced. Two colonels, 2 lietuenant-colonels, 2 majors, and 2 captains are held at Fort Monroe as hostages for their safety. These officers have not been placed in close custody because the authorities do not believe that any harm is intended by you to the members of the Second North Carolina Regiment.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., February 27, 1864.

Major General GEORGE E. PICKETT,

Department of North Carolina, Confederate Army:

GENERAL: February 13 I had the honor to address you in respect to 53 North Carolinians who had fallen into your hands in your late operations about New Berne. As they were truly loyal men who had duly enlisted in the U. S. Army, I requested the same treatment of them as should be meted out to other prisoners of war. No allusion was made to the question of your right to place these men upon any other footing or to the matter of retaliation.

In your reply of the 17th you inclosed a list of 22 who have been executed at Kinston, and express the determination to punish the balance if proof is found of their desertion from your service.

These men, in common with more than half of the population of the State, were every loyal to the United States and opposed secession until put down by arbitrary power. A merciless conscription drove them into the service, and for a time compelled the suspense of their real sentiments but was powerless to destroy their love for the Federal Union. With tents of thousands they seized the first opportunity to rush within my ones and resume their former allegiance. Had these men been traitors to the United States at the outburst of the rebellion their claims upon it for protection and sympathy under the circumstances would not have been strong, but in view of their unswerving and unflagging loyalty I cannot doubt that the Government will take immediate steps to redress these outrages upon humanity and to correct such gross violations of usages of civilized warfare. In any event my duty has been performed, and the blood of these unfortunates will rest upon you and your associates.

