
APRIL 14, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel GLAASSEN,

Commanding Outposts:

General Peck has information which induces him to believe that an attack on Plymouth may be expected hourly, and that this will be accompanied by a demonstration on New Berne. I know that it is only necessary to say this to you to keep you all on the alert in your command.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Wilson has not yet been placed on duty, and no change has occurred. I will notify you when it occurs.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 15, 1864.

General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

General Grant has not returned; will be back this p. m. General Rawlings says no doubt he will make the order we wish. Suppose you make my order and send it over.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,April 15, 1864.

Captain C. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in furtherance of instructions received from the division headquarters I ordered Major Anderson, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, with a detachment of 200 men from this brigade, to proceed toward Castleton Mountain, and, dividing his forces before crossing Hazel River, to surround the mountain by the roads which skirt its base and endeavor to capture a detachment of rebel cavalry said to be stationed there. I at the same time ordered Lieutenant Cating, of my staff, to proceed with 100 men of the Eighth New York (of First Brigade) to Lebanon Church, on the Sperryville pike, near Woodville, thence by a road bearing north and east toward Castelton Mountain, and then endeavor to effect a junction with the column under Major Anderson. It was expected that Lieutenant Cating's party would intercept any of the enemy who might be retiring before Major Anderson's advance. This party succeeded in capturing 1 private of Sixth Virginia and 1 of Forty-ninth Virginia and 2 horses, besides arresting a citizen under suspicious circumstances. The several detachments

