
left camp at about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 14th instant. Their dispositions were so well made and the movements so well timed that all three of the parties met at the foot of the mountain at daylight, although coming from opposite directions. Major Anderson ascended the mountain without finding any enemy. He afterward went to Woodville, returning by the Sperryville pike. The party of Eighth New York returned by the Mud pike. It will be seen by the foregoing details that the country was thoroughly scoured, and had any party of the enemy been in the neighborhood they could not have escaped observation. I have the honor to inclose report* of Major Anderson. I would also state, in addition, that Major Anderson reports that the country in vicinity of Culpeper cannot be observed from Castelton Mountain. The most extended view from that point is to the west and north of west.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,April 15, 1864.

Captain CARSWELL McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully report, for the information of the general commanding, some additional information obtained during the late reconnaissance by major Anderson:

It was currently reported in the neighborhood of Woodville, and also at Castleton Mountain, that Dunkin's troop was ordered to rendezvous at Criglersville on yesterday, and that he passed through Woodville on the 14th for that purpose. It was also reported that all conscripts in that section were to rendezvous at Criglersville. In addition, Major Anderson found a notice posted on a blacksmith shop directing all conscripts to rendezvous at riglersville on yesterday, 14th instant. If a demonstration were made on the left to and beyond James City, I think I could send 200 men to Criglersville with a reasonable prospect of effecting something. The distance is 25 miles, and a party leaving here at dark could make it by daylight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 15, 1864-5 p. m .

Captain N. B SWEITZER,

First U. S. Cavalry:

The squadron of the First Cavalry here will rejoin the regiment as soon as relieved by a squadron of the First Massachusetts Cavalry, now daily expected. Hope you are well again.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

