
CUMBERLAND, MD., April 15, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 11. 15 p. m.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington:

No news of special importance from our lines, except that small bodies of cavalry and guerrillas of the enemy are very active between Cumberland and Martinsburg. Several attempts were made to get at the railroad, but the parties were repulsed. Two thousand cavalry of General Averell's division are on the move from Martinsburg to Webster and Clarksburg. It will take them three or four days on the road.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Webster:

I have received your different dispatches and letters of the 14th, and am satisfied with your arrangements. There must have been great confusion occasioned by the fact that the whole movement to Beverly had to be interrupted and stopped when it had already commenced. The Eleventh Virginia was ordered by me to concentrate at Beverly, which order was not revoked, but I am satisfied with your order in regard to it, because the regiment forms part of your division now, and has to execute your orders. When the troops of Colonel Thoburn arrived at Webster, I directed him to send one regiment to Beverly to repair the road, and he telegraphed tome that he had sent the Twelfth. I also ordered you to send four companies to Weston and fourto Philippi, which you say was done. Now you wish to send the Third and Fourth Pennsylvania Regiments to [Beverly] to repair the roads. This may be done, as you may be aware by the telegram of Captain Melvin. I, however, would like not to have too many troops at Beverly, because they would eat up our provisions, and their march, especially if they have wagons, will injure the roads at this moment, when they are so very muddy. Could not the same thing be done by a smaller force? You may act as you think best.

I have ordered the chief commissary and quartermaster to stop and keep back all the trains at Clarksburg and Webster until further orders. General Averell is directed to send part of his force to Webster. You may order a detail for the purpose you mention.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, April 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Webster, W. Va.:

Your proposal to start the Third and Fourth Pennsylvania, Reserve Corps, to Beverly, repairing the road as they go, is approved, and you will carry your proposition into effect.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

P. G. BIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

