
CUMBERLAND, April 15, 1864-7. 40 p. m.

Captain RUMSEY, Assistant Adjutant-General:

You can take with you, as you desired in your last letter, 1,972 men.

Respectfully,

J. STAHEL,

General.

MARTINSBURG, April 15, 1864.

(Received 9. 10 a. m.)

Major General J. STAHEL, Chief of Cavalry:

I have the honor to report the stations of the following regiments and detachments:

Twenty-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Beverly; Tenth West Virginia Volunteer Infantry, Beverly; Keeper's battery, Beverly; Twenty-first New York Cavalry, Martinsburg; First New York Veteran Cavalry, Martinsburg; First New York (Lincoln) Calvary, Martinsburg; detachment Sixth Michigan Cavalry, Kearneysville; Twelfth Pennsylvania Calvary, veteran furlough; detachment Twelfth Pennsylvania Calvary, Pleasant Valley; First Maryland Cavalry, Potomac Home Brigade, veteran furlough; Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Martinsburg; First West Virginia Veteran Calvary, Martinsburg; Means' battalion Virginia Rangers, Point of Rocks'; Third Independent Company Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, Cumberland; Company C, Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, Cumberland; four companies Third Virginia Cavalry, Buckhannon; Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, Martinsburg; Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, veteran furlough; detachment Seventh West Virginia Cavalry, Martinsburg; Horse Battery G, First West Virginia Artillery, Martinsburg. Four hundred and fifteen men of the Second Brigade moved west to-day by rail. Detachment of Seventh West Virginia Cavalry embarked by rail yesterday.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 15, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Culpeper:

I just learn that the Eighth Ohio Cavalry is not yet mounted or equipped, and that it will be sent to West Virginia to be mounted. If such is the case it will not be ready for service for one month yet. Will you have it mounted and equipped in Ohio? It is now in Camp Dennison. I fear I will not get near the number of mounted force you intended I should have. No re-enforcements have reached me yet.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 15, 1864.

(Received 12. 04 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

The Swann transport steamer is reported to me as having arrived at Morehead City in a sinking condition, bound for New Orleans, having on board the Twenty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel

