
Scroggs. General Peck has no transportation in North Carolina, neither have we any here that can be spared. There are 376 men. As Providence has given us the regiment, perhaps it might as well stay.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER, VA., April 15, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Please ask the Secretary of War to give Colonel Kautz certificate of appoint as brigadier-general, and order him to report to Major-General Butler to command his cavalry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 15, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Commanding Sub-district of the Albemarle, Plymouth, N. C.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 13th, at 5 p. m., was received late last evening. A copy was at once sent to Major-General Butler, who has ordered the Third New York Cavalry and two more batteries away from North Carolina.

As you know we are under "bare poles" everywhere in this command. Your request for troops is just about the whole number of General Palmer's force. I at once wrote to Commander Davenport suggesting the sending of the Tacony, which is worth all the other gun-boats here. Her departure will leave us in poor shape so far as the navy is concerned. If she goes, you will be impregnable. If attacked you must hold on and fight the rebels, giving me information, and I will help you all I can.

This is the time, in April, for rebel demonstrations in North Carolina, just in advance of the opening campaign in Virginia. Have they as many available troops in North Carolina as in April of 1862, when Longstreet made feints in order to deceive me and take my forces at Suffolk? Would not heavy detachments now endanger the operations of Lee? Under all the circumstances I think their spring demonstrations will be light. Keep me advised of everything that occurs, so that I may act at the earliest moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 16, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va., and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter just received from Brigadier-General Harland, of the date of the 15th, respecting the designs of the enemy in North Carolina.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

