
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PAMLICO,Washington, N. C., April 15, 1864.

Major General JOHN J. PECK,

Commanding Army and District of North Carolina:

GENERAL: Reports continue to come in in regard to the immediate attack on New Berne and Plymouth. These reports are mostly brought in by negroes, and are all very indefinite; still I think it is the intention of the rebels to make the attack soon, and they are said to be sanguine of success. About 15 or 20 of Kennedy's men came down near our outposts, on the south side of the river, Wednesday evening. I sent out a small force in hopes of capturing them, but they succeeded in escaping. Our men gave them one volley, with what effect could not be ascertained. There were no casualties on our side.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HARLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, April 16, 1864.

[General HALLECK:]

DEAR GENERAL: The very bad weather we have had delayed the iron-clads. Last night the gun-boat towing the Onondaga was blown up, I fear by the coal shells prepared at Richmond and sent North. If the time is pressing please let me know, so that they be sent off without regard to weather.

Very truly,

G. V. FOX.

[Note in pencil by General Halleck:] I do not think the time so pressing as to require extra risks.

WASHINGTON, April 16, 1864-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

General Hunter ordered as directed. * Dispatch from General Banks, dated 2nd instant, at Alexandria, says Admiral Porter went up Red River that day, the gun-boats having been detained at the rapids by low water. Hopes to reach Shreverpott by the 10th. Sigel says General Averell, with 2,000 cavalry, is moving from Martinsburg to Webster and Clarksburg. Two regiments of Gillmore's command have reached Fort Monroe, viz, Fourth New Hampshire and Eighth Maine. General Butler has asked for two more batteries, which will be ordered him to-day. I will send you copy of General Banks' letter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

---------------

*On special service to Department of the Gulf.

---------------

