
Washburn, whilst he could not command an army as well, would fill the place at Memphis better than General Pope. He is full of energy and will follow instructions. I think probably the heavy artillery with General Wallace had better remain with him. They answer there as a reserve to send to General Sigel, Washington, or almost any place in case of necessity.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 16, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

The number to be transferred from any one regiment to the Navy is not limited. The quota from the Army of the Potomac cannot be fixed till other armies are heard from. You will be informed as early as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 16, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have respectfully to submit the following proposition for the organization of a siege train, should one be required for service with this army near Richmond:

The train should be prepared in Washington, and as a minimum composed of forty 4 1/2-inch siege guns, six spare carriages; ten 10-inch mortars, two spare carriages; twenty 8-inch mortars, four spare carriages; twenty Coehorn mortars.

With the proper implements and equipments, tool wagons, sling carts, battery wagons and forges, mortar wagons, &amp;c., the eighth 4 1/2-inch siege guns of Abbot's regiment (First Connecticut Heavy Artillery), later sent to Washington, to constitute a part of the train. If the material can be brought by water or rail to within a reasonable distance of the point at which the train is to be used, the horse teams of the two siege batteries and those of the Artillery Reserve would be available for transporting the guns, and such additional mule teams as are required to bring them up can, it is supposed, be furnished from the quartermaster's trains. The ammunition trains of the Artillery Reserve and artillery brigades attached to corps can be employed for the transport of the ammunition.

There should be provided for each siege gun 1,000 rounds of ammunition; for each siege mortar 600 shells; for each Coehorn mortar 200. Of this ammunition 200 rounds per piece should be brought up before opening fire; the remainder to be near enough to enable the supply to be kept up. At least 500 sand-bags should be supplied for each gun and mortar of the train, with an equal number in reserve.

I would propose that the organization of the train be intrusted to Colonel Abbot, First Connecticut Artillery, whose regiment served with the siege train at the siege of Yorktown. That the work may proceed with the utmost rapidity, another regiment of foot artillery

