
(Kellogg's, Warner's, or Piper's) might be added to Colonel Abbot's command. Colonel Kellogg served with credit in the First Connecticut Artillery at Yorktown and is familiar with the duties. The two regiments of foot artillery in the reserve will be available as reliefs, guards for working parties, fabrication of gabions and fascines, filling sand-bags, &amp;c.

The instruction of the regiments with the train in the mechanical maneuvers, laying of platforms, &c., should commence at once. A thorough knowledge of these duties will save much time when every hour is valuable. The material and working directions for constructing magazines, one for every four guns, should also be prepared in advance, that workmen drawn from the foot artillery regiments with the army may assist the engineers or construct them themselves.

It is understood that there are rifled 32-pounder, 4-inch caliber, in the works at Richmond. Should it be considered necessary to oppose to them guns of corresponding power (100-pounders) the ordnance officer should be instructed to prepare them and their material. This would be a timely precaution.

In case it should be though necessary to move the train by water up the Pamunkey to the neighborhood of Hanover Court-House, instructions should be given to load the material on barges, double decked ones if possible, such as are used on the Hudson River for transportation of flour, and do not draw more than 5 feet. This depth I understand is found as far up as the bridge at Widow Lumpkin's, near Crump Creek, and within 5 miles by land of the railroad. The dept of water and the nature of the road from the bridge to the railway should be ascertained possibly before procuring the barges. A decked scow or two and 100 or 200 feet of trestle bridging, similar to that prepared by Major Duane for the pontoon train, but of stronger dimensions, should be provided to enable landings to be effected at any point.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 16, 1864-10. 40 a. m.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS:

Please say to the lieutenant-general commanding that Shaler's brigade of the Sixth Corps, sent to Sandusky in January last, which was ordered some time ago to return to this army, has not arrived nor any intelligence reached me of its movement. Also two regiments of the Pennsylvania Reserves, ordered to the front from Alexandria, to be relieved there by a part of the Veteran Reserve Corps, have not come forward. I would be glad if any measures can be taken to expedite the movement of these troops.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER, VA., April 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN, Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Telegram received. I start over immediately.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

56 R R-VOL XXXIII

