
have been started for Beverly since the 8th instant, or the return of the above. The amount of forage at Beverly reported on hand yesterday, the 15th instant, was 30,000 pounds, being full rations for 2,500 horses for one day. There are now 240 animals at that post. Full supply of subsistence has been send forward uninterrupted from Clarksburg, as contemplated by instructions sent Captain Dodge at that depot on the 2nd instant. About 60,000 rations are now at Beverly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. BARRINGER,

Captain and Chief Quartermaster, Dept. of West Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., April 16, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier General MAX WEBER:

GENERAL: Your two letters are received. As the greater portion of our cavalry and Ewing's battery has been withdrawn from Martinsburg it is necessary to have a force of infantry and a battery there to support the cavalry. You will therefore send the Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, the two Ohio regiments, and one battery to Martinsburg, to march in two days with tree days' cooked rations and 60 rounds of cartridges, with as little baggage as possible, and on the shortest and most convenient roads. They will start to-morrow at such time as you may think proper. Some of their baggage may be sent by railroad. Pontoons are at Falling Waters, and the officers there will be instructed to make such arrangements as are necessary to bring the troops at Martinsburg across the river in case of an emergency.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, April 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General AVERELL:

General Sigel is under the impression from communications made by you to him that you have authority from the Cavalry Bureau to supply your command with horses. If so, he would like to be informed to what extent the authority is given and upon what conditions.

JUL. STAHEL,

Major-General, Chief of Cavalry.

CUMBERLAND, April 16, 1864.

Major LOT BOWEN,

Commanding Battalion, Third West Va. Cavalry, Buckhannon:

You will proceed forthwith, with the companies of Third Virginia Cavalry now at Buckhannon, to Clarksburg, and from thence by way of railroad and river to Charleston, to report, as directed in your former orders, without waiting longer on Captain Means' companies. Please acknowledge receipt, and report action.

By order of General Sigel:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

