
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 16, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

As requested by you, I respectfully submit for your consideration the following points, important to my administration of affairs in the Middle Department;

First. I think it indispensable to employ at least six light-draught vessels with which to patrol the Chesapeake Bay along the Eastern Shore of Maryland. Said vessels would be useful for this purpose. Steam-tugs, each armed with a howitzer and manned with a picket guard, will give all the advantage required. I have not with me the data upon which to approximate the cost of such vessels, but will forward exact estimate upon my return to Baltimore.

This employment is necessary to stop more effectually the blockade-running constantly going on across the bay to Virginia, by means of which I am satisfied the rebel army in front of Richmond largely derive their stores, particularly clothing and medicine. Cavalry patrols on the shore have been heretofore resorted to for the suppression of the evil. A glance at the map is though sufficient to for the condemnation of the method.

The employment is essential for another reason. The Middle Department derives its military importance altogether from the great lines of supply and communication that intersect and have their formalin in the neighborhood of Baltimore. It is reasonable to infer that the rebels will this summer be more active than ever in assailing those lines.

If the detachments of my command now engaged in watching smugglers' operations, which they are harmless to prevent, can be concentrated and disposed along the railroad, I believe I have enough men to thwart any ordinary raid against them; yet unless boats are employed, as suggested, any such disposition is impossible without a total neglect of the Eastern Shore.

For the suppression of blockade-running I beg to invite your attention to one other point.

I am satisfied that Baltimore is the great point of departure of rebel supplies; against it I propose stringent regulations touching permits and clearances.

If an earnest agent of the Treasury Department were sent to me for consultation, the necessary regulations could be easily arranged. I also propose that dealers (wholesale and retail) in dry goods, clothing, boots and shoes, drugs, fire-arms, and hardware, resident in Baltimore, be required to take the oath of allegiance, modified so as to oblige them to sell no goods, nor allow them to be sold by any other person for them or for their benefit, for transportation into the rebel lines, until the prohibitory orders or laws upon the subject are by proper authority repealed or revoked. I have not the oath of allegiance at hand or I would submit a form. If the suggestion is accepted, however, before commencing the system I will forward one.

Provost-marshals ought to administer the oath and keep the register.

Second. The next subject for your consideration is in reference to a secret-service fund. Official reports show a debt against he department, incurred by my predecessor or predecessors, of $1,013. To pay that about $400 were turned over to me. In my office I have the exact amounts. If I could have $600 furnished me to pay that indebtedness, I think it possible to get along without other calls upon you. My plan would be to levy fines against venders of liquor

