
to soldiers, to confiscate and sell the good seized from blockade runners, the proceeds, [sic] and to assess a small tax for passes issued to persons not connected with the army going down the bay on commercial business or for curiosity.

This business should be under charge of the provost-marshal, who should keep an account of the tax collections and a record of convictions and fines against liquor dealers and the blockade property confiscated and converted, and turn over the money thus raised to my quartermaster, who on his party should disburse the same money upon requisitions duly approved. In this way speculation would be impossible and the Government decidedly benefitted.

Third. In the last place, I respectfully request that the Soldiers' Relief in Baltimore be placed under my control, through the commissary of my corps. I spoke of this matter fully to-day, but pardon me for repeating that I can save the Government thousands of dollars by simply uniting to the cause the State and city donations and the charities of private individuals. But what I care for chiefly is, I can use it as a means to draw to my support and that of the Union cause the active and practical sympathy of many of the wisest, purest, and best of the Unionists of Baltimore. I therefore beg you will let me try its management, under the immediate superintendence of my commissary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, April 16, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

I have just this moment received your letter of the 15th of April, brought by the hands of Major General W. F. Smith.

You are entirely right in saying there should be but one movement made south of James River. At no time has more been intended. I went to Fort Monroe for the express purpose of seeing you and telling you that it was my plan to have the force under you act directly in concert with the Army of the Potomac, and as far as possible toward the same point. My mind was entirely made up what instructions to give, and I was very much pleased to find that your previously conceived views exactly coincided.

All the force that can be taken from the coast has been ordered to report to you at Fort Monroe by the 18th instant, or as soon thereafter as possible. What I ask is, that with them, and all you can concentrate from your own command, you seize upon City Point and act from there, looking upon Richmond as your objective point. If you can send cavalry to Hicksford and cut the railroad connection at that point it is a good thing to do so. I do not pretend to say how your work is to be done, but simply lay down what, and trust to you and those under you for doing it well. Keep what vessels may be necessary for your operations. No supplies are going to North Carolina, except such as may be necessary for the troops there.

I presume the call for vessels is in consequence of the preparation ordered for supplying our armies after a new base is established. The quartermaster did not know where they were to go, but that he was to have supplies afloat, and supposed they were for

