
divisions, as you will see, one of three brigades and two of two brigades each. I desire to add a brigade to Vogdes' and one to Turner's divisions from forces to be assigned to the corps after it reaches your command. I most earnestly hope you will favor the arrangement. My artillery force is below the orthodox minimum for the force I bring by at least for six-gun batteries. If two more brigades, of, say, 2,500 men each, are added to my corps, as I hope they will be, I should have six more batteries than I now have. Three of my batteries are of four guns each, but I shall bring with me the material to raise them to six guns. Brigadier-General Vogdes bears this letter, and is directed to report to you to take command of the Tenth Corps as it arrives from time to time.

Brigadier-General Terry will follow in a day or two, and will then command the corps until my arrival. General Turner will remain a few days longer still, while I do not propose to leave here or turn over my command of this department until all my troops are in motion and the least regiment ready to embark. Great delay has occurred here in concentrating my scattered forces, but it could not be avoided. I can bring a supply of engineer material, if you think proper.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 17, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

General Kautz ordered to Fort Monroe; Washburn to Memphis; Crittenden to Burnside. Fort Smith and Indian Territory added to the Department of Arkansas, and General Blunt ordered to General Curtis. An infantry regiment, organized from Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, for General Burnside. I will write you to-day about others. Messenger from General Gillmore just arrived, with list of regiments to be left in the Department of the South. He wishes those on that list now here to be sent south immediately. Shall I so order? He hopes to have from 7,000 to 10,000 at Fort Monroe by the 20th, if weather should favor. Shall those parts of his troops which are not to remain in the Department of the South be sent to meet him at Fort Monroe, or wait here until he arrives there himself? A naval officer in North Carolina writes that rebel troops from the South are being concentrated at Weldon and Richmond, the military having taken possession of all railroads. It is reported that all males that are capable of bearing arms are being conscripted in the Shenandoah Valley and concentrated at Luray, and that wagon trains and transporting all forage and provisions from that valley to Lee's army.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 17, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

GENERAL: As I telegraphed this morning, I have ordered General Augur to organize an infantry regiment for General Burnside out

