
after the battle occurs to transfer from Alexandria to this point, and the consequent suffering that might ensue, justify, in my judgement, this duplication of battle reserve supplies, and their being held in readiness at some point nearer than Alexandria.

The foregoing arrangements and instructions are based on the contingency of the enemy's falling back without giving battle. Each department has been notified to look to the quartermaster's department for intimation of the period when the different supplies ordered should be sent to any particular point.

For an immediate movement the following instructions have been given:

The ordnance department notified to have in readiness to issue, at short notice, 150 rounds small-arm ammunition, 50 rounds to be carried on the person and 100 in supply train. The subsistence department to have on hand for issue sixteen days' marching rations; foru of salt meat and twelve of beef on the hoof; six days to be carried on the person [three full rations in haversacks and three small rations in knapsacks]; the balance in supply trains. The quartermaster's department to have ten days' full allowance of grain for all animals. The medical department to be prepared to send the sick at short notice to the rear, and to have all necessary field-hospital supplies on hand. These preliminary instructions being given, it will require from three to four day's notice to issue and load supply trains and prepare the army to move at an hour's notice.

This communication is respectfully submitted, that you may be fully advised of the steps I have taken, and that my attention may be called to the fact in case I have done more or less than is expected and required of me.

Respectfully, yours,

[GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.]

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 17, 1864-5. 25 p. m.

Captain MERRILL:

Enemy have materially strengthened their position upon both sides of Somerville Ford, and are busily engaged to-day erecting a line of intrenchments up the northeast slope of Clark's Mountain, commencing about a mile in the rear of the Halsey house. No other changes observable.

PAINE.

APRIL 17, 1864-6. 45 p. m.

Captain PAINE,

Pony Mountain:

Do you mean the enemy have strengthened position on both sides of the river or on the road on the other side?

MERRILL.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 17, 1864-6. 50 p. m.

Captain MERRILL:

The enemy has no troops on this side of the river. I allude to the heights on the south bank.

PAINE.

