
ference of the officers to military appeareance and requirements. There is a detachment of about 100 men of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry encamped separately, without any system whatever. It covers an area of about 2 acres. About one-third of the detachment have no horses and arms. I recommend that they be assigned to the Third Indiana Cavalry. The Eighth New York Cavalry was in good condition, but the horses of the whole brigade are thin and appear to be entirely unfit for any hard duty without rest and recuperation.

In the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel Devin, Sixth New York Cavalry, there are large deficiencies of horses and arms. This brigade has, however, the best horses in either division. Those of the Fourth New York Cavalry are especially good and evince care and good treatment. The men are also clean and neat, and wear the prescribed uniform. The Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry appear to bear an undue proportion of outpost duty. With less than 300 mounted men present, the regiment relieves its own detail of 84 men for picket. This regiment has 203 men on detached service at division and brigade headquarters. The regimental wagons and teams of the Fourth New York and Seventeenth Pennsylvania Regiments are in poor condition, and appear to be neglected or overworked.

The Reserve Brigade, commanded by Brigadier-General Merritt, is probably encamped on the worst ground within the lines of the army. No amount of care or police will render the camps neat or healthy. The horses are used up, and are in a deplorable condition for active duty in the field. This brigade, in my opinion, needs an opportunity to rest and recuperate, that its well-known efficiency in the field may not be destroyed. The First New York Dragoons require improvements in uniforms and hair-cutting. This regiment is armed with Joslyn carbines, which are unreliable and worthless. These arms should at once be turned in and the regiment supplied with others. It is rather unaccountable that this has not been done before.

As the general result of my observation in these two divisions, I have the honor to state that, in my opinion, the troops are not in condition to perform active duty with credit, on account of the condition of their horses and the deficiencies and in some cases inferior quality of fire-arms. With heavy outpost duty in all sorts of weather, and almost no long forage, the regiments are so scattered and worn down that a proper supervision of officers is almost impossible, and the animals cannot be kept in condition. If it were at all practicable to relieve these commands from active duty now, that their whole attention would be given to reorganizing for even a short period, immense good would result. I am decidedly of the opinion that the best interests of the service demand that such opportunity be afforded if possible. Paper reports give no idea of the state of these command. I am convinced that both divisions cannot put into lien of battle 5,000 efficient cavalry at the present time. I have the honor to suggest that an order be issued requiring the men to wear fatigue caps and blues as permanent uniform. This dress is recommended for regularity, neatness, and economy, and can almost at any time be promptly drawn from the depots, especially if dress jackets are no longer required. The pioneers are not very well organized throughout the command. It is respectfully submitted that from 5 to 7 men are sufficient for a regiment if properly equipped, and the attention of the brigade commanders should be directed to this important organization. With the few exceptions I have noted the wagons and teams

