
CUMBERLAND, MD., April 17, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

(Received 10. 50 a. m., 18th.)

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Please inform the general that General Sigel has telegraphed to General Crook for some information, but cannot obtain it before morning, as the wires are down. Soon as the information is received General Sigel will telegraph in full. General Sigel reports that he needs at once at least 2,500 horses for the old regiments, and soon as available some 4,000 for the new and veteran regiments. If the 2,500 cannot be obtained at once it will materially cripple the anticipated movement. General Sigel asks if something cannot be done. His chief quartermaster has asked the Cavalry Bureau for permission to pay $153 and to purchase a portion of mares at proper prices.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 17, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

(Received 7. 10 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

The following telegram from General Crook is just received:

Reports, corroborated by several deserters, state that all of Longstreet's command except one division, which is stationed near Cumberland Gap, passed over the railroad toward Richmond several days ago.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 17, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

I have information that Mosby with a portion of his gang is near Lovettsville; that 4 of his men are to-night at the German settlement, 3 miles west of Lovettsville and 1 1/2 miles south of Knoxville, impressing teams and preparing six days' rations.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 17, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

The Thirty-fourth Massachusetts, the One hundred and twenty-third and One hundred and sixteenth Ohio Infantry Regiments, and Battery B, First Maryland Light Artillery, left for Martinsburg this morning at 8 o'clock. The pontoon bridge across Falling Waters is laid, and open for travel for cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The

