
WASHINGTON, April 18, 1864-3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

The Eighth Ohio Cavalry was ordered to be mounted and equipped at Camp Dennison, and then sent to General Crook. The Cavalry Bureau has been directed to do this at once. General W. S. Smith, at Nashville, has called on General Davidson for 30,000 cavalry horses. Such requisitions cannot possibly be filled. On March 28 General Pope asked for a delay in sending the Sixth Minnesota to the Army of the Potomac, for reasons given. I will immediately send you a copy of his letter, or will make the order prepremptory, if you say so. Pope's force against Indians is very small.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, April 18, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Except the regiment which General Augur proposed to spare, I did not expect to order any troops from the defenses of Washington. It was only such unassigned troops as may arrive that I expected to have report to General Burnside. The regiment which has been assigned to him please order to Alexandria, to relieve troops now there from this army on special duty, the latter to join their proper commands at the front.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER COURT-HOUSE, April 18, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There is such a call for cavalry horses from all parts of the army that I would suggest the propriety of an order from the Secretary of War authorizing department commanders to convert 40 per cent. of all their calvary into infantry, selecting those regiments that have required the greatest number of horses to keep them up to hge dismounted. There is full that percentage of cavalry in service more than can be kept mounted and more than is required. If it would be acting in bad faith to dismount them, I would discharge them altogether.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 18, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I desire to have assigned to duty, according to their brevet rank, Major-Generals Barlow and Ricketts, now on duty with this army.

57 R R-VOL XXXIII

