
I have therefore respectfully to bring the subject to the notice of the general commanding, with the request that if practicable a limit at least should be placed on the number to be transferred from any one battery.

Inclosed are reports for which I called on the chief of artillery of corps. *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The orders of the War Department respecting transfers from the army to the naval service are without limitation. All men, therefore, who apply for transfer to the Navy and who pass a satisfactory examination must for the present be transferred.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 18, 1864-5. 10 p. m.

Captain MERRILL:

I have carefully reconnoitered the enemy's position to-day, and can discover no change from previous reports. All quiet in direction of Madison Court-House and Sperryville. Can discover no new camps nor disappearance of any of the old ones.

PAINE.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 18, 1864.

General GRIFFIN:

Following dispatch has been referred to me:

ALEXANDRIA, VA., April 18, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Great complaint is made by trainmen about the conduct of soldiers at Rappahannock Station and between there and Bealeton. Stones are frequently thrown by them at the men and signal light of passing trains. Last night while Numbers 12 train was taking water at Rappahannock bridge, at 8. 15 p; m., some soldiers attempted to interfere with the engine, and after the train had started broke one of the rear signal light with stones or pieces of wood. The last extra of Numbers 9 train last might was stoned by soldiers near the bridge about half mile west of Bealeton, and both signal light were broken and brakemen nearly knocked off the train.

By giving this matter your attention you will greatly oblige.

M. J. McCRICKETT.

Will you please make such arrangements as will catch these offenders if they repeat their operations?

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

