
JANUARY 1, 1864. - Affair at Bunker Hill, W. Va.

January 1. - A rebel division under General Early advanced as far down the valley as Winchester. Our pickets at Bunker Hill, 12 miles from Martinsburg, were driven in after a skirmish. * Owing to the excessive cold weather, no further demonstrations were made against the enemy. Scouting parties have been constantly kept out

and all the neighboring country thoroughly scoured, resulting in the capture of a large number of prisoners and obtaining much valuable information. +

JANUARY 1, 1864. - Skirmish at Rectortown, Va.

Report of Major John S. Mosby, Forty-third Virginia, Cavalry Battalion.

JANUARY 4, 1864,

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that during the month of December there were captured by this command over 100 horses and mules and about 100 prisoners. A considerable number of the enemy have also been killed and wounded. It would be too tedious to mention the various occasions on which we have met the enemy, but there is one which justice to a brave officer demands to be noticed. On the morning of January 1, I received information that a body of the enemy's cavalry were in Upperville. IT being the day on which my command was to assemble, I directed Captain William R. Smith to take command of the men while I went toward Upperville to ascertain the movements of the enemy. In the mean time the enemy had gone on toward Rectortown, and I pursued, but come up just as Captain Smith with about 35 men had attacked and routed them (78 strong), killing wounded, and capturing 57.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Major, Commanding.

Major H. B. McCLELLAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, February 13, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

A subsequent report of subsequent operations has been already sent in, this having been mislaid. Major Mosby continues his distinguished services in the enemy's rear, relieving our people of the depredations of the enemy in a great measure.

J. E. B. STUART,Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 15, 1864

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

A characteristic report from Colonel Mosby, who has become so familiar with brave deeds as to consider them too tedious to treat unless when necessary to reflect glory on his gallant comrades. Captain Smith's was a brilliant and most successful affair.

J. A. S.

---------------

*See Averell to Kelley, January 1, in Correspondence, &amp;c. p. 321.

+From monthly return of First Division, Department of West Virginia.

---------------

