
[Inclosure Numbers 12.]

HAVELOCK, February 3, 1864-12 m.

General MARTIN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I have reached this point. The fort has been deserted. One brass 6-pounder rifled gun spiked. The fort is now being burned with quarters. The enemy (one company artillery) left this morning in direction of Croatan, where, from best information I can get, the enemy have a redoubt fort with one or two guns. I shall move forward immediately and see whether Croatan is occupied or not. It is 6 miles from this point. I met Hunter this morning (Confederate scout, so Dickinson says), and he informed me a terrific fight was going on from day-dawn to about 9 o'clock. He also says that a guide was sent General Barton yesterday, and that he is now in between Croatan and New Berne. I shall forward you accurate information it if is possible to be obtained. A gentleman just brought in by my scouts reports Croatan deserted; troops going toward New Berne. He says he saw a dispatch from New Berne last night to commanding officer at Croatan, stating unless they could get re-enforcements by this railroad last night they would be obliged to surrender town this morning. I am fully impressed the city is now in our possession.

Respectfully,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 13.]

HEAD OF BRICE'S CREEK,

February 3, 1864-5 o'clock.

General MARTIN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I dispatched you from Havelock this day at 12 m. I then moved up to Croatan, which was evacuated; gun left in fort spiked. As I could get no definite information there from New Berne, I moved to this point, 5 miles from New Berne, where the Yankees have a block-house on main road from New Berne to Pollocksville. There is no living person here; all houses are vacant. A fight has occurred at block-house; horses lie dead around and the cannon is out on road. One matter I cannot understand is, that the bridge here is torn up and not put down the road is much cut up, and many cavalry at least have gone toward New Berne. The citizens inform me two transports passed up this morning, about 11 o'clock with troops. All has been quiet. I hear no firing, and I am still fully impressed New Berne has fallen. A sunset gun (I suppose) has this instant been fired. I will move cautiously and endeavor to procure accurate information by morning.

Very respectfully,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Cavalry.

[Inclosure Numbers 14.]

CROATAN, February 3, 1864-10 p. m.

[Brigadier General J. G. MARTIN:]

GENERAL: I dispatched you from Evan's Mill (head Brice's Creek) at 5 p. m. this day, from where I moved forward to within 1 1\2 miles

