
believe them to be impassable for heavy trains. It was snowing

there yesterday. Also that General Sigel's transportation is still limited, too much so for a cavalry force.

I think General Sigel's plan is the only one by which his force can be used to an advantage at present, and not uncover the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The forces he proposes to send to General Crook are at Clarksburg and Webster, and can be sent to General Crook within five days. The cavalry can march from Clarksburg.

The concentration in the Shenandoah Valley can commence at once and progress as rapidly as horses and transportation can be supplied.

There are 200 wagons at Hagerstown now fitting out, but cannot be sent in time to use at Beverly. They can be used in the valley.

O. E. BABCOCK.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 18, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 11.50 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper, Va:

According to the latest reports received from General Ord and General Sullivan at Webster, as well as from General Crook on the Kanawha and Colonel Moor at Beverly, and following my own convictions, I find the following measures the best and most promising under the present circumstances. They are-

First. Give up the expedition by Beverly and leave only a small post of observation there, with one regiment of cavalry to hold connection between the force on the Kanawha and our lines on the railroad.

Second. Form only two columns, one under General Crook on the Kanawha, strongest, and one on the Shenandoah, which would make that on the Kanawha about 10,000 men; that in the Shenandoah Valley about 7,000. General Averell will be ordered with 1,000 cavalry to General Crook, to take command of his cavalry division, which will consist of eight regiments, of which at least 2,500 will be effective immediately.

Third. The other cavalry division and the rest of the infantry, with a strong force of artillery in proportion to the other arms, will assemble between Cumberland and the Shenandoah, and the infantry and artillery will be advanced to Cedar Creek, with such cavalry as can be made effective at the moment, to threaten the force of the enemy in Shenandoah Valley, and to advance as soon and as far as possible. General Crook will be ordered to take possession of Lewisburg with part of his forces, and to march down the Tennessee Railroad to do as much damage as he can; to destroy the New Creek bridge or the salt-works, which are two real objects, or to operate as you may think proper.

I have spoken in detail with Colonel Babcock, and he says that he will telegraph you his opinion.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

