
MARTINSBURG, April 18, 1864.

(Received 2.15 p. m.)

Major General J. STAHEL,

Chief of Cavalry:

I have at Clarksburg 356 Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 557 First West Virginia; at Webster 230 Twenty-first New York.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, April 18, 1864.

(Received 6.15 p. m.)

Major-General STAHEL,

Chief of Cavalry:

Your telegram received. Battery is on the cars and cavalry commencing to embark.

WM. W. AVERELL,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA,Martinsburg, W. Va., April 18, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR,

First New York Veteran Volunteer Cavalry:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding is about to set out with a large portion of the effective force of this division upon expeditionary duty. The command of the detachments of the First Brigade (First New York Veteran Cavalry, First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, Twenty-first New York Cavalry, Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry), Second Brigade (Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, First West Virginia Veteran Cavalry, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry), and the remount camp in Pleasant Valley is devolved upon you.

Accurate rolls of the offices and men going under the command of General Averell will be sent to you at the first favorable opportunity. Copies of orders which you may need for reference are hereby inclosed.

Your first most important and constant duty will be to fit your command for active service in the field, by supplying its wants and instructing the officers and men. Let every step be taken to achieve your purpose in that respect.

Secondly, it will be required of you to watch the enemy in your front, extending from Shenandoah River to Back Creek, and to inform the major-general commanding the department daily by telegraph of your observations.

Keep your command as much as possible together and in readiness to move at short notice. The brigadier-general commanding relies upon you to enforce his orders with regard to discipline. Major R. F. Lang, acting assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant G. H. North, ordnance officer; Lieutenant H. N. Harrison, acting engineer, and Captain E. Frey, assistant commissary of musters, all of the division staff, will report to you for duty during the absence of the brigadier-general commanding.

Colonel, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILL RUMSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

