
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MID. DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 25. Baltimore, Md., April 18, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced as the staff of the major-general commanding, or assigned to staff duty with this army corps:

Lieutenant Colonel Samuel B. Lawrence, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Lynde Catlin, assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Bliss, quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel Joseph G. Crane, commissary of subsistence.

Lieutenant Colonel John Woolley, Fifth Indiana Cavalry, provost-marshal.

Major James R. Ross, aide-de-camp.

Major William M. Este, aide-de-camp.

Major Henry Z. Hayner, additional aide-de-camp.

Captain Maxwell V. Z. Woodhull, aide-de-camp.

Captain Dickinson P. Thruston, aide-de-camp.

Major Josiah Simpson, surgeon U. S. Army, medical director.

Major C. C. Cox, surgeon U. S. Army, medical purveyor.

Major H. W. Wharton, U. S. Army, commissary of musters.

Major W. L. Marshall, judge-advocate.

Second Lieutenant Charles L. Isaacs, U. S. Volunteers, acting ordnance officer.

They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 18, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

I send Lieutenant-Colonel Dent, of my staff, with this, not with the view of changing any instructions given, but more particularly to secure full co-operation between your command and that of General Meade.

I will, as you understand, expect you to move from Fort Monroe the same day General Meade starts from here. The exact time I will telegraph as soon as it can be fixed. At present the roads are in such condition that the time could not be fixed earlier than the 27th instant. You can understand therefore you have fully to that date to make your preparations. You also understand that with the forces here I shall aim to fight Lee between here and Richmond, if he will stand. Should Lee, however, fall back into Richmond, I will follow up and make a junction with your army on the James River. Could I be certain that you will be able to invest Richmond on the south side, so as to have your left resting on the James above the city, I would form the junction there. Circumstances may make this course advisable anyhow. I would say, therefore, use every exertion to secure footing as far up the south side of the river as you can, and as soon as possible.

If you hear of our advancing from that direction, or have reason to judge from the action of the enemy that they are looking for danger to that side, attack vigorously, and if you cannot carry the city, at least detain as large a force there as possible. You will want all the co-operation from the navy that can be got. Confer freely

