
open and protecting your communication on the river. Her value is so great that it virtually leaves us without any gun-boat. As General Butler has just taken almost 1,200 of our best troops, including two batteries, from North Carolina, and inasmuch as Plymouth is also threatened heavily, and as it is not certain where the enemy will strike, the general does not deem it wise or prudent to detach any further aid to you until something more definite is known as to the intentions of the enemy.

Colonel Dutton, chief of staff, who is a skillful engineer, will proceed on the Collyer to join you and give you all the assistance in his power. Keep the general fully advised by every opportunity how things are going on-everything that transpires, not only of affairs near you, but derive all information of every character possible. Send down all prisoners, refugees, &amp;c., to the general by the first boat that comes down.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. D. OUTWATER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 18, 1864.

Brigadier General H. W. WESSELLS,

Sub-district of the Albemarde:

GENERAL: The commanding general has information that a combined attack is contemplated by the enemy on the different posts of this command. General Corse, with five Virginia regiments, came down last night within a few miles of our picket-line with the intention, as near as it can be ascertained, of drawing troops from Plymouth and Little Washington to this place, and also to prevent any re-enforcements leaving here for you or General Harland. The deserters further state that General Picket is to attack Little Washington to-morrow (Tuesday). The general has sent this evening, per steamers Pilot Boy and Patuxent, about 600 men to Washington.

General Butler has just withdrawn from here 1,200 of our best troops, including two light batteries. In view of this, the general does not think it wise or prudent to detach any more men from here until he has some definite information where the enemy intend to strike. The general wishes you to keep him advised of all information you can acquire. Commander Davenport has ordered the gunboat Tacony to Washington.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. D. OUTWATER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 18, 1864-8.20 p. m.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER,

Commanding Sub-district of New Berne:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that he wishes your pickets and outpost to listen tomorrow morning for guns from the direction of Washington, N. C., as it is more than

