
probable that firing may be heard in that vicinity by that time. He also wishes you to perfect your arrangements for arming the citizens and contrabands of New Berne in case it becomes necessary to call upon them for military duty of any kind.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 19, 1864-8.30 p. m.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Before ordering General Pope to send any troops from his department I was waiting to see his reasons for retaining the number he has. My own opinion has been that a small force of cavalry, with but very little infantry, was all that he required. I would advise that he be ordered to send all the infantry he can possible spare to Washington at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 19, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

General Devens has been ordered to go through the Northern and Eastern States to collect together recruits and send them to regiment and depots. The War Department thinks his services there almost indispensable for the next week or two. Men are still recruiting at the rate of 1,000 per day. Please see if General Meade cannot spare him a little longer. General Seymour is relieved from the Department of the South. Where shall I send him?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, April 19, 1864. (Received 7.40 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Meade did not apply for General Devens. The latter applied for orders, and Meade stating that he was a good officer I asked to have him sent to the Army of the Potomac. Keep General Devens where he is so long as his services are needed. Order General Seymour some place to await orders unless he can be profitably placed on such duty as General Devens is now doing.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 19, 1864.

To familiarize the men in the use of their arms an additional expenditure of 10 rounds of small-arm ammunition per man is hereby authorized. Corps commanders will see that immediate measures

