
upon. Two dismounted patrols of an officer and 15 men each went on a scout at 1 o'clock this a. m. They were dismounted and searched the country in the direction of the Spotted Tavern and Ellis' Ford; they also searched some of the houses in their travels without discovering anything. A patrol of the Tenth (or a detachment) New York Cavalry, stationed at Morrisville, was attacked yesterday about noon; 1 man killed, another was severely and dangerously wounded. This was in the direction of Ellis' Ford. Captain Mitchell is now on a scout with 25 men in the direction of Falmouth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OTTO HARHAUS,

Colonel Second New York Cav., Commanding Picket Post.

I send this with a patrol to Kelly's Ford, where I shall station two men to carry dispatches, provided the river can be crossed.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 19, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I respectfully request that the very long picket-line of the First and Third Divisions of this corps be at once diminished, so as to give rest to the horses and enable them to recuperate. The report of the inspector-general shows the horses of these divisions to be in a deplorable condition, caused by their laborious picket duty and inadequacy of long forage. If the infantry picket-line could be advanced and a few cavalrymen placed at the fords of the Rapidan, would it not give sufficient security? The cavalry picket-line from near Rapidan Station around to where it terminates at Davis' Mountain might be diminished by a good system of patrolling and outposts at prominent points on the line. It is batter to occasionally lose a cavalryman scouting or on outpost duty than to render so many horses so unserviceable by their hard labor.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 19, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Yesterday I carefully examined the division of Brigadier-General Gregg. I found the men well clothed, their camps in good condition. A deficiency in the arms and equipments from the inability of the Ordnance Bureau to furnish, but this deficiency will probably soon be supplied. The horses I found to be in poor condition, overworked, and inadequately supplied with long forage. They are not in a condition for active service and can be of but little service in the approaching campaign, unless they are promptly rested and fed. The picket-line of this division is 18 miles long, and cannot with safety to the command be dismounted.

