
of New Berne, passing the outposts of the enemy by a detour and going within 150 yards of the main picket, from where I sent a file of men and brought a citizen from within their lines, from whom within their lines, from whom I obtained following information, which from being confirmed by subsequent citizens I regard pretty accurate, viz: That General Pickett had carried Deep Gully, capturing 1,500 troops, 1 light battery, and all the earthworks on that line of defense.

To-day at 12 o'clock our forces were planting their siege guns one-half mile in front of Fort Totten, which stands on outline of city. The Yankees were playing upon them, but the guns were being brought up. The gun-boats or forts on this side of Trent were playing on our forces up the Trent on both sides of river. From all I have learned I can hear no information respecting General Barton. I don't think he has attacked forts on this side of Trent. He doubtless reduced fort at Evan's Mill, and I imagine from bridge being up he has fallen back, probably crossing the Trent to support center. At least the three forts on this side of Trent have not been attacked, so far as I can learn, and their main picket to-night was about two companies from 1 to 1 1\2 miles out.

Colonel Wood has burnt one of their gun-boats. They now have three there. They covered road with their fire, leading from Sheppardsville to New Berne, as if apprehensive of an advance this afternoon and evening. They have been re-enforced by two transports, not over 600 to 800 men. Their force, the highest estimated, is 5,000 to 6,000. The greatest alarm is prevailing, and the citizens say 10,000 negroes have gone into New Berne from all this country. As I was unable to procure any forage, I had to fall back to this point to-night to get some. I have strong pickets on both sides of me, and will bivouac for night. I shall move around to-morrow, and endeavor to furnish promptest information. Should you desire information. Should you desire otherwise a dispatch sent here can reach me.

I am, your most obedient servant,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[Inclosure Numbers 15.]

CROATAN, [February 4, 1864] -9 o'clock.

[Brigadier General J. G. MARTIN:]

GENERAL: Your dispatch this moment to hand. As the bridges across Brice's and Mill Creeks are torn up I shall return by way of Newport, and move immediately to rejoin you.

Respectfully,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

[Inclosure Numbers 16.]

HUNTER'S CREEK, NEAR WHITE OAK RIVER,

February 4, 1864-9 p. m.

Captain ELLIOTT:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to your order, I left Croatan (7 or 8 miles from New Berne) at 9 a. m. this day, and reached this point, via Newport. On my route here I destroyed several road bridges, and burned railroad bridge and trestle at Havelock, 7 miles from Newport. The railroad track is also torn up about 100 yards near Croatan. Any troops landing at Morehead City must be detained several

