
I respectfully recommend that the division be drawn in to Three-Mile Station, which will make the picket-line short, or that a brigade of infantry be sent to Warrenton, in which case a few cavalry outposts on the prominent points will suffice for the necessary security. There are also 1,800 men in this division, nearly all equipped, but without horses. Most of the dismounted men are the best soldiers of the division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 19, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

General Gregg can find no enemy in Jefferson or that section of country. There has not been a single rebel scout at Jefferson for over a week past.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The enemy reported at Jefferson turns out to have been only 13, and they were only seen by an old woman. Do not waste any more horse-flesh on them.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 19, 1864-12.30 a. m.

(Received 11.23 a. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

The following telegram in answer to my inquiries is just received from General Crook:

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 18, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Cumberland:

I don't know whether I can accomplish all General Grant expects or not by my acting independently, as you suggest, but will do my best. Success depends much on the weather. Roads are most impassable now. Send all to this point, infantry by water and cavalry by land, from Parkersburg. I want 3,500 infantry effective, if you can send them. I have sufficient artillery. The demonstration toward Huntsville would do me no good unless the column could reach Covington. Can you send me 100 yards of pontoon? I have move. Send all the horses and mules you can at once by water. Your telegram was delayed, my line being down. I have plenty of provisions here; you need send none.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

