
FORT MONROE, VA., April 19, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 12 midnight.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

When General Wilson was in charge of Cavalry Bureau I required for 2,000 cavalry horses. He requested me to send inspectors, which I did thirty days since. I have not received a single horse. It is all-important that I should have them. My cavalry has important work to do. Will you not please make an extra effort to furnish me at least 1,000 forthwith? My inspectors have been sent away from Washington to inspect horses, I know not where.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Grant, April 20.)

FORT MONROE, VA., April 19, 1864-12 m.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Several thousand recruits intended for regiments in my command are now at camps for recruits in the States of New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and Pennsylvania. There are more in New York than the other States. Will you please devise some means by which they can be sent to their regiments at once? It is all-important to me that I should have them. I am satisfied that there is a great negligence and want of energy on the part of officers in charge of the camps. The recruits for General Gillmore's command should be hurried here as fast as possible.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CULPEPER, April 19, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe, Va.:

General Peck should be able to hold Plymouth with the force he has.

You, however, will have to be the judge of what is best to do. The moment you move from Fort Monroe all rebel forces threatening along the North Carolina coast will be withdrawn, and you can then bring away surplus troops to re-enforce your moving army.*

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 19, 1864-10.30 a. m.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Gillmore informs me that owing to the affair in Florida he is short of artillery for his own department. Can there not be sent me Captain Kusserow's New York battery, now at Harper's Ferry, and also the Fourth New Jersey, now at Camp Barry?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

---------------

* This in answer to Butler's dispatch of 11 a. m., p. 278.

---------------

