SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA., AND N. C.

Numbers 109. Fort Monroe, Va., April 19, 1864.

I. Major General William F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the troops and camps of instruction at Yorktown and Gloucester Point.

II. Brigadier General I. J. Wistar is hereby relieved from command at Yorktown, and will report to General Smith.

III. Brigadier General William T. H. Brooks, U. S. Volunteers, will report to Major General William F. Smith for duty at Yorktown.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General I. N. Palmer, U. S. Volunteers, will assume command of the District of North Carolina, relieving Major General John J. Peck, U. S. Volunteers.

VII. Major General John J. Peck is hereby relieved from the command of the District of North Carolina, and will report at these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,

Fort Monroe, April 19, 1864.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER,

Commanding Army and Dist. of N. C., New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you, in view of your assuming command of the Army and District of North Carolina, and of the manifold difficulties lately arisen in the different departments, many of them, if allowed to remain in their present antagonistic, position, clearly subversive of the interests of the Government, that it is his desire and wish for you to at once take steps to inaugurate a system that may, in your best judgment, be the most speedy and effective for the purpose of restoring harmony among the various officials, and a speedy return to the good will and co-operation that can alone render their labor effective.

Upon my representing your approval of the establishing of a general recruiting office for your department, he has appointed Major Kennedy as its head. Knowing your hearty indorsement if that gentlemen for the position assigned him, the commanding general him the commanding general trusts that he may receive such instructions as will at once enable him to dispose of the questions heretofore existing between quartermaster's department and recruiting officers, which has tended to retard the progress of both parties.

In the provost-marshall's department he will, in addition to the officer you may select as the successor of Captain Denny, also appoint a competent assistant, whose sole duty it shall be to take charge of all matters pertaining to the proper administering of the affairs of the contrabands.

It is the desire of the commanding general that every exertion be made to assist and render effective the various recruiting stations through your department, and that the superintendent be particularly instructed to see that the families of recruits be promptly taken

