
care of, in accordance with previous orders. Should he suggest any charge or modification of existing orders he will at once forward them, with your approval, to these headquarters.

It is the intention of the commanding general to establish a provost court in your department for the immediate disposition of all minor offenses. Should you have a suitable officer in your command for the position of provost judge you will please forward his name to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. SHAFFER,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

APRIL 19, 1864.

Colonel RIPLEY:

Plymouth has been attacked. Keep your scouts out well on the roads to watch the enemy. Have a strong picket along the bank, so as to prevent any attempt on Macon. Hold the 400 colored men subject to your orders for defense temporarily. So distribute your men as to have all your can available for any service. Ask the naval commander to aid you in the protection of Morehead and other places.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

APRIL 19, 1864-9.50 a. m.

Colonel CLAASSEN,

Commanding Outposts, &amp;c.:

The news is that Plymouth has now been attacked. General Wessels writes that he has had some fighting and lost some men. New Berne may yet be the point to look out for.

PALMER,

General.

CAMP PALMER, April 19, 1864.

Lieutenant W. L. WHEATON,

New Berne:

Captain Horn has returned and reports that the attack on his party was made by six companies of the Third North Carolina Cavalry and three companies of the Thirty-ninth Virginia Infantry. Two pieces of artillery came up in two hours at 4 o'clock yesterday morning. They terired toward Kinston, where he thinks they have gone

JAS. W. SAVAGE,

Colonel Twelfth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,April 19, 1864-10.20 a. m.

General PALMER:

Telegram received. I think Little Washington is the real point the rebels aim at. General Hoke is at Tarborough. I have had scouting parties out all night. General Corse has gone back at

