
Kinston, and I am satisfied that the rebels expected an attack from us. New Berne will not be surprised from this point, and unless I am flanked from my extreme left I can hold a very large force for a long time.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 20, 1864. (Received 11.20 a. m.)

The PRESIDENT:

I have the honor to ask if power cannot be given me to commute sentences of death for the crime of desertion to discharge and imprisonment, with forfeiture of all pay due, at the Dry Tortugas, Fla., during the war, whenever I consider the case to require it.

If I can be empowered to do this, you will be spared a great deal of labor and the service will be benefitted by the consequent speedy punishment of men whose cases do not, in my judgment, warrant the infliction of the death penalty.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 20, 1864-4.40 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Your telegram of this date, addressed to the President, has been referred to this Department, and in answer thereto the following order has been issued:

Ordered, That in all cases of sentences of death by court-martial for the crime of desertion in the Army of the Potomac, Major General George G. Meade, commanding, is authorized and empowered to commute the sentence of death to imprisonment (with forfeiture of all pay due) in the Dry Tortugas Fort during the present war, or to make such other commutation of sentence in lieu of the sentence of death as in each case justice and the benefit of the service may in his judgment require.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

A copy of his order will also be transmitted to you by mail.

EDWIN M. STATION,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 20, 1864-4.35 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Set engineers to building block-houses at all the bridges between Bull Run and the Rappahannock, both included. They should be put up with all rapidity.

U. S. GRANT.

Lieutenant-General.

