
days before reaching New Berne. The firing was commenced at New Berne at sunrise this morning, and kept up irregularly until I got out of hearing from wind, at about 11 o'clock. I heard from New Berne last night through a party who went in, and he says the forces are not over 3,000, with 600 or 800 re-enforcements landed yesterday a. m. That General Peck had telegraphed General Butler if re-enforcements were not sent promptly forward he could not hold city, and that Butler replied, hold on, a brigade would reach him between thirty and fifty hours. Up to 11 o'clock this morning they had not passed ut the Neuse River. That the greatest panic prevails at New Berne. The city is crowded, and no transportation in way of shipping to take them away. The troops are very much demoralized. My movements last night within a mile of city on south side of Trent annoyed them much. I stated I was but the advanced guard to main body, &amp;c. I cannot account why General Barton fell back. The bridge at Evans' Mill was torn up by Yankees, as all the planks, &c., are on side next to New Berne. They admit loss of 1,500 men killed, wounded, and captured. I am fully impressed determination south of Trent would have carried the day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. JEFFORDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fifth South Carolina Cavalry.

Numbers 12. Report of Major General George E. Picket, C. S. Army, commanding Department of North Carolina.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,Petersburg, Va., February 15, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a communication, the copy of which I have forwarded to the Adjutant- General.

I have but little doubt that had Barton pushed on we might have been successful. I could have only brought four rifled guns into action. Two 10-pounder Parrotts (new guns) were disabled while firing on their iron-clads, the first fire disabling the carriages. I am sorry nothing more was done, but the surprise being over, and no co-operation,* it would have been a desperate matter to attempt an attack in front.

I hope, general, you will understand my reasons for the withdrawal, and remain, as ever, with high respect, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTH CAROLINA,February 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions received from General Lee under date of January 20, 1864, the expedition left Kinston as follows:

General Barton, with his own brigade and that of Kemper, and three regiments of Ransom's, eight rifled pieces, six Napoleons, and

---------------

* See Lee to Pickett and Cooper, February 18, Correspondence, &c., pp. 1186, 1187.

---------------

