
of 20-pounder guns by 2; multiply the number of 4 1/2 inch guns by 2 1/2; multiply the number of rifled guns in horse batteries by 100 and divide by 140. For the general supply train of reserve ammunition of 20 rounds to each gun in the army, to by kept habitually with the Artillery Reserve, the following formula will apply: Multiply the number of 12-pounder guns by 20 and divide by 112; multiply the number of rifled guns by 20 and divide by 140. To every 1,000 men, cavalry, infantry, and heavy artillery, for small-arm ammunition, 5 wagons; for Artillery Reserve, for carrying fuses, primers, and powder, 2 wagons.

9. The supply trains will be as follows: To each 1,000 men, cavalry, infantry, and heavy artillery, for forage, subsistence, &amp;c., 9 wagons, sufficient to carry ten days' supply, one day's salt meat, net weight, included. To each cavalry division, exclusively for forage, 50 wagons; to each battery, for its proportion of subsistence, forage, &c., 3 wagons; to each horse battery, for the same purpose, 4 wagons; to every 25 wagons of the artillery ammunition train, 5 wagons additional, for forage of animals of ammunition and additional wagons, baggage, camp equipage, and subsistence of wagonmasters and teamsters. Ammunition trains shall be laden with ammunition exclusively, so far as practicable. Baggage of drivers of wagons composing them will be carried in the additional wagons allowed for that purpose.

To each brigade of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, of not less than 1,500 men, for hospital supplies, 3 wagons; for every 1,000 men additional, 1 wagon; to each army corps, except the cavalry, for intrenching tools, 6 wagons; to each army corps headquarters, for subsistence, forage, and other stores not provided for herein, 3 wagons; and to each division headquarters, 2 wagons; to each brigade headquarters, 1 wagon for similar purposes; to each brigade of cavalry, artillery, and infantry, for commissary stores for sales to officers, 1 wagon; for the ambulance train of each division, 2 wagons; for the ambulance train of an independent command less than a division, batteries excepted, 1 wagon; to each division of cavalry and infantry, for armorer's tools, parts of muskets, extra arms, and accouterments, 1 wagon. It is expected that each ambulance and each wagon, except those of the artillery ammunition train, will carry the necessary forage for its own team.

10. If corps, division, and brigade commanders take their guards or escorts from commands already furnished with the full allowance of transportation a corresponding amount should be taken with them to headquarters; but if they have not been provided for at all, then a proper number of wagons will be transferred by the depot quartermaster, on the requisition of the chief quartermaster, certified to and approved by the commanding general. As a rule, neither quartermaster nor commissary sergeants will be allowed to ride public horses.

II. It has been decided that there is no advantage to the service, commensurate with the expense, in keeping up regularly organized pack trains, with mules independent of the wagons. Plack-saddles, not to exceed 400 to a corps, will be carried in the wagons of the trains. When it becomes necessary to pack officers' baggage, rations, or ammunition, for short distances, over rough roads and broken country, pack trains will be made up temporarily by taking the mules from the wagons, not to exceed 2 to any one wagon. There

