
will be allowed to each corps 50 extra mules, to supply losses on marches and for use in packing.

III. The following modification of paragraph 1121, Revised Army Regulations, approved by the War Department, General-in-Chief, Quartermaster-General, and the general commanding, is hereby established, so far as relates to this army, and will be observed until otherwise ordered: The maximum allowance for forage per day will be, for horses, 10 pounds hay and 14 pounds grain; for mules, 10 pounds hay and 11 pounds grain; and when short forage only can be procured, 15 pounds of grain for horses and 13 pounds of grain for mules will be issued as the daily ration. For a campaign the above order will not apply. The wagons will carry only the marching ration (10 pounds average to each animal per day). This increased allowance of grain is intended to be fed only when the animals are at rest, after long marches, and when the allowance of hay cannot be procured.

IV. Private property shall not be taken except when required for the public service, and then only on the written order of the general commanding the army, a general, commanding a corps, or other independent commander. A copy of the order and receipt for the property taken must be left with the owner thereof, and a report of all property captured from the enemy or seized for the public service will be made monthly to the chief of the department, at these headquarters, to which it appertains.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

Camp near Brandy Station, April 20, 1864.

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of two orders issued from these headquarters for your information. The special order is a confidential one.*

The spring wagons are on hand, and, by existing orders, one for the transportation of paymasters, their clerks, funds, and other necessary contingent wants. There is a great scarcity of hay, but we have about ten days' grain on hand.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadies-General, Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC Numbers 111. April 20, 1864.

The following instructions respecting the supplies to be provided for the approaching campaign are published for the guidance of corps and other independent commanders and the chiefs of the staff departments concerned:

1. Paragraph 2 of General Orders, Numbers 13, of March 30, 1864, from these headquarters, is so far modified as to direct that 150 rounds of

---------------

* The other was General Orders, Numbers 20. See p. 919.

---------------

