
small-arm ammunition per man be kept constantly on hand. Fifty rounds will be carried on the person, 40 rounds of which will be in the boxes; the remaining 10 rounds will not be issued until marching orders are received. One hundred rounds per man will by carried in the supply trains.

2. Three days' full rations will be kept in the haversacks, and three days' rations of bread, coffee, sugar, and salt in the knapsacks. Ten days' small rations and one days' salt meat will be carried in the supply trains. Thirteen days' beef on the hoof will be taken. The three days' small rations to be carried in the knapsacks will not be issued until marching orders are received. They will, however, be kept on hand ready for insure.

3. Ten days' forage will be taken in the supply trains and other wagons.

4. All commanders are notified that the rations must be made to last the full time for which they are issued. No new issues will be authorized under any pretext whatever until the expiration of the time for which the original issues were made.

5. Corps and other independent commanders will insure the most stringent instructions to prevent this order being made public or placed where newspaper correspondents can have access to it. Any officer convicted of allowing it to pass out of his hands will be severely punished.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Commanding Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have been instructed to organize the siege train as projected by yourself, my regiment (First Connecticut Heavy Artillery) being detailed. Might it not be well to add some eight or ten 8-inch howitzers, either as an addition or perhaps in lieu of some of the mortars? Comstock advised me to write to you about this, and also to suggest that my present brigade (First and Second Connecticut) be both ordered on the duty. My regiment is now full, but in a month will lose 400 men by expiration of time of service. The Second Connecticut is commanded by Colonel Kellogg, a major in the First on the Peninsula, and such an arrangement would be highly desirable. He has about 1,700 men. I suppose no orders are at present required to effect this, but if it meets your approval when the time comes I shall be much pleased. My address is Engineer Bureau, War Department, Washington.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Heavy Artillery.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 20, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Captain MERRILL:

Column of infantry, 1,000 strong, without wagons, passed Somerville Ford at 9 o'clock, going by river road toward Rapidan Station. Enemy continue digging on Clark's Mountain. All quiet.

PAINE.

