
at the fords should be placed so as to prevent their capture by the enemy. Detachments can now be relieved at all the fords. Please send me the strength of the cavalry at the fords. Fords must be closely watched.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,April 20, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

It will take more men to substitute small detachments at the fords than we have there now, and I presume your desire is to reduce the pickets of this command, it being smaller since Custer left. The river is full of blind fords and requires all the vedetters we now have watching it to insure safety; besides, the infantry are too far in the rear to render any assistance whatever, and we must rely on vedettes to give timely intimation to our outposts. We have 210 men on picket from Second Brigade, and I do not think this force could be weakened by us, unless the infantry advance, without great danger. I will be over to see you on the subject early to-morrow; in the mean time will not charge.

T. M. BRYAN, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

PICKET RESERVE,

Near Grove Church, April 20, 1864.

Captain L. SIEBERT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that all remains quiet on my lines, and we have not been disturbed. The patrols which I have sent out during the day and night have failed to discover anything suspicions. We have been informed that the Fredericksburg railroad has been destroyed, and that the last rail has been taken off.

Very respectfully, yours,

OTTO HARHAUS,

Colonel Second New York Cavalry, Commanding Picket Post.
HDQRS. PA. RESERVES, THIRD DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS,April 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FREDERICK T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose statement* of Captain Allen, Company G, Sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Reserves, and respectfully request that a decision of the War Department as to the time of the muster out of the men of this division may be had, in order that the question may finally disposed of. In addition to

---------------

* Did not accompany this communication.

---------------

