
the 2 men mentioned in Captain Allen's statement, 5 other men of the same regiment, whose three years from date of enrollment have expired to-day, refuse to do duty. These men are all in arrest, and will be tried for mutiny if it is decided that they are not entitled to a discharge, which they claim for the following reasons: That the time of their comrades who have re-enlisted as veterans was calculated from the date of enrollment, otherwise many would not have been eligible; that the Pension Bureau, in granting pensions to those of the division who been disabled, has calculated the time from date of enrollment, otherwise numbers of men who have received pensions would not be entitled to receive such, not having served two years; that their comrades transferred to the regular service, under orders at Berlin in the fall of 1862, have been discharged, three years having elapsed from date of enrollment; that three years have elapsed since the date of enrollment in the caption of one of the columns of their original muster-roll, and consequently they are entitled to their discharge under paragraph 14 of "instructions for making muster-rolls, &amp;c.," issued by the War Department November 20, 1864.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McCANDLESS,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the action of the War Department.

The Pennsylvania Reserves are a peculiar organization, having been regularly mustered into the service of the State of Pennsylvania, and afterward transferred to the United States. One of the regiments, First Pennsylvania Rifles, were never mustered into the U. S. service, but have been held on their muster into the State service, which provided for their transfer to the United States.

My experience is decided that it is inexpedient and impolitic to retain men beyond the period which they honestly believe they are entitled to a discharge, and I would therefore recommend the Reserves be discharged from the date of enrollment or muster into the State service. It is of the utmost importance that a speedy decision thereon be made, as there are symptoms of disorder and mutiny appearing in this command. I beg to be advised of the decision by telegraph.

GEO. G. MEADE.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., April 20, 1864.

Major-General AUGUR:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that the provisional regiment organized from Second Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery be sent to Alexandria, to relieve troops now there from Army of the Potomac, which will be sent to their proper commands.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

