
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 20, 1864.

(Received 10.10 a. m., 21st.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet. The scouting parties sent out under command of Colonels Lowell and Grimshaw have returned. Colonel Lowell captured 11 prisoners and lost 1 man killed and 3 slightly wounded in a skirmish at Leesburg. Will report more fully to-morrow.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigandier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Annapolis, Md., April 20, 1864.

Colonel S. G. GRIFFIN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding division to inform you that the following-named regiments have been assigned to your command, and their commanding officers ordered to report to you for orders: Sixth New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry, Ninth New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-first Maine Volunteer Infantry, Thirty-second Maine Volunteer Infantry, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteer Infantry.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 17. Cumberland, Md., April 20, 1864.

The following authorities from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, are republished for the information of all concerned:

* * * Every department and army commander will cause to be transferred, as speedily as possible, to the nearest naval station named in General Orders, Numbers 91, all enlisted men who desire to enlist in the Navy, and who fulfill the conditions required in General Orders, Numbers 91, without regard to the restriction in said orders as to reduction of regiments and companies below the minimum organization, which restriction is removed.-Paragraph 2, General Orders, 123, current series, War Department.

* * * The discharge and final statements for pay for all men forwarded to naval stations for enlistment in the Navy in obedience to General Orders, Numbers 91 who conducts the men to the naval station. The Paymaster-General will designate an officer of his department, who will pay, at each naval station, all the transferred men who may be accepted by the naval authorities, everything due them from the Army up to the date of their discharge by transfer to the Navy . The discharge papers of such men as are sent back to their companies because they are not accepted by the Navy will by canceled.-Circular, Numbers 32, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, April 4, 1864.

In order that the provisions of the foregoing may be carried into effect, commanding officers of divisions and separate brigades will respectively designate an officer to whom shall be addressed all applications,

