
from enlisted men of their commands, for transfer to the Navy, and who will examine and determine from them, according to the qualifications of the applicants as prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 91, War Department, current series, what men are proper subjects for transfer.

As fast as selections are made division and separate brigade commanders will cause the men to be sent, under suitable conduct, with descriptive lists and accounts of pay and clothing, to Baltimore, Md., where they will be turned over to the naval commandant at that station. Daily reports by telegraph of the number of men thus transferred will be made to these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 20, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

I have yet received no written orders relating to the Sixth Michigan Cavalry; expect them next train. Last night at 10 o'clock Captain Deane, commanding company of Sixth Michigan, sent me word that, having been left alone on the line with 60 men by the withdrawal of Colonel Taylor's men, he had retired to Halltown and wished orders. I ordered him to withdraw to a point near Bolivar Heights, throw out pickets, and wait for orders. He is now there. This leaves the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad much exposed, and almost at the mercy of the rebels.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF W. VA.,Webster, W. Va., April 20, 1864.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state, for the information of the commanding general, that his telegrams to me regarding movements of my troops, dated the 19th instant, were not delivered to me by the telegraph operator until twenty minutes before 10 a. m. to-day. I have sent you a telegram to-day to the same effect as this communication, which, if you do not receive, I should like to be informed of.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION, DEPT. OF W. VA.,Webster, W. Va., April 20, 1864.

Captain THAYER MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of W. Va., Cumberland, Md.:

CAPTAIN: General Ord left without giving me any definite and full instructions in regard to the organization of my command, and without directing me how to act. Will you have the kindness to

