
600 cavalry, on the morning of the 30th ultimo to cross the Trent and take the works in front of New Berne in reverse, and to prevent the enemy being re-enforced by land or water.

Later in the day I sent off the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Virginia to report to Colonel Dearing, on the north side of the Neuse River. With this, three pieces of artillery. Whitford's regiment, and 300 cavalry he was to have attacked, if it was practicable, Fort Anderson, Barrington's Ferry.

Commander Wood, of the Navy, with his boat party, left on the 31st ultimo, and I, with Hoke's brigade, three regiments of Corse's and two of Clingman's brigade, five rifled pieces, and five Napoleons, and 30 cavalry, started on the evening of the 30th ultimo. The attack was to have been made simultaneously by the different parties on Monday morning. Barton with his cavalry was to have cut the railroad and cross Brice's Creek, taking the forts on the bank of the Neuse (which opened to the water), and pass across the railroad bridge, effectually, should he only succeed in the first, cutting off re-enforcements. During, by taking Fort Anderson, would have a direct fire upon the town and enfilading fire on the works in front of it. Commander Wood, having secured the gun-boats, would co-operate, and I, with the party under my command, create a diversion, draw off the enemy, and if the chance offered go in the town. Accordingly, on Monday morning at 1 o'clock I pushed forward General Hoke, who, upon his arrival at Batchelder's Creek, 9 miles from New Berne, was met in strong force by the enemy. Although they were evidently surprised, still the night being dark and the enemy posted in a strong position, and having destroyed the bridge, it was impracticable for General Hoke to force a passage till after daylight. This he did in most gallant style.

At this time the enemy were re-enforcing heavily by railroad, and trying to take our lines with the guns on a steam iron-clad. They attempted to turn my right flank with these re-enforcements. I threw Corse forward to drive them in, which he did handsomely, and Clingman, with his two regiments, following General Hoke's. After effecting the crossing the enemy were hardly pursued, but having no cavalry, and the men much worn by the long night's march, and not having been allowed fires, we were unable to press our advantage as we would have done had there been fresh troops in hand; in fact, it was 3 o'clock before General Corse could come to the crossing of the Neuse road with the railroad, some 2 1\2 miles from the town. There was, unfortunately, no co-operation, the other parties having failed to attack, and I found we were making the fight single-handed. Commander Wood went down the Neuse on the night of the 31st with his party, but did not find the gun-boast. Dearing found Fort Anderson too strong to attack. Barton's cavalry failed to cut the railroad and telegraph to Morehead City, nor was it ever done by his party. This was afterward done by General Martin, but no communication was received of this fact from General Barton till some after we moved back. General Barton communicated with me by courier on Tuesday morning, saying he found the work laid out for him impracticable. This not being satisfactory to me, I sent Captain Bright, my aide-de-camp, across the Trent to communicate with him in person. This was accomplished by Captain Bright at a good deal of risk. General Barton informed him that he had been entirely misinformed as to the strength of the place, and that he pronounced the works as too strong to attack, and

