
Colonel A. G. Draper, Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored Troops, will assume command at Point Lookout.

IX. Brigadier General G. Marston will report to Major General W. F. Smith, at Yorktown.

* * * * * * *

XII. Brigadier General E. A. Wild is hereby relieved from the command of Norfolk and Portsmouth and will proceed to Camp Hamilton and assume command of all the troops there.

XIII. Brigadier General Charles K. Graham will assume command of the U. S. forces at Norfolk and Portsmouth.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Chief of Cavalry, Dept. of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: You having been by general orders assigned to duty as chief of cavalry in this department, it is the desire of the commanding general that you make your headquarters at or near Portsmouth, Va., and take immediate command of all the cavalry in that district, organize and discipline it, that it may be made as effective as possible, with a view to active operations. It will be necessary to use part of the cavalry for the present to guard and picked the line of Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal. You will apply at once to these headquarters for whatever is necessary to render your command effective.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES K. GRAHAM,

Norfolk, Va.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to forward to you the inclosed order,* and to inform you at the same time that the order is not to apply to any of the troops now under the command of Brigadier-General Heckman, who is at present moving his forces to what is known as the inner lines of defense, which lines, with the heavy artillery stationed in the fortifications, are properly under your command. After properly dismantling the fortifications in his present front, General Heckman will leave Portsmouth with his infantry forces, leaving the cavalry under the independent command of Brigadier General August V. Kautz, U. S. Volunteers, chief of cavalry in this department, and the defenses, with all the

---------------

* See paragraph XIII, Special Orders, Numbers 110, p. 930.

---------------

