
other troops, will be under your command. This letter is written to prevent any conflict of jurisdiction until General Heckman is relieved, which will be in a few days, or as soon as he completes the new lines of defense.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. SCHROEDER,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,Fort Monroe, April 20, 1864.

Brigadier General C. A. HECKMAN,

Getty's Station:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say that Brigadier General A. V. Kautz, chief of cavalry for this department, has been ordered to you for the purpose of taking command of all the cavalry in your department. You will please render him all the information and assistance you can to enable him to make the cavalry force as efficient as possible. General Graham has been ordered to relieve General Wild and assume command of all the forces in Norfolk and Portsmouth. This will give him the command of the troops intended for defense within your inner line. He is, however, instructed not to interfere with any arrangements you have made nor with any troops that may be within his district that heretofore belonged to your command, the intention being to have you command all your own district and as much of Norfolk and Portsmouth as will enable you to complete the inner line of defenses. As soon as this is done you will be relieved with your infantry force and ordered to another field, leaving General Graham in command of his district, together with all the defenses, and General Kautz in command of the entire cavalry force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF NEW BERNE,New Berne, N. C., April 20, 1864.

Captain J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose the available force now in and around this place. It will be seen by an examination of this paper that the only troops left for the defense of this place, exclusive of the troops on the outposts and the garrisoning of the different forts, are five companies of the One hundred and fifty- eighth New York Volunteers, five companies of the First U. S. Colored Troops,and 250 men of Colonel Scroggs' regiment of colored troops, and the aggregate is only 3,860, or about one-third the number actually necessary to man the works and the line of intrenchments.

If Plymouth has already fallen into the hands of the enemy, the troops recently sent from here to re-enforce that place will doubtless be stopped, and they will make a respectable re-enforcement for Roanoke Island. At any rate, these re-enforcements will not probably be able to get into Plymouth.

