
ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 21, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have at your request examined the proposition of Captain A. Schwartz, aide-de-camp, for the introduction into our service of short howitzers for vertical fire.

As to the necessity, there are but few occasions in which the light 12-pounder gun will not, by reducing the charge and giving high elevations, perform the service required of the short howitzers. The caliber being smaller, a greater number of guns must be brought into requisition and a greater number of shells used, but these field batteries can supply.

In the few cases in which the 12-pounder field gun cannot accomplish the work of the proposed howitzers, from the enemy occupying hollow or low grounds which cannot be seen, or where he is behind works or cover at short ranges which the shells of the gun cannot reach, a few Coehorn mortars would answer the purpose required. These mortars form a part of our system of artillery. Four of them, with their bed, can readily be carried in a common wagon; they have ranges from 500 to 1,000 yards, and eight or a dozen of them, with 50 or 60 rounds each of ammunition, would, with the 12-pounders of an army corps or of an army, answer all the purposes likely to be required.

I do not undervalue the howitzer for its special service, but I think the evil of adding to the number and variety of our kinds of guns and ammunition would outweigh the advantage.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 21, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: I would respectfully recommend that the signal station on Cedar Mountain be given up as a permanent station, and that the advanced brigade which I have be withdrawn to this vicinity. I can then strengthen my present main infantry picker-line so as to be able to resist the approach of any advanced body, and all the cavalry except about one regiment for watching the principal approaches can be withdrawn behind Culpepper. I feel sure that I can then hold my position against any force until re-enforced. If this disposition should tempt the enemy across the Rapidan it could but result to our advantage.

From personal observation I believe the station at Cedar Mountain cannot observe anything of importance to us batter than the one at Pony Mountain.

Very respectfully, yours,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

