
was attacked. An attack by land and water upon New Berne is apprehended. The ram I hope may not be able to pass Croatan Sound. Her draught is unknown. The Miami has much more power than any wooden gun-boat that can be sent from here of suitable draught to enter the sound.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

(Copy to General Grant.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 111. Fort Monroe, Va., April 21, 1864.

I. Brigadier General A. H. Terry will report to Major General William F. Smith, commanding at Yorktown.

II. So much of paragraph XVI, Special Orders, Numbers 108, as assigns Brigadier General Israel Vogdes to the command of the Tenth Army Corps is hereby revoked. General Vogdes will report to Major General William F. Smith, commanding at Yorktown, for duty.

III. Brigadier General Hiram Burnham will report for duty to Major General William F. Smith, commanding at Yorktown.

* * * * * * *

X. The Eighty-first, Ninety-sixth, Ninety-eighth, and One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Regiments will constitute the First Brigade, First Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, and the Tenth and Thirteenth New Hampshire, Eighth Connecticut, and One hundred and eighteenth New York Regiments will constitute the Second Brigade of the same division. Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks is assigned to the command of the division.

The Ninth New Jersey, Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Regiments will form the First Brigade of the Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, and the Second and Twelfth New Hampshire, Eleventh Connecticut, and One hundred and forty-eighth New York Regiments the Second Brigade of the same division. The ranking officer present with the troops of that division will be in command until further orders.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

Fort Monroe, Va., April 21, 1864.

Major General W. F. SMITH:

You will assign General Wistar to a brigade. General Butler desires that General Heckman be assigned to command the First Brigade, Second Division, his present brigade. Please say to General Hinks that General Butler desires to see him in the morning.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

