
that he had made no advance and did not intend to, and that he had sent out twice his cavalry to cut the railroad and they returned without having accomplished it. Captain Bright then, by my direction, ordered him to join me. General Bright then, by my direction, ordered him to join me. General Barton said he would try to cross at Pollocksville, but would be unable to cross that night (the 2nd), and expressed some doubt as to whether he could cross at all at that point. Should he fail, then he would be compelled to go much higher up the river. Thus the earliest possible moment at which he could have joined me would have been the evening of the 3rd instant.

I could not then have attacked before the 4th instant. General Barton afterward informed me verbally that he could positively have done nothing on his side of the river. General Barton had orders from me, in case he found it impracticable to perform his part of the work, which was the most important, to at once cross to me and let me try a coup de main. I could, however, hear nothing from him for some time, and when I did it was the unsatisfactory note above alluded to.

On the night of the 1st instant Commander Wood gallantly attacked and took the six-gun steamer Underwriter, but was compelled to burn her, thus losing us her invaluable services. The enemy having had ample time to re-enforce both by water and railroad, the trains running in constantly night and day from Morehead City, and in fact the whole plan by which the place was to be reduced having failed, I deemed it prudent, after consolation with my officers, to withdraw, which we did at our leisure:

The result may be summed up as follows; viz: Killed and wounded, about 100; captured, 13 officers, 284 privates, 14 negroes, 2 rifled pieces and caissons, 300 stands of small-arms, 4 ambulances, 3 wagons, 103 animals, a quantity of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and 2 flags. Commander Wood, C. S. Navy, captured and destroyed U. S. gun-boat Underwriter. Our loss about 45 killed and wounded. A correct list will be forwarded.

I found the ground in my front swept by half a dozen forts, one of them mounting seven rifled guns, with which they fired at pleasure over and into our line of battle. Had I have had the whole force in hand I have but little doubt that we could have gone in easily, taking the place by surprise. I would not advise a movement against New Berne of Washington again till the iron-clads are done.

In mean time, having received dispatches that the enemy were in force at Suffolk and advancing on Blackwater, I deemed it prudent to send General Clingman back to Petersburg.

I have received as yet no written report from General Barton, but am of the opinion that he should have advanced at the same time that I did. Had he have done so, the enemy being fully employed by me, he could have probably carried out this part of the plan. At any rate, it was worth the trial, and I respectfully ask an investigation of his wasn't of co-operation. From all that I could learn no infantry were over on that side of the town. The present operation I was afraid of from the first, as there were too many contingencies. I should have wished more concentration, but still hope the effect produced by the expedition many prove beneficial.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

