
order and discipline. He will make the necessary arrangements to receive the troops as soon as they arrive by the trains, and select proper places outside of the city where they have to stay until they can be transported by boat. He will approve the requisitions of the different regiments, except those of General Averell, if he should be present in the city. If such be the case the commanded of the city will report to General Averell, and act under his orders as long as the general remains there. It is expected from such commander that he will do all in his power to protect the people against depredations, and to prevent the soldiers from straggling. He will make all reports to you by telegraph, and advise you of all important news, and such facts as demand your attention. The commander of the city with his regiment will remain until all the troops have embarked, and issue such orders as he thinks necessary. Four companies of the Eleventh Virginia Regiment will remain at Parkersburg, after he has embarked, and await there further orders. It is not expected that you will go to Charleston.

F. SIGEL,

Major-General.

J. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, April 22, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Cumberland:

In my telegram to you yesterday I stated that my plan of advance was the same as the one you suggested in your telegram of the 20th instant; that was, to occupy Lewisburg and make an attack on the railroad. If circumstances will justify when I get there I may move on Lynchburg, keeping a sharp lookout for my left flank. Shall remain in that country, doing all the damage I can, until it is prudent to retreat; or will be ready to take advantage of any success of our troops east. Do you want me to retreat in direction of Staunton or Lewisburg? I shall leave but few troops at Lewisburg, so as to take all the force in front I can.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 22, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Annapolis, Md.:

The following battalions of the United States Infantry have been ordered from New York Harbor to this city, to be assigned to your command; Four companies of Fourth U. S. Infantry, 329 men; eight companies of Eighth U. S. Infantry, 321 men, and four companies of Tenth U. S. Infantry, 263 men. These troops will arrive here Sunday or Monday next.

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1864-11.55 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Annapolis, Md.:

Officers have been sent out to inspect all hospitals and to send to their regiments all well men, replacing them by convalescents where

60 R R-VOL XXXIII.

