
possible, and where this cannot be done to telegraph to Colonel Hardie for special orders. I think everything possible is being done to get them out.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 13. Annapolis, Md., April 22, 1864.

This corps will commence moving from this place at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 23d, in the following order:

First, two battalions of the Third New Jersey Cavalry, then the four divisions in the order of their numbers, each followed by its train, and lastly one battalion of the Third New Jersey Cavalry.

Sufficient rear guard will be established by divisions and brigades to prevent all straggling, and the battalion, of cavalry in the rear will act as rear guard to the entire command, and the commanding officer will see that all stragglers join their regiments.

The line of march will be indicated by the advance cavalry.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 22, 1864-11 p. m.

(Received 9.40 a. m., 23d.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General Butler reports that no iron-clads have yet gone to Fort Monroe. Will you please have inquiries made of the Secretary of the Navy if they are yet ready and will go soon?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER, VA., April 22, 1864-7.30 p. m.

(Received 8.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

It will be just as well to send General Gillmore's men to Fort Monroe, as you suggest, whenever vessels are going that can take them. I will answer you as soon as I can inquire of General Meade about sending his cavalry equipped as infantry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CULPEPER, April 22, 1864-noon.

(Received 2.30 p. m.)

Major-General BUTLER, Fort Monroe:

Your dispatch received. You must not let movements of the enemy interrupt carrying out your programme in the coming campaign. It would be better to evacuate Washington and Plymouth than to have your whole neutralized defending them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

