
is that a post is only worth what it costs the enemy to take it. Now, then, you can make your posts as valuable as you please. I see no indication that there is a sufficient force opposite to you to take either Plymouth, Washington, or New Berne. If there is sufficient force for that purpose, then the plan of the rebels is to evacuate Virginia and hold North Carolina, and they have either brought from the south or sent down a sufficient force for that purpose, so that any re-enforcements to your garrison merely would be substantially useless.

I will send down the army gun-boats for the purpose of attempting to open communication, and await further developments of the designs of the rebels.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General HARLAND,

Commanding Sub-dist. of the Pamlico, Little Washington, N. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to say that he is of the opinion that you will be attacked in a short time, and that you are certainly strong enough to stand against any land attack. However, should the ram come down and go up the Pamlico River she might cause you considerable trouble. In view of this you had better use every available man to strengthen your position as much as possible. You had better throw up a breast-work along the river to protect your command from a rear fire. Throwing up traverses at different points of the line would be of immense protection to you. You can make yourself much stronger by these measures. You must keep constantly on hand a large and fully adequate supply of ammunition, subsistence, and forage. If you are not well supplied, send a full list of what you need, and it will be furnished immediately.

Citizens coming into our lines from the other side of the Neuse River report heavy firing in your direction this morning. The wishes of the general are that at 10 o'clock every night you fire one heavy gun, then after an interval of about a minute fire two successive guns. By that he will know that you are all right. The signal may not be heard, but under the circumstances it is the best that can be done.

Communicate as often as practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. D. OUTWATER,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

MOREHEAD CITY, April 22, 1864.

Major-General PECK:

Since the arrival of the news from Plymouth the remainder of the Second North Carolina Volunteers are much excited. I cannot place the least dependence on them for the defense of Beaufort or any

