
other place. They are utterly demoralized and will not fight. Indeed, they are already looking to the swamps for the protection they have so far railed of getting from our Government. I can do nothing with them except send them to Fort Macon, and I feel they will be worse than useless there for the defense of the place, taking up the place of the sailors I have there manning the heavy guns, in place of the 50 heavy artillerymen I have had to bring here to help do the guard and picket duty, and unable to man the heavy guns themselves. Can they not be sent to Fort Macon, out of harm's way? I believe they will inevitably, in case of a fight, become panic-stricken and have a bad effect on the rest of this slim command. If this is done I will try and defend Beaufort with sailors and citizens, white and black. Whatever is the final disposition made of them, I think I will send them to Ford Macon early to-morrow morning to prevent further desertion. In the mean time I await your instructions.

EDW. H. RIPLEY,

Colonel.

CULPEPER, VA., April 23, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 12.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Meade would prefer retaining his dismounted cavalry in Washington on duty to having them sent to the front before being mounted. He has now about 3,000 dismounted cavalry on duty in the field.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 23, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

Please telegraph to General Augur whether all your cavalry now in his department are to be armed with carbines and sent to the front, or if not all, what part.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 23, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

On consultation with General Sheridan, I am of the opinion any increase to our dismounted cavalry (now 3,000) would not be desirable. I would therefore suggest the dismounted men of this army now in Washington being retained there till they can be mounted, and not forwarded with cardines, as I last night recommended.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

