
Numbers 13. Report of Brigadier General Robert F. Hoke, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS HOKE'S BRIGADE,Kinston, N. C., February 8, 1864.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders, I reported to Major-General Pickett with letters to him from the commanding general on Friday, January 22, at Petersburg, and there awaited the arrival of my command, which was immediately forward to Garsburg, near Weldon. I expected to find General Corse's at Petersburg, but learned it could not reach there before Wednesday, January 27, which delayed our movements from this point until Friday, the 29th. In the mean time the artillery was collected and placed upon cars, as if it was to be shipped to Richmond, and every piece supplied with a sufficient quantity of ammunition. The horses were sent to the country to recruit, and after getting several miles in the country were ordered to Wilmington, but were to stop at Wilson, N. C., for further orders. After making all the necessary arrangements at Petersburg, I proceeded at once to Kinston, and finding the enemy had made no change returned to Weldon to give the shipment of my troops my personal attention.

Saturday (the 30th) being the day for the movement from Kinston, I on Friday forwarded to that point from Goldsborough all of Kemper's brigade and three regiments of Ransom's brigade from Weldon, together with six rifled pieces and cannoneers, which, with Barton's brigade (600 cavalry and six Napoleons, now at Kinston), composed the column was to leave that point on Saturday morning and move down the Trent road as if upon New Berne; thence across Trent River and down the south bank across Brice's Creek to the rear of New Berne, under the command of Brigadier-General Barton. Two regiments of Corse's brigade were also forwarded to Kinston on Friday, which, with Whitford's battalion, now on duty on north bank of Neuse River below Kinston, formed the column, commanded by Colonel Dearing, which was to make demonstrations against Washington, or if he could surprise Fort Anderson was to do in. The remainder of Corse' brigade, two regiments of Clingman's brigade, the Fifty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, of Ransom's brigade, and my brigade, with four Napoleons, eight rifled pieces and cannoneers, arrived at Kinston during Saturday (the horses having been ordered from Wilson so as to arrive there at 12 o'clock on Saturday), which, being the column that was to the front of New Berne, moved at once upon the Dover road 5 miles from Kinston. On this night General Barton with his command was 15 miles from Kinston. Dearing was progressing finely and General Martin was en route from Wilmington toward Morehead City. Colonel Wood with his party arrived at Kinston Saturday night and proceeded down the river on Sunday.

On Sunday morning at 6 o'clock I, with my brigade at the head of the column, proceeded on the Drover road, arresting all persons who saw us, and directed the march so as to arrive at Stevens' Fork, a point 10 miles from New Berne and 2 miles from the outposts of the enemy, after dark, where we encamped without fires until 1 o'clock Monday morning, the 1st instant, at which time I moved forward and captured all the outposts, but not without being hailed and fired

