
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 23, 1864-8.40 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Much uneasiness and considerable excitement has been created in this city by discouraging stories of your army, reported, as upon your authority, by Governor Dennison and Mr. Garfield. They are said to quote you as representing the whole strength of your army that you can put into action as only 60,000 men; your cavalry only 7,000 and by these and similar statements have created considerable gloom in the public mind. I mention this to let you know the danger arising from unguarded conversations with visitors, and have prohibited any passes to members of Congress or any one else not connected with the service. You will please direct your provost-marshal to be an agent in discovering any unauthorized visitors, and to send them back immediately, reporting to this Department who grants passes and to whom, so that giving unauthorized passes may be punished. Visitors to your army state that morning reports of your force have been exhibited to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 23, 1864-11 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I regret that a private conversation held with two gentlemen holding the position of Governor Dennison and Mr. Garfield should have been misrepresented in the manner described by you in your telegram just received. I did mention to these gentlemen the difference between the number of men reported with an army and the number that could be brought into action, referring to the great number that in all armies are necessarily non-combatants from the nature of their duties. I also referred to the difficulty, notwithstanding the strenuous efforts of the Government to the contrary, of getting recruits into the field, and in reply to a query from Governor Dennison whether I had not received very large accessions from recruits I replied "No," and innocently gave the exact number received. I had no expectation that any use would be made of the information given except such as would tend to advance the public interests. The orders to the provost-marshal-general will be given as directed by you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Camp Near Brandy Station, April 23, 1864.

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

First Connecticut Heavy Artillery:

COLONEL: I have received your letter of 20th instant. In my proposition for the organization of the siege train I included your two batteries, B and M, in the forty siege guns I asked for. These batteries were ordered to Washington, with directions to equip and hold themselves ready for orders, which may be sent them at any

