
time. I asked also for ten 10-inch, twenty 8-inch, and twenty Coehorn mortars.

I excluded the 8-inch howitzer (siege). It is a cross between the gun and mortar without the advantages of either; besides, I think the cases would be rare in which the siege guns or 12-pounder field guns could not be made to do the work of these 8-inch howitzers. Still, I have no objection, and it would be well if you have the transportation to take in addition half a dozen or ten of these howitzers and if on consideration you desire it, and there is not sufficient transportation for both, take half a dozen of these howitzers as substitutes for as many of the 8-inch mortars.

As to Colonel Kellogg's regiment, I agree with you and asked that it might be associated with yours. I did not know that the two constituted a brigade. It would be well to put them both under instruction. I think you will need them and all I can give you beside. I will see General Grant on the subject or send your letter to Colonel Comstock. At any rate I will endeavor to get you the authority to take both of your regiments with you.

I think it will be of importance to concentrate great power in such operations as may be before us, and it will pay well in case a depot is formed anywhere near the scene of action to send as much material as the limit of instructions will permit. It would be better to especially of the number of pieces of whatever sort.

Very truly, yours,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

Please inform me from time to time of the state of your preparations, that I may keep Generals Meade and rant informed.

Very truly, yours,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

GARNETT'S MOUNTAIN, April 23, 1864.

Captain MERRILL,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

One of the enemy's regiments above the railroad bridge has broken camp and moved off. It moved at a time when it was so smoky the movement could not be seen. No other change visible. Heavy fire in the woods all day at different points.

FULLER,

Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Culpeper, April 23, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I have had a party out to-day about 1 mile beyond James City. No enemy seen.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

