
WASHINGTON, April 23, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

Captain Fox says one iron-clad reached Fort Monroe this morning; one on the way from Boston; one leaves New York to-day; one Philadelphia Monday. Will probably have six there in the course of a week. Says rebel ram in Albermarle Sound has only four small guns, and that panic is unfounded. Near 2,000 effective men at Plymouth, and same at Little Washington, by last returns. To withdraw garrisons now would be difficult and sacrifice heavy artillery and Union people. Said to have thirty days' supplies. Will write you the reasons of the joint board of army and navy officers for occupying these places. To save time have General Butler telegraph direct to you. Copies will always be taken off the wires here. The troops coming from New York have been assigned to General Burnside.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

FORT MONROE, VA., April 23, 1864-11 a.m.

(Received 1.45 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have received by the hands of Colonel Cutts a communication in relation to the French vessels. The tenor of the note of the French charge is equivalent to saying that a movement is pending up James River, which is to be communicated to the consul at Richmond. The time having expired to-day-limited by the convention for shipping the tobacco-may I now be permitted to notify the French commander at City Point that the time has so expired, and therefore he is to come down at once and deliver the dispatches of the French minister to him after his arrival at Fort Monroe?

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Grant.)

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 23, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

You have a copy of the letter of the Secretary of State and will use your own judgment as to the manner of carrying out his wishes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, VA., April 23, 1864-5 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Butler's dispatch of this date suggests, I think, the right course to pursue in notifying the French to discontinue shipping their tobacco. Please direct him to adopt it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

