
CULPEPER, April 23, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

General Halleck telegraphs me that one iron-clad reached Fort Monroe this morning; one on the way from Boston; one leaves New York to-day; one Philadelphia Monday. Will probably have six there in course of a week. Some of the prisoners paroled from Fort Monroe are known to be in our front now. I do not want to place you in a position to show bad faith in our dealings with the rebels, as they have done with us, but before sending another man who have an explanation on what grounds they have placed men on duty released by you on parole.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 113. Fort Monroe, Va., April 23, 1864.

I. The Tenth, Twenty-second, and Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops will form the First Brigade of the colored division, under the command of Brigadier General E. A. Wild, to report to Brigadier General E. W. Hinks.

The Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth U. S. Colored Troops will form the Second Brigade of the colored division, under command of Colonel Samuel A. Duncan, to report to Brigadier General E. W. Hinks.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,

Fort Monroe, April 23, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES J. PAINE,

Aide-de-Camp:

COLONEL: You will take the Greyhound, under a flag of truce, proceed up James River with the utmost possible dispatch, report to the admiral's flag-ship as you pass, showing him this letter of instruction, communicate with the Count Marivault, commanding French vessels near City Point, and deliver him the dispatch of which you are the bearer.

You are also charged to explain to him verbally, and also to the commander of any other French vessel, if it becomes necessary, lying at City Point or in the James River above our picket boats, that they and each of them are respectfully requested and desired at once to return to Hampton Roads, whether they have shipped their tobacco or otherwise, as the time limited by the convention between the two Governments has expired. You will also communicate with the senior officer of the Confederate forces whom you may meet, explain to him the message with which you are charged, and deliver to him a dispatch which will be given you.

