
upon. I moved down the road with all possible speed in order to reach Batchelder's Creek before the bridge could be taken up; but upon reaching the point found they had been alarmed by the firing of the pickets and had taken up the bridge.

Here I lost a number of men killed and wounded. The enemy at this point were strongly intrenched, and also had a block-house erected. To avoid the loss of men by storming. I threw some trees across the creek and crossed two regiments over, under command of Colonel Mercer, of the Twenty-first Georgia Regiment, with orders to move upon their flank and rear, while I would repair the bridge and cross over the remainder of the command. This was soon done and we were not long delayed. The enemy in the mean time had telegraphed for re-enforcements, who were about 2 miles distant, and arrived in time to form in the field in rear of the creek, artillery and infantry, but we soon drove them before us and completely routed them. They made my anticipated move, which was to throw troops by cars across the creek on the railroad, all came in our rear. This was what we wanted, and I moved with all possible speed a distance of 6 miles to strike the railroad and capture the train, but the enemy by telegraphic communications were apprised of our move, and returned the train loaded with troops just five minutes before I reached the road. It was my intention, had I gotten the train, to place my men upon it and go into New Berne. At this point my brigade was halted to meet any advance of the enemy from the town, while General Clingman was ordered across to the Trent road to prevent the return of the enemy from Deep Gully, and also to take all stragglers; but not knowing the country he failed to reach the road, which was extremely unfortunate, as during the evening at different times 500 infantry and 400 cavalry passed into the town panic stricken, leaving camps in wild confusion.

After General Corse came up to the railroad I moved my brigade within a mile to the front of the town to await the sound of Barton's guns from the opposite side of Trent River, when, much to my amazement, I saw two trains come into town from Morehead City, which proved clearly that Barton had not reached the point of destination. We remained in front of New Berne all day Tuesday waiting Barton's move, when, much to my disappointment, a dispatch was received from him stating that it was impossible for him to cross the creek. Being junior officer it does not become me to speak my thoughts of this move. On Wednesday we were ordered to return toward Batchelder's Creek, my brigade bringing up the rear.

Colonel Wood, on Sunday, found no boats in the river, but on Monday night most gallantly destroyed one of their first-class boats. Our surprise was most complete, and had all parties done their duty our hopes would have been more than realized. We now know the place was within our grasp, which was seen before leaving the front of the town. The enemy were thoroughly routed and demoralized.

I hope, major, the general will not think it was on account of statements made them concerning the position and strength of the enemy, for I assure you I found matters more favorable than I expected. The work could have been done, and still can be accomplished. I have recruited my brigade somewhat since I have been in the State and an sanguine about increasing it a good deal. My men are in good health and fine spirits. The troops do not look

