
ting the guns from the Southfield it would be well to do so. I have no idea of the draught of these army gun-boats of General Graham's. Up the Roanoke he can carry any amount of water. Here boats drawing more than 3 1/2 feet or 4 feet of water cannot maneuver in the vicinity of the blockade.

We are busy here to-night in preparing a reconnaissance to find out where the Neuse River ram is, and I have no time to write more than this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-If General Graham thinks that the interests of the service will admit of it, I would like to see him here. I can send him back to Roanoke at any time, as we [are] tolerably supplied with transportation.

YORKTOWN, April 23, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER:

Will you send me the first regular artillery officer that comes along? I want him to command Battery A, Fifth Artillery, as I wish to detach Lieutenant Muhlenberg, the only officer with it, for duty on my staff. I wish you would also send me the best regiment of colored troops you have to guard the contraband camps in this vicinity, as the white soldiers have been committing all sorts of depredations, and I want to get some of them shot for it when caught in the act.

W. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 24, 1864-9.52 p.m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Your telegram respecting your conversation with Dennison and Garfield has been received. Their statements are widely circulated and excite much anxiety among many, and also subject you to unfavorable criticism. An army of newspaper reporters are trying to get to the front, but passes are refused to every one by this Department. They expect to get down by passes from your provost-marshal.

EDWIN. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 24, 1864-5.15 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

The battery heretofore in position in front of the Halsey House, at Somerville Ford, has been withdrawn. One section visible in position behind the new line of intrenchments, in rear of the above resi-

61 R R-VOL XXXIII

