
dence, 200 yards farther up the mountain. The remainder of the battery is in the immediate vicinity. No other changes observed along river. Atmosphere too smoky for observation in direction of Madison Court-House and toward the Blue Ridge.

PAINE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Culpeper Court-House:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that it is expected that Major-General Burnside will commence relieving your troops on the line of the railroad to-morrow, commencing at Bull Run, and directs that you concentrate your troops as fast as they are relieved. The Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, now on the line of the railroad, will remain there when your troops are relieved, and Major-General Sheridan will be notified to direct the commanding officer of the regiment to report to Major-General Burnside for duty with his command. In giving the necessary directions to your troops the major-general commanding desires that General Burnside's name may not be used, but notification given merely that they will be relieved by other troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Captain Goddard, one of my aides, has just returned from Grove Church and reports that all the dispositions I notified you of this morning have been made. The regiment at Morrisville has been harassed to some extent by guerrillas, and the party at Grove Church somewhat alarmed. Refugees and negroes report the rebel cavalry are numerous at Fredericksburg, and the country down toward Port Conway as having a large number of the rebel cavalry at their homes. Dismounted men in small parties make their appearance at Spotted Tavern, Hartwood Church, Stafford, and at Brentsville. The party at Grove Church is now 385 men. I think, however, that Morrisville would be a much safer place, and the same ground could be covered by strong scouting parties. Grove Church makes a very tempting bait for a sudden rush with a strong force, and it would require some time to get strong supports to the relief of the party stationed there.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I am instructed to advise you that a more careful examination of deserters and recent information lead to the belief that only Hamp-

