
ton's division of cavalry is being concentrated at Hamilton's Crossing or at Fredericksburg. One of its brigades has been at Hamilton's Crossing all winter; another farther down south, on the line of the Fredericksburg and Richmond Railroad, and the third (Rosser's) in the Shenandoah Valley. I am also instructed to say that the major-general commanding does not approve at present of withdrawing the command at Grove Church, which he does not consider in danger if the lower fords of the Rappahannock are well watched.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

Captain Goddard has just returned from Morrisville and Grove Church. The regiment at Morrisville has been harassed by dismounted guerrillas. There is also a good deal of anxiety felt on part of all parties at Grove Church for fear of an attempt of the enemy to surprise them, and have suggested that the party at Grove Church, now 385 strong, be withdrawn to Morrisville. That will make a strong force there, and stronger scouting parties can be sent out and the results obtained. It will be necessary for you to look out for these parties by keeping open communication with Morrisville, and to go to their relief if attacked. Turn in your unserviceable horses if you have not done so.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,April 24, 1864.

Colonel SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

Six companies of the First Pennsylvania Cavalry, 379 men, mounted, started for Morrisville at daylight this morning, to support the force at Grove Church.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,April 24, 1864-9 p.m.

General SHERIDAN:

Telegram just received. Orders have been given to the detachment at Southard's Cross-Roads to send a strong patrol to Ellis' Ford twice a day, and to watch well the roads from the fords on the Rapidan. They are to report promptly any appearance of a movement among the enemy. The party at Grove Church has been notified that Ellis' Ford will be visited by other patrols. Didn't see anybody in Washington that could tell me anything about the Eighth Illinois.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

