
ALEXANDRIA, April 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The usual patrols have been out to-day; report all quiet, except that I sent out a party last night in command of Lieutenant Jackson. They went to Accotink and thence up the Occoquan about 9 miles, and had a skirmish with the guerrillas; 4 of the guerrillas were wounded, 1 mortally. We captured 2 horses. One corporal, and 1 man of Company D, First Michigan Cavalry, were severely but not dangerously wounded. We lost 1 horse. The party marched about 50 miles and were out twenty-four hours. The guerrillas were all driven out of the neighborhood.

Respectfully,

H. H. WELLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Provost-Marshal.

CULPEPER, April 24, 1864.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding Department of West Virginia:

Unless you receive orders from me to the contrary, start your column under Averell and Crook on the 2nd day of May. I have telegraphed General Sherman to order your old chief quartermaster of the Eleventh Corps to you, if he is not on duty from which he cannot be taken.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 24, 1864-9 p.m.

(Received 9.30 a.m. 25th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

All the infantry, cavalry, and trains have been shipped to Parkersburg, and should arrive in Charleston on the 26th. The Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry has also arrived at Charleston from Ohio, but it numbers only 300 men; the rest are in Chattanooga. Six infantry regiments are now at Martinsburg. The last two which can be sent are on their way from Beverly to Webster, and will be shipped to Martinsburg as soon as they arrive at Webster. I will leave for Martinsburg to-morrow morning and report from there.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

APRIL 24, 1864.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding Department, Cumberland:

I have the honor to request that you will direct a small force to advance from Beverly in the direction of Marlin's Bottom two or three days' march, with orders to spread the report that a heavy force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery is following them. Let them move on the 25th. I cannot be ready for two or three days yet.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

