
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 19. Cumberland, Md., April 24, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The following changes and assignments of staff officers are announced:

Colonel A. B. Jones, additional aide-de-camp, will perform the duties of assistant inspector-general of this department, his appointment to date from April 12, 1864.

Colonel D. H. Strother, Third Virginia Cavalry, relieved by Colonel Jones as acting assistant inspector-general, is named as aide-de-camp, and will be assigned to special duty at these headquarters.

Major Franz Kappner, additional aide-de-camp, is assigned to special duty in the engineer department, under such instructions as he may at times receive from the general commanding; this to date from March 21, 1864.

Captain J. B. Salisbury, commissary of subsistence, is appointed chief commissary of subsistence of this department, relieving Captain W. H. Hosack, commissary of subsistence.

The general commanding the department tenders his sincere thanks to Captain Hosack for the efficient services rendered to the Government as chief commissary of the department.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 24, 1864.

PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Point of Rocks:

Your telegram is received and approved. Means' battalion, under command of Lieutenant D. M. Keyes, will move without delay via railroad to Parkersburg, thence to Charleston, and report to General Crook. The quartermaster will furnish the necessary transportation. You will see the order is complied with. If more force is necessary than you have at command, telegraph at once. If any refuse to go, put them in irons and forward.

By command of Brigadier General Max Weber, commanding:

H. M. BURLEIGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 24, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of West Virginia:

In accordance with your telegram of yesterday, I have appointed Colonel R. F. Taylor, who is senior officer at Martinsburg, to command all the troops there and arriving at that place. The order regarding scouts will at once be complied with. I have already sent to Pleasant Valley to ascertain what cavalry is there. Nothing new from the rebels.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

