
MARTINSBURG, W. VA., April 24, 1864.

General MAX WEBER:

A scout of 100 men of this command were in Winchester this a.m., with instructions to send back messenger if any force was heard of. No messenger has arrived. I am satisfied there can be no rebel force there.

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 24, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

GENERAL: I happened to be present at a discussion of a board or commission of army and navy officers on the blockade or occupation of the coast of North Carolina about October, 1861.

It was then said the Navy could not blockade that coast so as to prevent contraband trade; on the contrary, a very extensive trade was being carried by small vessels in Albermarle and Pamlico Sounds, which, from the number and nature of the inlets and bays, no blockade could possibly prevent. It was decided that to prevent this it was absolutely necessary to occupy and hold the mouths of Neuse, Tar, and Roanoke Rivers, and some points on the Chowan. Our gun-boats which could enter the sounds being too small to resist those which the enemy could send down these rivers, the rebels would control, it was said, these waters, unless New Berne, Washington, and Plymouth were fortified and garrisoned.

Again, last year, when it was very desirable to re-enforce the Army of the Potomac, it was represented to me by army and navy officers that to abandon either of the above-named places would be extremely injurious to our cause in North Carolina, fatal to Union men who had accepted our protection, and destructive to our flotilla in the sounds. Admiral Lee has frequently represented that his fleet was barely sufficient for the blockade of Wilmington, and we know that even that is very imperfect.

After a full consideration of the case I could not decide to abandon these places, when the demand for troops elsewhere was even greater than at present. I therefore cannot advise it now, but will order it if you so direct. It is useless for me to consult with General Butler on this subject, for his opinion would not change my judgment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, April 24, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper, Va.:

Before receiving your dispatch I had telegraphed to General Butler to use his own judgment as to the manner of giving notice to the French. The Twenty-second New York Cavalry, now at the depot, is undisciplined and unfit for the field. I have ordered them armed as infantry, and their horses to be given to the Second Ohio (veteran) and to detachments of the Army of the Potomac. I think at

