
least a regiment of the latter should be given to General Burnside, as he will be deficient in cavalry on going to the field. The Northern States are nearly exhausted in cavalry horses, and purchases will be small till after the crops are put in. When the mares have foaled they will be used for summer farm work and more horses can be procured.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, April 24, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Fort Monroe:

A Richmond paper of the 22nd, brought it by a deserter, reports the capture of Plymouth, with 1 general, 2,500 prisoners, and all the stores. I do not think it advisable to attempt the recapture, if this is true. What are your preparations for holding Washington, N. C.? It will be much better to hold New Berne strongly than to have little posts picked up in detail.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FLAG-SHIP MINNESOTA, April 24, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

An army bearer of dispatches, from New Berne on the night of the 22nd, reports that enemy carried the defenses of Plymouth, after frequent bloody attacks, on 20th instant. General Wessells and command taken prisoners. The ram and rifle-screened Cotton Planter were in Roanoke River, and Tacony, Miami, and other gun-boats at mouth of river waiting for her, confident of destroying her when she enters the sounds. There was a report at New Berne on Friday that iron-clad on the Neuse was in sight.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

(Copy to General Grant.)
HEADQUARTERS,Fortress Monroe, Va., April 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General HECKMAN,

Getty's Line:

General Wild was relieved several days ago. General Graham was expressly instructed not to interfere with any of your arrangements. That officer is now in North Carolina. You will assume command of all the forces necessary to speedily complete your work. I telegraphed this, having learned that your orders were not strictly obeyed. Understand that you have full authority, and I hope you will soon report all finished.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

