
upon our campaign as a failure, as the real object was not know to them and the capture of several rich camps pleased them wonderfully. General Pickett has no doubt reported the extent of our captures. The two 3-inch steel rifled pieces, with horses and equipments, was a valuable prize. I have but 95 carpenters and mechanics and 50 laborers from my command to work on the gun-boat, and they will soon have it completed. The material I have made arrangements to have brought forward, and by the 1st of March I hope to have both of the iron-clads ready for work, with which there can be no doubt of success.

In the mean time I will remain here, where I have already made my men comfortable, and push forward the work, and at the same time give the boat protection, which is absolutely necessary. Major Wharton, who has been acting as staff officer, will be able to answer all questions. There is no doubt of success in this undertaking, and we cannot and must not stop.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. F. HOKE,

Brigadier-General.

Major TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Reports of Brigadier General Seth M. Barton, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS BARTON'S BRIGADE,February 21, 1864.

Major THEODORE O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a report of the part borne by the forces under my command in the recent advance against New Berne, which I wish forwarded to General Lee. The original has been sent to General Pickett, now at Goldsborough, N. C., and I desire to avoid the delay. Common rumor assigns me no enviable position in relation to this matter, and I know not how it may affect my superiors. I am anxious to remove as speedily as possible, or as a knowledge of the facts may accomplish, such unfavorable impression.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE, February 21, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part borne by the forces under my command in the recent advance against New Berne. These were Kemper's (Colonel Terry), Ransom's, my own brigade (Colonel Aylett), twelve pieces of artillery, twelve companies of cavalry.

On the 29th utmost I detached Colonel Baker, with seven companies of his regiment (Third North Carolina Cavalry) and five companies of the Sixty-second Georgia Cavalry (Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy), to strengthen the picket-line between Neuse and Trent Rivers and to cover all the roads and paths south and east of Kins-

7 R R-VOL XXXIII

