
river on both sides, and the work on the blockade has been pushed as rapidly as possible. For months there has been no boat stationed anywhere near the blockade.

You will recollect that on the day before yesterday I earnestly urged you to send one of the small-boats, under your orders, to a point up the river where all parts of the blockade could be seen from her decks, and that small boats should at night row up nearer, in order to give us timely notice of any attempt to interfere with the work or to break through. There are points where such a gun-boat can lie perfectly well, and on the night before last I did find at mid-night when I made the rounds that the Lockwood or some other of the small gun-boats was lying in the channel between Fort Stevenson and Fort Anderson in a good position to see everything. Last night, however, there was no boat on the watch, and at 1.30 o'clock this morning, when Lieutenant Ward returned from his reconnaissance up to Swift Creek, there were no naval boats of any description seen higher up the river than where the Commodore Hull is lying.

Now, commander, do you, not think that as these gun-boats lie quietly at their moorings for twenty-five days or more in every month that they ought to render some assistance at such a time as this? I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that they will not unless you give your personal attention to it and make your authority felt by your subordinates here.

I can say with pleasure that you have never refused to co-operate with me in any special undertaking, but you must recollect that I have frequently conversed with you concerning the precautions to be taken against surprise on the river and about keeping at least one of the small gun-boats busy in running into and examining the small rivers on the other side of the Neuse, where boat expeditions against us could be assembled. Have these things been done? I tell you, commander, that it is my firm belief that if that ram does get down the river it will be more on account of the utter indifference manifested by the naval forces here than anything else. You may be sure that I would not say this to you if I did not feel it my duty, and I repeat that I hope you will take it kindly, even if you are convinced that I am all wrong in the matter.

I am, commander, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 22. April 25, 1864.

As the time is approaching when some of the regiments belonging to this army are to be discharged from the military service of the United States by reason of the expiration of the term for which they were mustered into said service, the commanding general announces to such troops that the War Department has decided that the term of service of a regiment is to be computed from the date of muster into the service of the United States, without reference to the date of enrollment or any service rendered a State.

This decision it will be the duty of the commanding general to enforce, and he will, if necessary, resort to the most extreme measures for this purpose. He will, however, at all times be glad to receive and forward, for the consideration of the proper authority,

