
any respectful communication touching the term of service of a regiment when such term appears to be involved in doubt.

The commanding general indulges the hope that the regiments be discharged will cheerfully acquiesce in the decision of the Government with regard to their term of service, and that no organized bodies or individuals, after having borne an unsullied reputation during all the eventful scenes that have marked their connection with the Army of the Potomac, will suffer the honorable fame they have won by their gallantry and good conduct to be tarnished, in the closing hours of their service, by acts of insubordination, which, if ventured upon by any, will be promptly suppressed, and can only terminate in the speedy and certain punishment of the offending parties.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

April 25, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Your indorsement of the 24th relative to time of muster out of Pennsylvania Reserves received. Decision will be promptly communicated so soon as it is made.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 25, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Atmosphere this morning very favorable for observation. The enemy has placed six guns in position in the work completed, as reported, on the 8th instant. Two more pieces are discovered a short distance to the right of the section of battery reported last night. No indications of activity in the direction of Madison Court-House or Sperryville.

PAINE.

STONY MOUNTAIN, April 25, 1864-10 a.m.

General HANCOCK and

Captain MERRILL:

All quiet. Two small camps have been established behind the works recently constructed near Somerville Ford, and several guns placed in position in the works. A small camp has also disappeared from this side of Clark's Mountain.

TAYLOR.

GARNETT'S, April 25, 1864.

Captain MERRILL,

Chief Signal Officer:

Enemy digging rifle-pits about a mile above railroad bridge on river bank. Brigade just on drill.

WIGGINS,

Signal Officer.

