HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY RESERVE BRIGADE,April 25, 1864.

Captain C. McCLELLAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Cavalry Div., Cavalry Corps:

CAPTAIN: The officer of the picket reports that the enemy opposite Somerville and Raccoon Fords have been busily engaged for the past few days in throwing up new lines of works and have doubled their pickets since yesterday. These are now so strong as to form a complete skirmish line with strong reserve in their rear, and the greatest vigilance and activity is exhibited.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED GIBBS,

Colonel First New York Dragoons, Commanding Brigade.

GROVE CHURCH, VA., April 25, 1864.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

I sent a patrol this morning at daylight on the Falmouth road. It reports their pickets 2 miles toward Falmouth, beyond Hartwood Church, and that their patrols of from 30 to 50 men come to Hartwood Church daily. The command near Morrisville is not within supporting distance of me.

T. H. WEED,

Major, Commanding.

GROVE CHURCH, April 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. ROSS SMITH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

My patrols to and beyond Hartwood Church find no signs of the enemy. Four refugees came in and report heavy cavalry force going toward Orange Court-House yesterday, 24th. They report a force crossed below Fredericksburg, which I think was a blind to the force going toward Orange Court-House. They report one brigade left near Hamilton's Crossing. The refugees, 4 white and 1 black, I send to headquarters Second Cavalry Division to-night.

T. H. WEED,

Major, Commanding Post at Grove Church.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that you can relieve Major Weed's command with another force.

The general desires me to say that the force belonging to the Third Cavalry Division, now at Grove Church, will be ordered back to its division, that division being so very small, so that the force you send to relieve Major Weed's command will be the only force at Grove Church. The general also directs that the wagons belonging to this command had better be stationed at Morrisville. If the enemy advance in force the general directs that your order the command to

