
fall back on Bealeton or Rappahannock Station, letting the enemy come on slowly, directing the commanding officer to send in information quickly.

C. ROSS SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,April 25, 1864.

Colonel J. P. TAYLOR,

Commanding First Pennsylvania Cavalry, Morrisville:

COLONEL: A command of 300 men from Second Brigade is sent to relieve the detachment of the Tenth New York, under Major Weed. The officer in command is directed to report to you, that you may direct him to take the position now occupied by the Tenth New York. Whatever instructions may have been sent to Major Weed from cavalry corps headquarters will be carried out by the officer relieving him. From Morrisville scouting will be kept up toward Tackett's Mills. Scouting parties from the Third Division will cover Ellis' Ford. Captain Corson will make arrangements by which you can draw forage and rations from Bealeton and will furnish sufficient wagons for their transportation. You will assume command of all the forces from this division at or in the vicinity of Morrisville and carry out fully all instructions heretofore given from these headquarters and from headquarters cavalry corps to other commanders on duty at Morrisville and Grove Church.

By command of Brigadier-General Gregg:

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 25, 1864.

Captain T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of West Virginia:

I had yesterday evening information, not very reliable, that a force of rebels were near Winchester. Colonel Taylor, commanding at Martinsburg, has sent out a scouting party, which is expected back to-day. Upon its return I will telegraph the news. Means' men refused to obey the order to move to Charleston. Upon my taking measures to enforce the command they decided to obey, and are now ready to move.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 25, 1864.

Captain BAMFORD,

Provost-Marshal, Point of Rocks:

Lieutenant Keyes, commanding Independent Virginia Rangers, will remain as at present until further orders, the order for their movement having been countermanded.

By order of Brigadier General Max Weber:

SAML. F. WOODS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

