
MARTINSBURG, W. VA., April 25, 1864.

[General MAX WEBER:]

Scouts from the front report a force in our front. I have sent messenger to Kearneysville and Duffield's. This force is reported on our right. General Sigel is here; will confer with him.

R. F. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 25, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Martinsburg:

Your report is at hand; thank you for your promptness. I would like you to send me as much cavalry as you can spare, and such as are acquainted with this portion of the country. The troops will report through you. I can give no particular directions regarding the dispositions of your forces. Make such as the safety of your position may require. I expect each day to see General Sigel in person, or to receive from him particular instructions regarding your forces. As soon as received they will at once be forwarded to you.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Harper's Ferry, April 25, 1864.

Colonel R. F. TAYLOR,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Martinsburg:

The written order appointing you to the command of all the forces at Martinsburg and arriving there was sent you to-day. Have it promulgated, and after it is officially known to those under your command, if any refuse to obey your orders, place them at once under arrest.

MAX WEBER,

Brigadier-General.

MARTINSBURG, April 25, 1864.

General STAHEL:

This dispatch is dated Charleston, the 24th,* and we must do everything to comply with it. You will therefore order the Twenty-first New York to advance from Beverly to Pocahontas County, and in the direction of Huntersville. They should go as far as Sulphur Springs, which is northeast of Marlin's Bottom and about 15 miles north of Huntersville. They must rely on what they can find in the country, but should give receipts for everything, undersigned by their commander, which receipts will be honored. They must stay in Pocahontas County for two or three days, and find their way back as good as they can. They must start at once, and the order must be sent to them from Buckhannon, if they cannot be reached by telegraph as far as Beverly, as the telegraph operator has probably left

*See Crook to Sigel, p. 964.

