
tion of the blockade on the Oakland road. I found that it had not been disturbed, except at one place, and that of no importance. I took with me a squad of cavalry and passed through and around the blockade to within 2 miles of the North Branch. It is utterly impossible to make the blockade so effective as to prevent cavalry from reaching the railroad, with very little detention. The blockade is efficient enough against everything but cavalry and infantry. There is nothing new; no enemy seen or heard of, except a flying rumor that a squad of 7 or 8 rebels were in Burlington a few days ago. I was out beyond the Moorefield Junction of Wednesday and 5 miles out old Petersburg road yesterday to get information about the topography, &amp;c., of Hardy from an old county surveyor of the name of Munsing, that I happened to hear of.

Very respectfully, &c.,

G. ELLIS PORTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., DEPT. OF W. VA., Numbers 12. Charleston, W. Va., April 25, 1864.

1. The troops of this command will hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

2. Brigades and regiments will alternate on the march, the ambulances in the rear of their respective regiments. The position of the artillery in the column will be directed by the general commanding. The train will move immediately in rear of the column in the following order: First, ambulances; second, ordnance; third, division, brigade, and regimental teams, in order of the march; fourth, supply train. The whole column to be compact and well closed up.

#. All pillaging and marauding will be severely punished. No officer or soldier will be allowed to enter inclosures on the march, or to sleep at houses, away from their commands at night without special permission from the general commanding.

4. Should it become necessary to subsist the command from the country supplies must be taken in the proper way and by the proper officers. All impressment or destruction of property, either public or private, unless done by proper authority, will be severely punished. All officers who are cognizant of any violation of this order, whether the offender is under his immediate command or not, and not taking the proper measures to bring the offender to punishment, will be held personally responsible.

5. Regimental commanders will see that this order is published to their respective regiments.

By command of Brigadier General George Crook:

JAS. L. BOTSFORD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, April 25, 1864.

Major General F. SIGEL,

Cumberland:

Colonel Frost has just arrived. He reports not quite 2,000 effective men in the five regiments under him. The Two Pennsylvania regiments had not arrived at Parkersburg when he left. The cavalry

