
expected to leave there this morning for Charleston. Colonel Frost reports four of his companies left back at Parkersburg. These regiments falling short of what I expected will change somewhat the plan I gave you a general outline of the other day. I will give you all the details of my plan as soon as all the troops arrive and I have them definitely made.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 25, 1864-3 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

* * * * *

Dispatches* just received from Generals Butler and Peck state that the garrison at Plymouth, after a small loss, surrendered to the rebels on Wednesday, the 20th. No particulars. General Butler says nothing about what he intends to do.

* * * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CULPEPER, VA., April 25, 1864-11.30 p.m.

(Received 1.40 a.m., 26th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I want General Butler to hold New Berne at all hazards, but would prefer him to remove everything from Washington to having our little forces in North Carolina picked up in detail, or to being forced to abandon our offensive operations to defend them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 25, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of April 20 [22], delivered by Captain Shaffer, your aide-de-camp. I think that I understand perfectly from this letter and from the conversation I have had with Captain Shaffer your desires in this present emergency. With regard to this district, in all existing circumstances I consider it necessary only to hold this place, the line of railroad from here to Morehead, Hatteras Inlet, and Roanoke Island. For reasons obvious to yourself these at this time cannot be abandoned. I will at the earliest possible moment send a brigade of not less than four regiments from this district to Fort Monroe.

---------------

*See pp. 279 and 286.

---------------

