
ton, so as to prevent information reaching the enemy of any movement likely to create suspicion.

At daylight on the 30th, the troops commenced the movement, and bivouacked that night on the Trent after a march of 18 miles. The cavalry were advanced during the night and collected at Trenton.

On the 31st, Colonel Baker with his regiment was detached and ordered to move by a circuitous route, so as to reach the railroad at or near Croatan, 10 miles below New Berne, and having destroyed the track and telegraph line, to follow up the railroad and capture the enemy's picket at Evans' Mill, a station on Brice's Creek, 7 miles from New Berne. The artillery and infantry marched 21 miles and bivouacked 12 miles from New Berne. A dark and rainy night and a broken bridge prevented further progress till the moon rose-1. 30 a. m. At this hour the column was again put in motion, but such were the difficulties of the road it was 8 a. m. before coming in sight of the enemy's lines. Several citizens of intelligence and known loyalty, who had been brought in during the night and in the morning, assured me that the fortifications on the south of the Trent were of the most formidable character, deemed by the enemy impregnable, and to be approached only by a bridge over Brice's Creek, a considerable stream, both deep and wide. A reconnaissance made by General Ransom, Colonel Aylett, and myself showed an open plain, varying from 1 mile to 2 miles in breadth, reaching to Brice's Creek; this very deep and about 80 yards wide, with marshy banks, the timber upon which had been cut down, a temporary bridge, on the east bank a block-house and breast-works, behind which a camp; at confluence of creek with Trent River, 1,000 yards distant, a field-work mounting ten guns; 300 yards east another work with eight guns; one-half or three-quarters' of a mile east, near railroad bridge, and about 1 mile from Brice's Creek bridge, another very large work; south on Neuse River, about 2 miles from Brice's Creek bridge, a very large fort for land and river defense; a line of breastworks extending from this west to Brice's Creek, and terminating in a field work 1 mile above the bridge, other works of less importance covering the plain and connecting the forts; on north side of Trent, here 700 yards wide, two field-works commanding those on south side. The plan of operations required me to gain the south bank of Trent River, which was thought to be unprotected by fortifications, in order that my guns planted there should take in reverse the enemy's works between the rivers. Before starting upon the expedition I had made every exertion consistent with secrecy to arrive at accurate information as to this part of the enemy's position, having entertained doubts as to its not being fortified. Scouts and spies deemed reliable had been examined and reported that there were no works there. One in particular, as surveyor of the county and maker of the sketches and maps of the vicinity, upon which we relied, was sent to ascertain the facts. He returned three days before the movement and reported that his maps were correct; that there were no other fortifications than those abandoned by our troops at the capture of New Berne, and that these were constructed to meet an advance from the east and south. Brice's Creek also was represented by him not to exceed 90 feet in breadth. I was therefore unprepared to encounter obstacles so serious, and was forced to the conviction that they were insurmountable by any means at my disposal. Had it even been practicable to carry the fortifications on the south side of Trent, the possession of them would have been useless for the

