
In order to do this it may become necessary to entirely abandon Little Washington. Should this latter, however, be done it will be done very carefully, and every effort will be made to prevent the intention from becoming known to the enemy.

Such regiments as can be spared from this place will be immediately sent to Fort Monroe. Those that can be spared from Washington will be quietly ordered on board of transport to proceed immediately to Fort Monroe, leaving always a sufficient force there to keep up the idea that there is no intention of abandoning the place. The same thing will obtain in other portions of this command, and it is expected that in a few days, a week at most, the four regiments may be quietly embarked for Fort Monroe.

With a small military force and one gun-boat, perhaps Little Washington may be held, and it will not be entirely abandoned until it becomes absolutely certain that it is menaced by a very superior force, and if it be abandoned finally, I hope that the enemy will find nothing to compensate them for its capture. I conceive that with the capture of Plymouth by the rebels, and the abandonment of Washington by our own forces in the present state of affairs, we are as well, if not better, off than we were before. Those places were really in the first place of no value to us, as long as we could hold the mouths of the Roanoke and Tar Rivers. We never held them except by sufferance, and during the last eighteen months the only real object in retaining possession of them was to protect those persons, both white and black, who had sought protection within our line of fortifications, and to prevent small boat expeditions to operate against us in the sounds from being organized at those places. To abandon these places, however, at this time, would necessitate the presence of a sufficient naval force to perfectly guard and watch the operations of the enemy on those rivers and to prevent incursions into the sounds.

Your ideas concerning the sending of every man of these regiments will be strictly complied with.

The matter of relieving and appointing another provost-marshal for this district, the establishing of a provost court, and systematizing of the recruiting service will be attended to without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., April 25, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding Dept. of Va. and N. C., Fort Monroe, Va.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 24th is just received by the hands of Colonel Jourdan. I had two hours previously written you by Captain Shaffer. I am only the more convinced that I perfectly understood your wishes, and from my letter by Captain Shaffer you will, I think, be convinced that I have anticipated them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

