
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AND DIST. OF N. C., Numbers 70. New Berne, N. C., April 25, 1864.

By virtue of Special Orders, Numbers 109, paragraph VI, of the 19th instant, from department headquarters, the undersigned is relieved from the command in North Carolina. Since the order was issued prior to the reception of news of the enemy's operations in the State, he has deemed it his duty to remain so long as the present danger shall continue.

Many of the troops have been in the field from the outbreak of the revolution,* and were with Burnside or Foster at Roanoke, New Berne, Macon, an Goldsborough. Others were with the commanding general at Yorktown, Williamsburg, Fair Oaks, in Seven Days' before Richmond, on the Blackwater, and at Suffolk.

During the past nine months the commands has been small, but very active, and has added New Berne, Batchelder's Creek, Plymouth, and many other names of lesser note to that list already inscribed on the hearts of the American people. Of such officers and men the commanding general is justly proud, and he separates from them with deep and lasting regret.

It is a pleasing reflection that the district will be commanded by General Palmer, an officer of distinguished service, and well acquainted with the condition of affairs in North Carolina.

The occasion is embraced to thank Commander Davenport, the officers and sailors of the navy, as well as the revenue service and Colonel Heaton and the officers of the Treasury Department for that prompt, cordial, and patriotic support which has always been extended to the army.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF NORTH CAROLINA, Numbers 1. New Berne, N. C., April 25, 1864.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 109, paragraph VI, current series, from department headquarters, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of North Carolina.

All existing orders and regulations will remain in force until otherwise ordered.

The officers of the general staff will be announced in future orders.

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS, April 25, 1864.

General PALMER,Commanding:

I know of a spot in the Neuse River that can be blockade so effectually that years of profound peace will be requisite to remove the obstructions. Have I authority to do it? Nothing new this a.m. No enemy near here, and have things so shaped that surprise is not likely.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

---------------

*See Butler to Peck, April 27, p. 1002.

---------------

