
To-morrow I shall begin to load more rapidly. I have six schooners (about 200 tons) now lying at the arsenal, and can load as fast as the ordnance stores arrive. Balch promises by 6th of May to fill the whole requisition and add several 8-inch howitzers. I shall have to take about twenty 4 1/2-inch guns and twenty 30-pounder Parrotts, that being the best the Ordnance Department can do. Captain Benton advises taking as many Parrotts as possible, even as a matter of choice. The trial 4 1/2-inch gun burst after 800 rounds, and he is a little afraid of them.

My two companies, B and M, are now with the regiment, prepared to go with us at a very short notice. I have drawn camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., for the whole regiment, and hope we may all start at the same time, if possible.

I am very glad you agree with me in thinking my entire brigade necessary. Many of the recruits are young and will of course be reduced in numbers by field service. The two regiments have long been associated and will work admirably together. I shall be de-lighted if it can be arranged for Colonel Kellogg to accompany me. You may count on the first line being ready by April 30, with, I think, very considerable additional stores.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

STONY MOUNTAIN, April 26, 1864-10 a.m.

General HANCOCK and

Captain MERRILL:

Three hundred or 400 or the enemy are at work this a.m. on the slope of Clark's Mountain, above Somerville Ford, extending the line of intrenchments diagonally across the mountain. A small party is also digging near Raccoon Ford. Two brigades of infantry have just passed a point behind Raccoon Ford, moving toward Clark's Mountain. The last brigade was followed by two ambulances and two wagons.

TAYLOR.

STONY MOUNTAIN, April 26, 1864-5 p.m.

General HANCOCK and

Captain MERRILL:

The enemy have been unusually active to-day, throwing up earth-works between Raccoon and Somerville Fords and on Clark's Mountain.

TAYLOR.

PONY MOUNTAIN, April 26, 1864-5 p.m.

Captain DAVIS:

All quiet. A small party of the enemy employed on the intrenchments before reported on Clark's Mountain.

McCLOSKEY.

