
MARTINSBURG, April 26, 1864-2 a.m.

(Received 9.10 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Culpeper:

I left Cumberland yesterday, after having made all arrangements for General Crook's command. All the troops sent to him will reach him to-day, the 26th, if nothing extraordinary happens. He telegraphed me that he would not be ready to move before two or three days, which would be on the 28th or 29th. He requested me to advance a small force from Beverly toward Huntersville, which I have done, in ordering the cavalry which was stationed at Beverly, about 300, to Pocahontas County. This involved the necessity of reoccupying Beverly with at least one regiment of infantry, which I intended to send east. It is understood that General Crook will march down from Lewisburg to the railroad, and after having done all the damage he can to return to Lewisburg or to a point between Lewisburg and Staunton.

From all information we have it appears to me that he will be successful, as his forces will be stronger than any force the enemy can concentrate between Lewisburg and the railroad at this moment. Here at martinsburg I have now six regiments of infantry, with three batteries and 700 available cavalry. In two or three days I will have 500 cavalry more. This will then be the force on which I must rely. A party of 150 of our cavalry sent out yesterday met 300 of the enemy this side of Cedar Creek and were beaten back, losing 15 horses and 1 officer. The enemy were of Rosser's command. I will act according to circumstances with the forces I have, and move them forward on the 28th or 29th.

FRANZ SIGEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 22. Cumberland, Md., April 26, 1864.

The following will be the organization of the troops in this department:

The First Infantry Division, Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan commanding, will comprise all the infantry regiments and batteries which may be assigned to him by special orders.

The Second Infantry Division, Brigadier General George Crook commanding, will comprise all the infantry regiments and batteries now under his command and to be assigned to him by special orders.

The First Cavalry Division, Major General Julius Stahel commanding, will comprise all the cavalry formerly under command of Brigadier General W. W. Averell, except the First West Virginia and Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, and will comprise also the Twentieth Pennsylvania, Twenty-second Pennsylvania, Second Maryland, and Fifteenth New York Cavalry.

The Second Cavalry Division, Brigadier General W. W. Averell commanding, will comprise the First West Virginia, Fourteenth Pennsylvania, Fifth West Virginia, Seventh West Virginia, and Eighth Ohio Cavalry; also the cavalry brigade of Brigadier General A. N. Duffie.

These divisions will be forthwith organized into brigades by their respective commanders.

