
The troops stationed and performing guard duty on the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, between the Monocacy and Ohio Rivers, heretofore organized into the First and Second Separate Brigades, will comprise a division to be known as the Reserve Division of this department. Brigadier General Max Weber, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command; headquarters at Harper's Ferry.

By order of Major-General Sigel:

THAYER MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, Numbers 84. Cumberland, Md., April 26, 1864.

I. It having been ascertained that there are in the county of Gilmer, W. Va., 150 persons suffering for the want of the necessaries of life, from the fact that that country is in an impoverished and destitute condition, and to whom issues of subsistence stores are absolutely necessary, the depot commissary at Clarksburg, W. Va., is hereby authorized and directed to make such issues to these persons, or so many of them as require relief from the Government, upon returns approved by the senior officer on duty at that station.

The quartermaster at that station will arrange, so far as practicable, to transport these subsistence stores to some convenient point in Gilmer County, where they will be turned over for distribution to some authorized agent or committee acting for and in behalf of the citizens.

* * * * *

VII. Major General Julius Stahel is hereby relieved from further duty as chief of cavalry, and will proceed to Martinsburg, W. Va., to assume command of the First Infantry Division and of his own (the First Cavalry Division), now there concentrating.

By order of Major General F. Sigel:

T. MELVIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARTINSBURG, April 26, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General STAHEL:

Your dispatch received. Colonel Wilkinson is supposed to be at [Clarksburg]. He is ordered to relieve the Fifty-fourth Pennsylvania by the Sixth Virginia Regiment and the Second Maryland. Brigadier-General Crook will probably not be ready for three or four days on account of the delay of our troops at Parkersburg. Has the Twenty-first [New York] advanced from Beverly, and has the Tenth Virginia Infantry fallen back to Beverly? Will Brigadier-General Sullivan be here soon? I have depended on the arrangements with the Sixth Virginia Cavalry going to Beverly, even if the Fourteenth Pennsylvania should be sent there, became this latter regiment has to join General Crook. It may now be sent to Beverly to re-enforce Colonel Harris. All the dismounted men of the Sixth Virginia should be ordered there at once. The mounted men may follow them after we can spare them. I cannot be responsible for any reverse if we can-

