
accomplishment of our object. In this opinion the brigade commanders fully coincided.

It still remained practicable to make a detour by Evan's Mill, to cross Brice's Creek, but this route would have brought me in front of the same and other fortifications. It had been determined in case of a failure in the attack on the south that my forces should be with drawn to join General Pickett and assault on the west. I was already, by the nearest practicable route, 24 miles from General Pickett. This detour by Evans', while it added nothing to our chances of success, added also 11 miles to the distance between us. Immediately on arriving in front of the works of New Berne I advanced my line of skirmishers close to Brice's Creek. The enemy opened and kept up a fire them during the whole of the 1st and 2nd instant from the works and field batteries. The resistance offered to General Pickett's advance seemed to be so obstinate, as indicated by the long continuance of firing in the same direction, that I deemed it advisable to make a diversion in his favor, and accordingly opened with six rifles upon the block-house and contiguous forts. Having accomplished this object the pieces were withdrawn. The enemy seemed to have suffered much by this fire. He endeavored to throw a force across Brice's Creek, but it was driven back by the line of skirmishers.

Colonel Baker returned at midday on the 1st, having failed to effect a passage across the swamp, assigning the incompetency of his guide and the difficulties of his route, enhanced by the rain and the darkness of the night, as his reasons therefor. He again made the attempt on the night of the 1st, with like results and for the same reasons. On the night of the 2nd, with a small party dismounted, he succeeded, after very great labor in reaching the railroad and telegraph line, which he broke up.

Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy, on the morning of the 1st, ambuscaded a body of the enemy's cavalry, killed 1, wounded several, and took 5 prisoners. On the 2nd he drove in the enemy's pickets near Evans', killing 1 and taking 1 prisoner.

Immediately after reconnoitering the enemy's position I dispatched several messengers, scouts, and couriers to General Pickett, informing him of the posture of affairs and asking instructions, and also endeavoring to open communication with him by means of signals. I received no communication from him until the evening of the 2nd, when he directed me to join him for the purpose of making an assault on his front. I at once proceeded to do so. Having reached Pollocksville, 12 miles on my route, he directed me to fall back to Kinston, which was accordingly done.

My casualties amount to 1 killed and 4 wounded, whose names will be forwarded as soon as received.

I have been delayed in forwarding this report awaiting those of the brigade commanders, only one of which, herewith inclosed, has yet reached me.

The press and common rumor have been kept busy in casting censure upon my course. If my superiors entertain similar opinions, I request that a court of inquiry be called to investigate the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major CHARLES PICKETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

