
but as secretly as it is possible to do it. The guns from all the different forts must be removed and placed on board of transports that will be sent from here.

The First North Carolina (Union) Volunteers, under the command of its second officer, please to send to this place immediately by the Thomas Collyer.

We do not propose to destroy a particle of property of any description, as this movements is not being made in face of the enemy, as I do not think at this time they are near you, and this step is taken for the simple reason that Washington is of no strategic importance, and that Washington is of no strategic importance, and that it is not worth the expense which is required to hold it. We must recollect, however, general, that many persons, both white and black, have sought refuge within your lines, and they must not be abandoned. At the proper time, of which time you must be the best judge, you must notify all these people of your intention and give them the opportunity to leave for this place, if they desire it.

As to the best manner of removing the troops, I shall leave that to be settled between yourself and Colonel Dutton, chief of staff, who will carry this dispatch to you. It may be that it will be better to march troops from Washington across the country to this place after the ammunition, ordnance stores, &amp;c., have been removed by the transports.

A forced march could perhaps move the whole garrison from that place to this in one night. You must, however, if possible, keep up the idea that there is no intention of evacuating Washington, and even after the guns and stores have all been removed a small force must be kept in the works, and they will hold them and the town, unless menaced by a very superior force, and then they can withdraw quietly to a gun-boat which will be left there, thus leaving nothing for the enemy if they come and take possession.

Keep your flags flying at the works, and I beg that you will select for those to remain until the last what you consider your most reliable troops, say 200 or 250 men, and place Colonel McChesney in command of them.

Colonel Dutton will explain to you all of my views, and he will, I am sure, render you all the assistance in his power. Much has to be left to your own good judgment, and it is therefore impossible to [give] any more particular instructions. It is my impression that the only work that it will be necessary to demolish is the little island fort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C., Numbers 116. Fort Monroe, Va., April 26, 1864.

* * * * *

V. By direction of the lieutenant-general commanding Armies of the United States, Brigadier General James H. Ledlie, U. S. Volunteers, will report to the headquarters Army of the Potomac for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

