HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,April 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General TORBERT,

Commanding First Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Agreeable to instructions of the general commanding, you will, to-morrow morning, send a brigade from your division on a reconnaissance to Madison Court-House. It has been reported that there is a force of infantry at Wolftown belonging to Longstreet's corps, and the general desires further efforts to ascertain if this report is true. He also desires to ascertain if the cavalry reported at Madison Court-House is a strong party. Great care will have to be taken by the officer in charge of this reconnaissance in the crossing of the river; only sufficient force to determine whether the cavalry is strong at the Court-House should cross the river. The object of the expedition is simply a reconnaissance. If you think there is much cavalry down the river toward Locust Dale, two additional regiments should afterward be sent out to James City as a support. Send also a signal officer with this party to take a look with a good glass from Thoroughfare Mountain. These instructions will supersede all others given. The signal officer will go with the brigade ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,April 27, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff, Cavalry Corps:

Colonel Taylor, at Morrisville, reports all quiet in that section. He forwards a report from commanding officer at Grove Church that he learned from citizens who have taken the oath that there were 6,000 rebel cavalry at Fredericksburg on the 26th; that Longstreet's force is at Gordonsville. Colonel Taylor asks permission to send 100 men on a scout to Falmouth to obtain information.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

(Copy to General Humphreys.)

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 27, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a.m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR:

The cavalry will start at daylight, and the infantry at noon to-morrow.

R. O. TYLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

