
The force of the enemy appears to have been 150 cavalry, chiefly armed with sabers and pistols.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

FERDINAND VAN DERVEER,

Colonel Commanding Thirty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers.

Brigadier General ALBIN SCHOEPF,

Commanding First Brigade Kentucky Volunteers.

No. 3. Reports of Brigadier General F. K. Zollicoffer, D. S. Army.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Mill Springs, Ky., December 2, 1861.

SIR: Yesterday, with a small detachment of infantry and cavalry, I proceeded to reconnoiter from the left bank a camp of the enemy, 9 miles above, on the right bank of the river. Many of their tents were in full view, and they came out and fired on us whit small-arms and one 12-pounder howitzer. We returned the fire, but the distance was too great for our guns to get of material service. To-day I took up four pieces of artillery and soon shelled them out of their encampment, causing them to strike tents precipitately and retire out of sight. I doubt whether they have more than one regiment there.

Captain Sheliha, with a scouting party, has examined Creelsborough and Burkesville, lower down the river, and reports three regiments of the enemy at the former and a small force at the latter, both on the right bank.

One of our picket parties reports a small force also at Rowena, on the same side of the river.

The river is now very high. I am now building transports to enable me to cross, but I fear there will be several days' delay.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Mill Springs, Ky., December 9, 1861.

SIR: Having been disappointed in having ferry-boats captured by the force sent on the advance with that object, I have had to have boats built, and have been much delayed in crossing the Cumberland River. Five regiments, seven cavalry companies, and four pieces of artillery are now across. The position on both sides of the ferry is naturally strong, and I am rapidly strengthening the defenses on the right bank. The whole force with me is seven and one-half regiments, eighteen cavalry companies, and one 6-pounder battery of eight guns.

There is a force of the enemy at Columbia, the strength of which I am not able to ascertain. Three regiments of it were at Creelsborough, 18 miles above burkesville, ten days ago. It is certain that there are now not less than five regiments at Somerset, possibly more.

On the 1st I reconnoitered from the left bank a camp of the enemy,

