
from which point we fired 59 rounds of shot and shell; in all, 66 rounds fired by my battery. I have no casualties of any kind to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. KENNY, JR.,

Commanding Battery C, First Ohio Artillery.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Department of the Ohio.

No. 15. Congratulatory order from the President.

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 22, 1862.

The President, Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, has received information of a brilliant victory by the United States forces over a large body of armed traitors and rebels at Mill Springs, in the State of Kentucky. He returns thanks to the gallant officers and soldiers who won that victory, and when the official reports shall be received the military and personal valor displayed in battle will be acknowledged and rewarded in a fitting manner.

The courage that encountered and vanquished the greatly superior numbers of the rebel force, pursued and attacked them in their entrenchments, and paused not until the enemy was completely routed, merits and receives commendation.

The purpose of this war is to attack, pursue, and destroy a rebellious enemy, and to deliver the country from danger menaced by traitors. Alacrity, daring, courageous spirit, and patriotic zeal on all occasions and under every circumstance are expected from the Army of the United States. In the prompts and spirited movements and daring battle of Mill Springs the nation will realize its hopes, and the people of the United States will rejoice to honor every soldier and officer who proves his courage by charging with the bayonet and storming entrenchments, or in the blaze of the enemy's fire.

By order of the President

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 16. Report of General A. Sidney Johnston, C. S. Army, commanding the Western Department.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., January 22, 1862.

The following dispatch just received from Nashville

General Crittenden, with eight regiments of infantry and six pieces of artillery, attacked the enemy on Sunday morning, 19th instant, 7 o'clock, in strong position on Fishing Creek, 11 miles from Mill Springs. the attack was repulsed by superior numbers, and a disorderly retreat commenced after General Zollicoffer fell. The enemy followed to our breastworks and commenced shelling the camp on the right bank of the Cumberland River, which was abandoned during the night, with the loss of our artillery, ammunition, cavalry horses, teams, and camp equipments. the command is in full retreat towards Knoxville. Loss, killed and wounded on our side, about 500.

V. SHELIHA,

Captain, on Staff of General Crittenden.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, Commanding.

To J. P. BENJAMIN.

