
No. 17. Reports of Major General George B. Crittenden, C. S. Army, commanding division.
HEADQUARTERS, Beech Grove, Ky., January 18, 1862.

SIR: I am threatened by a superior force of the enemy in front, and finding it impossible to cross the river, I will have to make the fight on the ground I now occupy.

If you can do so, I would ask that a diversion be made in my favor.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the West.
HEADQUARTERS, Monticello, Ky., January 20, 1862.

SIR: On the night of the 18th [at 12 midnight] I moved my force from Beech Grove and attacked the enemy [in position about 9 or 10 miles from camp] at 7 o'clock the next morning. After a very severe fight of three hours I was compelled to retire, and reoccupied my entrenchments. The enemy advanced the same evening and opened their batteries upon us.

Finding it was impossible to remain where I was, I crossed my command to the south side of the river by a steamboat on the night of the 19th.

I am now on my march to Celina or some other point on the Cumberland River where I can communicate with Nashville. The country is entirely destitute of provisions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the West, Bowling Green, Ky.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, January 26, 1862.

SIR: I arrived at this place* this afternoon, via Livingston, at which place I remained one day. My marches were slow, and during the time nothing was heard that was reliable of the enemy being on this side of the river. On the contrary, information has been brought me that the enemy moved towards Columbia immediately after the battle. I am unable just yet to send a correct report, but I do not think my loss exceeded 300 killed and wounded. A good many men have left me on account of the country through which I have passed being the homes of a good portion of two regiments. I will in a few days, however, have them all together, when I will proceed at once to reorganize them. I

---------------

*Gainesborough.

---------------

