
would ask that the orders which I have given on the quartermasters and commissaries at Nashville be approved.

I await your orders at this point.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters, Bowling Green, Ky.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS, Gainesborough, Tenn., January 29, 1862.

SIR: I would most respectfully state that on the morning of the 19th of this month, at 12 o'clock, I moved from our entrenchments, on the north side of Cumberland River, and attacked the enemy in position about 10 miles from camp. The battle commenced about 7 a.m. and lasted until 10.30 a.m. the same day. The enemy had a superior force to my own, although the information in my possession previous to the battle was that their strength was a little less, or about equal. Re-enforcements were added to them during the engagement. After three and a half hours hard fighting my forces yielded to the overpowering numbers of the enemy, and, retiring, occupied our entrenchments the same afternoon. The enemy pursued me in force and established their batteries in front of my position. The range of their guns being superior to ours, together with the scarcity of provisions, and none to be had in the country, I deemed it advisable the same evening to cross the river, and took up my line of march for this place. From all the information in my possession the enemy's loss in killed and wounded was greater than ours. We lost in killed and wounded not exceeding 300.

The enemy sought evidently to combine their forces stationed at Somerset and Columbia, and, when such junction was made, to invest my entrenchments. I deemed it proper, therefore, to make an attack before the junction could be effected, feeling confident, from the reports of the cavalry pickets, made at a late hour, that the waters of Fishing Creek were so high as to prevent them from uniting. My information in that respect was correct.

A heavy rain occurred during the progress of the engagement, and in consequence a great many of the flint-lock muskets in the hands of my men became almost unserviceable.

I am pained to make report of the death of Brigadier General F. K. Zollicoffer, who fell while gallantly leading his brigade against the foe. In his fall the country has sustained a great loss. In counsel he has always shown wisdom, and in battle braved dangers, while coolly directing the movements of his troops.

I will as soon as possible reorganize my command. Supplies, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., are coming to me daily from Nashville by steamboat.

In a few days I will make a report more in detail.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.

To the ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL, Richmond, Va.

