
men retired with him. A portion of the left wing remained with Major Rice, continuing to fight with the Sixteenth Alabama until both were driven back by superior numbers.

JANUARY 28-FEBRUARY 2, 1862.-Operations near Greensburg and Lebanon, Ky.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Captain John H. Morgan, Kentucky Cavalry [Confederate].

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel T. C. H. Smith, First Ohio Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Captain John H. Morgan, Kentucky Cavalry [Confederate].

CAMP ASH, February 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, as per instructions, I started from camp 28th ultimo, with 9 men and a guide.

First night crossed Barren and Green Rivers, and stopped at a house about 8 miles from Green River; remained all next day, fearing of being seen traveling in daylight; were within 10 miles of Greensburg; rained day and night. Next evening at 6 o'clock started in the direction of Lebanon. Creeks risen so much that it was impossible to reach Mrs. Sanders' that night; tried to cross one stream, and came very near losing both horse and rider.

Put up that night at Daniel Williams', which was about 6 miles of Greensburg and 10 miles from top of Muldraugh's Hill.

Started by day; met negro owned by Lincoln man, L. Thurman; took him along to pilot us through the creek, as the ford was dangerous; stopped at L. Thurman's house; told him we were Government troops, on our way to Lebanon, carrying dispatches from General Buell, and wanted a pilot to take us around a little town [Saloma], which was upon the main road, and which we wished to avoid; he told me to take his negro and keep him as long as we required his services, and wished us a safe trip. About 10 o'clock reached the turnpike leading from Lexington through Lebanon, Campbellsville, Greensburg, and Columbia, the road upon which all their troops and transportation pass. At the point we struck the pike was a large log church, and occupying it was a party of men, in the employ of Government, building telegraph to Columbus. The building had a large quantity of stores and telegraph implements, and a large quantity of mess pork, beans, crackers, flour, soap, sugar, coffee, candles, and stores of various kinds; close around the building were three United States wagons of the stores, and proceeded down pike in direction of Lebanon. Stopped at Mrs. Sanders' a few moments, and learned that a large party were guarding the bridge over Rolling Fork; that a few sick were at Campbellsville, and a portion of two regiments at Greensburg, and a large force at Columbia; took 1 man and proceeded within about 8 miles of Lebanon; returned to the church and took dinner with prisoners.

While dining, two soldiers were passing along the pike; took them.

