
Remained at building until 2 o'clock; set fire to building; remained until all the wagons and house were consumed; then took main road which leads to Glasgow, passed through Saloma, a little town about 3 miles from pike; took 2 soldiers and 1 lieutenant prisoners; stopped a few moments at Summersville; took another Federal prisoner, who belonged to Colonel Hobson's regiment, at Greensburg. Captain Twyman had just passed through that place with 40 men. Reached Green River about 5 o'clock; found it out of its bank and a large quantity of drift running; had to go up the river about 2 miles to get a boat, which was owned by a Lincoln man named Montgomery; he took us for Federals, as we had so many Federal uniforms, and came over; made one trip, and had crossed half over with another, when he discovered who we were; it seems that one of our prisoners was a private in Montgomery's son-in-law's company; he ran the boat among some leaning trees, and came near raking all the horses overboard; succeeded in getting one over [which was lost]. Directly the boat touched shore he and his negroes ran off, leaving the boat loose. The night being so very dark, it was impossible to shoot them. Some of the men caught the boat and brought it over, and the rest of us succeeded in getting across. We then set it adrift.

Staid that night at Barnett's, near the river. Started at day; crossed Barren River at Brewersburg; it was os high that it was impossible to cross any lower down; reached Glasgow near night; remained until this morning, both men and horses being nearly worn-out.

At the church we captured 8 horses; at one stage took 3 that were used in carrying the mail, and upon our way home took 3 more, which

we rode to relieve the ones we had been riding; as we needed the horses in my command, I distributed them among the men.

The man Short, who was a lieutenant, is a man of very bad character; was a leader among the Home Guards last summer, and assisted in stopping goods going South at the very town where we captured him. He, last September, captured me and two loads of jeans I was taking South; he then headed a party of about 30 Home Guards, and kept me part of three days at the church. We also took a negro which was in the Government employ, and is still in my possession.

Respectfully,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Squadron.

Brigadier-General HINDMAN.

No. 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel T. C. H. Smith, First Ohio Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST OHIO CAVALRY, Near Lebanon, Ky., January 31, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that at 4 p.m. of the 29th I learned of the depredations of a party of the enemy on the turnpike 12 miles below Lebanon. I started immediately with two companies and pursued them to Vaughn's Ferry, about 24 miles from our camp, reaching that point about midnight. They had crossed the river some hours before in the ferry-boat and set the boat adrift. There was no skiff or

