
other means to cross the river there with dismounted men, and I left Company E, Captain Eggleston, with orders to wait until early daylight, and if any means could be found to cross the river safely to do so, and marched with the other company [B, Captain Laughlin] to Greensburg, hoping to find a boat on which the river could be passed with mounted men.

We arrived there about 5 p.m., and were informed that there was no boat there. By Colonel Hobsn's active exertions a flat was found below the town some distance, bailed out, and put in order by 9 a.m., but it was then too late to give any reasonable probability of reaching the enemy. We had marched 34 miles, most of the distance over very rugged roads and through darkness, and the flat could pass at most but 6 mounted men at a time, requiring four hours and a half without accident to pass the company, with a retreat hazardous, for the same reason that made a further advance promise to be fruitless. I was compelled by these reasons to abandon any further pursuit and returned. I sent orders to Captain Eggleston previously to return if he found no means to cross the river.

The officers and men throughout the march were ready for any exertion for advance and in good discipline.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 2, 1862.-Skirmish in Morgan County, Tennessee.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel D. Leadbetter, C. S. Army.

No. 2.-Lieutenant Colonel J. W. White, First Tennessee Cavalry.

No. 1. Letter of Colonel D. Leadbetter, C. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Knoxville, Tenn., February 5, 1862.

SIR: I send herewith an extract from a report of Lieutenant-Colonel White, First Regiment Tennessee Cavalry, from which it appears that a part of that regiment had a skirmish with the traitors of Scott and Morgan counties on Sunday, the 2nd instant, capturing 1 prisoner, 4 horses, 2 Minie muskets, and 1 navy revolver, killing the enemy's leader [Duncan] and perhaps 5 others. I inclose herewith some papers found on the body of Duncan.*

The cavalry, while expecting orders to join General Crittenden, have been directed to scour the counties of Scott, Morgan, and Campbell, for the purpose of putting down rebellion, as well as to give prompt notice of any forward movement of the enemy's army. Half of the company of snappers and miners, organized by Major Lea, has been ordered to Cumberland Gap, while the other half, protected by the cavalry, will endeavor to obstruct the passed leading through the mountains

---------------

*See note on p.119.

---------------

