
equipage, &amp;c. The prisoners taken are General Tilghman and staff, Captain Taylor and company, and the sick. The garrison, I think, must have commenced their retreat last night or at an early hour this morning. Had I not felt it an imperative necessity to attack Fort Henry to-day I should have made the investment complete and delayed until to-morrow, as to have secured the garrison. I do not now believe, however, that the result would have been any more satisfactory.

The gunboats have proved themselves well able to resist a severe cannonading. All the iron-clad boats received more or less shots-the flag-ship some 28-without any serious damage to any except the Essex. This vessel received one shot in her boiler that disabled her, killing and wounding some 32 men, Captain Porter among the wounded.

I shall take and destroy Fort Donelson on the 8th and return to Fort Henry with the forces employed, unless it looks feasible to occupy that place with a small force that could retreat easily to the main body. I shall regard it more in the light of an advance grand guard than as a permanent post.

Fort the character of the works at Fort Henry I will refer you to reports of the engineers, which will be required.

Owing to the intolerable state of the roads no transportation will be taken to Fort Donelson and but little artillery, and that with double teams.

Hoping that what has been done will meet the approval of the major-general commanding the department, I remain, &c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Saint Louis, Mo.

[Inclosure.]

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 1. Camp in Field, near Fort Henry, February 5, 1862.

The First Division, General J. A. McClernand commanding, will move at 11 o'clock a.m. to-morrow, under the guidance of Lieutenant-Colonel McPherson, and take a position on the roads from Fort Henry to Fort Donelson and Dover. It will be the special duty of this command to prevent all re-enforcements to Fort Henry or escape from it, also to be held in readiness to charge and take Fort Henry by storm promptly on the receipt of orders. Two brigades of the Second Division, General C. F. Smith commanding, will start at the same hour from the west bank of the river, and take and occupy the heights commanding Fort Henry. This point will be held by so much artillery as can be made available and such other troops as in the opinion of the general commanding Second Division may be necessary for its protection. The Third Brigade, Second Division, will advance up the east bank of the Tennessee River as fast as can be securely done, and be in readiness to charge upon the fort or move to the support of the First Division, as may be necessary. All the forces on the west bank of the river not required to hold the heights commanding Fort Henry will return to their transports, cross to the east bank, and follow the First Division as rapidly as possible. The west bank of the Tennessee River not having been reconnoitered, the commanding officer intrusted with taking possession of the enemy's works there will proceed with great caution, and obtain such information as can be gathered and such guides as can be found in the time intervening before 11 o'clock to-morrow.

The troops will move with two days' rations of bread and meat in

