
each battery. These will defend the batteries to the last, the cannoneers having only to attend to the working of the guns.

In forming encampments for the troops, commanders of brigades will strictly observe the following instructions, viz

1st. The artillery will be placed in the most commanding positions, at all times giving it as wide a range as possible.

2nd. Adequate support must always be given to the batteries, and for this purpose the infantry camps should be suitably arranged.

3rd. In the absence of commanding positions for the artillery within the limits of the camp it will be placed centrally, so as to be protected by infantry in front and rear had on the flanks. In the latter case the guns will not be unlimbered.

4th. Cavalry not on picket or other duty will be kept in the rear.

5th. In all cases practicable infantry camps will be formed, so as to facilitate an immediate formation in line of battle before the encampment and fronting the enemy.

6th. Public roads and other means of communication must not be obstructed by encampments or baggage trains.

7th. Requisitions and returns for provisions and forage must be made in due form, approved by brigade commanders, and correspond with the showing of the proper reports.

8th. Commanders of brigades are expressely enjoined to punish all deprecators upon the persons or property of peaceful citizens-such deprecators being members of their commands. In short, as an assurance of success, the utmost discipline and most perfect subordination are required and expected.

Having disembarked at Intra Landing and sent out Lieutenant Freeman and Captain Schwartz to select suitable ground for encamping my division; having also sent forward a detachment of cavalry to reconnoiter toward the enemy, and having gone forward with Captain Stewart of my staff, for the same purpose, you came up, and upon my return and in view of the fuller information you had obtained, ordered the reembarkation of my division, preparatory to a second disembarkation nearer Fort Henry at a more favorable point.

By 10 o'clock, and before the transports bearing any other of our troops had come in sight, preceded by myself and staff, my division had reached Bailey's Ferry, 4 miles below Fort Henry, and by 3 o'clock p.m. had all disembarked on the Tennessee shore. In the mean time a loyal citizen, being the proprietor of a neighboring farm house, informed me that mounted pickets of the enemy had been posted hard by, where some of them had been seen about the time of our landing. Corroborative of this report, upon my return to our transports I observed several mounted pickets of the enemy on the opposite or Kentucky shore of the river. A shot or two from the carbine of one of my orderlies, followed by a shell from one of the gunboats, dispersed not only them, but another party of the enemy in sight farther up the river. Immediately after I ordered an inland movement, which served both as a reconnaissance in force and as an occupation of the neighboring hills.

At this time the Fourth Illinois Cavalry [Colonel Dickey], which had been disembarked at Patterson's Ferry, 13 miles above Paducah, had not joined us, in consequence of heavy rains and miry roads; but making the most of my means, I ordered a small cavalry force to reconnoiter toward the fort, which, soon encountering the enemy's pickets, drove them back. While this was going on my infantry and artillery had moved inland, and, occupying the crest of a range of hills running parallel with and near the river, bivouacked in line of battle, prepared to meet any emergency. The formation of the hills and the disposition of my forces of all arms relatively to the hills and the disposition of my forces of all arms relatively to the hills, the river, and the enemy are illustrated by the diagram herewith inclosed.*

A reconnaissance made the same evening by myself and staff convinced me of the expediency of sending forward a battery, supported by at least two regiments of infantry, to command the road leading to Fort

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

