
River at 6 o'clock Thursday night, December 5. Crossed 6 men, 4 of whom were to dash through Munfordville and take a position upon the turnpike leading to Bacon Creek, 4 miles from town, to prevent any information being carried to the enemy's pickets, the other 2 to take position in the town and remain until the command has crossed the river. When they got into the town saw several men armed, 2 whose names were Berry Eaton and Luther Shackleford, who it seems had just returned from [the] Federal camp, where they hams been to take a Southern-rights man, whom they had captured. My advance guard discovered them and ordered them to given up their guns. they dismounted, one immediately firing both barrels of his gun at my men, who returned the fire without doing any execution. The 2 men who were left in town caught one of the horses, which is now in my camp.

Reached Bacon Creek bridge at 9 o'clock. Found it in perfect order, with the exception of one rail, which was lying ready to be laid. There were five columns of uprights. All were completely burned, with the exception of the one which was in the creek. The bridge is a complete ruin.

The command left Bacon Creek at 1.05 o'clock. The rear guard of 4 men remained until within a few minutes of 3 o'clock.

General McCook's advance is at Upton's, his main body a short distance this side of Nolin. Was informed by Union men that the bridge on Rolling Fork has been washed away, entirely interrupting rail communication with Louisville.

On my way to Green River met a wagon loaded with goods purchased in Louisville. Had it guarded until my return. The wagon was claimed by Mrs. Ritter, who had purchased the goods with which it was loaded. Mrs. Ritter is believed by the people of that neighborhood to be an employed of the enemy. Upon my return, finding that a portion of the goods were to be delivered in Bowling Green, I released the wagon. One of my houses becoming exhausted, left it at Ritter's, and mounted the man upon one of his.

Upon the morning of the 7th one of my men was disabled from the accidental discharge of his gun. Reached camp at 11 a. m. December 7.

Respectfully, &amp;.,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Squadron.

General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding Division.

DECEMBER 5-8, 1861. -Scout in vicinity of Russellville, Ky.

Report of Captain I. F. Harrison, Mississippi Cavalry.

WIRT ADAMS' CAVALRY,

Camp Hardee, December 8, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report to Major-General Hardee, commanding, the result of my scout in the vicinity of Russellville

Pursuant to instructions I left Bowling Green at midnight on the 5th instant, with a command of 45 men of this regiment, and reached Rusellville at 2.30 a. m. on the 6th. Here I was determined three hours, procuring horses for my men. Upon procuring a mount I started to join Captain Pope, who had engaged the enemy the day before. I came

