
huts and tents-Captain Stewart, of my staff, being temporarily assigned to the command of the main fort.

Although the letter of your order required the halting of my column near the junction of the Dover and Bailey's Ferry roads, some 2 miles from the fort, in view of the information already referred to I did not deem it within its spirit to do so, and accordingly pressed on, as already mentioned, having accomplished a march of near 8 miles in four hours and a half, over the worst possible roads, cutting a portion of them through woods and bridging several streams made too deep for fording by recent rains.

Upon entering the fort it was found to have been defended by seventeen heavy and effective guns, well mounted, and so disposed as to command both river and land approaches. The whole number of guns taken, including the six field pieces brought in as before mentioned, amount to twenty-three. The fortifications are extensive, and afford evidence of a high degree of engineering skill and great labor. Their hasty surrender without a more protracted struggle can only be accounted for by the terrible cannonade from our gunboats and their apprehension of being cut off from retreat by the rapid advance of our land forces.

The casualties in my command, except those already recounted, were chiefly confined to the loss and injury of animals and other property, and are chargeable to the desperate condition of the roads.

The gallant and successful attack made by the gunboats under Flag-Officer Foote is worthy to challenge our warmest admiration, and reflects the highest credit upon him and all the officers and men of his command who participated in it. The success of the Mississippi River fleet in this signal instance triumphantly demonstrates the efficiency of that arm of the public service. As a just tribute to distinguished merit I have the honor to announce the name of Fort Henry has been changed to Fort Foote, by an order formally published by me to that effect.

Of my own command it is my duty as well as my pleasure to say that both officers and men did their whole duty with the most commendable spirit and alacrity. It was the first of the land forces to enter the fort, and I may truly say for them it is their greatest regret that circumstances beyond their control prevented them from accomplishing their greatest desire, which was to cut off the enemy's retreat and force him to fight or surrender.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District of Cairo.

No. 5. Report of General A. Sidney Johnston, C. S. Army, commanding Western Department.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Bowling Green, Ky., February 8, 1862.

SIR: No reliable particulars of the loss of Fort Henry have yet reached me. This much, however, is known, that nearly all of the force at Fort Henry retreated to Fort Donelson, and it is said that General Tilghman and about 80 officers and men surrendered in the fort.

The capture of that fort by the enemy gives them the control of the

