
No. 10. Report of Colonel A. Heiman, Tenth Tennessee Infantry.

RICHMOND, VA., August 11, 1862.

SIR: Inclosed herewith please find my report in regard to the bombardment and surrender of Fort Henry. I prepared this report at Fort Donelson immediately after the fall of Fort Henry, but my imprisonment after the surrender of the troops at Fort Donelson prevented me from forwarding it to the proper authorities before now. I have now the honor to submit it to you my high regards.

Your most obedient servant,

A. HEIMAN,

Colonel Tenth Tennessee Regiment.

Adjutant-General COOPER.

[Inclosure.]

FORT DONELSON, TENN., February 8, 1862.

In the absence of General Tilghman, who is a prisoner in the hands of the enemy, being next in command of his division, it becomes my duty, and I have the honor, to submit to you the following report in regard to the bombardment and surrender of Fort Henry and the subsequent retreat of its garrison to Fort Donelson

The armament of the fort consisted of ten 32-pounders, two 42-pounders, two 12-pounders, one 24-pounder rifled gun, and one 10-inch columbiad. The garrison consisted of my regiment, Tenth Tennessee, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel MacGavock; the Fourth Mississippi, Colonel Drake; two companies of the Third Alabama Battalion, Major Garvin; a company of artillery, commanded by Captain Taylor; one company of Forrest's cavalry, Captain Milner, and 40 mounted men, acting Captain Milton, stationed as picket and rocket guard at Bailey's Landing, 3 miles below the fort; Captain Culbertson's light battery [four 6-pounders and one 6-pounder rifled gun], amounting in all to an aggregate of 1,885 men.

The heights on the opposite side of the river, with the unfinished works of Fort Heiman, were occupied by the Twenty-seventh Alabama Regiment, Colonel Hughes; the Fifteenth Arkansas, Colonel Gee; two companies of Alabama cavalry, commanded by Captains Hubbard and Houston, and an unorganized company of 40 men, kentucky cavalry, Captain Padgett, and a section of a light battery, commanded by Lieutenant Hankinicz,* amounting in all to 1,100 men.

At Paris Landing, 5 miles above the fort, the Forty-eighth Tennessee, Colonel Voorhies, and the Fifty-first Tennessee, Colonel Browder, were stationed. These were skeleton regiments, containing together not more than 400 men.

With the exception of the Tenth Tennessee and the Fourth Mississippi these were all new troops, who had just entered the service. They were not drilled, were badly equipped, and very indifferently armed with shot-guns and Tennessee rifles. None of the cavalry had either sabers or pistols, and were only partly armed with double-barreled shot-guns; no other equipments whatever. There was much sickness among the new troops, so that the forces for the defense of Forts Henry and

---------------

*Reference is probably to P. K. Stankieuriz, who succeeded Captain Jesse Taylor in command of battery.

---------------

