
[CHAP. XVII.

ordered a charge upon the left (enemy's right) with the division under General C. F. Smith, which was most brilliantly executed, and gave to our arms full assurance of victory. The battle lasted until dark, giving us possession of part of the entrenchments. An attack was ordered from the other flank after the charge by General Smith was commenced by the divisions under Generals McClernand and Wallace, which, notwithstanding the hours of exposure to a heavy fire in the forepart of the day, was gallantly made, and the enemy further repulsed. At the points thus gained, night having come on, all the troops encamped for the night, feeling that a complete victory would crown their labors at an early hour in the morning.

This morning at a very hour a note was received from General S. B. Buckner, under a flag of truce, proposing an armistice, &amp;c. A copy of the correspondence which ensued is herewith accompanying.

I cannot mention individuals who specially distinguished themselves, but leave that to division and brigade commanders, whose reports will Generals McClernand, Smith, and Wallace, I must do the justice to say that each of them were with their commands in the midst of danger, and were always ready to execute all orders, no matter what the exposure to themselves. At the hour the attack was made on General McClernand's command I was absent, having receive a note from Flag-Officer Foote requesting me to go and see him, he being unable to call, in consequence of a wound received the day before.

My personal staff, Colonel J. D. Webster, chief of staff; Colonel J. Riggin, jr., volunteer aide; Captain J. A. Rawlins, assistant adjutant-general; Capts. C. B. Lagow and W. S. Hillyer, aides, and Lieutenant Colonel J. B. McPherson, chief engineer, all are deserving of personal mention for their gallantry and service.

For full details see reports of engineers, medical directors, and commanders of brigades and divisions, to follow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Missouri.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Donelson, February 16, 1862.

SIR: In consideration of all the circumstances governing the present situation of affairs at this station I propose to the commanding officers of the Federal forces the appointment of commissioners to agree upon terms of capitulation of the forces and post under my command, and in that view suggest an armistice until 12 o'clock to-day.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Forces near Fort Donelson.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Donelson, February 16, 1862.

Major Cosby will take or send by an officer to the nearest picket of the enemy the accompanying communication to General Grant, and re-

