
ing the determination to resist our farther progress. Major Mudd having driven back the enemy's cavalry, held its support in check until the arrival of the advanced guard, under Major George A. Bacon, of the Thirtieth Regiment, which instantly formed to resist the threatened attack. Detachments of the enemy still hovering upon the hills in front, the First Brigade was formed in the open fields, while the Second and Third Brigades as they arrived were also formed within supporting distances.

Retiring temporarily from our view while our advance in line was cautiously continued to the right, a large body of the enemy's cavalry again appeared, and, disputing our progress, made a vigorous and determined attack upon our grand guard, but were so promptly met in front that they fell back and attempted by a flank movement to cut it off timely support. This attempt, however, was completely foiled by the timely support afforded by the Eighth Regiment and Lieutenant Gumbart's battery, which, throwing a shell into the enemy's ranks, hastened his flight towards his entrancements. This encounter, in which Major Bacon displayed admirable skill and courage, resulted in considerable loss on the part of the enemy, and of 1 killed and 4 wounded of the grand guard.

Coming up shortly after (about 2 o'clock p. m.), you advised me of the approach of the Second Division, under command of General C. F. Smith, which you had directed to be disposed on my left, in front of the right of the enemy's works, directing me to continue my advance so as to cover the left of the enemy's works in the direction of the town of Dover, lying on the Cumberland River. Preparatory to this movement I caused a hasty reconnaissance to be made to the Indian Creek road, on my right, which I found open to an advance by the enemy, and in the mean time caused the Third and Second Brigades, in the same order, to ascend the range of steep hills which overlook the center and right of the enemy's works, and to form in order of battle on the left of the First Brigade. This disposition brought the First and Second Divisions within supporting distance, and inclosed the enemy within a continually contracting line. The artillery having been brought to the crest of the hills, Colonel Oglesby advanced his right upon the Indian Creek road towards the enemy's center, and, arriving at a point where it descends into the valley of the Indian Creek, we came i full view of the enemy's tents on the opposite hill. Along the valley and upon the wooded hills inclosing it the enemy were observed in strong force. Colonel Oglesby, having ordered up a howitzer from Schwartz's battery to the brow of the hill upon which a portion of my line still rested, a spirited fire was opened, but the distance proved too great for effective service. To obviate this deficiency, Captain Dresser was ordered to bring forward one of his James rifled pieces, which, opening a well-directed fire, drove the enemy in haste from his tents and cleared the ground in front for a further advance, which was instantly made by the grand guard, led by Major Bacon, and followed by the First Brigade.

Having thus gained a nearer approach to the enemy's center, Colonel Oglesby again deployed the Eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first into line of battle, and over forward in front of the enemy's works a half mile to the right, throwing forward the Eighteenth across a hill in the same direction. This movement, which was boldly and rapidly executed by Colonel Lawler, brought his regiment within hearing of officers directing the preparation of a battery designed to open a fire upon him in the morning. A timely change of the position of his regiment avoided this result. Colonel Wallace, moving forward the Second

