
[CHAP. XVII.

Brigade, formed it into line on the left of the First. The Third Brigade was formed into liner on the left of the Second, and in this order my division rested for the night upon its arms.

At daylight on the morning of the 13th the enemy opened fire from a battery in his middle redan, numbered 2, upon the right of my line. Regaining from returning the fire, in compliance with your order to avoid everything calculated to bring on a general engagement until otherwise directed, it was continued, with the aggravation of a fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, for an hour and a half. At the expiration of this time, deeming it within the spirit of your order, which required me, while acting on the defensive, to preserve my line and hold my ground, I ordered the fire to be returned. For this purpose Dresser's battery was brought to a position near the left of the Eighteenth, and opposite redan Numbers 2, and opened a fire upon it, which in a few minutes silenced the opposing battery. While this was going on two companies of Colonel Noble's Second Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Dickey's cavalry, and Lieutenant Powell, with two companies of regular cavalry, made a further reconnaissance to the right and the enemy's works at Dover, and reporting the fact, my line was advanced under partial cover of a ridge and woods in the same direction to and a short distance beyond the Winn's Ferry road and an evacuated cavalry camp of the enemy. During the execution of this movement the battery before referred to in redan Numbers 2. reopened fire upon us, which was promptly returned by Schwartz's battery, which had been quickly advanced to a position near a farm house farther to the right. This battery of the enemy having been thus silenced, another in the direction of Dover was opened upon my right, and in turn this was soon after silenced by two pieces of Schwartz's, two pieces of Taylor's, and three pieces of Dresser's batteries, which had been rapidly advanced near the Winn's Ferry road for that purpose and to afford protection to my advancing line.

Besides silencing the enemy's battery, these pieces also poured a destructive fire into a mass of his infantry, which was seen still farther to the right, driving them in confusion to the shelter of their breastworks. In the mean time the enemy had opened a fire from several pieces in redan, Numbers 2 upon the left of my line, and also from redan Numbers 1 upon McAllister's battery, still farther to the left, on a commanding hill beyond Indian Creek, where it had been left supported by the Forty-eighth. This fire was intended to distract our attention and prevent our advance to the right. It was attended with no serious effect upon my left, but carried away a wheel of one of McAllister's gun-carriages. It was immediately silenced by McAllister's battery and the portions of Taylor's and Dresser's batteries, which had been brought back to a position near the farm house for that purpose.

My right being now engaged in threatening demonstrations and within short range of the enemy's outer works, and the enemy's infantry opposite our right having been thrown into confusion, as already mentioned, I deemed the opportunity favorable for storming redan Numbers 2, which lay in front of the Second Brigade and in a position to annoy our forces yet advancing, and which afforded a cover from which to dash upon my line at an exposed and comparatively weak point. Accordingly Colonel Morrison was ordered to advance his brigade, Seventeenth and Forty-ninth, joined by the Forty-eighth, Colonel Haynie, from the Second Brigade, to make the contemplated assault. The two detachments having informed in line of battle, Colonel Haynie, a gallant and intelligent officer, being the senior, assumed the command. Passing down the declivity on which they had formed, the assailants, preceded by

