
skirmish, moved rapidly up the steep hill on the crest of which was the object of attack. Although the small timber had been felled and interwoven with the sharpened points of brush-wood extending outward, forming an almost impenetrable abatis, they made their way under a fast-increasing fire from the enemy's entrancements to a cleared space in front of them. At this point a heavy cross-fire of artillery and small-arms was poured upon the assailants, yet for an hour they maintained the unequal contest, advancing close to eh entrancements, and firing with deliberation and effect whenever an enemy appeared. For the purpose of strengthening this heroic band and more completely covering the front of the enemy's works, the Forty-fifth, Colonel Smith, in accordance with an order to that effect, moved forward under a heavy fire, and, taking position in line, the assault was renewed. At this critical moment, if the enemy had been diverted by an attack on the left and also from the river by the gunboats, it is probable the redan would have been taken.

Colonel Morrison, who had been conspicuous for the brilliant and daring manner in which he led his men into action, having been seriously wounded, and carried from the field, the command devolved upon Lieutenant-Colonel Pease. Other valuable men and officers having also fallen, killed or wounded, and in the mean time the enemy having been re-enforced by an addition of artillery and a large body of infantry, Colonel Haynie withdrew the attacking force a short distance under cover of the hill, and reported the fact.

Approving what had been done, the four regiments thus temporarily united were brought back to my main line and attached to the Second Brigade. Considering the difficulties attending this attack, the nature of the ground, the large addition to the enemy's repelling force, and the formidable defenses which sheltered him, the brave and steady advance of the assailants may be justly regarded as one of the most brilliant and striking incidents of the four days' siege, gloriously terminating in the fall of Fort Donelson.

The contest still continuing between my right and the enemy's left, near Dover, Schwartz's and Taylor's batteries were advanced beyond the Winn's Ferry road still nearer the enemy's works in that direction, and renewed their fire with telling effect both upon his works and his infantry, assailing us from behind them. About 3 o'clock p. m. Dresser's battery of James rifled pieces opened fire from a new position on the crest of the ridge, between Schawrtz's and Taylor's batteries and the farm-house before referred to. This fire was experimental, and designed to show whether it would prove effective upon the fort at a long range, which was distinctly seen through a gorge in the intervening hills. The experiment was attended with the most complete success. percussion shells were distinctly seen exploding within the fort, dispersing a considerable body of men observed lining the parapet facing its river front, whose purpose seemed to be to resist an apprehended landing of the gunboats and also another body within the fort on the opposite side. Moreover, considerable injury was inflicted upon the barracks within the fort.

Dresser's battery failing ammunition, was taken back to await a new supply, and McAllister's remaining two 24-pounder howitzers were brought up next morning and took its place. From what has been said, lit appears unmistakably that another leading feather of the operations of this day was the spirited and masterly artillery fight kept up from day-dawn until night-fallen. Seldom has such a fight occurred in the experience of war. On our part it was actively maintained for the most

