
[CHAP. XVII.

ing fallen back for want of ammunition, was succeeded in the place it had occupied by the Thirtieth.

The cavalry attached to my division, consisting of a portion of Colonels Noble's can Dickey's regiments and four independents companies of cavalry, respectively commanded by Lieutenant King, Captains Carmichael, Dollins, and O'Harnett, all of which had during the march and investment performed gallant and valuable service, were posted in positions favorable for the pursuit of the enemy if the fate of the day should justify it.

The Third Division, commanded by General L. Wallace, was formed on the left of the First, and the Second Division, commanded by General C. F. Smith, was formed opposite the right of the enemy's works, and extending towards the river below the fort. As the enemy moved rapidly towards my right a fire was opened by McAllister's howitzers and the points along the enemy's defenses. Skirmishing and the distant firing of sharpshooters were now over, and large masses of the enemy, rushing towards my right, were first met by the Eighteenth and the Ninth and immediately after by the Twelfth, Forty-first, and Eighth, before the enemy had time to deploy into line.

The enemy succeeding with much difficulty in forming a line and obtaining the desired range for his artillery, a fierce struggle ensued. In the course of this struggle two companies of the Twenty-ninth, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James E. Dunlap, immediately supporting Schwartz's battery, became detached and also hotly engaged. Several times repulsed, the enemy as often returned to renew the conflict with augmented numbers. When the ground had been strewn with the dead and wounded of both parties, the Ninth, Twelfth, and Forty-first failing ammunition and supported by their artillery, which had not been brought into action for want of opportunity, fell back before the pressure of overpowering numbers, and reformed a short distance in the rear.

Having dispatched Lieutenant carter, of the artillery, about 8 o'clock a. m. to your headquarters to advise you that the battle was raging and to ask for immediate re-enforcements, confirmation of the importance of it was brought by Colonel Oglesy, who reported that Colonel McArthurs' brigade was falling back, exposing the Eighteenth to a flanking fire; that Colonel Lawler was wounded, the batteries closely pressed, his supply of ammunition fast failing, and unless promptly supported the First Brigade must give way. Instructing him to hold his ground as long as possible, I dispatched Lieutenant Jones, of my staff, on the heels of my first messenger, urge the absolute necessity of prompt and efficient succor. My messengers brought information that you had been called by an exigency to the gunboats upon the river, and that my appeal would be communicated upon your return.

Left uncovered, the Eighteenth and Eighth and Twenty-ninth became the point of concentrated attack, which was directed both against their front and the flank of the Eighteenth. Assailed by a cross-fire from three batteries, comprising ten guns, Schwartz's battery, under command of Lieutenant Gumbart, replied with 146 rounds,continuing a fire of grape and canister quite two hours. One of his guns being disabled by a shot carrying away the trail of its carriage, its place was promptly supplied baret was wounded and carried from the field. In the mean time the exposure of the Eighteenth had been greatly increased. Hard pressed in front and upon the flank, as already mentioned, and driven to rely upon

