
ammunition taken from the dead and wounded to continue a struggle which had been waged for three hours with doubtful success, they were at length forced to yield to superior numbers, and in obedience to orders fell back upon a new position, where they could be supplied with ammunition and food. Emulous of their example, the Thirtieth, under the chivalrous lead of Lieutenant-Colonel Dennis, hastened forward and took their place, instantly changing their line obliquely to the right to shield their flank, and, together with the Eighth and Twenty-ninth, continued the conflict until all of them in turn were forced in like manner to fall back.

During this engagement Colonel Oglesby's brigade sustained a loss of 836 killed, wounded, and missing, of which the proportion of the Eighth alone was 242. The field was strewn with dead and wounded of both sides. A short time before this I was advised by Colonel Oglesby of a painful casualty. The Twenty-fifth Kentucky, in executing his order to file past the Eighth into position, through mistake fired into a portion of that regiment and into the Twenty-ninth and Schwartz's battery, causing some disorder.

Schwartz's battery being left supported by the retirement of the Twenty-ninth, the Thirty-first, boldly rushed to its defense, and at the same moment received a combined attack of the forces on the right and of others in front, supposed to be led by General Buckner. The danger was imminent, and called for a change of disposition adapted to meet it, which Colonel Logan made by forming the right wing of his battalion at an angle with the left. In this order he supported the battery, which continued to play upon the enemy and held him in check until his regiment's supply of ammunition was entirely exhausted.

Lieutenant Colonel John H. White, one of the bravest of the brave, and Captain James H. Williamson, a veteran officer, both of whom had gained enviable distinction in the battle of Belmont, fell in this obstinate and bloody conflict. Many others were also killed and wounded, including Colonel Logan himself and Lieutenant Charles H. Capehart, his adjutant, among the latter.

The Thirty-first being left without the means of longer attack or defense, Lieutenant-colonel Ransom with generous courage brought up the Eleventh, and, taking their place, engaged the enemy, while the Twentieth, Forty-fifth, Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth, and Seventeenth, in obedience to the order of Colonel Wallace, were advanced and brought into action. Assailed both in front and upon the flank with increased fury and threatened by the enemy's cavalry hovering in the rear of the right, their peril became extreme. Accordingly, I sent Major Brayman, my assistant adjutant-general, to General L. Wallace, in your absence, a first and second time, advising him of the state of affairs, and requesting him to re-enforce me with fresh troops. Appreciating th exigency, he expressed hi willingness to do so, but declined, urging the prohibition of your order requiring him to hold his position until otherwise instructed. Failing in this effort, I hastened Captain G. P. Edgar to General Smith with the same information, who responded substantially in like manner.

In the mean time, having been advised by Colonel Wallace of the loss of many of his men and the increased exposure and danger of his situation, I instructed him to rely himself and maintain his position at all hazards until my request for re-enforcements had been answered. He gallantly did so, repulsing and driving back the enemy in front to their entrancements. In accomplishing this result the artillery bore a conspicuous part. McAllister's, Taylor's, Dresser's, and Schwartz's bat-

12 R R-VOL VII

