
[CHAP. XVII.

teries, and a section of a battery of Major Cavender's Missouri battalion, poured a destructive fire upon the enemy's line, while the infantry and the Twentieth conspicuous among others, boldly led by Colonel Marsh, charged and pursued. At one time McAllister's battery, while exposed t a cross-fire of artillery, was so closely pressed by the enemy's infantry as to compel his gunners to fall back. At this critical juncture Colonel Smith, of the Forty-fifth, rushed forward with a detachment of his men, and driving them back, rescued it. The carnage in this part of the field was also very great, particularly in the Eleventh, whose loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 328; while the aggregate of the killed, wounded, and missing of the brigade amounted to 534, including Lieutenant Colonel William Erwin, of the Twentieth, and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H. Smith, of the Forty-eighth, who fell gallantry leading their men to the charge. Lieutenant Colonel Jasper A. Maltby, of the Forty-fifth, a brave and efficient officer, was also wounded in this engagement.

It was now 11 o'clock, and up to this and a still later hour a gun had not been fired either from the gunboats or from any portion of our line, except that formed by the forces under my command. Availing himself of so favorable an opportunity, the enemy directed the combined attack of nearly all his forces against it; yet even under these untoward circumstances the battle was won by the Second Brigade as against the enemy in their front. Unfortunately, however, this partial victory proved fruitless. In the mean time the enemy on the right, having turned the flank of the Second Brigade, whose ammunition was nearly exhausted, advanced both his infantry and cavalry to attack it in reverse. To avoid this I ordered Colonel Wallace, also Colonel Oglesby, to withdraw their commands, las they might think best, preparatory to reformation and a resupply of ammunition. In the main this was done in good order; but the order to retire failing to reach Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom, the Eleventh still stood their ground until by the weight of overwhelming numbers, assailing it in front and rear, it too was forced back. Throughout this terrible struggle Colonel Ransom, although seriously wounded, refused to quit the field, adding to his high reputation as an officer by the valor to quiet the field, adding to this high reputation as an officer by the valor and constancy of his bearing.

Colonel Cruft, commanding the Seventeenth and Twenty-fifth Kentucky and the Thirty-first, and also, as I am unofficially informed, the Forty-fourth Indiana, not having reported to me, I am unable to detail their operations. Of Colonel Cruft, however, it is proper to say that in all our official relations he showed himself an officer of courage and good conduct, promptly responding to my appeal for aid, and entering with spirit and devotion into the work before him; and of all others, whether officers or privates, I would be proud to speak line appropriate praise if the means necessary to enable me to do so had been placed in my possession.

My whole command falling back some 400 yards from the left of their position in the morning, the Second Brigade was reformed in line of battle upon the ground that I had previously selected, at right angles with their first lines. To meet the contingency of the enemy's approach from the position he had occupied in my rear the First Brigade was disposed in rear of the Second. Here my men were supplied both with ammunition and provisions, which had been brought up for that purpose. Dispatching Captain Stewart, of may staff, and Captain Dollins, of the cavalry, with instructions to reconnoiter the enemy and ascertain his strength and movements, they found a large body of his forces falling back in apparent confusion, their officers vainly endeavoring to bring them to a halt, and reported the fact. From another portion of

