
ers of the enemy at a distance of 500 yards, while directing one of his guns. Both officers and men seemed unconscious of danger. In the midst of a heated artillery contest of one hour, having obtained the consent of Colonel William H. L. Wallace to bring up a section of Captain Taylor's battery to this place, both batteries entered into the contest with surprising vigor, and soon the enemy's lines were cleared and their guns silenced. I leave the conduct of Captain Tyalor's battery to the notice of Colonel Wallace, who observed them while engaged.

The whole front of my line was covered with skirmishers during the night of the 13th, and the men again stood to arms all night under one of the most persecuting snow-storms ever known in this country, without fires and without reliefs. During the night, in passing from the right of the Eighteenth, under Colonel M. K. Lawler, to the left of the Thirty-first, under Colonel John A. Logan, there was one universal wish to meet the enemy, to carry the fort, and to end the sufferings of the men.

On the morning of the 14th the sun rose upon our forces, who were nearly torpid from the intense cold of the night. Receiving an order from the general commanding to remain quiet in camp and not attack the enemy until Brigadier-General Grant had communicated with the gunboats, most of the men made coffee. All other rations were exhausted. During the day the brigade had nothing to eat, the wagons not having yet come up with the three days' additional rations, and did not arrive until the afternoon of the 15th instant. During the afternoon of the 14th I moved the brigade the distance of 100 yards to the right, near an open field, in full view of the lines of the enemy. All night long we could hear them felling trees and using picks and shovels to strengthen their defenses.

At this time my right was a half mile from Dover and about 400 yards from the backwater of a small creek, rendering their escape impossible except through this narrow openings of 300 to 400 yards. Colonels Noble's and Dickey's cavalry reported to me early this morning, and soon made a thorough reconnaissance around the left of the enemy and nearly into Dover. As I have no official reports from these forces, I am not able to state what particular companies did this labor. It was very hazardous, and opened the way quite to the river. On the ridge of this old field I was anxious to plant a battery, but could not safely remove Lieutenant Gumbart, who was holding one of the three principal roads leading into Dover from the back country through my lines, on one of which was posted the Eighteenth and one the other two the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Regiments. During the afternoon I posted the Thirtieth Regiment, under Lieutenant-Colonel Dennis, 50 yards in the rear of the Eighth Regiment, as a reserve, for the night, the brushy and broken character of the ground forbidding any greater distance with security. The Twenty-ninth and Thirty-first held the ground from the main Paris road into Dover, reaching along the ridge of the hills to Colonel Wallaces' right. Thus we stood to arms again for the night. Scarcely a man slept. By this time the enemy had opportunity to measure the strength and disposition of my force son his left. In reply to my request for forces to strengthen my reserve, the general sent Colonel McArthur, with the Ninth, Twelfth, na Forty-first Regiments, but without artillery.

Saturday morning, the 15th instant, at fifteen minutes before 6 o'clock, the enemy dared to pass out of his trenches for the first time in a desperate effort to turn our right and escape into the country. By 6 o'clock the whole brigade was in line and ready for the action. Going to my extreme right, where the attack was made by their infantry, I found

