
leaves, between which and their uniforms there was so strong a resemblance, our men were continually deceived by them. Turning to the Thirty-first, which yet held its place in line, I ordered Colonel Logan to throw back his right, so as to form a crochet on the right of the Eleventh Illinois. In this view Colonel Logan haled in check the advancing foe for some time under a most destructive fire, whilst I endeavored to assist Colonel Cruft with his brigade in finding a position on the right of the Thirty-first. It was now four hours since the fighting began in the morning. The cartridge-boxes of the Thirty-first were nearly empty. The colonel had been severely wounded, and the lieutenant-Colonel, John H. White, had, with some 30 others, failed dead on the field, and a large number wounded. In this condition Colonel Logan brought off the remainder of his regiment in good order. At the suggestion of Colonel Logan, as the left the ground, the Eleventh Illinois, commanded by Lieutenant-colonel Ransom, of Colonel W. H. L. Wallace's brigade, changed front to the rear upon the ground just occupied by Colonel Logan, and held this position for half an hour under a heavy fire from the enemy.

Reporting to the general commanding the state of affairs, he ordered me to reform the brigade on the left of the division. In two hours the whole brigade was reformed, and having received a new supply of ammunition, awaited orders to march onto the field again. Night coming on, the troops went into camp, three regiments near the hospital, in good order, and the Eighth and Eighteenth on the high ridge in front of the main redoubt. Some of the regiments send details to bury the dead and take care of the wounded, but Captain Lieb, of the Eighth Illinois, who had the party in charge, was unable to reach the ground, the pickets of the enemy still holding it.

Sunday morning, the 16th instant, the brigade, in common with the whole army, marched into the fort. Feeling a just pride at the honorable part they had borne in its reduction and surrender, I cannot venture to mention the special deeds of daring where all bore so noble a part, nor do I know that any praises of mine can add to the felling, strong with officers and men, that all was done that could be to uphold the honor of our flag an punish traitor for their treason. I was ably sustained by the colonels commanding regiments, no order being given during the action but was faithfully and cheerfully executed, and I share with them freely whatever of credit may be given to our whole command. Dr. Silas T. Trowbridge, acting brigade surgeon, and Dr. J. M. Phipps, assistant surgeon to the Eighth Regiment, acting as my aides until the wounded demanded their attention, are entitled as my aides until the wounded demanded their attention, are entitled to much credit for their good services in both capacities. Captain Dollins, volunteer aide-de-camp; Henry N. Pearse, acting brigade quartermaster and aide, and William C. Clark, acting assistant adjutant-general, behaved with much coolness, together with Privates James M. Baxter, E. M. Gard, James Slatton, and Jacom Swafford, orderlies, from Captain Dollins' cavalry, who bore my orders in the hottest of the fight with promptness and courage.

I transmit you copies of the reports of the different colonels commanding and of Captain Dresser, and ask your attention to the names favorably mentioned in them. I also send list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. J. OGLESBY,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Major M. BRAYMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in division return, p. 182.

---------------

