
troops of the enemy, I think I have reason to say that everybody has done his duty faithfully.

A. WILLICH,

Colonel Thrity-second Indiana Volunteers.

P. S. - Although I did not intend to mention any one individually, I feel myself induced to state that Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra has gained and confirmed, not only the admiration, but the love and confidence of every man in the regiment by the skill and gallantry with which he led them to the attack.

I have to mention also Lieutenant Pietzuch and his pontoniers, who by their unceasing efforts succeeded in constructing a bridge across Green River whit the poor tools and scanty material furnished them in incredibly short time. Without this bridge it would have been impossible for me to cross the river with the regiment to support our pickets and frustrate the designs of the enemy by defeating them.

In conclusion, I most respectfully call the attention of the general commanidng to the report which I laid before you in regard to strength and number of my regiment, and would ask you to take it in favorable consideration.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. W.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH BRIGADE,Camp Wood, Ky., December 18, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded. By direction of the general commanding the division I threw two regiments across the river to the assistance of the Thirty-second, though they did not reach the ground until after the enemy had been put to flight. All praise is due to Lieutenant-Colonel Von Trebra and the men under him for the gallant manner in which they repulsed the picked troops of the enemy. As only a portion of the Thirty-second was engaged I forward the report of its colonel as a full and complete report of the affair.

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.

No. 4. Report of Brigadier General Thomas C. Hindman, C. S. Army, with congratulatory orders from Major-General Hardee.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE GUARD,Cave City, Ky., December 19, 1861.

SIR: At 8 a. m. on the 17th instant I moved towards Woodsonville, for the purpose of breaking up the railroad from the vicinity of that place southward. My force consisted of 1,100 infantry, 250 cavalry, and four pieces of artillery. When within 2 1/2 miles of Woodsonville, concealed from the enemy's view, I halted the column and ordered forward Colonel Terry's Rangers to occupy the heights to my right, left, and front, and Major Phifer/s cavalry to watch the crossings of Green River, still farther to my left. These orders having been executed and no force of the enemy or pickets seen, I advanced the column until the right reached the railroad. This brought me within three-quarters of a mile of the river and the enemy, but still concealed, except a small body of cavalry

