
either killed or wounded. On the 15th Lieutenant-Colonel Erwin, of the Twentieth Illinois, while nobly animating his men and adding new laurels to those he so nobly won at Buena Vist, was struck down by a cannon shot from the enemy's battery. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Smith, Forty-eighth Illinois, had distinguished himself in the gallant attack of the 13th, he being in command of his regiment on that occasion; colonel Haynie, as senior colonel, being in command of the whole force detached on that service. Early in the engagement of the 15th Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, while leading his men up the hill to meet the enemy, received a mortal wound, of which he died in about an hour. Lieutenant-Colonel Ransom, commanding Eleventh Illinois, was struck in the shoulder by a Minie ball. Merely calling Major Nevins to the command till his wound could be temporarily dressed, he resumed the command and remained with is regiment throughout the day. Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Maltby, of the Forty-fifth Regiment, while encouraging and animating his men, was shot through the thigh, and severely, though I trust not fatally, wounded.

I cannot find words in which fittingly to express the debt of obligation and gratitude I bear to the officers commanding corps for the prompt, fearless, and cool manner in which my commands were carried out. In every instance except one (and that resulted from the stupidity of an orderly) my orders were perfectly understood and carried into effect with promptness and perfect order. I have already spoken Ransom. Both he and Major Nevins are deserving of the attention of the Department. Colonel C. C. Marsh, of the Twentieth Illinois, exhibited the utmost courage, coolness, and self-possession on the field, managing his men with all the order of parade. Major Richards, of the Twentieth, also acted with great bravery. Colonel Haynie and Major Sanford, of the Forty-eighth; Colonel John E. Smith and Major M. Smith, of the Forty-fifth; Lieutenant-Colonel Pease, of the Forty-ninth; and Captain Bush, commanding Seventeenth Illinois, all distinguished themselves by their bravery, and contributed by their example to the attainment of the brilliant result.

The conduct of Captain Ezra Taylor, commanding Light Battery B, during the whole series of engagements was such as to distinguish him as a daring, yet cool and sagacious officer. Pushing his guns into positions that were swept by the enemy's shot, he in person directed the posting of his sections, and in many instances himself sighted the guns. Such conduct found its natural reflection in the perfect order and bravery that characterized his entire command. His battery of six pieces fired 1,700 rounds of fixed ammunition during the engagement, being an average of about 284 rounds to the gun.

McAllister's guns did good service. They were three 24-pounder howitzers, without caissons and within a limited supply of ammunition and without a full complement of men. One of them lost a wheel, shot away on the 13th, but supplied it from the limber. On the 15th the trail of another howitzer was broken, and it was rendered useless. They fired all their ammunition, about 50 rounds to the piece.

The cavalry of the brigade (Fourth Illinois, Colonel Dickey) did excellent service in reconnoitering and in holding the enemy in check on the right. Lieutenant-Colonel McCullough, Major Wallace, Captain Rockwood, and Captain Townsend are worthy of particular mention for serviced rendered. The field music and bands of the several regiments and corps rendered very effective service in taking care of the wounded, especially in the Eleventh and Twentieth Regiments. The

