
[CHAP. XVII.

band of the Eleventh lost their instruments. The surgeons and hospital assistants of the entire command performed their painful but important duties in a manner highly creditable. To Surgeon Goodbrake, acting brigade surgeon, I feel under especial obligations. Surgeons Kittoe, of the Forty-fifth; Long, of the Eleventh; Assistant Surgeons Hunt, of the Eleventh; Luce, of the Fourth Cavalry; and Young, of the Forty-eighth Illinois, also rendered valuable assistance. I wish also to return thanks to Surgeon Edgar, of the Thirty-second Illinois, for attention to the wounded of my command. Chaplains Pearson, of the Eleventh, and Button, of the Twentieth, and Woodward, of the Forty-fifth, were indefatigable in their attentions to the wounded and in collecting and burying the dead.

I wish also to call the attention of the general commanding the division to the conduct and bearing of my staff-Lieutenant Israel P. Rumsey, of Taylor's battery, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Guyon I. Davis, Eleventh Illinois, acting brigade quartermaster and commissary, also aide-de-camp. Active, intelligent, ardent, and brave, they were ever ready to render any aid in their power, riding to every part of the field amid the hottest of the fire, and by their daring and coolness contributing much toward the success of the day. Artificer George E. Church, of Taylor's battery, who acted as one of my orderlies, is worthy of commendation for bravery and self-possession on the field.

Many instances of individual daring occurred that are worthy of mention, but where all acted their part so nobly comparisons seem invidious. I cannot forbear citing two instances, to which my attention has been called by commanders of regiments: Corporal Smith, of Company E, Seventeenth Regiment, distinguished himself by great personal bravery in skirmishing with the enemy. Corporal Armstrong, of Company H, Eleventh Illinois, when the color-sergeant of the regiment was shot down and the colors fell, rushed to the spot, and seizing the flag bore it from the field amid a storm of balls. The flag itself was riddled with shot.

In order to a due appreciation of the courage, endurance, and fortitude of the men by whom this victory had been won, it must be borne in mind that they marched from Fort Henry without transportation or tents or rations except what they carried; that they were exposed for three days and nights without tents and almost without fires-being so near the enemy's lines as to render fires imprudent; that the weather was extremely severe, two nights they were thus exposed being accompanied with driving snow-storms and severe cold; that during the whole three days they were under fire, and were compelled to bivouac in line of battle with their arms in their hands; added to this most of them had never seen a battle, and but few had ever heard a hostile gratulation that so long and fierce a conflict against an entrenched enemy, fighting on a position well known to him, unknown to us, and so greatly superior in artillery, has resulted so gloriously for our arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. L. WALLACE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Major M. BRAYMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

