
enemy. They were soon rallied, however, and formed in line by Lieutenant-Colonel Tupper. The firing was kept up until we had in connection with other regiments fallen back 500 yards, where my command was drawn up in line of battle and awaited the renewal of the attack, which the enemy did not make, and we were drawn off in good order by Colonel McArthur.

The officers and men, with but one or two exceptions, acted with great gallantry. My command, consisting of about 500 men, were engaged in battle three hours. I had 15 men killed, 117 wounded, and 3 missing.*

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

I. C. PUGH,

Colonel Forty-first Illinois Regiment.

THOMAS J. NEWSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Colonel John Cook, Seventeenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Clarksville, Tenn., March 6, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance of orders from division headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report:

Monday, the 3rd day of February, the Seventh Infantry Illinois Volunteers, under my command, embarked at Fort Holt, Ky., on board the steamer City of Memphis, under orders to join an expedition against Fort Henry, Tenn. Landing at Paducah, I reported to you,

from whom orders were received assigning to the Third Brigade the following regiments, viz: Seventh Illinois, Seventh Iowa, Twelfth Iowa, Thirteenth Missouri, and Fiftieth Illinois Volunteers, with Captain Richardson's battery (20-pounder rifled guns) of First Missouri Light Artillery. In company with other troops, the command arrived at Camp Halleck by river, 4 miles below Fort Henry, on the afternoon of the 4th instant, when it was disembarked, under orders from Brigadier-General Grant, commanding the District of Cairo, to proceed by land, without transportation, under temporary command of General McClernand. The 5th instant remained at Camp Halleck. On the morning of the 6th left Camp Halleck by land for Forty Henry. A severe rain-storm the night previous to our departure, together with the swollen state of the streams from continued rains and the absence of all transportation, rendered the march extremely difficult, the troops suffering intensely from fording the numerous creeks, often wading so deep as almost to submerge their cartridge-boxes. But, inspired by the frequent reports of artillery from the gunboats, the men pressed on cheerfully. Impeded by the almost impassable roads and the necessity of assisting Captain Richardson's battery out of the innumerable mud-holes, the command proceeded slowly. About 2 p. m. received orders from General Grant to advance the infantry without regard to the artillery. Having gone a short distance, the guide led us off the road about a mile, which had to be countermarched. Surmounting every obstacle, the infantry reached the outworks of Fort Henry soon after retreat, where they encamped on the damp ground much wearied, many without a single blanket, all

---------------

* But see p. 168.

---------------

