
and of musketry on our front. In this cross-fire we fought the enemy two hours, advancing on them into a ravine inside their breastworks. At length we were withdrawn outside of the works. During this time we lost 1 man killed and 27 wounded.

During all this time Lieutenant-Colonel Coulter behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery, performing his duties regardless of the danger to which he was exposed. Major Brodtbeck and Sergeant-Major Morrisy aided much in rallying the men.

When we began to march to support Colonel Lauman, Companies A and G were out skirmishing. I dispatched Adjutant Duncan to bring them up, which was speedily done, and he performed all other duties required of him promptly and effectively.

Surgeon Parker was on duty at the hospital. Assistant-Surgeon Finley performed faithful service in attending the wounded.

Lieutenant J. B. Dorr, quartermaster, was performing his duty in forwarding supplies. His energy and efficiency cannot be too highly praised.

The color-bearer, Sergeant Grannis, showed much coolness amid the sharp fire of the enemy, and, without particularizing, every commissioned officer of the regiment performed his duties without flinching. The same may be said of the non-commissioned officers and privates, with but few exceptions.

Respectfully,

J. J. WOODS,

Colonel Twelfth Iowa Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS J. NEWSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel Crafts J. Wright, Thirteenth Missouri Infantry.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., February 17, 1862.

SIR: I herewith report to you, under Order Numbers 2, the operations of this regiment against the enemy and the casualties which have resulted:

On Friday evening we were ordered to retain our position behind the sharpshooters as skirmishers, and which we had occupied during the day. We remained in this position without fires during the storm of rain, hail, and snow. The clothes of the men were drenched and frozen upon them. I sat upon a log wrapped in my blanket until 3 o'clock, when permission was given to go back half a mile and build fires to dry the men. Saturday, notwithstanding the severe duty and exposure of the previous day, we resumed our position at 8 o'clock a. m. We were ordered by General Smith to change position to prevent the enemy from advancing by one of the roads, and also to sustain a battery of several pieces planted for the same purpose. To be better prepared, our men threw off their knapsacks and blankets at the suggestion of General Grant. We thus prevented any advance in that quarter.

Late in the afternoon we were again changed and ordered to the trenches, through which the entrance was finally made. We were allowed, just as we reached our place, to withdraw and bivouac near by for the night. On Sunday morning we were ordered to the advance in the trenches. I was prepared to leave upon the ground whatever number was necessary to plant the Stars and Stripes of our country on the

