
guns. After firing 5 rounds the enemy's fire became too severe to longer hold the position. The piece was then taken away, with the loss of 1 man killed. I next took a position farther to the right, on a hill opposite the enemy's center. This position I held until late in the afternoon of Thursday.

February 14, after firing about 30 rounds, I received orders to take my battery to the right. Crossing the ravine, I took a position about the center of the right wing. Here I remained nearly all day Friday, waiting for orders to commence firing. Late in the afternoon of Friday Lieutenant Tannrath, with one piece, proceeded to take a position where the enemy were throwing shell and canister with fearful effect. In the face of a very severe fire the piece was placed in position, and after firing some 8 or 10 shots the enemy's battery was silenced.

This position was held until Saturday morning, the 15th, when the enemy came out in force and drove our troops back. All the infantry having fell back, my piece was brought away. After this I received orders to take my battery to the left and support a charge made by the left wing. I took three pieces and placed them inside the enemy's intrenchments, and held that position until Sunday morning, February 16.

I would mention that too much praise cannot be bestowed upon Lieutenants Tannrath and Edwards. All the rest behaved themselves with credit.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. WELKER,

Captain Commanding Company H, First Regiment Mo. Light Artillery.

Lieutenant CHARLES GREEN,

Adjutant Second Battalion, First Regiment Mo. Light Artillery.

Numbers 29. Report of Captain George H. Stone, Battery K, First Missouri Light Artillery.

FORT DONELSON, CUMBERLAND RIVER, TENN.,

February 17, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the action of the 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th instant by Battery K.

Left camp near Fort Henry on the morning of the 12th instant; marched some 10 miles, and placed in position opposite intrenchments of the enemy, where I remained until the morning of the 15th instant, when I changed position and planted a section of battery on hill opposite the center of enemy's column, where we opened fire with great effect, covering the advance of General Smith's division on the left. At about 3 p. m. was ordered by General Smith to the left and to take position in intrenchments, which was done, when we opened a heavy fire of canister and shell on the enemy, forcing them from their position and silencing one of their guns. Remained in this position during the night under command of Lieutenant O'Connell, and marched in at head of column on the morning of the 16th, when the enemy surrendered.

Too much credit cannot be awarded to Lieutenant Hines for the gallantry and bravery with which he comported himself in the engagement of the 15th.

Sergeants Joyce and Donnelly are deserving of great credit, as also Private Miller; in short, where all the men were excellent it would be invidious to particularize.

