
Our loss in killed and wounded is none; 1 horse killed and 2 severely wounded.

Private Casey was wounded on the night of the 16th, supposed by a shot from pickets; slight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STONE,

Captain Battery K, Second Battalion First Mo. Light Artillery.

Lieutenant GREEN,

Adjutant Second Battalion First Missouri Light Artillery.

Numbers 30. Report of Colonel James C. Veatch, Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry, Fourth Brigade, Second Division.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 18, 1862.

In compliance with your order I herewith respectfully submit a report of the part taken by the Twenty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the actions which took place between our forces and the rebels on the left wing of our army on the 13th and 15th days of February, 1862, at Fort Donelson.

The Twenty-fifth Indiana Regiment marched with the brigade from Fort Henry on the 12th of February, and bivouacked at night on the extreme left of our lines, within less than half a mile of the enemy. Everything remained quiet during the night. At 10 o'clock a. m. on the 13th we moved forward in line of battle to the top of the hill which was between us and the enemy's breastworks. Here I received your order to fix bayonets and charge the rebels, and, if possible, drive them from their works. The timber was so thick that we could only see here and there a part of the rebel works, but could form no idea of their range or extent. I sent forward, as directed, the flank companies - A and B, Captains Saltzman and Rheinlander - to deploy as skirmishers, which they did most admirably, and the regiment moved forward on the charge. Our flank companies as they advanced found the enemy's works extended far to our left, and they very properly moved to the left and took position on a hill, where they did valuable service by preventing a fire on our flank from the enemy's rifle pits, and in keeping silent a 6-pounder field piece that was brought to bear on us from that direction. At the foot of the hill the enemy poured on us a terrible fire of musketry, grape, and canister, with a few shells.

The rebel breastworks were now in plain view on the top of the hill. The heavy timber on the hill-side had been felled, forming a dense mass of brush and logs. Through and over these obstacles our men advanced against the enemy's fire with perfect coolness and steadiness, never halting for a moment until they received your order. After a halt of a few minutes they again advanced within a short distance of the enemy's breastworks, when their fire from a 6-pounder field piece and 12-pounder howitzer on our right was so destructive, that it became necessary to halt and direct the men to lie down to save us from very heavy loss. After remaining under a very heavy fire for two hours and fifteen minutes, with no opportunity to return the fire to advantage, the enemy being almost entirely hid, and seeing no movement indicating a further advance from any part of the line, I asked your permission to withdraw

