
was from that source, for I myself saw some of my men fall who I know were shot from the hill behind us.

We then took our position behind the entrenchments, and soon afterwards, owing to an injury received, as reported among the casualties of the engagement, I retired from the field, leaving Lieutenant-Colonel Baker in command until the following morning.

During the night our pickets, who were posted in the enemy's camp, were fired upon several times; but with that exception all remained quiet until morning, when the enemy gave signal for a parley, which was succeeded by the joyful intelligence that they had surrendered the fort. We were then ordered by General Smith to take the post of honor in marching to the enemy's fort, where we planted our colors upon the battlements beside the white of the enemy, for which generous consideration he has our hearty thanks.

When I come to speak of those who particularly distinguished themselves for coolness and bravery, so many examples occur to me, that it seems invidious to make distinctions.

Of those few who were in the most responsible positions - Lieutenant-Colonel Baker, Major Chipman, and Adjutant Tuttle - to say that they were cool and brave would not do them justice; they were gallant to perfection. Lieutenant-Colonel Baker had a ball pass through his cap and come out near his temple. Major Chipman was among the first to fall, severely wounded, while cheering on the men of the left wing, and refused to be carried from the field, but waved his sword and exhorted the men to press forward.

Captains Slaymaker and Cloutman fell dead at the head of their companies before they reached the entrenchments. Near them also fell Lieutenant Harper. His death was that of a true and brave soldier.

Captains Cox, Mills, Moore, and Wilkin were at the head of their companies marked examples of gallantry and efficiency.

Lieutenant Scofield, Ensign, Davis, Holmes, Huntington, Weaver, Mastick, Snowden, and Godfrey - in fact, nearly all of my officers, commissioned and non-commissioned - deported themselves nobly throughout the engagement.

Sergeant-Major Brawner deserves very honorable mention for his gallant conduct.

Surgeons Marsh and Nassau also deserve the highest praise for their skill and untiring devotion to the welfare of the wounded. Dr. Nassau was particularly noticed for his bravery on the field, taking off the wounded during a heavy fire from the enemy.

I cannot omit in this report an account of the color-guard. Color-Sergeant Doolittle fell early in the engagement, pierced by four balls and dangerously wounded. The colors were then taken by Corporal Page, Company B, who soon fell dead. They were again raised by Corporal Churcher, Company I, who had his arm broken just as he entered the entrenchments, when they were taken by Corporal Twombly, Company F, who was almost instantly knocked down by a spent ball, immediately rose, and bore them gallantly to the end of the fight. Not a single man of the color-guard but himself was on his feet at the close of the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. TUTTLE,

Colonel Second Iowa Infantry.

Colonel J. G. LAUMAN,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

