
distance of over half a mile, an order was received to fall back to the hill where the attack was made and there encamp, hold the position during the night, and prepare to storm the works early in the morning. The regiments slept on the hill-side, and were aroused early the following morning (16th) and drawn up in column, ready to march to the assault, when intelligence of the surrender of the enemy was received. According to orders, I then marched the brigade through the enemy's works to Dover, and took possession of the town and the large number of prisoners and amount of army stores which it contained.

As a whole, the officers and men of the various regiments of my command behaved well. They received the enemy's fire with coolness and returned it with steadiness and effect. Orders were executed with commendable promptness and precision. In view of such general soldierly bearing it is difficult to discriminate individual instances of valor. Many such fell under my immediate observation and others are reported by commanders of regiments. These cases will form the subject of a subsequent report at an early day.

The members of the brigade staff are entitled to commendation for their conduct during the day. They accompanied me through every danger, and were at all times ready to brave any personal hazard. Captain W. H. Fairbanks, acting assistant adjutant-general, was constantly in the field, at times also acting aide-de-camp. His conduct was creditable throughout. Lieutenant Frank H. Bristow, acting aide-de-camp, discharged his duties in a courageous and satisfactory manner. He was fired upon frequently and had several narrow escapes. Private Charles Edwin Terry, my secretary, acted also as aide-de-camp during both actions, and exhibited a cool and determined bravery worthy of special notice.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain FRED. KNEFLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 40. Report of Major Frederick Arn, Thirty-first Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Fort Henry, Tenn., February 18, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order, the regiment left its camp, near Fort Donelson, on the morning of the 15th February, 1862, with an effective force of 727 men. The order given to Lieutenant-Colonel Osborn was to follow the Twenty-fifth Kentucky Regiment and form in line on the left, and await further orders. Before the regiment could reach the position which it was to occupy it was exposed to a galling fire of musketry and artillery from the hill on our left, which was occupied by the enemy in strong force. The regiment was promptly formed in line of battle at the foot of the hill, and opened a cool and effective fire on the enemy until it was broken by the troops which gave way on our right and front and came rushing through our ranks near the center. Our lines were, however, promptly reformed on the hill to the right and rear of our position. This movement was made necessary by the movements of the enemy, who had outflanked and driven back the

