
of musketry for three-quarters of an hour, the battery continuing its firing at the same time, when the enemy were completely repulsed and fled. Nothing but the thick underbrush prevented a charge with the bayonet. The enemy made an effort three times to push forward through our lines, but were as often driven back.

Colonel Cruft's brigade was engaged on my right in the direction of the river with the enemy's forces, who were endeavoring to outflank his right. The enemy approaching the center of our lines, where my brigade was posted, evidently shows that it was his intention to open his way through and unite with the forces that should outflank Colonel Cruft, but in both of these attempts he was overcome and forced to retreat. I have since learned from the enemy that his force in the engagement which I have described, in addition to his battery, was three regiments of infantry and a squadron of horse which were repulsed by one regiment of our infantry, the First Nebraska, and the Chicago battery. The enemy also admit a large number of killed and wounded in this action. The Nebraska regiment had but 3 killed and 7 wounded. The enemy poured volley after volley upon us, but, fortunately, aimed too high to do much execution. The Nebraska regiment being the only one engaged at this time, I was with it during the action, and am pleased to be able to say not omit to speak in high terms of the soldierly bearing and efficient conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel McCord and Major Livingston during the engagement.

Colonel Woods and his regiment were also exposed to the full fire of the enemy, and their position was rendered the more trying, as I had directed them not to fire until ordered forward for that purpose, if the emergency should arise, which, however, was not necessary. In the afternoon Colonel Lynch was sent forward with his regiment to the assistance of our forces who were engaged on the right, where General Wallace with a part of his division had encountered the enemy, and who drove them back within their entrenchments, recovering the ground lost in the morning. Colonel Davis moved forward and took position on the road in front. The other regiments of the brigade remained in the positions occupied by them during the engagement and camped there that night. The next morning at daylight (Sunday), on receiving on the right and passed down the road to the base of the hill leading to the fortifications, where the line was formed in connection with our other forces, with the intention of storming the works, but before this could be attempted the enemy surrendered.

Not having received reports from the different regiments under my command during the battle, I am not able to submit a detailed report of its casualties.

I must acknowledge the efficient services in the prompt execution of orders of S. A. Strickland, my acting assistant adjutant-general, my aide-de-camp, Captain Allen Blacker, and Lieutenant Charles E. Provost.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Colonel 1st Nebr., Commanding 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., Dept. West Tenn.

Captain FRED. KNEFLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

