
forces, according to the report of General Bragg, landing at Pittsburg, from 25,000 to 50,000, and moving in the direction of Purdy.

This army corps moving to join Bragg is about 20,000 strong. Two brigades (Hindman's and Wood's) are, I suppose, at Corinth; one regiment of Hardee's division (Lieutenant-Colonel Patton commanding) is moving by cars to-day (20th March), and Statham's brigade (Crittenden's division). The brigade will halt at Iuka; the regiment at Burnsville, and Carroll's brigade, Hardee's division, except regiment at Burnsville, and Cleburne's brigade, Hardee's division, and Helm's cavalry, at Tuscumbia; Bowen's brigade at Courtland; Breckinridge's brigade here; the regiments of cavalry of Adams and Wharton on the opposite bank of the river; Scott's Louisiana cavalry at Pulaski, sending forward supplies; Morgan's cavalry at Shelbyville ordered on.

To-morrow Breckinridge's brigade will go to Corinth; then Bowen's. When these pass Tuscumbia and Iuka, transportation will be ready there to further other pass Tuscumbia and Iuka, transportation will be ready there necessary, from Burnsville. The cavalry will cross and move forward as soon as their trains can be passed over the railroad bridge.

I have troubled you with these details, as I cannot possibly communicate them by telegram. The test of merit in my profession with the people is success. It is a hard rule, but I think it right. If I join this corps to the corps to the forces of Beauregard (I confess a hazardous experiment), those who are now declaiming against me will be without an argument.

Your fiend,

A. S. JOHNSTON.

I will preparer answers to the questions propounded by General Foote, chairman of the committee to investigate the causes, &amp;c., of the loss of the forts, as soon as practicable; but, engaged as I am in a most hazardous movement of a large force, even the most minute detail requiring my attention for its accomplishment, I cannot say when it will be forwarded to the Secretary of War, to be handed to him if he thinks proper to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON.

General, C. A. Army.

Numbers 47. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Jeremy F. Gilmer, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer Western Department.*

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, Decatur, Ala., March 17, 1862.

COLONEL: The capture of Fort Henry was for the enemy a great success, which it was felt would embolden him to make an early attack upon Fort Donelson.

To meet this very effort was made to strengthen the defenses. Lines of infantry cover were laid out on commanding grounds around the place and fatigue parties were daily employed in their construction. To aid the local engineer in the work of defense I remained at the fort February 7, 8, and 9, when General Pillow took command of the whole. At his request I asked and received authority to remain and aid in the defense.

---------------

*See pp. 131-135 for so much of this report as relates to capture of Fort Henry.

---------------

