
January 1 my messenger from Colonel Cranor arrived, informing [me] that his regiment arrived at McCormick's Gap on Sunday, December 29, and would leave there in conformity with my orders on the following morning. It consumed the whole of January 2 and 3 and required a working party of 100 men to get our train over Brown's Hill to this point, on the headwaters of Tom's Creek, a distance of but little more than 3 miles from our former place of encampment. To-day our scouts encountered and drove back a hundred of the enemy's cavalry from Tom's Hill, 2 1/2 miles on the route to Paintsville. Out advance guard is holding the position to-night.

In view of the exceedingly bad condition of the roads, made worse by the heavy rains of the last two days, I have dispatched a second messenger to Colonel Cranor, appointing Monday next as the time when I hope to drive int he enemy's cavalry and occupy the mouth of Jennie's Creek. I am exceedingly perplexed by the non-arrival of Lindsey's regiment. When I first arrived at Catlettsburg I ordered him to join me as soon as he could obtain the requisite outfit. On Saturday last he broke up his camp and moved to Ashland, and I supposed, on his way up the valley. On Wednesday I heard that he had not yet left Ashland. I then sent him a peremptory order to move forward, but up to this time I have not heard from him. The two companies of Colonel Wolford's cavalry, which were ordered to join me, I have never heard from.

I stated in my last report that Major McLaughlin's [cavalry] had no carbines. I turned over to them the rifles belonging to such of the Forty-second Ohio as were sick and on detached duty, and they still use them. The major received a full supply of pistol cartridges a few days ago, but no caps came with them.

The squadron has but very little drill and cannot be relied on for much service, except scout and messenger duty. But, notwithstanding these drawbacks, I shall advance, and shall hope we may at least narrow down the limits of the enemy's depredations. Since my last report we have had 4 men from Major McLaughlin's cavalry captured by the enemy's scouts. We have taken 1 of his men, and Colonel Cranor has taken several more.

I was much in hopes I could have had a howitzer battery. Still, if I had an infantry force in this column equal to the enemy's I should have no doubt of being able to capture him. I shall try his strength as soon as I can drawn him down from his position. I have not yet received any blanks, and hence have forwarded no morning reports. I inclose maps.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GRAFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Brigade.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Paintsville, Ky., January 8, 1862.

DEAR SIR: On Sunday, January 5, I drove in several small scouting parties of the enemy, killing 1 of them. On Monday, January 6, I moved on to the mouth of Muddy Branch. The enemy came down the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

