
and leading the men, and throughout the day distinguished himself for gallantry and acts of daring. To mention the many individual instances of heroism and daring would too much lengthen this report; therefore suffice it so say that all this officers and men of both regiments behaved with commendable coolness and bravery.

Captain Samuel H. Newberry, Lieutenants Henderson and Painter, of the Fifty-first, were wounded. Captain Dabney C. Harrison, of the Fifty-sixth, was mortally wounded while leading his men to a charge. Lieutenants Ferguson and Haskins were also wounded.

A number of improved arms were captured and brought to camp.

On Sunday morning, the 16th, brigade was ordered from Fort Donelson to Nashville, where valuable service was rendered in guarding and shipping Government stores.

Thursday, the 20th, the brigade was ordered to this place, where we are now encamped.

Respectfully submitted.

G. C. WHARTON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD.

Numbers 50. Report of Colonel John McCausland, Thirty-sixth Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FLOYD'S DIVISION, Murfreesborough, Tenn., February 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this brigade, February 13, 14, and 15, in the engagement near Fort Donelson between the Confederate States forces and the United States forces under General Grant:

On the morning of the 13th I received your orders to proceed at once from Cumberland City to Fort Donelson, where we arrived at daylight and were at once ordered to the trenches. This brigade was posted as a support to Green's battery, on the left wing. During the entire day the enemy kept up an incessant fire of shot and shell upon the battery and its support. The men and officers behaved well under the circumstances, and soon became accustomed to the firing. There were 5 men wounded during the day.

On the 14th there was continued skirmishing, with artillery and musketry. About 2 p. m. the gunboats commenced a heavy bombardment of the fort, the shells passing over and taking the line of works in reverse, and many passing over and through this brigade. However, we suffered no loss, and gathered several large shell-64-pounders, I think. About dark another battery was posted in front of our position, and during the night it was placed behind a good earthwork thrown up by the men.

About midningt I received orders to concentrate my brigade near the left wing, which was done promptly, and at daylight on the morning of the 15th the column, under General Pillow, sallied from the left and engaged the enemy in a short place of time. This brigade was a reserve for Colonel Baldwin's brigade, but, the enemy pressing his right, I at once moved up to his support and engaged the enemy posted in thick undergrowth and in a rough and rolling country. I ordered the firing

