
to commence as soon as the enemy was in sight. They were advancing just in front of the Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment. They in a short time were checked, and then I ordered a charge upon them. The men came up with a shout and charged the enemy, routed and pursued him for 2 miles, when we were called back by order of General Pillow.

The Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment had 14 killed and 46 wounded, and the Fiftieth Virginia Regiments had 10 killed and 40 wounded.

On Sunday morning this brigade was ferried across the river, and are now arriving at this camp.

Lieutenant-Colonel [L. W.] Reid was wounded about the close of the action. He and Major [Thomas] Smith behaved gallantly during the day; in fact, men and officers all behaved well. We captured 1 field gun and 200 Enfield muskets.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. McCAUSLAND,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General JOHN B. FLOYD.

Numbers 51. Reports of Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow, C. S. Army, with resulting correspondence.

COLUMBIA, TENN., February 18, 1862.

On the 9th instant General A. S. Johnston ordered me to proceed to Fort Donelson and take command of that post. On the 10th instant I arrived at that place.

In detailing the operations of the forces under my command at Fort Donelson it is proper to state the condition of that work and of the forces constituting its garrison. When I arrived I found the work on the river battery unfinished and wholly too weak to resist the force of heavy artillery. I found a 10-inch columbiad and a 32-pounder rifled gun which had not been mounted. Deep gloom was hanging over the command, and the troops were greatly depressed and demoralized by the circumstances attending the surrender of Fort Henry and the manner of retiring from that place.

My first attention was given to the necessity of strengthening this work, mounting the two heavy guns, and to the construction of defensive works to protect the rear of the river battery. I imparted to the work all the energy which it was possible to do, working day and night with the whole command. The battery was without a competent number of artillerists, and those that were there were not well instructed in the use of their guns.

To provide for this want I placed the artillery companies under active course of instruction in the use of their guns. I detailed Captain Ross, batteries. These heavy guns being mounted and provision made for working them, and a proper supply of ammunition having been procured by my orders from Nashville, I felt myself prepared to test the effect of the fire of heavy metal against the enemy's gunboats, though the work stood much in need of more heavy pieces.

The armament of the batteries consisted of eight 32-pounders, three 32-pounder carronades, one 10-inch columbiad, and one rifled gun of 32-pounder caliber.

