
berland to within 8 miles of Smithland, so that I will be posted of the movements and advance of the enemy.

I hope you will order forward at once the tents and baggage of the troops of General Buckner's command, as they are suffering very much for want of them this could weather.

I must request that you will forward this letter, after reading it, to General Johnston. My engagements and duties press me so much that I cannot address you both, and knowing his anxiety, I am anxious to place before him the intelligence contained in the letter.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

General FLOYD.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Statement of Colonel John C. Burch.

DECATUR, ALA., March 15, 1862.

On Saturday evening, February 15, all of the boas which we had at Donelson were sent up the river with our sick, wounded, and prisoners. After supper a council of officers was held at Brigadier-General Pillow's headquarters. I was not present at this council, but during its session, being in an adjoining room, I learned from some officers that intelligence had been received from scouts on the east side of the river that intelligence had been received from scouts on the east side of the river that fourteen of the enemy' transports were landing re-enforcements 1 1\2 or 2 miles below us, at their usual place of landing.

After I learned this, and during the session of the same council, two couriers came to Brigadier-General Buckner, one, and perhaps both, sent by Captain Graves, of the artillery-one stating that a large force was forming in front of our right (General Buckner's) wing, the second stating that large bodies of the enemy were seen moving in front of our way towards Charlotte, in Dickson County.

Orders were given for the command to be in readiness to march at 4 a. m. After this, being in General Pillow's private room where Generals Floyd, Pillow, and Buckner all were, two scouts came in, stating that the enemy's camp-fires could be seen at the same places if front of our left that they had occupied Friday. From the remarks of the generals this information seemed to be confirmatory of information which they had previously received.

Major rice, an intelligent citizen of Dover, was called in and interrogated as to the character of the road to Charlotte. His account of it was decidedly unfavorable. In the course of the conversation which then followed among the generals-General Pillow insisting upon carrying out the previous determination of the council-to cut our way out Brigadier-General Buckner said that such was the exhausted condition of the men that if they should succeed in cutting their way out it would be at a heavy sacrifice; and if pursued by the large cavalry force of the enemy they would be almost entirely cut to pieces. General Floyd concurred with General Buckner. General Pillow said: "Then we can fight them another day in our trenches,a nd by to-morrow night we can have boats enough here to transport our troops across the river and let them make their escape to Clarksville." General Buckner said that such was the position of the enemy in his right, and the demoralization of his

