
command to get the other out, and that he did not think any general had the right to make such a sacrifice of human life.

General Floyd agreed with General Buckner on this point.

General Pillow then rose up and said, "Gentlemen, as you refuse to make an attempt to cut our way out, and General Buckner says he will not be able to hold his position a half hour after being attacked, there is only one alternative left, that is capitulation," and then and there remarked that he would not surrender the command or himself; that he would die first.

General Floyd then spoke out, and said that he would not surrender the command or himself.

General Buckner remarked that, if placed in command, he would surrender the command or himself.

General Floyd remarked that, if placed in command, he would surrender the command and share its fate.

General Floyd then said, "General Buckner, if I place you in command, will you allow me to get out as much of my brigade as I can?"

General Buckner replied, "I will, provided you do so before the enemy receives my proposition for capitulation."

General Floyd then turned to General Pillow and said, "I turn the command over, sir."

General Buckner said, "I assume it. Give me pen, ink, and paper, and send for a bugler."

General Pillow then started out of the room to make arrangements for his escape, when Colonel Forrest said to him, "General Pillow what shall I do?" General Pillow replied, "Cut you way out, sir." Forrest said, "I will do it," and left the room.

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General PILLOW.

STATE OF ALABAMA,

Morgan County, ss:

This day personally came before me, Levi Sugars, intendant of the town of Decatur, county and State aforesaid, Major Gus. A. Henry, jr., who makes oath in due form of law that the above statements are true.

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Sworn to and subscribed before me on the 14th day of March, 1862.

I was present at the council of officers held at Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow's headquarters, in the town of Dover, Tenn., on the morning of February 16. Was awoke in my quarters at 1 a. 1 m. by Colonel John C. Burch, aide-de camp, and ordered to report to General Pillow forthwith. I instantly proceeded to headquarters, where I saw Brigadier-Generals Floyd, Pillow, and Buckner, Colonel Forrest, Majors Henry (assistant adjutant-general), Gilmer, and Jones, and Lieutenants Nicholson and Martin; the two latter volunteer aides ot General Pillow, and, being taken to one side, was informed by him that they had determined to cut their way through the enemy's lines and retreat from Dover to Nash-

