
the night of the 15th, when we could have done so without risk or obstacle. Upon this point I inclose you the statement of Brigadier General W. A. Quarles, recently furnished me, having just met him for the first time since we separated at Donelson.

All this testimony is on file in the War Office, but has never, I presume, been laid before you. When I last saw you in Richmond, in November last, you told me you had not seen any of the testimony, but you assured me, as soon as your public duties would permit, after your return from your western four, you would take the case up, examine it, and "would do me justice." Under this assurance I have been content to work on in the humble position to which I have been assigned, never doubting but that you would ultimately dome justice. To my letters to the Secretary of War I have receive no answer; my communications transmitting the proofs above adverted to were not even acknowledge.

I am therefore driven to the necessity of addressing you privately and unofficially, appealing to your sense of justice, or of resting forever under the censure implied by the order of Secretary Randolph, while the proof on file, but which you have not seen, fully vindicates me against the very error ascribed to me as causing the sacrifice of that army. My position is rendered more painful from the conviction resting upon the minds, resulting from the fact that I have never been promoted while all others who fought under me have been. They very naturally suppose that there is something else in my conduct which your judgment condemns as much more criminal than even the error ascribed to me in the order.

Under these circumstances I feel well assured, from my knowledge of your character, that you will pardon the liberty which, as citizen, I take of calling your attention to the case of an injured officer and earnestly asking your attention to the case. If you will take up the case and examine the proof I will cheerfully submit to your own sense of right and justice.

I am, sir, with great respect, your friend and obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW.

MARIETTA, GA., October 3, 1863.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

Having found the original letter or statement of General Quarles, I herewith forward it. You will perceive an error in the copy I sent you the copy using the word "partially" instead of "positively" in regard to the determination to surrender the command.

With assurances of my continued friendship, I am, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW.

[Inclosure.]

Colonel W. A. Quarles' statement of facts relative to For Donelson.

MARIETTA, GA., August 1, 1863.

General GIDEON J. PILLOW:

In accordance with your request I make the following statement of a conversation with you on the morning of the day of the surrender of the troops at Fort Donelson:

I called at the general headquarters for orders, and while there heard that we were about to be surrendered.

