
The enemy retreated after the battle to the Forks of Beaver Creek, 20 miles southwest of Prestonburg, and seems to be making his way towards the valley of the Kentucky River. Our prisoners say he intends to winter at Whitesburg or join the rebel forces towards the Cumberland Gap. The uncertainty of transportation by the rive and the impossibility of finding subsistence for my force at Prestonburg or Piketon seem to me to indicate this as the most eligible place for winter quarters.

For the last five days no boats have been able to come up the river in consequence of the exceeding high waters, while they have been kept from coming up a much longer time since I arrived in the valley in consequence of low water.

I respectfully solicit instruction in regard to my future movements. Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Paintsville, Ky., January 16, 1862.

Citizens of the Sandy Valley

I have come among you to restore the honor of the Union, and to bring back the old banner which you all once loved, but which by the machinations of evil men and by mutual misunderstandings has been dishonored among you. To those who are in arms against the Federal Government I offer only the alternative of battle or unconditional surrender. But to those who have taken no part in this war, who are in no wary aiding or abetting the enemies of the Union - even to those who hold sentiments averse to the Union, but yet give no aid and comfort to its enemies - I officer the full protection of the Government, both in their persons and property.

Let those who have been seduced away from the love of their country to follow after and aid the destroyers of our peace lay down their arms return to their homes, bear true allegiance to the Federal Government, and they shall also enjoy like protection. The Army of the Union wages no war of plunder, but comes to bring back the prosperity of peace. Let all peace-loving citizens who have fled from their homes return and resume again the pursuits of peace and industry. If citizens have suffered from any outrages by the soldiers under my command I invite them to make known their complaints to me, and their wrongs shall be redressed and the offenders punished. I expect the friends of the Union in this valley to banish from among them all private feuds, and let a liberal-minted love of country direct their conduct towards those who have been so sadly estranged and misguided. Hoping that these days of turbulence may soon be ended and the better days of the Republic soon return, I am, very respectfully,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Buell, Paintsville, Ky., January 30, 1862.

SIR: On the 24th instant I sent out two detachments, one of 150 infantry, which had just returned from the headwaters of Little Sandy,

3 R R-VOL VII

