
where it dispersed two companies of rebels, who were engaged in plundering; the other (110 cavalry) proceeded to the head of John's Creek and tense to Piketon. Both expeditions have terminated successfully. Ten prisoners were taken and a number of horses. There is now no enemy nearer than Whitesburg, where Marshall ins encamped with the remnant of his brigade. His two Virginia regiments went home soon after the battle, and over 40 deserters have voluntarily given themselves up to me. I shall immediately move forward.

Very respectfully,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BUELL, Paintsville, January 30, 1862.

DEAR SIR: Since the date of my last report (January 17) we have had the heaviest and longest-continues rains that have been known in this valley for many years. The roads, which were very bad before, have been ruined, and it will require a great amount of labor to render them again passable for wagons.

For nearly ten days the river was so high that boats could not run up, in consequence of the overhanging trees almost meeting in the middle of the stream. It is now at a good stage, and we are getting our supplies in abundance.

I have obtained reliable information of the late operations of the enemy. Immediately after the battle of Middle Creek he retreated 20 mils, to Beaver Creek, t which place his brigade organization seemed almost to have dissolved. A re-enforcement of one infantry regiment and a battery of artillery from Virginia, which was within two days' march, hearing of Marshall's flight, turned back and retired through the Pound Gap. The two Virginia regiments, under Colonels Trigg and Moore, left him at Beaver Creek, and went back to Virginia by the same route. I had prepared an expedition to move up the river by boats and get above his camp on Beaver, when i learned the remnant of his brigade had gone to Whitesburg, though his Kentucky regiments were decimated by desertions. One squad of 42 threw down their guns and deserted in a body. I am every day discharging on parole number of deserters, who voluntarily give themselves up.

A few days since I sent a detachment of 10 mounted men to Piketon, who dispersed a marauding band and captured several leading and active rebels, whom I have sent to Newport Barracks. In the pursuit Judge Cecil, of Piketon, was killed, and a Dr. Emmet severely wounded.

About one week since I learned that a predatory band of 150 men had gone out from Marshall's brigade a short time before his flight, and were encamped among the cliffs of Little sandy, where they were raising recruits and committing depredations upon the property of citizens. I sent a party of 150 men, who dispersed them, taking number of prisoners and horses. I believe there now is no enemy in Eastern Kentucky nearer to me than Whitesburg.

In my last report I asked for instructions in regard to my future movements. I have not yet received them. I have, however, ventured to order one regiment to move forward to Piketon, to watch the enemy and protect the border until I receive further instructions.

