
sixth Tennessee, moved off all the other regiments, including the Twentieth Mississippi. I saw no more of these during the remainder of the day.

After the lapse of an hour, observing troops from the right returning to their original positions in the lines, I directed the two regiments left with me also to return to the trenches.

Three times during the day I had sent a staff officer to General Pillow for instructions, advising him of our situation; but no orders or directions were received from him, except to do the best I could.

Being totally unacquainted with the topographical features of the ground and unadvised as to the movements of the general command, it was impossible for me to do more than simply dislodge the enemy as from time to time he made a stands before us.

I would beg leave to remark here that the efficiency of the smooth bore musket and ball and buck-shot cartridges was fully demonstrated on this occasion, and to recommend that our troops be impressed with the advantage of closing rapidly upon the enemy, when our rapid loading and firing proves immensely destructive and the long-range arms of the enemy lose their superiority.

For lists of killed and wounded, and minor details, recounting the conduct of subaltern officers and men, I beg leave respectfully to refer to the reports of regimental commanders, which accompany this report.

Justice requires that I should refer to the coolness and gallantry of Colonel John M. Lillard, who though wounded in the early part of the engagement, remained at the head of his command during the whole day. It is difficult to determined which deserves most commendation, this regiment or its commander.

Lieutenant Colonel F. M. Boone and Major T. F. Parker, Twenty-sixth Mississippi, both conducted themselves as officers and brave men, and this regiment bore its part well in the conflict.

Major [Wm. N.] Brown, commanding the Twentieth Mississippi, is entitled to honorable mentioned; his left wing, thrown in the early part of the day into an exposed position by an ill-advised order, held its ground until recalled, and afterwards the whole regiment was among the foremost in every advance.

I cannot forbear to mention that Colonel McCausland, [Thirty-sixth] Virginia, not assigned to my command, voluntarily tendered his co-

operation, and was conspicuous for his daring intrepidity. The members of my personal staff deserve especial notice.

Lieutenant S. D. Harris, Fourteenth Mississippi, acting assistant adjutant-general, was of great assistance. He merited and has received my thanks. So likewise did Thomas A. Burke, a private in Company I, Fourteenth Mississippi, appointed an acting aide-de-camp. T. F. Carrington, a private in Company K, Fourteenth Mississippi, also an acting aide-de-camp, was severely, and I fear mortally, wounded in the early part of the action; an accident which deprived me of the services of a valuable aide.

Captain D. H. Spense, of Murfreesborough, Tenn., volunteer aide, was severely wounded in the head while gallantry exposing himself on the top of a fence and urging Tennesseeans onward.

My own regiment, the Fourteenth Mississippi, Major Doss, was sent to Fort Donelson some days in advance of my arrival. The Forty-first Tennessee, Colonel Farquharson, was brought down on the 13th. Both regiments were posted on the right and temporarily separated from my command.

Neither representations nor solicitations on my part could avail in

