
inducing such change as would reunite these regiments, or place me where I desired to be, under the immediate direction of my proper commander.

The reports of these latter regiments have been made to Colonel John C. Brown, commanding Third Brigade, under whose orders they were temporarily placed.

A condensed statement of killed and wounded is annexed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. BALDWIN,

Colonel, Codmg. Second Brigade, General Buckner's Division.

Major GEORGE B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Number of action

February 15. Killed. Wounded.

Troops	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Office	 Men.	 Aggre

.	 rs. 	 	 rs. 	 	 rs.	 	 gate.

20th	 31	 469	 1	 18	 5	 55	 79

Missis

sippi

26th	 39	 404	 1	 11	 1	 68	 81

Missis

sippi

26th	 33	 377	 ......	 11	 7	 78	 96

Tennes

see

Staff	 5	 ......	 ......	 ......	 2	 ......	 2

Total	 108	 1,250	 2	 40	 15	 201	 258

Numbers 54. Report of Colonel Roger W. Hanson, Second Kentucky Infantry (Confederate.)

RICHMOND, VA., August 8, 1862.

On February-, in pursuance of orders, I proceeded, with my regiment upon the cars, from Russelville, Ky., to Clarskville, Tenn., When I arrived there I was ordered by General Pillow to embark immediately for Fort Donelson. I arrived there that night. General Buchrod R. Johnson accompanied us, and when we arrived he took command.

General Pillow arrived on the-, and soon after his arrival he placed the troops in the position afterwards held by them. I was assigned to the extreme to a slough formed by the high state of water in the river. The position was about half a mile in length, and was a protection in front and to the right of the original line of defense marked out for the front. I was directed to construct rifle pits, which I did, locating them more than a hundred yards apart, at points best commanding the approaches to the position. They wee made in a day and night, and were necessarily very imperfect. I was directed to give up my tools, to be used upon other parts of the defenses.

On Wednesday, February 12, the enemy made his appearance in large force, pressing around in our front, with the evident intention of investing our position. Nothing was done to oppose or prevent his progress, and the following morning found his lines extending from the point of their disembarking to a point on the river above our position.

On Thursday morning the enemy made three several attacks upon my position; in all of which they were repulsed, with but slight loss upon our part and very heavy upon theirs. In resisting these attacks I was

