
greatly, assisted by Porter's battery upon the left. It always fired at the right time and to the right place.

On Thursday night I was re-enforced by Captain Jackson's Virginia artillery, four pieces. Although the night was cold and inclement, and the men much exhausted from the day's fighting and several day of hard work, we succeeded in getting these pieces in good position and well protected.

On Friday I was re-enforced also by Colonel Palmer's regiment. We remained under arms and in ranks all day Friday, expecting the attack to be renewed. The firing of the sharpshooters was incessant from Thursday morning until the surrender, disturbing and almost destroying the repose of my command.

On Saturday morning I was conducted by yourself to the position assigned us as a reserved regiment and a supporing force for Graves artillery. I was directed not to leave my trenches until I was relieved by a Tennessee regiment from the fort. the failure of this regiment to arrive as soon as contemplated delayed me in reaching the point assigned me. A small detachment of Tennesseans arrived and I placed them inthe trenches, and immediately thereafter moved rapidly to the battle-field.

I remained in rear or near Graves' battery, under the immediate supervision of General Buckner, until about noon, when Colonel Baldwin, of Mississippi, announced to me that he was ut of ammunition, and stated that unless he could get ammunition and re-enforcements there was great danger of losing the ground which had been won. I had near by a wagon of ammunition, and with the perseverance of Quartermaster Estep and Lieutenant Semple the ammunition was soon supplied. Previous to this period some one mounted, purporting to be a staff officer, approached the regiment and ordered off two of the left companies to re-enforce Colonel Baldwin's command. These two companies, supposing it to be the order of Generals Pillow or Buckner, moved off at a double-quick, and were soon engaged with the enemy and against greatly superior numbers. Colonel McCausland, of Virginia, arrived, and said that unless they were re-enforced the enemy would retake what they had gained; that after four hours of hard fighting the enemy were bringing forward new troops and in overwhelming numbers. I examined the state of the contest. I saw Colonel Forrest make two gallant but unsuccessful charges. I saw that the enemy were gradually driving us back. My men were eager for the fight. I felt confident that I could dislodge the enemy and drive them from their position. I sent for General Buckner. He had gone to the right and was conducting another movement. There was no time for delay. I concluded to take the responsibility and make the effort. I marched the regiment across the abatis, a distance of more than a quarter of a mile. When I reached the little ravine where Forrest was with this cavalry I halted the regiment, and was joined by the two detached companies. In front of us was on open space, which had formerly been occupied as a camp. This space was about 200 yards in width. Beyond the space in the timber and thick undergrowth the enemy were posted. I directed the regiment, when the command was given, to march at quick-time across the space and not to fire a gun until they reached the woods in which the enemy were posted. The order was admirably executed, and although we lost 50 men in killed and wounded in crossing the space, not a gun was fired until the woods were reached. The enemy stood their ground until we were within 40 yards of them, when they fled in great confusion, under a most destructive fire. This

