
rifle pits and forming abatis by felling timber, but the supply of tools was wholly inadequate, and before the works were scarcely half completed the enemy appeared in our front on Wednesday, the 12th, about 12 m.

After this the incessant fire from the enemy's sharpshooters rendered labor upon our works almost impossible during the day, and large fatigue parties were necessary during the entire nights of Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, although the weather was intensely cold.

On Thursday, the 13th, the Fourteenth Mississippi, commanded by Major W. L. Doss, and the Forty-first Tennessee, commanded by Colonel Farquharson, were temporarily attached to my brigade. The center of my portion of the line, being the most elevated and commanding point, was defended by Captain Porter's light battery of six guns, while Captain Graves' battery was posted near the left, commanding a long, wide valley, separating my left from Colonel Heiman's right. The position was an admirable one to support my left and Colonel Heiman's right, while it also commanded the hills immediately in front.

About 11 o'clock on Thursday I discovered the enemy moving in considerable force upon Colonel Heiman's center, and before the column came within range of Colonel Heiman, and, indeed, before to could be seen from Colonel Heiman's position, I directed Captain Graves to open fire from all his guns, which he did with such spirit and fatal precision that in less than fifteen minutes the whole column staggered of the hill still farther to our left, when Colonel Heiman opened fire upon it and drove it beyond range of both his and my guns.

Later in the day the enemy planted one section of a battery on a hill almost in front of Captain Graves and opened and enfilading fire upon the left of my line, and at the same time a cross-fire upon Colonel Heiman. Captain Graves, handling his favorite rifle piece with the same fearless coolness that characterized his conduct during the entire week, in less than ten minutes knocked one of the enemy's guns from its carriage, and almost at the same moment the gallant Porter disabled and silenced the other, while the supporing infantry retreated precipitately before the storm of grape and canister poured into their ranks from both batteries.

Nearly one-half of my command was constantly deployed in the rifle pits, while the residue was held under arms and in positions a reserve; but on Thursday, Colonel Hanson, on the extreme right, being attacked by a large force, I sent, by General Buckner's orders, the Eighteenth Tennessee to his support, which remained with him until Friday night.

On Saturday morning I had orders to move my command towards the left so soon as Colonel Head should relieve my men in the rifle pits. He was late in reporting, and, without waiting longer, I put the column in motion, directing the men in the rifle pits to follow us as soon as relieved, which they did very promptly, but in some disorder. My whole command was provided with three days' cooked rations, and marched with their knapsacks, the purpose being to turn the enemy's right wing and march out on the Wynn's Ferry road to fall back upon Nashville.

Arriving at the point where the Wynn's Ferry road crosses the entrenchments, the Third Tennessee was deployed in the rifle pits, while remaining regiments were held in reserve. The enemy had already been attacked on his right by our left wing, and we were awaiting the proper moment of co-operation, and by General Buckner's directions I sent the Fourteenth Mississippi to the front as skirmishers, the enemy occupying a hill in considerable force not far distant. The Third and Eight-

