HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Tom's Creek, January 3, 1862.

Colonel JONATHAN CRANOR,

Commanding Fortieth Ohio Volunteers

DEAR SIR: My messenger, who was sent to you, did not reach me till Wednesday evening. Fearing he had been captured, I halted at the end of one day's march, and dispatched another, who met the first one 18 miles on the way, and returned with him. I then moved on to this place, and have this evening succeeded in getting my trains here, over almost impassable roads. From what I have learned of the country through which you are to pass I am quite sure you cannot have made more than half or two-thirds the distance to Prestonburg. I send a messenger to apprise you of the present posture of the enemy and of my force.

The main body of his force is encamped on Hagar's farm, about 3 miles from Paintsville, on the road leading to Prestonburg. He has a force of from 300 to 400 cavalry encamped at the mouth of Jennie's Creek, 2 miles above Paintsville, on Paint Creek.

It is rumored that he has re-enforcements coming in from Virginia by way of Piketon. this is only a rumor, to which I do not give much credit, but which you will need to inquire into.

The tardiness with which my Kentucky forces are coming up, together with the ascertained character of the roads over which you are to pass, leads me to delay the time of our attack. You will advance as rapidly as possible, but with great caution as you approach the vicinity of the enemy. I shall probably be at the mouth of Jennie's Creek on Monday night.

We must immediately open and maintain a line of safe communication between our two columns. Let me hear from you very often.

Very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Pardee, January 5, 1862.

Captain P. BUNKER,

Commanding Post, Louisa, Ky.

DEAR SIR: Your report of yesterday, containing an intercepted letter of Dr. Shelton, is just received.* I am very much gratified with the intelligence that you have killed or disabled Smith and captured some of his associates. Send away all such men as fast as possible. You are doing good service in your present position, as the enemy is evidently anxious to outflank me and, if possible, cut off my supplies. Make frequent reports of your operations and give me any information you may obtain which will forward the success of our expedition. I sent you full orders a few day since. which I hope have reached your before this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

