
XVII.

de-camp to General Johnson, brought the order to vacate the rifle pits without the least noise and to follow the movement of the troops on my left, stating at the same time that it was the intention to fight through their lines before the break of day. All the forces were concentrated near Dover, under the command of General Johnson. In the mean time white flags were placed on the works of our former lines, and by the time the sun rose above the horizon our forces were surrendered.

Much credit is due to Captains Maney and Parker, of the artillery, for their gallant conduct during the action, as well as to many other officers and men, whom, in the absence of reports from their respective commanders, I am unable to particularize; but it gives me great pleasure to state that, with very few exceptions, they all have done their duty like brave and gallant soldiers.

To Captain Leslie Ellis, acting assistant adjutant-general, and my aide-de-camp, Captain Bolen, I am particularly indebted for their untiring exertions in assisting me in the performance of my duties. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. HEIMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major GEORGE B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 64. Report of Lieutenant T. McGinnis, Acting Adjutant Forty-second Tennessee Infantry.

COLUMBIAN HOTEL,

Richmond, Va., August 11, 1862.

SIR: The Forty-second Tennessee Regiment, Colonel Quarles, was quartered at Clarksville, Tenn., and Wednesday, February 12, received orders from Brigadier-General Pillow to proceed to Fort Donelson, where we arrived next morning, on a transport, under a heavy fire. The companies were formed on the boat and marched off

in regular order, and in passing through the village of Dover we had 2 or 3 men wounded (1 mortally) by the enemy's shells. We were consigned to Colonel Heiman's brigade, where a hot fire was then being carried on. Three companies were thrown into the trenches on the flank of Colonel Abernathy's regiment; the balance were retained as a support. Soon after our arrival the firing ceased and the enemy withdrew.

In the course of the evening the whole regiment was thrown into the trenches, where they remained until Saturday morning, with but little skirmishing, when the regiment was ordered about half a mile to the left and and again placed in the trenches. Here it was not designated to what brigade the regiment belonged. A heavy conflict was here being waged in our front about 10 a. m. I believe it was your brigade engaged, and it was here the coolness and daring of Colonel Quarles first became conspicuous. The regiment on his flank began to leave the trenches under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries. Colonel Quardes rallied the stragglers and returned them to the trenches.

The regiment remained here until about 4 p. m., when we were ordered to the extreme right, where the enemy were reported to have taken some of our trenches. Cold and benumbed as were the troops, they double-

