
Johnston, of the First Mississippi, all won for themselves the confidence of their command and are entitled to the highest commendation of their countrymen. Captain R. B. Ryan and Sergt. Major T. H. Wilson acted as my aides, and discharged their duty gallantly.

If wound give me much pleasure to mention the names of company officers who distinguished themselves for efficiency and gallantry, but their conduct will be made known by their respective regimental commanders.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. SIMONTON,

Colonel First Miss. Regiment, Commanding Brigadier at Battle of Fort Donelson.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army.

Numbers 67. Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. B. Lyon, Eighth Kentucky Infantry (Confederate).
HEADQUARTERS EIGHT KENTUCKY REGIMENT,Dover, Tenn., February 17, 1862.

SIR: In our engagement with the Federal troops on Thursday, the 13th instant, the Eighth Kentucky Regiment was behind our entrenchment and withstood the fire of a battery of at times four and two guns, stationed immediately in its front, at about 700 yards distance from the regiment, for about six hours. the firing was often terrific, and the regiment lost 2 killed and 10 wounded. The men were also exposed to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, by which only 1 man was slightly wounded.

On the 15th instant the regiment engaged the enemy in the woods on the left flank and in front of our entrenchments; fought gallantly, assisting to whip and drive back the enemy; sustaining the loss of 17 men killed, 46 officers and men wounded, and 1 man missing, and returned to the entrenchments about 12 o'clock m., from which time until night it was exposed to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, but losing no men from their fire.

No officers and men could have acted more gallantly than did those of the Eighth Kentucky Regiment at all times during the three days' fight. Among the most daring on the 15th on the field I must mention Major R. B. Henry, who had his horse shot under him, and was conspicuous for his bravery in all parts of the field where there was danger. Among the captains, lieutenants, and men I cannot discriminate; the actions of all were very gallant and highly commendable at all times.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. LYON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Kentucky Regiment.

Colonel DAVIDSON,

Commanding Brigade.

