
the river to the mouth of Muddy Branch, a little below the mouth of Paint Creek; at any rate, they can be taken to the mouth of George's Creek. I hope you have succeeded in getting Colonel Lightburn's regiment to come up and co-operate with us. The enemy is rallying for a desperate effort, and the expedition is growing up to proportions that I did not at first expect, but if our friends come up to the work our prospect is very good. I have sent by the messenger who bears this a dispatch to General Cox, asking him to move his expedition to Logan Court-House, westward, and held cut off the enemy's retreat. Please send forward the dispatch.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Very truly, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Camp Pardee, January 5, 1862.

Major J. J. HOFFMAN,

Commanding Squadron Second Virginia Cavalry

DEAR SIR: Your messenger has just arrived (11 o'clock p. m.) with your letter, inclosing a letter from Colonel Bolles.+ I can answer your inquiries in no better way than to state my own and the enemy's positions, which you will understand from the inclosed maps.+

The main body of the rebel force is occupying a fortified hill 3 miles back of Paintsville, on the road leading to Prestonburg. At the mouth of Jennie's Creek, 4 or 5 miles from the main camp, there are from 400 to 500 rebel cavalry encamped. They are actively engaged in arresting Union men and plundering Union property. Our scouts have had two or three skirmishes with them within the last two days. I have only two companies (175) of cavalry, and they have not yet obtained their full outfit, and have had but little drill. I cannot rely upon them for much more than scout duty.

I am exceedingly glad to hear that Colonel Bolles' command is on the way to assist me; and it is my purpose to move on toward Paintsville, via the mouth of Muddy Branch, to-morrow, and send Colonel Bolles, in connection with my squadron of cavalry, to attack the rebel cavalry, and cut them off or drive them back as soon as his force arrives. I was greatly in hopes that he would reach here to-morrow, and advance upon the enemy at the same time that my column moves down another route to occupy Paintsville. I hope you will find it consistent with your orders from superior officers in your department to join me at once, and I hope Colonel Boles will come on as soon as possible. I am informed that he can pass around by the headwaters of the Blaine and reach this point as soon as he could by the way of Louisa. He can take that route with safety.

By the united efforts of all our forces I have strong hopes that we may capture the whole army under General Marshall.

Hoping to see you soon, I am, dear sir, very respectfully yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

*Some matter of detail omitted.

+Not found.

---------------

