
no member of this staff ever saw such a dispatch, I am confirmed in that impression. The generals at Donelson can settle it, and I entertain no doubt that they will all assert that no re-enforcements were asked for, as they knew how much the command had been weakened by sending Floyd's and Buckner's forces to that place, and how greatly larger was the enemy's forces pressing on his rear, as well as the fact that General Johnston's troops were on their march between Bowling Green and Nashville and could not get there in time to do any good.

And further I say not.

ED. W. MUNFORD.

Extract from letter of Major Munford to committee, covering the foregoing.

SIR: With this note be pleased to receive answers to the interrogatories propounded to me by yourself as the chairman of the special committee of the House. They have been prepared from the records, from my own memory of facts, and from such other sources of information as I knew to be reliable, and are sent with the hope that both you and the committee may be somewhat assisted by them in arriving at the truth.

* * * * * * *

ED. W. MUNFORD.

Honorable HENRY S. FOOTE, &amp;c.

Testimony of Colonel John McCausland and Captain F. P. Turner.

The following are the questions propounded to Colonel John McCausland, of the Thirty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, and Captain F. P. Turner, Company G, Thirty-sixth Regiment Virginia Volunteers:

1st. How long had you been serving in the command of Brigadier General John B. Floyd prior to the surrender of Fort Donelson?

Answer by Colonel McCausland. I have been serving in that brigade from August last until after the surrender of the fort in question.

2nd. Were you with your regiment in the contest at Fort Donelson which resulted in its surrender by the Confederate troops?

Answer by the same. I was.

3rd. Was the army, in your opinion, in such a condition on Saturdays morning preceding the surrender of Donelson on Sunday morning as to have rendered it possible to enable it to cut its way through the enemy's lines and make its escape without a surrender ; and, if so, what, in your judgment, must have been the loss by such an effort, whether successful or unsuccessful?

Answer by the same. I do not think it would have been possible for our troops to have cut their way through the enemy's lines. An attempt would certainly have resulted in the loss of one-half of our entire army, including the whole baggage, army supplies, and artillery.

4th. When did the steamboats, upon which General Floyd and a portion of his command escaped from Donelson, arrive at that point?

Answer by the same. They did not arrive until Sunday morning about daylight, and when they did arrive they were loaded - one with corn and the other with ammunition and provisions, brought for immediate use.

JOHN McCAUSLAND,

Colonel Thirty-sixth Virginia Regiment.

The position should never be abandoned. Its strategic importance cannot be exaggerated. On the Tennessee side it is naturally almost impregnable and art can make it completely so. If abandoned, it cannot be easily retaken.

Can re-enforcements be sent us?

Respectfully,

JAMES E. RAINS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

General S. COOPER.

27 R R - VOL VII

