
water. Our troops, though they have been upon the march for two days and without sleep for the greater part of three successive nights, are in the highest spirits. I know not how to express my grateful acknowledgments to all the officers and soldiers comprising the Third Division. Their promptitude, energy, and indomitable courage will win, I trust, the confidence and approval of the general commanding the department and of the entire country.

Our victory is a bloodless one, but not the less important. I find on examination Bowling Green is susceptible of the most perfect defense. One of the works on the north side of the river is admirably constructed and beautifully finished. I regret the loss of many valuable buildings in the town by fire. Our effort to drive the enemy from the town by our artillery did not prevent them from firing the depot and several other public buildings. We found a large supply of corn, partly consumed by fire. One locomotive on the track was injured badly by firing the wood in the tender. Five or six locomotives in the engine-house have been partially destroyed by the fire. Three of them it is thought may be repaired. We find on the track at the depot several platform, cars, some house cars, several hand cars, with a piece of artillery mounted upon a platform car ready for removal, but which the enemy was compelled to abandon by our unexpected attack. A large supply of flour and beef has been distributed among the citizens. Should our troops require it, I shall feel it to be my duty to use these stores as the property of the United States. Other stores, consisting of boxes of boots and shoes, of sugar, coffee, nails, tents, and saddles, have fallen into our hands, the enemy being unable to remove them from General Hindman's former headquarters to the south side of the river. Indeed, our approach was so rapid and so unexpected that the first intelligence the enemy had of our presence was communicated by the explosion of a shell near the depot.

I am informed by the inhabitants that our firing created the greatest consternation, and that the troops of the enemy precipitately abandoned the town, which but for this they would have done probably at an early day, feeling that other points had become of greater importance, and as their troops were limited in number they were compelled to concentrate them where most needed.

The railroad from this point to the tunnel is in perfect condition. The line of telegraph is also complete. About four miles and a half of track have been destroyed by burning the ties and bending the rails. If the rails were sent forward with chairs and spikes promptly, I think a single regiment could open the road in a week. I shall establish to-day a ferry across the river near the turnpike bridge. Captain Yates, commanding mechanics and engineers, reports that the bridge can be in order so as to pass teams in four or five days.

I send this morning a very train of wagons to Green River for supplies and forage. The quartermaster has been ordered to the country to purchase beef cattle, mutton, and pork. If orders were given to send by rail our supplies and forage as far as the railway is in order it would greatly aid us in supplying the division. It is important that some arrangements be made by means of which our mails may be received regularly and promptly.

I respectfully request your orders as to the disposition of those troops which have been sent forward to support my division. I think it important that Glasgow should be occupied for the present by one brigade. With that force thus posted I feel that our present position can be held against any force which the enemy may be able to send against

