
There is a considerable amount of army stores at Clarksville, particularly flour and bacon, which it will be necessary to move if the army is to fall back this way. I would suggest, however, that points above Forts Henry and Donelson would be more advantageous for us to occupy than where we are now - I would say about the railroad crossing on the two rivers.

It is my impression that by following up our success Nashville would be an easy conquest; but I only throw this out as a suggestion, based simply upon information from people who have no sympathy with us. White flags are flying from here to Clarksville, and rumor says the same thing extends to Nashville. At Nashville I understand one part put the white flag on the State-house, but it was torn down by another party.

I wrote you some days ago to have forwarded blankets and overcoats to issue to troops who lost theirs on the field of battle. The men are suffering for them. Shoes and other clothing are beginning to be wanting to some extent. I am ready for any move the general commanding may order.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff, Department Missouri.

FEBRUARY 23-25, 1862.- Evacuation of Nashville, Tenn., by the Confederate forces and its occupation by the Union troops.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Honorable Thomas A. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General D. C. Buell, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Ohio.

Numbers 3.- Colonel James Barnett, U. S. Army, of ordnance captured.

Numbers 4.- General A. Sidney Johnston, C. S. Army, commanding Western Department.

Numbers 5.- Brigadier General John B. Floyd, C. S. Army.

Numbers 6.- Colonel Nathan B. Forrest's responses to interrogatories of Committee of Confederate House of Representatives.

Numbers 7.- Colonel Leon Trousdale's responses to interrogatories of Committee of Confederate House of Representatives.

Numbers 8.- Memorandum of Colonel W. W. Mackall, Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 1. Report of Honorable Thomas A. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 25, 1862.

Nashville was taken possession of to-day. The mayor, accompanied by committee of citizens, met General Buell this morning on the north bank of the Cumberland. Interview entirely satisfactory to all parties. One gunboat and twelve steamers at the wharf. Troops passing the river in good order.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

