
MARCH 1, 1862.- Engagement at Pittsburg, Tenn.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Report of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Congratulatory order of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, U. S. Army.

CAIRO, ILL., March 3, 1862.

Am quite sick, but at office. made demonstration yesterday afternoon. Too foggy to see much. Will try it again to-morrow in force. Saturday gunboats Tyler and Lexington attacked rebel battery of six guns, supported by two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, at Pittsburg River. Under cover of the grape and shell of gunboats, some sailors, and two companies of Illinois sharpshooters landed and destroyed house where battery had been placed. The enemy being re-enforced, our men returned to gunboats. Loss, 2 killed, 3 missing, and 6 wounded. Enemy's much greater.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Congratulatory order of Brigadier General Daniel Ruggles, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV. C. S. TROOPS, SECOND GRAND DIV. ARMY MISS VALLEY, Numbers 7. Corinth, Miss., March 8, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. The brigadier-general commanding the First Corps of the Second Grand Division of the Army of the Mississippi Valley has been requested by General G. T. Beauregard, commanding the forces, to express to Colonel [A.] Mouton, and his Eighteenth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, his "thanks for their brilliant success on their first encounter with the enemy at Pittsburg, Tenn., on the 28th ultimo [1st instant?], and the hope that it is only the forerunner of still more gallant deeds on the part of the regiment." To this testimonial the brigadier-general commanding adds his grateful acknowledgments to Colonel Mouton and his regiment for zeal and gallantry in the performance of a signal service.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Ruggles:

R. M. HOOE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

