
and Lebanon to get to Columbia. It is not possible at this season of the year to go by Liberty. I have therefore concluded to halt at this place for the general's instructions; in the mean time measures have been taken to remove all troops from London, and I am in hopes they will be able to start next Saturday, and reach here on Wednesday, the 27th. The roads between Crab Orchard and london are in wretched condition, and the animals very much reduced.

There are a large number of sick at Crab Orchard, which will make it necessary for Colonel Coburn to remain there with his regiment for two weeks or more.

Captain Gillem can give the general any information he may desire in reference to the condition of the troops and means of transportation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

P. S.- I have with me the Seventeenth and Thirty-eight Ohio Regiments; with General Schoepf, near Lebanon, the two batteries of artillery, the Fourteenth Ohio, and the Second Regiment Kentucky Volunteers. Bramlette's and Wolford's regiment are at Columbia.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

LOUISVILLE, KY., November 22, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

MY DEAR FRIEND: The Kentucky regiments are being consolidated, some forty or fifty fragments worked into about twenty-two full regiments, and mustered into service as rapidly as possible, and I shall except soon to get them somewhat in hand. They are now scattered all over the State for the convenience of recruiting. As near as I can ascertain, some 10,000 stands of arms will be complete their armament. Two of the Ohio regiments from Camp Dennison have arrived. The other has been diverted by our officious Governor to Gallipolis, where its colonel is telegraphing mysteriously to unauthorized persons for cavalry for his "expedition to J." The Governor evidently looks upon all Ohio troops as his army. He requires, I am told, morning reports from them, and their quartermasters to forward their returns to him. I shall stop all this sort of thing. But everything here has been done in the most extraordinary manner. Every colonel and brigadier-general has his personal establishment or army. I learned this morning that a company of cavalry, got up the Governor of Indiana as a body guard to General McCook, had passed through the city without reporting, and reported to its general. It is unnecessary to add that I ordered it forthwith to repair to another place. Then General Mitchel had his body guard, which I have been obliged to interfere with. Following batteries, which they toll the division commander he has nothing to do with. I mention these little times to show you what sort of organization and subordination has existed in these remote parts.

And now to some to strategy: Without abandoning any line, I am concentrating somewhat for the purpose of organization and outfit. I am studying the country and our enemy, and I believe I am wasting no time. I shall be prepared to do anything you think best after you hear what I propose to do, and I shall do nothing that you are not willing to assent to. I do not expect to be tardy, but I do not mean to be

