
LOUISVILLE, November 22, 1861 - 8.15 p. m.

(Received November 23, 1861 - 8.30 a. m.)

General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Danville:

If the regiments at London have not started to move by the time you can communicate with them, order them to remain at London.

By command of General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, November 22, 1861. (Received November 23, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 20th [21st?] instant from Stanford, ordering me to break up the camp at London and join you with my command, has just been received.

I shall endeavor, if I can obtain means of transportation, to start the sick and hospital stores forward in the morning, and hope to follow with the rest of my command just as soon as I can press or hire wagons to move the subsistence stores and ammunition now at this place.

Although this brigade has a great great of the Blue-grass country, and are most desirous of driving the rebels from East Tennessee in the quickest possible time, I trust there will be no difficulty in moving them to any point where there is a prospect of meeting our common enemy.

Owing to the condition of the roads over Rockcastle Hills it is possible that I may, in case I obtain a favorable account of the Somerset road, proceed to join you with those oft for service via that place. Should I do so, I will advise you by special messenger.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, November 23,. 1861.

General McCLELLAN, Washington:

I have a report not yet confirmed that Zollicoffer, 6,000 strong, has crossed the Cumberland at Gainesborough, probably on his way to Bowling Green; also a rumor of the same that about the same number have left Bowling Green going north. Neither is improbable.

The burned bridges are being repaired with my consent. I have a letter from the Adjutant-General. Have you seen cause to curtail my discretion? Will write to-night.

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Paducah, Ky., November 23, 1861.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have just answered General Halleck's telegram* in relation to Hardee's supposed purpose of crossing the Ohio between the Wabash and the Cumberland. I have said:

My last information was that 2,000 men, with three field guns, at Princeton, running off hogs - plundering generally. I have sent the gunboats Conestoga to gain information and watch the Ohio.

---------------

* Of November 22, p. 444.

---------------

