
at Bardstown, which is a convenient place in many respects. I can make no use of them in an advance. The Kentucky regiments are only partially organized, and can be but little used at present.

If I were to go into my affairs I should have the appearance of complaining over difficulties. I am greatly in need of general and staff officers. My own staff force is entirely insufficient, but I have no means of augmenting it which advantage. As for myself, I should myself a very high compliment if I hoped to come up the expectations which your first formed. I am afraid I shall have to ask a little patience.

Very truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.

COLUMBIA, KY., November 27, 1861 a. m.

(Received November 29, 1861.)

General THOMAS:

Since writhing to you last evening Mr. E. L. Aan Winkle has just come in with dispatches from Colonel Hoskins, who says that two regiments of infantry and one of cavalry are preparing and perhaps crossing on a raft at Mill Springs, 12 miles below him, on the Cumberland.

I cannot give full credit to the crossing, but it may be true. I still think they are only preparing to steal what they can in the way of provisions and retire; but they ought to be and could be hemmed in and cut off from here with proper movement and sufficient force. It will not do for the forces here to leave the stores unprotected, for the reason that the rebel pickets have advanced to Edmonton, 20 miles from here, and threaten us with forces coming on.

Althout I do not believe they have the forces behind, yet it will not be prudent to weaken this point while the question is one of doubt.

If you will thrown forward two or three regiments, with one or two place and take enough to knock these scoundrels on the head and stop this eternal annoyance by the raids of these hog-stealers. They are taking mules, hogs, &amp;c., as they go, and, unless driven out and crushed, will desolate the counties of Wayne, Clinton, and Cumberland.

Were there sufficient forces to protect the stores here let me have what could move from here now, I could get in behind these marauders and cut them entirely off. They report Zollicoffer's forces just behind, but that I think is all humbug.

Lieutenant Nell is sick, and I have no one to work his artillery in his absence. Can't the Ohio batteries be hurried up?

There are ample forces from Lebanon and on this way for all present needs if they were up this far.

Respectfully,

THO. D. BRAMLETTE,

Colonel First Regiment Infantry, Kentucky Volunteers.

LOUISVILLE, November 27, 1861.

General THOMAS, Lebanon:

Send General Schoepf, with one section of artillery, Wolford's cavalry, and the nearest regiment of infantry rapidly to Somerset to relieve Hoskins, who is threatened by Zollicoffer. Vary the forces if later information makes advisable. Be at all times ready to advance.

D. C. BUELL.

