
CAMP HOSKINS, PULASKI COUNTRY, KY.,

November 27, 1861. (Received November 28, 1861.)

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Headquarters, Danville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have received no reliable news from the rebel forces across the river for twenty-four hours. On last evening they came (some 20 in number) across the river opposite our encampment, but a preparation to level the howitzer at them dispersed them immediately.

About the same time my picket guard at the river at Mill Springs, 12 miles below this point, at which their cavalry are encamped, had a skirmish, in which 4 of the rebels were killed in eight shots from our Colt's rifles at a distance of 300 yards; and strange to say, although they fired some hundred shots at our party, the escaped unhurt. I have had all the boats on the river for several miles below and above this point sunk, and as they have but two boats of small capacity at Mill Sptiungs, should they attempt to cross at that point I shall meet and amuse them before they get over a force sufficient to cut us off.

I am now inclined to the belief that their forces is strong, whether Zollicoffer be with or not. Some five negroes (fugitives) from Monticello. Wayne Country, report that a strong force is now at and this side Monticello, and as all communication between this and that side the river has been cut off for two days by the main road, I am incline to the belief that it is true.

All my buck and ball cartridges are now distributed, and I send up the wagon for a supply you will oblige us by forwarding as expeditionary as possible.

I shall send a scout to the opposite side of the river, with orders to proceed as far as Monticello, if possible; and on his return I hope to be enabled to give you reliable information of their numbers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HOSKINS,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

CAMP HOSKINS, PULASKI COUNTRY, KY.,

November 27, 1861. (Received November 29, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Headquarters, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: Can you not send us Captain Hewett's battery? If we had him here with his battery I feel confident we could maintain our position at this place.

With a battery we could drive them from their position at Mill Springs, as there is a position the river opposite their encampment which commands it at a range of one-half mile, and as the ground slopes from that elevation to the water's edge with a precipitous bluff on the south side of the river, it is impossible to reach them without artillery. At the same time we are shelling them from that position we could leave a section of the battery at this place to prevent their effecting a crossing at this point should the attempt it, as they in all probability would do if they have the force which they are represented to have.

I am anxious to hold our position, believing as I do not that it is due the country from the noble stand which they have taken in favor of the Union, and once they have possessed this point there is no point of advantage for us to impede their march the north

