HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, November 28, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS, U. S. A.,

Commanding, &amp;c., Danville:

GENERAL: I have directed the quartermasters of different regiments as well as brigade commanders to endeavor to learn how many wagons they can gather in a day's notice. Some 25 to 30 will hew needed, in addition to those of the baggage train, to transport the stores and ammunition in case we have to move.

This morning I received a dispatch from Colonel Hoskins, stating that he was threatened with an attack by the rebels, whose forces were estimated at from 3,000 to 10,000, and asking me for assistance, but as my orders are to remain at London, I cannot without authority from headquarters go to his aid.

I have been informed to-day, by a reliable citizen of Knox Country, Kentucky, that secessionist in that country have gone South and left from 8,000 to 12,000 bushels of corn standing in their fields-all within from 1 to 7 miles from Barboursville-and 3,000 to 5, 0900 bushels of wheat.

The owners of above property have taken active and open part against the United States Government. There are also numbers of horses, cattle, and hogs. In case our force through Knox Country, could knot the above be used for subsistence of men? In Manchester, Clay Country, I am also advised there are 100 barrels of flour, which were ground for the rebels and are ready to be hauled off by them.

I hear that nearly the whole rebel force in East Tennessee has moved to jamestown, Fentress Country, except Rains' and Curchwell's regiments and some 200 cavalry, which are left at Cumberland Gap. The last news is confirmed by prisoners who have within a few days made their escape from the Gap.

The passes in the mountains south of Williamsburg are at this time unoccupied by rebel troops, although they have temporarily closed the roads by rolling rocks and felling timber in them, and it see,s to me that through one of the passes we might enter East Tennessee without encountering any opposition.

I have not yet in more anything of the paymaster. His presence here will do much good in more ways than one, as pay is actually needed by both officers and men. I shall be greatly obliged if you will order him up at once, for the men to think that they are never to receive any pay.

The arms asked for some time that they not arrived, and, as recruits are coming in daily are greatly needed. I would renew my request that in case it should become necessary to move my force to ny point West I be permitted to go via Somerset.

If the Sharp's rifled which were in the hands of the cavalry are turned in I hope they will be forwarded to us, with a supply of ammunition, as they were originally intended for the East Tennessee.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP HOSKINS, November 28, 1861-10 a. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE H THOMAS,

Headquarters, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: My scouts have just returned from Clinton Country, and report that the rebels (10,000) are certainly advancing. They report a

