HEADQUARTERS,Lebanon, November 29, 1861.

Colonel W. A. HOSKINS,

Commanding Camp Hoskins, near Samerset, Ky.:

COLONEL: In the absence of the commanding general I have opened your dispatch of the 28th instant. The general will be to-day when your communication will be laid before him.

I will state, however, for your information that General Schoepf is moving towards your camp nineteen companies of infantry and one battery of Ohio artillery, and will probably reach you as soon, or nearly so, as this communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBIA, KY., November 29, 1861.

(Received November 30, 1861.)

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I received a dispatch before day this morning from Burkesville that 200 rebel cavalry were at the ferry on the south side of the river; a few of them crossed over and went to Boles', saw and arranged with him and his partners for the slaughter of hogs, and return. The courier informed me that the men who are acting for the rebels are killing and packing a large number of hogs at Burkesville, viz, J. B. Alexander, J. R. Ryan, James and Sam. Boles, and Robert Cross.

I have no doubt but steamboats will be up in a few days and carry off the large amount of pork, wheat, &amp;c., the rebels are gathering upon the river. All this could be prevented by a force being stationed at Burkesville with artillery to command the river. The rebels are now in possession of the river from Mill Springs down. I sent out scout towards Glasgow, they went as far as Edmonton, and returned with a rebel flag, which the rebel cavalry had hoisted there the day before. I have a small at Lairsville, opposite Rowena, seven, including James Ferguson.

On yesterday some 50 rebel cavalry appeared on the southern bank.

Ferguson and his squad fired upon them, and after about four rounds the rebels fled, leaving one fine horse wounded in the hind leg, some blankets, &c., which our scouts secured.

I sent Colonel Wolford to the aid of Colonel Hoiskins with 500 cavalry, embracing part of Colonel Haggard's command.

As I have before advised, the rebels are at Mill Springs, in force about 8,000, but as yet have not crossed the river, and I do not believe will. I am still unshaken in the conization that their purpose is to seize all the wheat, corn, fat hogs, mules, &c., they can south of the river and return perhaps by steamboats or other craft; perhaps fall back to their former camps in Tennessee.

It would be an easy matter to hem them in were there sufficient forces to make the movement from here. Tho days' easy march would throw us in their rear, so that, with the river in front and around throw us in their rear, so that, with the river in front and around and we in their rear, no escape would be left.

Respectfully,

THO. E. BREMLETTE,

Colonel First Regiment Infantry Kentucky Volunteers.

