
Third Division.

Brigadier General O. M. MITCHEL, commanding.

8th Brigade.

9th Brigade.

17th Brigade.

Fourth Division.

Brigadier General W. NELSON, commanding.

10th Brigade.

15th Brigade.

19th Brigade.

Fifth Division.

Brigadier General T. L. CRITTENDEN, commanding.

13th Brigade.

14th Brigade.

3rd Regiments Kentucky Cavarly (Jackson's).

- Battery.

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, December 3, 1861.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville:

MY DEAR BUELL: I inclose two letters, which were referred to me by the President and were intended for your eye. I do so, feeling sure that your sympathize with me in my intense regard for the noble Union men of Eastern Tennessee; that you will overlook all mere matters of form, and that you will devote all your energies towards the salvation of men so imminently deserving our protection. I understand your movements and fully concur in their propriety, but I must sill urge the occupation of Eastern Tennessee as a duty we owe our gallant friends there who have not hesitated to espouse our cause.

Please send, them, with the least possible delay, troops enough to protect these men. I still feel sure that the best strategical move in this case will be that dictated by the simple feelings of humanity. We must presence these noble fellows from harm; everything urges us to do that-faith, interest, and loyalty. For the sake of these Eastern Tennesseeans who have taken part with us I would gallantly sacrifice mere military advantages; they deserve our protection, and at all hazards they must have it. I know that your nature is noble enough to forget any slurs they may cast upon you. Prefect the true men and you have everything to look forward to. In no event all them to be crushed out.

I have ordered one regular and one excellent volunteer battery to join you. To-day I ordered 10,000 excellent arms to be sent to you at Louisville. I have directed all your requisitions to be filled at once. You may fully rely on my full support in the movement I have so much at heart-the liberation of Eastern Tennessee.

Write to me often, fully, and confidentially. If you gain and retain possession of Eastern Tennessee you will have won bright laurels than any I hope to gain.

With the utmost confiderance and firmest friendship, I am, truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

P. S.-This letters has been dictated by no doubt as to your movements and intentions, but only by my feelings for the Union men of Eastern Tennessee.

[Inclose Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Camp Calvert, near London, Ky., November 21, 1861.

Honorable HORACE MAYNARD:

DEAR SIR: The copy of Ewenining Star received this evening assures me you have not forgotten me.

