SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 23. Louisville, Ky., December 5, 1861.

* * * * *

X. The Twelfth Brigaded is detachment form the First Division and will report direct to these headquarters.

XI. The Eleventh Brigade is for the present placed under the command of Brigadier-General Thomas.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

OLIVER D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 24. Louisville, Ky., December 5, 1861.

* * * * *

V. The Seventeenth Brigaded, consisting of the Fifteenth Kentucky, Third Ohio, Thirteenth Ohio, is assigned to the Third Division, and will assemble all at Elizabethtown as soon as quipped and transportation is furnished. The senior officer will take command.

The Kentucky regiment will not move until mustered into United Stetes service.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY],

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, December 6, 1861.

Brigadier General H. THOMAS,Commanding Eastern Division:

GENERAL: The enemy crossed the Cumberland, as near as I can learn, with four regiments of infantry, two regiments of cavarly, end eight pieces of artillery. As there was no position near the river that could have been held by small force under me (not 1,900), I deemed it my duty to move back about 3 miles beyond Somerset to a very fine position, that commands the Crab Orchard road and also the road to Stanford, where I now am, and shall await my re-enforcement and will then move forward.

The position and at Finishing Creek was untenable, on account of three roads flanking us, all leading to the different ferries, which rendered it impossible for me to distribute my few with any hope of success.

The movement of last night was nit know to the enemy until this morning.

The enemy had 300 encamped about 3 miles west of us, and, as I learned from scouts they were still crossing and moving down the river banks, where they drove is our pickets and took possession of the ferries at Hudson's and also the one at Patterson's, both of which have roads leading to the main road, about one mile in my rear, which no roads for artillery to operate effectively.

I could held a position where the enemy is encamped, had it not been for the unpardonable disobedience of Captain Dillion to occupy the point opposite Mill Springs, when I positively ordered him to do so. I have ordered him to report himself to me, when I shall order him in

