
The return which I sent you yesterday, imperfect as it, will show you something of us on paper. I look upon it as something of a success to have been able to show anything at all; but you will see that we have not attained yet to the first indication of efficiency-regularity and accuracy in returns. We will be more satisfactory in a few days.

We are beginning to be a little aimed. The other night a party of the enemy came within some 10 miles of us and burned a small bridge over Bacon Creek, which will be repaired in three or four days, and I discovered that they designed to destroy the piers of the Green River Bridge, the rebuilding of which is to be commenced in a few days. That would have embarrassed my prospective movements, and so I have had to put aside the intention which I was anxious to pursue for the present. I have moved McCook's division forward to Bacon Creek, with a brigade in advance at Munfordville. This will sir our neighbors up a little, but it cannot be helped.

Then, again, Zollicoffer's force has crossed near Somerset, it is said, with six regiments and eight guns. In content myself with sending sufficient re-enforcement under Schoepf to check him. I do not mean to be diverted more than is absolutely necessary from what I regard as of the first importance, the organization of my forces, now little better than a mob. I could fritter the whole of it away in a month by pursuing these roving bugbears.

I had a remarkable example of impudence in my neighbor Buckner last night. It was a request that his wife, two other ladies, a Confederate Army surgeon, and the surpose of his child might be allowed to pass to Louisville. I directed McCook to decline his request courteously, and courteously conduct his messenger to the other side of Green River before daylight.

Cannot you do something for Fry? I shall write again very soon. I hear nothing of the Randall companies.

Truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.

DECEMBER, 8, 1861.

Honorable Mr. MAUNARD and Governor JOHNSTON, of Tennessee,

Washington:

I have received your dispatch.* I assure you I recognize no more imperative duty and crave no higher honor than that of rescuing our loyal friends in Tennessee, whose sufferings and heroism I think I can appreciate.

I have seen Colonel Carter, and hope he is satisfied of this.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DECEMBER 8, 1861.

Genera; THOMAS, Lebanon:

What troops are probably with Schoepf Now? What others are on the way? Are the Thirty first Ohio and the Tennessee [regiments] moving? Have you further news from Schoepf?

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* Of November 7, p 480.

---------------

