
I have not seen the newspaper strictures you refer to; but I can easily understand their character. Before I left the West I saw articles in the Cincinnati papers of a most mischievous character and tendency, and I thought I had arranged to have the writers hunted out and whipper; but I suppose it was not done. I mentioned the matter to General McClellan one day. Said he, "Why does he not expel them from his camps? A professed newspaper correspondent is a public nuisance and should be abated accordingly.

I cannot approve your determination simply to "obey orders." The country has conferred upon you high rank in her armies, and she has a right to expect that you will bring all your abilities to her aid in sustaining her flag. You do wrong in allowing personal indignities, come from what quarter they may, to diminish your activity her service.

With renewed assurance of confidence and sympathy, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE MAYNARD.

LOUISVILLE, KY., December 9, 1861.

(Received Washington, December 9, 1861.)

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I wrote you last night; received your to two letters to-day. Will write again to-night.

Our ill-timed friends have destroyed the railroad bridge over the Whippoorwill, near Russellville. I tried to stop it, but was too late.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, December 9, 1861.

General THOMAS:

Will determine in regard to the movement of the Twelfth Brigade, which you suggest, when I hear whether the Tennessee regiments moved on Schoepf's call. Have you heard whether they did? What news from him?

D. C. BUELL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISA, KY., VIA MAYSVILLE, December 9, 1861.

General BUELL, Commanding:

I have reliable information that the secessionists are 4,000 strong in Prestonburg, Ky., with a re-enforcement near at hand of 2,000, and six pieces of artillery; Jenkins' 1,200 cavalry composing a part.

In haste, yours,

L. T. MOORE.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIDGE,Somerset, Ky., December 9, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Eastern Division, Lebanon:

GENERAL: We arrived here this afternoon. On the forenoon of the 7th instant I received a dispatch from Brigade-General Schoepf, telling me he had fallen back 3 miles from Somerset, and requiring me to join him "instantly."

