
forces or hold this section, and prevent a flank movement on Bowling Green.

Would it not be well to increase the force here, and throw sufficient numbers here to protect the sick and stores, and move on the enemy by the road to Somerset, General Schoepf making a simultaneous movement upon them from the other side? I notify you now that the enemy is in force on this side the Cumberland, and will not probably move in this direction.

The forces here are greatly disabled by sickness. The morning report showed over 1,000 sick and absent, and the strength of the forces here does not exceed 2,500 effective men who could be brought into action, exclusive of some 300 of Wolford's cavalry and including Haggard's cavalry.

The forces here cannot fall back with all their sick and stores. There of the regiments have on ambulances, and some have no wagons, and only one, the Nineteenth Ohio, is supplies fully with transportation. The sick and stores here must be protected.

Concentrate your forces here and with General Schoepf and move them simultaneously upon the enemy, and you will effectually cut him off. If this is done, it must be done immediately. I shall expect forces to defend this place and move on the enemy. If you have a brigadier-general of experience, you can place the forces under his command, or I will lead them with such ability as I possess.

Let me hear from you.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, U. S. ARMY,Columbia, Ky., December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Lebanon, Ky.:

SIR: I inclose your letter from Mr. george Bryan, clerk of Russell Country, Kentucky, a man well known to mo to be honest, true, and trustworthy. His information confirms and is corroborated by report of my scouts, except as to the number of the enemy's force.

A captain of Tennessee militia, who was notified to draft one-half his command and report to headquarters at monroe, Overton Country, Tennessee, reported here with 44 or his men. He expect 160 more en route for these headquarters.

The enemy are drafting the loyal citizens of Clinton and Wayne. Probably the 200 recruits reported as obtained in Wayne were drafted and impressed.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. T. BOYLE,

Acting Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

JAMESTOWN, KY., December 9, 1861.

Colonel T. E. BRAMLETTE, Columbia, Ky.:

DEAR COLONEL: I have the following facts reliable, viz: Zollicoffer's force are all across Cumberland River, except the Mississippi regiment and about 300 men under Colonel McReal; the latter are camped at Hiram Hall's, in Wayne. The Mississippi regiments are camped at Mill

