
LEBANON, December 12, 1861.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL:

Dispatch from General Boyle just received, His spy to Mill Springs, just returned, reports the enemy not over 7,500 strong, according to their statement. Spy believes they are not over 6,500. He was through their camp. They have but eight pieces of artillery.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH BRIGADE, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Columbia, Ky., December 12, 1861.

General WARD,

Near Green River Brigade:

GENERAL: General Boyle directs me to write that your communication is received, and, should occasion demand, notice will be immediately given you of the necessity of the advance of your command.

The rebel cavalry have ravage the country on this side the Cumberland River in the neighborhood of Jamestown and Rowena in a rapid march, killing some citizens and making prisoners of others. Colonel Worford and Haggard are in close pursuit.

Scouts report the rebels advancing from Glasgow towards this place and citizens confirm the report. No alarm is felt, however. It is said 7,000 are under Hindman at Bear Wallow and Horse Well.

Advices of all movements of the enemy have been transmitted to division headquarters.

The general request that you will urge the commanding general of this division to send forward to this point a battery and one or two more well-drilled regiments.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Near Somerset, Ky., December 12, 1861.

(Received December 16, 1861.)

Captain GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: Since my arrival at this place I have received Special Orders, Numbers 23, detaching the Twelfth Brigade from First Division, and requiring me to report direct to department headquarters.

The consolidated reports of the First and Second East Tennessee and Third Kentucky Regiments were forwarded direct to department headquarters. It is necessary for me to send duplicates to headquarters First Division?

Reports this afternoon say that the rebel Zollicoffer is throwing up defenses this side the river, near Mill Springs. If this is the case he could be readily captured by sending a force from Columbia via Jamestown to Monticello and taking him in rear.

Unless there is a prospect of doing something very soon, I wish to return to my position in front of Cumberland Gap.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Twelfth Brigade.

