HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, Ky., December 13, 1861.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Headquarters Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: I inclose not from Colonel Haggard. See it; rear it. Send me two regiments and at least one battery. We will go to the devil before we retreat from here. We can't retreat. The responsibility be on the proper authorities. Shall we be attacked by Zollicoffer

and by Hindman at same time? Send us two regiments and two batteries, in addition to the small of General Ward, and we will take both and move to Glasgow.

My pickets from direction of Glasgow and Edmonton have not returned this morning. I have no news from that direction. If the enemy crossed the Cumberland, I move the forces under my command and give battle at all hazards.

Send up a battery or section of battery. I see no reason in retaining all means of defense and attack at Lebanon, as they must some time be moved in this section.

If you have power, I shall except a battery and re-enforcements Respectfully, &amp;c.,

T. J. BOYLD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CREELSBOROUGH, December 13, 1861-1 a. m.

(Received December 13, 1861.)

General BOYLE:

DEAR SIR: We reached this place at Dark, expecting an attack every moment since our arrival. I placed pickets our upon every road reaching this place.

Our pickets from the Rowena road have just come in, bringing us importation that is reliable that 300 men had crossed the river at that point this evening and a large force on the opposite bank were crossing (said to be 3,000 at least). Their pickets came in the hearing of ours and returned towards Rowena.

Had you not better send us all the cavalry under command in Columbia? They have killed several persons at that point and robbed the citizens of the town. Write me immediately what to do.

D. R. HAGGARD,

Colonel Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, December 13, 1861.

(Received December 14, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: Since i wrote you my scout have returned, and up to 11 o'clock there is no reliable news of interest. My last contains all up to this writing, 2 o'clock p. m.

There are many of advance of the enemy, but I regard them as unfounded; yet there is a prevailing belief here that we are in danger of an attack.

Colonel Wolford was here this morning. The remainder of his cavalry have gone, with their transportation, to Green River, in Casey Country.

32 R R-VOL VII

