
Indiana Regiment, with instructions to scour the country in the neighborhood of Salome. (Saloma is situated on the Nashville road, about 2 miles west of the Lebanon and Columbia Turnpike, and is 5 1/2 miles from the top of Muldraugh's Hill.) I reached the little village of Saloma at 11 o'clock a. m. Here I could not find out anything of importance, and concluded to go farther.

Person whom we met on the road informed me that a party of Confederate soldiers, several hundred strong, had stopped at the house of a certain Dan. Williams, about 9 miles southwest from Saloma, on the Nashville road. These statements were confirmed by some of Williams' own neighbors whom we met, and the number of troops was stated to have been 140 men (Texas Rangers, who had crossed Green River at the mount of Little Barrene River.)

I went on and arrived at Williams' house about 4 o'clock p. m. On reaching the premises the inmates, who used very violent lingua get, acknowledged that the rebels had stopped there on the night of Friday, December 12. The road and fence near the house bore unmistakable signs of the late presence of a large body of cavalry. I was further informed that several of General Ward's scouts (Captain Payne) had been captured within a hundred yards of the house but a few weeks ago.

Mr. Mitchell, a neighbor of Williams, told me that Williams was now in the Confederate Army, and that on this account General Ward had confiscated some slaves and horses belonging to Williams. I went to the stables, and found there 3 horses, 3 mules, and 2 colts, which I took. Having instructions to return the same night, and not deeming it safe to go farther (we had marched about 16 miles), I turned back, and rejoined the force under the command of Captain Carroll, encamped on Muldraugh's Hill, twenty-five minutes after 8 o'clock, and delivered the live stock to him.

Yours, very respectfully,

LEWIS JOHNSON,

First Lieutenant Company E, Tenth Indiana.

CAMP WILLIAMS, December 17, 1861.

General THOMAS:

GENERAL: My pickets report an advance of the enemy on Somerset, and that there was heavy firing of cannon in that direction from about 11 o'clock yesterday until dark. I hope General Schoepf has given them a good whipping.*

Your obedient servant,

FRANK WOLFORD,

Colonel First Kentucky Cavalry.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF THE OHIO, Numbers 35. Louisville, Ky., December 17, 1861.

* * * * * * * * *

VII. A brigade is hereby formed for duty in Eastern Kentucky, to be constituted as follows:

Eighteen Brigade.

Colonel GARFIELD, commanding.

42nd Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Garfield.

40th Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Cranor.

14th Regiment Kentucky Volunteer, Colonel L. T. Moore.

- Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Lindsey.

---------------

* Some personal matter omitted.

---------------

