
Captain McLaughlin's squadron of Ohio cavalry and three squadrons (six companies) of the First Kentucky Cavalry (Colonel Wolford's) are attached to the brigade

* * * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Buell:

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, Ky., December 17, 1861.

(Received December 20, 1861.)

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding First Division, Dept. of the Ohio, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: Since my last nothing of interest has occurred. Colonel Hoskins' regiment, Twelfth Kentucky, reoccupies its former position on the river bank.

I shall move forward at day-light to-morrow with four regiments by three different routes in the direction of the enemy's camp, for the purpose mainly of driving routes in his pickets, gaining information of his strength and position, and of presenting to him an offensive attitude. It may be that the information thus gained will be of that nature as to induce me to attack him in his fortified position at Mill Springs.

I will report to you on my return to-morrow the result of my reconnaissance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SHOEPF,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

P. S.- Major Coffee, with the regimental band of the First Kentucky Cavalry (Wolford's), arrived this evening, in search of his regiment, but I could give him no information on the subject.

DECEMBER 18, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN, U. S. A.,

Washington, D. C.:

The Western Virginia batteries which your ordered do not come. I her nothing of the Randall companies.

It is of the greatest importance that I should have more force of a good quality in the quartermaster's department. Our transportation will never be ready. I need also a quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance officer to move with me. Can you give me McFerran for one?

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, December 18, 1861.

(Received December 18, 1861.)

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Lebanon, Ky.:

GENERAL: General Boyle directs me to say that Colonel Wolford sen a courier to these headquarters at 1.30 o'clock a. m. with the intel-

