
ligence of the enemy's advancing towards his position from Jamestown. He did not think the danger threatening enough to ask for re-enforcements.

The general sent our scouts on the various roads leading in that direction, who so far have reported no enemy found. Scouring parties of marauders are scouring the whole country. They even approach within 20 miles of this place and slaughter hogs, to transport to the Cumberlans. This is done in the direction of Glasgow. The general desire me to say that Colonel Haggard's cavalry are neither fully mounted nor armed. They have only 390 horses for a full regiment, and are not nearly all supplied with weapons. The general wishes to know if they cannot be armed and mounted, and if they are not to be attached to his brigade. It will be difficult to get horses here, as many have been bought up.]

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH BRIGADE,Columbia, December 18, 1861.

(Received December 19, 1861.)

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Commanding First Division, Department of the Ohio;

GENERAL: General Boyle directs me to say that the rebels are plundering and devastating the country near Edmont. They seize all the hogs in the country, slaughter them, and pack them with the salt they force the farmers and country merchants to give them. There is no cavalry force here sufficient to clear the country of them marauders, Colonel Haggard's cavalry not being nearly all armed, and it is too distant to send infantry, before whom the enemy's cavalry will clear the country and immediately reappear when our soldiers have returned to camp.

General Boyle directs me to say that he will march two regiments to Edmonton to correct this evil unless specially ordered to desist.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN BOYLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Somerset, Ky., December 18, 1861.

(Received December 20, 1861.)

General GEORGE H. THOMAS,Commanding First Division, Lebanon:

GENERAL: In my communication of yesterday I suggested that I intended to crowd the enemy to-day.

Accordingly at sunrise this morning I proceeded by two columns, one of three regiments and four pieces of artillery under my immediate command and the other of two regiments and two pieces of artillery under command of General Carter.

Proceeding about 3 miles, the road became impassable for artillery and the pieces were left, while I advanced with the infantry to a point about 6 miles farther and about 2 1/2 miles from the enemy's fortified position near Mill Springs, at which point we came in contact with the

