
Brigadier General D. C. BUELL:

I have no other information than that sent, which was in the exact words received. General Smith can perhaps give you more particulars.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

COLUMBUS, KY., January 4, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

I send you the inclosed, which has just reached me. It is from one of the most reliable men in Kentucky, cashier of the Branch Bank of Louisville at Burkesville:

The recent rains will raise the river so that Zollicoffer cannot be re-enforced for several days, and by a rapid movement upon him his forces side the river might be cut off and captured before aid could be thrown across to him, and then the re-enforcements could be met and also cut off or driven back. The rise in the river will temporarily destroy their floating bridge.

In haste, respectfully,

THO. E. BRAMLETTE,

Colonel Third Regiment Kentucky Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, January 4, 1862.

General BUELL:

Have arms gone forward for East Tennessee? Please tell me the progress and condition of the movement in that direction. Answer.

A. LINCOLN.

LOUISVILLE, KY., January 5, 1862.

To the PRESIDENT:

Arms can only go forward for East Tennessee under the protection of an army. My organization of the troops has had in view two columns with reference to that movement: a division to move from Lebanon and a brigade to operate offensively or defensively, according to circumstances, on the Cumberland Gap route; but it was necessary also to have regard to contingencies which, before the transportation, arms, &amp;c., could be ready, might require a modification of the plan. The time and manner of the movement must still be subject to such contingencies, though I hope to inaugurator it very soon. Our transportation and other preparations have been delayed far beyond my exceptions and are still incomplete. The arms-foreign ones, requiring repairs- arrived a week or more ago, and are now being put in order by the ordnance officer.

While my preparations have had this movement constantly in view I will confess to your excellency that I have been bound to it more by my sympathy for the people of East Tennessee and the anxiety with which you and the General-in-Chief have desired it that by my opinion of its wisdom as an unconditional measure. As earnestly as I wish to accom-

