
Columbus. The continuous rains for the last week or more have rendered the roads extremely bad, and will necessarily make our movement slow. This, however, will operate worse upon the enemy, if he should come out to meet us, than upon us.

I will probably send two steamers to a point below Island Numbers 1, where there is a better road leading directly to Columbus, and one leading into the back country, intersecting other roads leading to the same place. The troops on these steamers will be fully protected by the gunboats, and will not go far from their transports.

I have not prepared instructions for the the troops moving from this place, as I will be along and may have to vary from any plan that could now be drawn up. This movement will be commenced to-morrow, and every effort made to carry out your design.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Somerset, Ky., January 8, 1862.

Captain GEORGE E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division, Columbia, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: To day's work consists in making a reconnaissance with a large force (sent out last night) in front of the enemy's position at Fish wounding of several others. My object was to cut off and secure his foraging train, but bad roads and high water in the creeks prevented my plans being fully carried out.

Heavy firing has been heard during the day in the direction of Mill Springs, but it is supposed to be in honor of the day, as there can be none of our forces in that vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. EVERETT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 4. Louisville, Ky., January 8, 1862.

* * * * * * * *

VII. The following organization of bridges will be observed until further orders:

Twentieth Brigade.

Colonel FORSYTH, commanding.

64th Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Forsyth.

65th Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Harker.

51st Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Streight.

- Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Landram.

Twenty-first Brigade.

Colonel CARR, commanding.

40th Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Wilson.

57th Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel McMullen.

58th Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Carr.

24th Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Grigsby.

VIII. The Eight Regiment Kentucky Volunteers (Colonel Barnes)

and Lieutenant-Colonel Boone's battalion of Kentucky are assigned to the Sixteenth Brigade.

IX. Brigadier-General Ward is assigned to the command of the Six

