
so do our cause more harm in this State than good. If I can get the force in any way, I want to move forward; if it is stated that the force cannot be supplied, then I will remain here, to divert their force and peril my own reputation for the sake of our cause so long as the Government may think it advantageous to demand the duty at my hands. The move I am now making will throw me farther into the interior than I have yet been, and I hope, as I keep up my connections with Pound Gap and keep eastward of Cumberland Gap, it will not be considered beyond my orders "to protect and defend this frontier." There is no enemy on this frontier this side of Paintsville; there is scarcely a friend between that and the mouth of Sandy River near the line of the river.

If you can give me the regiments I have asked for, to increase this column to 5,000 infantry, and give me 1,500 cavalry and a good artillery company (I have the guns at Pound Gap), I confidently advance the opinion that I can go to Lexington. But it must be done quickly and silently. It is the service I want. I further advance the opinion that it will result in great good to the general cause, even if I have to retreat from the country afterwards.

Major Hawes has explained to me the reason why Charles E. Marshall (being my brother) could not be appointed a disbursing officer to my command. I consider the rule a sound and good rule, and yield a ready submission to it. I commend him, however, in the strongest terms to the position in some other command, and request that the President will select for this command some man of equal capacity as my brigade quartermaster. My brother is a man of high business capacity, but not in very good health. If he will accept the position in any other command, devoted to the cause as I know he is and has been, I think he will prove a fine acquisition to the service wherever he may go. The only reason I wanted him was my knowledge of his energy, capacity, and integrity. I would name Ed. S. Crutchfield as a man who would make a good quartermaster, but really I don't know whether he would accept the place. HE is at present at Bowling Green, I believe. I can commend h is sound judgment and energy, but I don't know much of his facility as an accountant, which is so very needful in the position.

To turn from these to some minor points of detail: Yesterday Captain Stratton offered himself, a first and third lieutenant, 4 corporals, and 15 privates, being, as he said, part of a mounted company raised in Virginia for my command; that his other lieutenant, sergeants, and some 25 men were on the way; that his company was completely formed, but he did not know when his men could get out, as those he had were fired upon in Logan County, Virginia, in coming out. They propose to enlist for three years or during the war. I accepted the men and administered the oath, after subjecting them to the usual medical examination. I told the officers I would accept them also, but could not promise them commissions or pay unless the company should be filled in a reasonable time to the legal standard. I have another squad of about 40, and still another, about 35, mustered by General Zollicoffer, and transferred to this column-incipient companies, which are in the same situation. After a reasonable time I think these had best be consolidated; but I did not think it prudent to turn off 20 recruits for the war merely because a full company was not presented. I hope the approbation of the Department will cover the course I have taken.

Major Thompson, at Pound Gap, informs me that he believes he can raise two full companies out of the five companies of special-service men at that place who will mount and enlist for the war, if I will per mit transfers so as to put the right men together. Some in one com-

