
desirable to effect a junction at Mayfield. As the matter now stands, the column leaving Paducah need not start until Saturday. If there should be future delay, I will telegraph you.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQR. FIRST DIVISION DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Camp near Columbia, January 9, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBIN SCHOEPH,

Commanding at Somerset:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 7th instant, submitting a plan of the enemy's entrenchments, has been received at the hands of Captain Hall. Your views appear to me excellent, provided the bridge of boats can be secured from freshest. It is General Buell's desire, however, that we should not cross the river unless absolutely necessary. His plan was that by marching from this place I should threaten his left flank whilst you attacked him in front.

Do you consider his position impregnable from attack in front? If so, let me know by messenger as soon as you can. We have had very bad weather since the 1st, and have another obstacle to-day in the rising of the creek near here. I am in hopes, however, that we shall be able to march to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH BRIGADE,Month of Abbott's Creek, January 9, 1862.

Colonel SHELDON, Commanding Brigade:

DEAR SIR: We have been about an hour. We were attacked by the enemy's scouts, who were lying in ambush at Aboutt's Gap, 1 mile back. Our boys behaved admirably. The enemy ran; we pursued. Took a musket and a horse, and have put the boys up on a hill in the woods to bivouac. The enemy is encamped 3 miles from here, up Abbott' Creek, at a point called Copperas Lick. Our boys are very weary, but I think we shall move on before daybreak. Their cannon are behind, and they will have a great deal of difficulty in transporting them. We have now a better hope than ever of making them fight. I want you to follow us with every available man that the quartermaster can feed just as soon as you call the men up from their beds and get hard bread in their haversacks. Get everything in good shape as possible, but hurry, hurry, hurry.

A messenger has just reached me from Major McLaughlin, saying he has sent for re-enforcements. I hope you have sent them already. If andy good men are left, send them to me. Now or never we must strike them.

Ever, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

