
Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I have received your letter, and will at once devote all my efforts to your views. Will write to-night.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 13, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your telegram asking for six more batteries is received. I have taken measure to have them ordered to you at once, and will endeavor to order two more to you to-morrow. I hope you will ere long receive the two regular companies from Fort Randal.

You have no idea of the pressure brought to bear here upon the Government for a forward movement. It is so strong that it seems absolutely necessary to make the advance on Eastern Tennessee at once. I incline to this as a first step for many reasons. Your possession of the railroad there will surely prevent the main my front from being re-enforced and may force Johnston to detach . Its political effect will be very great. Halleck is not yet in condition to afford you the support you need when you undertake the movement on Bowling Green. Meigs has sent to you the 400 wagons for which requisition was made. Should the supply of Government wagons be insufficient, I would recommend hiring private teams. If the people will not freely give them, why, then, seize them. It is now to stand on trifles. I thins Ohio can now give you five or six new regiments, that can at least guard your communications, and are probably about as good as the mass of the troops opposed to you.

I am now quite well again, only somewhat weak. Hope to be in the saddle in a very few days.

In haste, truly, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 13, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of Missouri:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 10th would have been replied to ere this but for the fact that my state of health has thus far permitted me to attend only to the most pressing business. I do not you had read my letter of the 3rd with much care when you sent the telegraphic reply. My letter states what I consider it desirable to accomplish, and in conclusion I ask your views and the time necessary to prepare, as well as the force you can use for the purpose. If you can spare no troops it is only necessary to say so, and I must look wise where for the means of accomplishing the objects in view. There is nothing in my letter that can reasonably be construed into an order, requiring you to make detachments that will involve the defeat of the Union cause in Missouri.

