HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 14, 1862.

General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Advance Forces, Fort Jefferson, Ky.:

In accordance with previous instructions, encamp at or near Blandville to-night.

To-morrow march with your entire command from 7 to 10 miles, on the most practicable route to Mayfield, probably through Lovelaceville. Next morning start two regiments of infantry and all the cavalry but four companies to join General Smith at Mayfield. At the same time send out a good portion of the cavalry you except to retain on a reconnaissance towards Columbus, and leave anything but an appearance of an intention to return this way with a portion of your force until you actually start on the return. In the afternoon, say, starting at 12 m., return again to Blandville. You will there find additional forces, and will receive directions for future movements.

Should I not be with you, you may find it necessary to vary the above instructions. It is not expected that the force thrown forward to Mayfield will be sent in the face of large army or that you will remain off from the balance of the troops and so remote from the base of our line to receive an attack from a superior force.

The arrangement in this respect will have to be left to your judgment, knowing that you will be better able to judge of the feasibility of the plan indicated than any one not present could be.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 14, 1862.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Forces, Bird's Point, Mo.:

To-morrow march your command to Blandville, leaving one regiment of infantry and one squadron of cavalry at Fort Jefferson and to guard the road at Elliott's Mill. Have all the approaches from Columbus watched, so as to avoid all chance of surprise. You will receive further instructions at Blandville.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 14, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

General C. F. Smith reports, January 10, that no troops have left Columbus for Bowling Green save the two regiments reported two weeks ago.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

