
Marsh's Twentieth Illinois Volunteers will join you at Elliott's Mill to-night.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

WM. S. HILLYER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., January 16, 1862.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding at Bardstown:

SIR: The general commanding desires to have the road from Danville to Somerset put into good order, and for this purpose he assigns you to the duty and to the command of the troops to be engaged in it. You will therefore at once proceed to Lebanon, and move with the Twentieth Brigade, Colonel Forsyth, and begin the work from Danville; 1,000 picks, 500 shovels, and 500 spades were ordered to Colonel Forsyth from this place to-day, and will reach him to-morrow. The Twenty-first Brigade, Colonel Carr, will be under your command, but remain at Lebanon, unless you find it necessary (which it is hoped will not be the case) to call upon it to aid in the work. Turn over the command at Bardstown to the senior officer, and give him such instructions as may seem to be necessary.

The general directs me to impress upon you the importance of the work proposed, as the supply of our troops depends upon its successful and early completion. The road must be corduroyed and, if necessary, from one end to the other, using for this purpose logs split so as to make a species of puncheon floor, and making the road not less than 16 feet wide. You are aware of the difficulties and dangers to animals in passing over a road of this nature unless it is well made, and the general therefore trusts to your judgment and experience in such matters to accomplish the object he has in view without giving you more detailed instructions. Any demands you may make for tools or appliances will be as promptly compied with as possible. General Thomas has orders to work in like manner on the Somerset end of the same road. It is hoped and presumed this duty will not occupy more than ten days, and your present assignment must be regarded as special and temporary. You will please report progress daily, if practicable, and on the completion of the work report by letter or telegraph for further orders. The general is conscious of the difficulties to be met in the ask imposed upon you, but trusts to their being overcome.

Draw your supplies from Lebanon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

BACON CREEK, January 16, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

The reconnaissance shall be promptly made. All roads are now equally impassable for trains, and must be built as I described. Two wagons broke down between my headquarters and the depot. I will make a wooden road to-morrow.

O. M. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

