
where preparations will be made for a large encampment. You have permission to visit headquarters.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, Ky., January 22, 1862.

General THOMAS:

My dispatch of yesterday advised you that you were to follow the enemy; whether that shall take you beyond Monticello must depend on your finding him embodied and the ability to supply yourself. You will have to depend very much on the country. At any rate occupy Monticello, which I want to hold.

Take a strong position to secure communication with Somerset and with the river at Jamestown, where a force has been posted to command the river. Strengthen the position at Monticello so that a brigade can hold it. Open communication with Jamestown. Establish a regiment and a battery of rifled guns with time fuses on the neck of Horse Shoe Bend, so as to command the river up and down and guard the road. Let your engineers get up a floating bridge of at least two boats there and at Somerset, and also a substantial pontoon bridge at each. Push these matters with the greatest possible energy. Put the roads in order wherever you go. Observe that you may find some of the enemy about Monticallo, and it is not improbable that supplies were on the way to General Zollicoffer by land, which you may be able to capture.

Inform me what force seems to be necessary at Monticello. Study the roads thoroughly and report.

Look out for a strong position on the river to protest the route and depot near Somerset.

D. C. BUELL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DANVILLE, KY., January 22, 1862.

General THOMAS,

Commanding Headquarters First Division,

Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The bearer of this note is Mr. J. B. Harned, of Paris, Ky., for whom I vouch as a worthy and loyal man, and to whom I have given this writing, that he may obtain your protection, in case he should stand in need of it, during a trip of necessary business to Somerset, a delay of some days there, and on his return.

He goes to Somerset in order to have an extensive library and other effects, now much exposed there, packed up, and, if possible, removed to this place. He goes by my direction, at the request of my friend the Rev. Dr. R. W. Landis, now in the military service of the country as chaplain to Colonel Merrill's regiment of cavalry, in Missouri, who is the owner of the library, papers, and other effects.

I take leave, in case this note should fall into your hands, to add my congratulations to those of the whole country on the occasion of the victory you have just gained. As yet we know only that the victory is complete. Beyond that we have only innumerable rumors. None of them mention any accident to you or any of your staff. My hope, therefore, is that my son has not only behaved himself well, but

