
that the good fortune of being one of your victorious column is rendered complete by his passing through his battle unhurt.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

ROBT. J. BRECKENRIDGE.

JANUARY 23, 1862.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

Report by mail, of which the following as synopsis:

Infantry present for duty and fit for the field, 41,563; infantry present, raw, not fit for the field, 20,393; cavalry present for duty, fit for the field, 2,549; cavalry present, raw or not organized, 5,251; artillery present for duty and fit for the field, 2,038, 108 guns; artillery present, raw or not organized, 708, 40 guns. In these statements the sick and absent are not included.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP WOOD,

Munfordville, Thursday, January 23, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

Your man in here; goes up in morning train. Twelve thousand infantry and 1,000 cavalry left Bowling Green for Paris, Tennessee River, under Buckner and Floyd. Whole force, 40,000. Three thousand at Russellville, from Tennessee, under Harris, fortifying Nashville. Johnston and Hardee still at Bowling Green. Sixty-four pounders sent back to Nashville. Sixty-days' men all gone home. Provisions plenty. Dying eighteen per day. No troops at Glasgow.

McCOOK.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Somerset, Ky., January 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have positive information that it is almost impossible to subsist a large force at Monticello, and as the roads are now almost impassable, it would be extremely difficult to forage animals at this place for some time. I have every reason to believe that the roads leading into Tennessee are in the same condition as the one over which my division has just passed, and the enemy having passed over those roads, our chances for subsistence and forage would be put poor.

I would therefore again respectfully suggest that I may be permitted to move down the river with my troops, taking our subsistence and forage in flat-boats, and co-operate with the main army against Bowling Green.

Zollicoffer's forces are entirely dispersed; they threw away their arms and disbanded, and should we go into East Tennessee now there would be no enemy to encounter. General Carter's brigade might go to encourage the citizens and to take them arms and ammunition, but I do

