
bridges at Waitsborough, and will progress with them as rapidly as possible. If I had two engines, the engineers could build two steamers in a short time. They would be of very great importance in our operations on the river.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Somerset, Ky., January 24, 1862.

Surg. D. B. CLIFF:

The general commanding the division grants you permission to accompany the remains of General Zollicoffer and Lieutenant Bailie Peyton to Louisville, Ky. Transportation for this purpose will be furnished you from the quartermaster's department. An escort of 1 sergeant and 6 men will be detailed to accompany you as far as Lebanon, Ky., and a transportation pass over the railroad to Louisville.

Upon your arrival at Louisville you will at once report in person to General D. C. Buell, commanding the Department of the Ohio, and, with his consent, can proceed to Nashville with the remains.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 25, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I returned this evening to Cairo, leaving the last of the troops from here at Fort Jefferson. They will be brought back to-morrow. The effect of the demonstration made by the troops upon the enemy cannot be positively stated, but there is but little doubt that Columbus was re-enforced, likely from Union City and Camp Beauregard. Several persons came into our lines from Columbus while we were out, and two gentlemen are to-day New Orleans. All agree in saying that public confidence in ultimate is fast on the wane in the South. The expedition, if it had no other effect, served as a fine reconnaissance.

I have nothing official from General Smith, but understand that Camp Beauregard was destroyed. The detachment of troops from Paducah that went up the Tennessee landed 2 1/2 miles from Fort Henry, and General Smith will reach Paducah with all his force to-morrow. I will then prepare a report of the entire expedition, unless the general commanding department shall see fit to permit me to visit headquarters, as I have before desired.

I have this evening issued a circular, calling upon the company and regimental commanders for a list of river and sea-faring men of their respective commands who are willing to transfer to the gunboat service. Men are absolutely necessary before the gunboats, now nearly ready for use, can be used. I contemplate transferring such men as desire it to that service, subject to the approval of the department commander.

