
by way of retaliation, you are to refrain from any unnecessarily harsh course towards the former. Restrain your troops from committing outrages upon persons or property, and make no arrests, unless of those who are engaged in war against your command or who are otherwise working actively against its comfort safety.

Be vigilant, look well to the discipline instruction of your troops, and report frequently.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SOMERSET, KY., Sunday, January 26, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL:

There are no supplies at this place. The road to Stanford will not be finished for ten days. The roads leading into Tennessee are in very bad condition. It is necessary to have the means of crossing the river, which we shall have as soon as we can get the cables from Louisville. I have sent an officer for them to-day. I have already ordered the road up the South Fork to be examined, and expect to know all about it day after to-morrow.

I have not been able to get a more complete list of the number of the killed and wounded than the one telegraphed on 21st. Hope to have it by to-morrow morning. The work of collecting together and securing the property captured has prevented Colonel Manson from landing in his report. He will do so to-morrow. I will then complete and forward my report . Can I send at once all the prisoners to Louisville except the wounded and those detailed to nurse them?

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., January 26, 1862-7.30 p.m.

General THOMAS:

Start General Carter's brigade to London, Ky., at once, with at least three days' rations in haversacks and five in wagons. They must move as rapidly as possible, without absolutely forcing their march. Conceal the movement from your captives. Yes; forward the prisoners.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Somerset, January 26, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: The commissary reports to me that he cannot furnish General Carter's brigade with more than two days' rations. The subsistence stores are still behind and come in very slowly. I can forward the prisoners day after to-morrow, and probably Carter's brigade next day.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

