HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,South Carrollton, January 27, 1862.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have received information from Hopkinsville that Colonel Forrest, with his cavalry, has it in contemplation to attempt to destroy Lock No. 1 on Green River. They have destroyed all the bridges on Pond River, which would prevent any attempt on my part to cut them off, as that stream is a deep, muddy one, and only fordable in a few places at low water. At present the locks are perfectly safe, as the water is 10 feet deep on them; but should the water fall while the armies are in their present position, they could easily effect their object before I could possibly assist the small party stationed there.

I do not think I ought to weaken my strength by sending away permanently a strong detachment, and would most respectfully suggest that 200 or 300 men be sent from Indiana for that purpose. There are some slight fortifications there, and that number of men could defend the place against such cavalry, as could be sent against them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. TRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,South Carrollton, January 27, 1862.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have heard that a large force from Bowling Green had come under Buckner to Russellville, with a view to intercept me if I advance or some here and attack me if I remain for any length of time where I am.

I am strongly posted, and am making my position stronger by erecting earthworks on the heights for the protection of the men.

I should have no apprehension for the result if attacked by 15,000 men, the reported force of the enemy with which we are threatened, but shall, of course, use every exertion to become still stronger.

If I am to remain here any time a few guns in position would aid me immensely.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, January 28, 1862.

Brigadier General T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Fifth Division, South Carrollton:

SIR: It is presumed that you have before this received the general's dispatch of the 24th [26th] instant, directing the return of your division to Calhoun and the general trusts that you have complied with it.

Your position at South Carrollton (being on the south side of Green River, which is impassable, at this time) is a very unsafe one, and you

