
Captain W. W. Lehand, commissary of subsistence, is appointed chief commissary in the field.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, commanding:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 2, 1862.

General GEORGE H. THOMAS, Somerset:

What now is the condition of the roads? How soon could you march, and how long do you suppose it would take you to reach Knoxville? Are your supplies accumulating in sufficient quantity for a start? How is the road in advance likely to be affected by the passage of successive trains? What dependence can you place in supplies along it, particularly forage? Do you hear of any organization of a force there? Where is Crittenden? Are the fugitives getting together again? What progress has been made in improving the road to Somerset? Please answer at once.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 3, 1862.

General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The destruction of the bridges on the Tennessee and Cumberland by gunboats I believe to be feasible. The gunboats can at this stage of the water run past the batteries at night without great risk. This accomplished, the making and holding Fort Henry and Dover [Fort Donelson] would be comparatively easy. Without that I should fear the force you name could not hold both points. It will not do to be driven away. You had best count on meeting a re-enforcement of 10,000 from Bowling Green at this time, besides what may arrive from Virginia with Beauregard, who is said to bring fifteen regiments with him. In fact 10,000 men under Buckner and Floyd left Bowling Green on the 22nd ultimo to go, it was said, to Paris, though they stopped at Russellville. That may have been because your force went back. I do not hear of the Virginia re-enforcement having started yet .

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 3, 1862.

ANDREW H. FOOTE, Flag-Officer, Paducah:

General Grant is authorized to furnish men for temporary gunboat duty by detail. Men will be sent from here as soon as collected. Arrange with General Grant for temporary crews, so that there may be no delay.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

