
PADUCAH, February 3, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Will be off up the Tennessee at 6 o'clock. Command, twenty-three regiments in all.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Near Fort Henry, Tenn., February 4, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

This morning the debarkation of one division, under General McClernand, took place 3 miles below Fort Henry, nearly in view of the rebel batteries. Not having sufficient transportation for all the troops, the larger portion of the steamers have to return to Paducah for the remainder of the command, under General Smith. I went up on the Essex this morning with Captain Porter, two other iron-clad boats accompanying, to ascertain the range of the rebel guns. From a point about 1 mile above the place afterwards decided on for place of debarkation several shells were thrown, some of them making effect inside the rebel fort. This drew the enemy's fire, all of which fell far short, except from one rifled gun, which threw a ball through the cabin of the Essex and several near it.

I expect all the troops by 10 a.m. to-morrow. Enemy are represented as having re-enforced rapidly the last few days. General L. Tilghman commands Fort Henry.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 4, 1862.

General McCOOK, Munfordville:

Try to ascertain whether the rebels have made any preparation for defense this side of Bowling Green by throwing up works or felling trees. Learn if they are doing anything in that way around Bell's and Bowling Green.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Somerset, Ky., February 4, 1862.

His Excellency DAVID TOD,

Governor of the State of Ohio, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 28th of January, inclosing a copy of the resolution of thanks of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio to myself and Cols. J. A. Garfield, and R. L. McCook, together with the officers and [men] of our command, for recent victories in Kentucky over the enemies of the Union.

It will afford me the greatest pleasure to comply with the request of the General Assembly to publish the resolution of thanks to my division, and I have the honor to request that you will convey to the General Assembly the sincere thanks of the officers and men of my command, as well as myself, for the complimentary manner in which they have approved

