
village, and require all your officers and men to encamping tents. Direct your surgeon to obtain some appropriate building to be used as a temporary hospital. Your regiment will act as advance guard of the brigade, which will follow you soon.

Aside from the necessary picket service I desire you to use all means in your power to obtain accurate and reliable information of the where-abouts and strength of the enemy, and particularly to ascertain what rebel forces, if any, are occupying the Sounding Gap. Report to me by return of boats the condition of the country so far as you may have found. You are strictly charged to restrain your command from all depredations on private property of citizens. There are said to be marauding bands of the enemy in that locality. Capture or disperse them. There is a large number of loyal citizens who will aid you as scouts till our cavalry can join you.

Respectfully, yours,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[FEBRUARY 5, 1862.-McClellan to Buell misplaced. See p.473.]

SAINT LOUIS, February 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Gunboats supplied with temporary crews and in the field. Mortar boats of no use at present. Enlistments of regular crews going on rapidly. Bombardment of Fort Henry now going on. Our troops have landed 3 miles below.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 5, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUELL, Louisville:

Our advance column is moving up the Tennessee-twenty-three regiments. More will soon follow. Can't you make a diversion in our favor by threatening Bowling Green?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 5, 1862.

General HALLECK:

My position does not admit of diversion. My moves must be real ones, and I shall move at once unless I am restrained by orders concerning other plans. Progress will be slow for me. Must repair the railroad as we advance. It must probably be twelve days before we can be in front of Bowling Green.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, February 5, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

It is reported that 10,000 men have left Bowling Green by railroad to

