
of the Tennessee River as fast as it can be securely done, and be in readiness to charge upon the fort or move to the support of the First Division, as may be necessary.

All of the forces on the west bank of the river not required to hold the heights commanding Fort Henry will return to their transports, cross the river, and follow the First Division as rapidly as possible.

The west bank of the Tennessee River not having been reconnoitered, the commanding officer intrusted with taking possession of the enemy's works there will proceed with great caution and such information as can be gathered and such guides as can be found in the time intervening before 11 o'clock to-morrow.

The troops will move with two days' rations of bread and meat in their haversacks.

One company of the Second Division, armed with rifles, will be ordered to report to Flag-Officer Foote as sharpshooters on board the gunboats.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 1. Camp near Fort Henry, Tenn., Feb.6, 1862.

A. H. Markland, esq., special U. S. mail agent, will take charge of all mail matter from and to the troops composing the present expedition, and make such arrangements as he may be authorized by the Department to make to forward the same.

All Government boats are commanded to carry all mail matter, and such persons as may have charge of the same under directions of Mr. Markland, free of charge to and from all points to which said boats may be plying.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 6, 1862.

General BUELL:

Telegram received. My dispatch of last night will slow that you meet my views. Draw in from Ohio and Indiana what you need. I telegraph to the Governors to aid you. I need not urge you to delay the move on East Tennessee as little as possible. I fully appreciate the obstacles. Same thing here. Communicate often.

McCLELLAN.

SAINT LOUIS, February 6, 1862.

(Received, Washington, D. C., Feb. 6-6.30 p.m.)

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Fort Henry is largely re-enforced both from Bowling Green and Columbus. They intend to make a stand there. Unless I get more forces I may fail to take it, but the attack must help General Buell to move forward. Our troops landed 3 miles below the fort and the gunboats are bombarding it. I am sending every available man from Missouri.

