
or such portion of it as you think might interest the general commanding the department.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 8, 1862-4.30 p.m.

General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

I notified you that two Indiana and six Ohio regiments were subject to your call for the Tennessee River. Have you received them? Please tell me from time to time the details of Grant's movements as much as possible, so that I may act to suit the circumstances.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Louisville, February 8, 1862.

General THOMAS:

Do not lose any time, but come on Lebanon as promptly as possible. I may want you immediately.

D. C. BUELL,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, February 9, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

The two Indiana regiments are coming by railroad; hear nothing of the six from Ohio. Are these in addition to the brigade spoken of by you as coming down the Ohio? I hear nothing of the brigade. Grant was near Dover yesterday, the 8th; hear nothing more. Mud very deep, and movement slow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., February 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

McPherson has reconnoitered to within 1 1/2 miles of Fort Donelson and had skirmish with pickets. High water and mud prevent transportation of Grant's baggage and artillery. Have taken twelve field guns abandoned by rebels. Telegraph wires between Forts Henry and Donelson pulled down. Trestle from abutments of Tennessee bridge to high land destroyed, but fine bridge left uninjured. Gunboats in pursuit or rebel steamers; understand one burned to escape capture. Will send Forty-eighth Indiana, Thirty-second Illinois, and two heavy guns to-day by Empress, making five regiments sent from here.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier General Vols., U. S. Army, Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, February 9, 1862.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Cairo:

All additional stores should be sent to Paducah. The First Nebraska leave to-night; the Second Iowa will follow to-morrow night. General

