
gone home. On Monday, the 3rd instant, it was at Gladesville, en route for Abingdon. Part of the brigade is still in the vicinity of Whitesburg and part is supposed to be holding Pound Gap, which is reported to be strongly fortified.

There are no present indications of Marshall's intention to regain his foothold on East Kentucky. There is a marked change in the feeling of the citizens of Sandy Valley in favor of the Government. Deserters continue to deliver themselves up in greater numbers than ever; 37 from one company of Colonel Williams' regiment have delivered themselves up.

If we are to advance far beyond Piketon it will be imperatively necessary that we be furnished with another squad of cavalry, for as I intimated in a former report a part of those under my command are of but little value to the service.

To obtain possession of the Pound Gap I would again suggest the importance of giving me a battery of light howitzers.

The roads beyond Piketon are more tolerable than those this side, and artillery can be made very serviceable in that region.

Yours, truly,

J. A. GARFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

SAINT LOUIS, February 11, 1862

Flag-Officer ANDREW H. FOOTE, Cairo:

I think some of the gunboats should be sent up the Cumberland, with the least possible delay, to attack Fort Donelson. Transports will be waiting at Paducah to follow them. It is of vital importance that Fort Donelson be reduced immediately.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, February 11, 1862

Major-General HALLECK:

The gunboats Lexington, Tyler, and Conestoga, under Lieutenant-Commander Phelps, agreeably to my orders, have proceeded up the Tennessee River, and destroyed or captured all the rebel boats, broke up their camps, and made prize of their fine new gunboat. They went up as far as the river was navigable. I move up to-morrow in another direction.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, February 11, 1862

Brigadier-General CULLUM and Flag-Officer FOOTE, Cairo:

Push forward the Cumberland expedition with all possible dispatch. In addition to the land forces at Paducah and on their way from Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, I shall send one regiment from here on Thursday, one on Friday, and one on Saturday. Push ahead boldly

