
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 6. Fort Henry, Tenn., February 11, 1862

* * * * *

2. Brigadier General L. Wallace, having been designated to remain behind during the expedition against Fort Donelson, will assume command of all the forces at Fort Heiman and Fort Henry. He will encamp all troops arriving to the best advantage for self-defense.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 11, 1862.

General WOOD, Lebanon:

Trains will be in readiness to transport your division (Twentieth and Twenty-first Brigades) to Bacon Creek, as follows: 10 o'clock a.m., to-morrow (the 12th), two regiments, baggage and train; 3 o'clock a.m. (the 14th), three regiments,&amp;c.; 11 o'clock a.m. (the 13th),two regiments, &c.; total, seven regiments.

The utmost punctuality and order must be observed. The baggage must be on the wagons, ready to be rolled at once on the cars. Under no circumstances must the baggage be thrown on loose, and the cars must be released as soon as they reach their destination.

Encamp your division at Bacon Creek until further orders, and be always ready to move at a moment's notice.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, February 11, 1862

General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

SIR: Your telegram to General McClellan of the 10th instant has been referred to this office. In answer I have to state that on Lieutenant Edson's requisition of November 24, 1861, 10,000 small-arms of the kind designated at Army Headquarters (Austrian rifle muskets) were ordered to be sent to you. These were represented to be good arms. On receipt of information from Lieutenant Edson that they were defective, in the cone-seats and required new ones, which he could have fixed to them, he was authorized to have the alteration made. On a recent requisition for 5,000 revolvers and 5,000 carbines the whole of the pistols were ordered and as many of the carbines as were on hand or could possibly be obtained were ordered to be sent to Louisville, to be followed by the residue of the 5,000 as soon as possible. Although we have out contracts and orders for a large number of carbines, their deliveries are not sufficient to meet the many calls for this kind of arm, and all that can possibly be done is to supply them as fast as received. Those purchased in Europe to meet immediate demands (by Mr. Schuyler) have turned out unserviceable.

All the muskets made at Springfield Armory are ordered to be sent here as fast as finished, and requisitions for other places can only be

