
filled by arms not made by the Government, of the best kind and quality it is possible to procure by purchase or contract. This Department is desirous of filling all requisitions with the best supplies, and has used and is using all the means within its control to do so. Such supplies are not always to be had on any terms or by any exertions to procure them as rapidly as they are called for.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 12, 1862

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Cairo:

I am re-enforcing General Grant as rapidly as possible. A large force is coming down the Ohio. Where can I communicate with you by letter to-night or to-morrow?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 12, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

I shall determine on my ultimate movements the moment I have something in regard to your position on the Tennessee River. In the mean time I am advancing in some force on Bowling Green, and preparing the rest of my force for either alternative. It seems to me you cannot well direct your re-enforcements up the Cumberland River. Is it certain that they can form a junction by that route? They certainly by the other.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 12, 1862

Brigadier-General BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

Gunboats have destroyed everything on the Tennessee to Florence, in Alabama. They could not get past the Muscle Shoals. Expedition started up the Cumberland last night, led by three gunboats, under Commodore Foote. It is reported that 40,000 rebels are at Dover and Clarksville. If so, they have all come from Bowling Green. If you conclude to land the column on the Cumberland, come at once, with your spare forces.

H. W. HALLECK

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 12, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Your dispatches just received. Will move on the line of the Cumberland River or Tennessee River, but it will take ten days least to effect the transfer of my troops. They are moving now as fast as possible to the railroad. Why is it necessary to use the Cumberland?

