
Where are the re-enforcements to land, where form a junction, and by whom are they commanded? Have you any map of the ground? If so,, please send it to me.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 12, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

General Grant has invested Fort Donelson on the land side, but he cannot transport his siege artillery from Fort Henry. Half of the country is under water. Sending the forces around by the Cumberland was a military necessity. There was some risk, but it could not be avoided. We must make the attack before the enemy has time to strengthen their works and increase the armament.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, February 12, 1862

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to subjoin a telegraphic dispatch from Flag-Officer Foote, from the tenor of which you will perceive that the matter demands immediate attention.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

CAIRO, ILL., February 11.

I trust that the 600 sea-faring men will immediately be sent to us. I am off again to-night with other gunboats, and have to transfer the men again, which causes the greatest dissatisfaction among them, and 30 have run from one steamer to avoid transfer. We suffer for want of them.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.

CAIRO, ILL., February 12, 1862.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT:

Like yourself, I am most too busy to write a word. I am now sending everything up the Cumberland by General Halleck's direction. Flag-Officer Foote left at 9 last night with three armored gunboats, and must now be on the way to Fort Donelson, which, with their aid, I hope to hear you have taken in a few days, and the backbone of secession broken. I am sending re-enforcements up very fast. Let me know your wants. I will write Lieutenant-Colonel McPherson in a short time.

G. W. CULLUM.

FEBRUARY, 13-7.15 p.m.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville:

How many batteries have you fully equipped and ready for the field? What number of cavalry, armed, equipped, and mounted? How many infantry?

