
proper force in a single week, and I think and hope it will be commenced immediately. We can neither repair the railroad nor the telegraph line until we shall make a halt of some days. The Engineers and Mechanics have been of the greatest service in clearing fallen timbers from the road. It is now in good condition and we have met with almost no delay. I send back in the morning supply trains to Green River. Our troops commence their march with songs, and shouts, and while I am writing I hear the band of the advance column.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. MITCHEL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 13, 1862-11 p.m.

General O. M. MITCHEL,

On the march:

I have just received your dispatch, and am gratified, but not surprised, at the spirit with which your troops advance. Be watchful, and be sure of what is ahead and on your flanks. Make good use of your cavalry. The railroad company will commence repairs to-morrow. It may not be advisable to continue them farther than to the tunnel, until it is certain that they might not be as useful against you as for you in some turn of events, which you would have to guard against.

The work on the telegraph will also be commenced to-morrow. The workmen will require protection. Wood will have his division at Munfordville to-morrow. My instructions mentioned Dripping Springs as the point to which you might advance for the purpose of discovering the movements of the enemy, but that is by no means obligatory on you, if you see cause to stop short of that. It is not intended nor is it advisable that you should be greatly exposed in the present stage of the plan of operations which I have in view.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 14, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Washington, D. C.:

Twenty-two light batteries in the field; five light batteries in preparation for the field; two seige batteries, eight pieces, in preparation for the field. Two companies of regular cavalry, aggregate 88, arrived from Leavenworth yesterday, armed, equipped, and mounted. No other cavalry in the department completely armed, equipped, and mounted. Carbines received yesterday for one regiment; nine other regiments are mounted and partially armed; three of them under tolerable discipline, the other six raw and uninstructed. Pistols and carbines are wanted for nearly all. Forty-three thousand three hundred for duty armed but raw and uninstructed, though actually in the field.

D. C. BUELL,

Major-General.

