
FEBRUARY 14, 1862

General McCOOK, on the march:

Halt where you are. Mitchel's report from the front indicates that we may be saved our trouble. He says Hindman has destroyed the railroad bridge and told some one the turnpike bridge was to be destroyed last night. Be ready to move in either direction, and ascertain where you transports are.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Forward to General McCook by special messenger in all haste.

OPPOSITE BOWLING GREEN, February 14, 1862-12 m.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL:

Learning by our scouts this morning that there was a chance to save the turnpike bridge, we have moved forward the advance guards at forced marches. We are a little late to save the bridge; it was burned this morning about daylight. We are now shelling the enemy at the depot, where the locomotives, with steam on, are distinctly visible with our glasses. We hope to prevent the enemy from removing their supplies, which are said to be very abundant. Our engineers and mechanics will soon enable us to cross the river, which we will to promptly so soon as the enemy are driven out. We will then commence work on the railroad and telegraph line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. M. MITCHEL

Brigadier-General.

LEBANON, February 14, 1862

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Want of trains is delaying the movement in a most unlooked-for, uncontrollable manner. Regiments have been waiting at the depot for nearly twenty-four hours. Must delay occur by such detention for the want of arrangements in the meeting of trains en route? One train with troops of my division was detained two hours at the Junction. Four regiments have gone and the fifth is embarking and will get off, I trust in a short time. Railway agent says it will be impossible to have transportation ready for remaining two regiments before to-morrow morning. Movement will be conducted as rapidly as transportation is ready.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 14 [?], 1862

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington:

The following is the force in the whole of the late Department of the Ohio, as nearly as can be ascertained at present:

