
Ninety-two regiments infantry, 60,882 for duty; 79,334 aggregate, present and absent.

Eleven regiments, one battalion, and seven detached companies cavalry 9,222 for duty; 11,496 aggregate, present and absent.

Twenty-eight field and two siege batteries, 3,368 for duty; 3,953 aggregate, present and absent.

The above figures include battalions of the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Eighteenth and Nineteenth Regular Infantry, and two companies of Regular Cavalry. Will report more particularly by letter.

The date are found in great detail in last department return except that eight regiment were detached for operations against Fort Donelson, and have not been returned.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, February 15, 1862-12.15 a.m.[?].

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Mitchel's division, by a forced march, reached the river at Bowling Green to-day, and is making a bridge to cross. The enemy burned the bridge at 1 o'clock in the morning and were evacuating the place when he arrived.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, February 15, 1862

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Everything looks well. Grant says we can keep them in till mortar boats arrive. Commodore Foote will immediately return from Cairo with two more gunboats. Troops are moving very rapidly to Fort Donelson.

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, February 15, 1862-11 a.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

I have no definite plan beyond the taking of Fort Donelson and Clarksville. Subsequent movements must depend upon those of the enemy. He is undoubtedly evacuating Bowling Green, but whether to fall back on Nashville or to concentrate on me is uncertain. I have only about 30,000 men in the field, but am pushing forward re-enforcements as rapidly as possible. The siege and bombardment of Fort Donelson are progressing satisfactorily.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 15, 1862-3 p.m.

Major-General McCLLELAN:

Garrison of Fort Donelson is 30,000. Enemy has completely evacuated Bowling Green, and is concentrating, on the Cumberland. I must have more troops. It is a military necessity.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

