
morrow with two divisions. The evacuation of Bowling Green leaving the way open to Nashville makes it proper to resume my original plan. I shall advance on Nashville with all the speed I can. Three brigades, however, and three batteries, under General Nelson, will embark for the Cumberland to-morrow. I shall recall him if I find Grant is not in danger. General Thomas passes through Lebanon for the advance to-day, and Wood's a raw division,reaches Green River to-day. Both of these are moving from the Somerset line. McCook will be at Bowling Green day after to-morrow unless inability to supply him until the railroad is repaired compels him to stop. Carter is at London yet, getting ready to advance. Garfield, by my direction is resuming his pursuit of Marshall to Whitesburg. Will write to-night.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, February 15, 1862-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General, BUELL, Louisville:

Halleck telegraphs 30,000 rebels in Fort Donelson, and that they are concentrating on the Cumberland; does not say where. He asks for more troops. Can you push on Nashville or Clarksville by way of Bowling Green in time to help him? If not, how soon can you re-enforce Grant? The advance on Nashville appears most decisive. Answer. Communicate with Halleck.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Major-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 15-10 p.m.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville:

Yours of to-day received. The movement on Nashville is exactly right. If Grant's safety renders it absolutely necessary, of course re-enforce him as you propose. But the great object is the occupation of Nashville. If that is gained, or even when your advance from Bowling Green is well marked, they will abandon Donelson, if the way is open for it. Do you need more rolling stock on the railroad and how much?

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, February 15, 1862-12 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

It will take a week to repair the road to Bowling Green. No formidable advance can be made until that is done; but I expect my demonstration at an advance to weaken their hold on Clarksville and Donelson unless they can drive Halleck out absolutely and if they can do it at all they can do it without any great delay. I cannot get as definite information from him as I would like. He must have at least 30,000 men. The division I am sending, which will be there Wednesday will add 10,000. Is it possible that will not be sufficient? If not, what will be? We need rolling stock greatly. I will ascertain how much. I will try to use Green River for getting present supplies.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

