
Come on the right points, and the enemy is defeated with scarcely a blow; but I have not forces enough to make this new strategic move and at the same time observe Columbus. Come and help me, and all will be right. We can clear Tennessee as we have cleared Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General.

FEBRUARY 15, 1862-5.30 p.m.

General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Dispatch received. Steamers leave here this evening to take a brigade on board at Green River, under command of General Crittenden. To-morrow two brigades and three field batteries will embark 25 miles below here, the whole under the command of General Nelson. Have them instructed at Smithland which river to ascend and where to land.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,February 15, 1862

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief directs me to inform you that within the past three weeks 5,517 revolvers have been sent to you, together with about 2,000 carbines. Yesterday 10,000 Austrian rifles were sent to the Governor of Ohio. To-day 4,000 single-barreled pistols, 5,000 sabers, 16,000 Prussian muskets, and 5,000 Springfield muskets (as fast as they are manufactured) have been ordered to be sent to you. More goods arms of all kinds will be sent as fast as they are manufactured.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, February 15, 1862

Brigadier General T. L. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: My telegraphic instructions will have advised you that you are to embark the effective force of the brigade (four regiments of infantry) now with you for service near Fort Donelson, under the command of General Nelson. Do so as rapidly as possible, and then proceed to Smithland and await the arrival of General Nelson, if he should not have proceed you, unless you receive other orders from General Halleck or the officer in command near Fort Donelson.

General Nelson will ask to have the two brigades of your division reunited, if the circumstances will permit on your arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department.

