
FEBRUARY 	15, 1862-3 p.m.

General McCOOK, Munfordville:

Try to be at Bowling Green day after to-morrow, leaving whatever assistance may be required for the railroad and telegraph people. Take the whole of your supply train and keep it going. If you cannot keep up your supplies you may stop at the Dripping Springs; leave your batteries at the break in the road, where they can be easier foraged until it is repaired. The three batteries of Nelson's division leave with Wood's division at Munfordville.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

FEBRUARY 15, 1862

General NELSON, Elizabethtown:

Move rapidly to the mouth of Salt River, so as to embark for the Cumberland to-morrow. Take no wagons except your baggage train. Send all others to Munfordville. Your ammunition train will be made up and put on board here, as well as there batteries. If any batteries or other troops are on the road order them back to Munfordville, and report by telegraph what they are, and as well as in regard to your movements.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 15, 1862

General THOMAS, Lebanon:

The railroad cannot transport you as rapidly as in necessary; therefore march your whole division, via Bardstown and New Haven, to Green River, so as to get across to the line of the railroad at Munfordville, then forward to Bowling Green. Move as light as possible, replenishing your supplies at Bardstown and New Haven. Take all the quartermaster's train you can with you. Start to-day, and move rapidly. Send forward your quartermaster to procure forage on the road.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Lebanon, Ky., February 15, 1862

Brigadier-General BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: Colonel Landram reports to me that all the public property at Mill Springs, except some tobacco, clothing, and wagons, has been removed. I have directed him to send the clothing and tobacco to Somerset and store them subject to your order. I made an arrangement with Mr. A. R. West to collect the wagons and hold them subject to your order.

Colonel Landram asks authority to sell them to the citizens of the adjoining counties, and I have directed him to write you on the sub-

