
All public property will be collected and turned over to Captain A. S. Baxter, assistant quartermaster.

Pillaging and appropriating public property to private purposes is positively prohibited. Officers are particularly enjoined to see to the enforcement of this order.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 10. Fort Donelson, Tenn., February 16, 1862

1. In order to secure the glorious victory acquired by our arms and to perpetuate it, the general commanding deems it highly important that the utmost vigilance should be observed to guard all points captured. It is ordered, therefore, that General L. Wallace return to Fort Henry, Tenn., with two brigades of his command and Willard's and Bulliss' batteries. Curtis' Horse is attached to the command of General Wallace.

2. Generals McClernand and Smith will each detail from their respective commands 100 men as extra-duty men, to report at once to Captain A. S. Baxter, assistant quartermaster, for the purpose of collecting and preserving the public property captured at Fort Donelson.

3. All prisoners taken at the surrender of Fort Donelson will be collected as rapidly as practicable near the village of Dover, under their respective company and regimental commanders, or in such manner as may be deemed best by Brigadier General S. B. Buckner, and will receive two days' rations, preparatory to embarking for Cairo. Prisoners are to be allowed their clothing, blankets, and such private property as may be carried about their person, and commissioned officers will be allowed their side-arms.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, [February 16 (?), 1862].

BUELL:

If I can send you motive power and cars to Bowling Green by way of Green River, can you not at once advance on Nashville in force without waiting for repairs of road? Time is now everything. If Nashville is open the men could carry their small rations and bread, driving meat on the hoof. Leave tents and all baggage. If you can occupy Nashville at once it will end the war in Tennessee.

McCLELLAN.

FEBRUARY 16, 1862-11 a.m.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville, Ky.:

Give me in detail your situation and that of the enemy. Whither did he go from Bowling Green?

I wish the position of things in full.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

