
Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Charles Clark, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS HOPKINSVILLE, KY.,January 8, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the information of the major-general, the official report of Colonel N. B. Forrest of his brilliant and dashing affair at Sacramento on the 28th ultimo

The report of Colonel Forrest is a modest recital of one of the most brilliant and successful cavalry engagements which the present war has witnessed, and gives a favorable omen of what that arm of our service will do in future on a more extended scale.

The loss of the enemy, it will be seen, is estimated by Colonel Forrest at 65 killed and 35 wounded and prisoners, and from private and un-official sources I learn that the number is not overestimated.

Our own loss was but 2 killed, but in the death of Captain C. E. Meriwether, who fell while gallantry leading his command into action, the country and the service have sustained a loss which I most deeply deplore. A brave and chivalrous gentleman, I esteemed him as one of the very best officers of his rank in the service have sustained a loss which I most deeply deplore. A brave and chivalrous gentleman, I esteemed him as one of the very best officers of his rank in the service. Colonel Forrest pays what I doubt not is a well-merited tribute to the gallantry and good conduct of his officers and men generally and specially. For the skill courage, and energy displayed by Colonel Forrest he is entitled to the highest praise, and I take great pleasure in calling the attention of the general commanding and of the Government to his services. I am assured by officers and men that throughout the entire engagement the was conspicuous for the most daring courage; always in advance of his command. He was at one time engaged in a hand-to-hand conflict with 4 of the enemy, 3 of whom he killed, dismounting and making a prisoner of the fourth.

The other field officers, Lieutenant-Colonel Starness and Major Kelly, by their coolness, courage, and promptitude, contributed largely to the success of the day.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHARLES CLARK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant D. G. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Nathan B. Forrest, Forrest's Regiment, C. S. Army.

HOPKINSVILLE, KY., December 30, 1861.

Under orders to reconnoiter to the front, especially in the direction of Rochester and Greenville, and if deemed best to continue our observations towards Rumsey, my command left camp Thursday, 26th instant, myself with detachments from Companies A, C, and D, First Lieutenant Crutcher Captains May and Gould; with a detachment of 25 men of Captain Meriwether's company, under his command, Major Kelly, with detachments from Companies E, F, and G, under Lieutenants Hampton, Nance, and Cowan, having been ordered to Greenville to await orders.

