
SAINT LOUIS, February 21, 1862

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Cairo;

Let me know result of reconnaissance as early as possible. Everything must remain in statu quo till to-morrow. I am awaiting messages from Kentucky and Washington. If possible, notify Grant, Phelps, and Commodore Foote to make no further moves till they receive orders.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 21, 1862

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Louisville:

Advices just received from Clarksville represent that General A. S. Johnston has fallen back on Columbia, and that there is very little preparation for a stand at Nashville. General Grant and Commodore Foote say the road is now open and are impatient. Can't you come down to the Cumberland and divide the responsibility with me? If so, I will immediately prepare to go ahead. I am tired of waiting for action in Washington. They will not understand the case. It is as plain as daylight to me.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 21, 1862

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Your plan of organization has been transmitted to me by Mr. Scott and strikes me very favorably, but on account of the domestic affliction of the President I have not yet been able to submit it to him. The brilliant results of the energetic action in the West fills the Nation with joy.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

PADUCAH, February 21, 1862

General CULLUM:

General Grant and myself consider this a good time to move on Nashville. Six mortar boats and two iron-clad steamers can precede the troops and shell the forts. We were about moving for this purpose when General Grant, to my astonishment, received a telegram from General Halleck not to let the gunboats go higher than Clarksville. No telegram. The Cumberland is in a good stage of water, and General Grant and I believe that we can take Nashville. Please ask General Halleck if we shall do it. We will talk per telegraph, Captain Phelps representing me in the office.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.

PADUCAH, February 21, 1862

General CULLUM:

From information gleaned in Clarksville we believe the panic in Nashville is very great, and that the city will be surrendered without

