
a fight if a force proceeds at once against it. General Johnston is reported to be gathering his scattered forces at Columbia.

S. L. PHELPS.

CAIRO, February 21, 1862

Major-General HALLECK:

Strength at Bird's Point: Infantry, 4, 181; cavalry, 1,248; twelve field guns.

Fort Holt: Infantry, 560; cavalry, 420; artillery, sixteen field guns.

Cairo: Infantry 2,642; artillery, 6 guns; sappers and miners, 75 men, not counting forts.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 21, 1862

General C. F. SMITH

Commanding Second Division:

You will proceed to Clarksville, Tenn., with so much of your command as transportation is now already for, and occupy ground about the forts on the north bank of the river.

I have no special directions to give that will not naturally suggest themselves to you, such as keeping the men from going into private houses and annoying the citizens generally. There is said to be a large quantity of army stores at Clarksville, which by calling upon the mayor of the city will be given up to our use.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT WEST TENNESSEE Numbers 6. Fort Donelson, February 21, 1862

Troops in this military district will be brigaded and assigned to divisions in the following order, to wit:

First Division, Brigadier General J. A. McClernand, commanding:

First Brigade: Eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Illinois Infantry, Dresser's battery, Dollin's, O'Harnett's, and Carmichael's cavalry.

Second Brigade: Eleventh, Eighteenth, Twentieth, and Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry, First Battalion of Fourth Illinois Cavalry, and Taylor's battery.

Third Brigade: Seventeenth, Forty-third, Forty-ninth, and Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, and McAllister's and Schwartz's batteries.

Second Division, Brigadier General C. F. Smith commanding:

First Brigade; Second, Seventh, Twelfth, and Fourteenth Iowa Infantry, and Second Battalion of Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

Second Brigade; Ninth and Twelfth Illinois and Thirteenth and Sixteenth Missouri Infantry Willard's battery, and detachment Regular Cavalry.

Third Brigade: Seventh, Fiftieth, Fifty-seventh, and Fifty-eighth Illinois Infantry, and two companies Second Illinois Cavalry.

The battalion of artillery commanded by Major Cavender will be attached to the Second Division at large.

