
Third Division, Brigadier General L. Wallace, commanding:

First Brigade: Eighth Missouri, Eleventh, Twenty-fourth, and Fifty-second Indiana Infantry, and Bulliss' battery.

Second Brigade: First Nebraska and Fifty-eighth, Sixty-eighth and Seventh-eighth Ohio Infantry, and four companies of Curtis' Horse.

Fourth Division, Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut, commanding:

First Brigade: Fifteenth, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-second, and Forty-first Illinois Infantry, and Burrow's battery of light artillery.

Second Brigade: Twenty-fifth Indiana Fourteenth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-eighth Illinois Infantry, and Mann's battery of light artillery.

Third Brigade: Thirty-first and Forty-fourth Indiana and Seventeenth and Twenty-fifth Kentucky Infantry, and Third Battalion Fourth Illinois Cavalry.

The senior colonels of brigades will command them in every instance. Brigade commanders will select from the regimental quartermasters of their commands one to act as brigade commissary.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 7. Fort Donelson, February 21, 1862

Division and brigade commanders will take immediate steps to prevent soldiers of their command from passing beyond the limits of th field works of Fort Donelson.

All depredations committed upon citizens must be summarily punished.

Patrols will be sent out daily by division commanders, and all soldiers found outside the works without a pass approved by the division commanders will be brought into camp and punished by regimental commanders.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, February 21, 1862

J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville:

It will be better for all concerned if you will keep us fully advised about matters in Kentucky. The general is embarrassed all the time for want of definite information from both Generals Halleck and Buell. Your dispatch of to-day was more definite than any yet received from either party since they left Washington. This is strictly private.

A. V. COLBURN.

BOWLING GREEN, February 21, 1862

General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

I shall start from here to-morrow and expect to be opposite or near Nashville to-morrow night. Move up the river with your gunboats, but without exposing them unnecessarily.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

