HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, ARMY OF THE OHIO,Paducah, February 21, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: I am arrived here to-day; reported to General Sherman, whom I found in command. Immediately four of my regiments were detached and sent to Caior, viz: Thirty-fourth, Forty-third, Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, leaving me here with six regiments of my division, viz: Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Indiana, Colonel Ammen, and the Forty-first Ohio Volunteer, Sixth Ohio Volunteers, Sixth Kentucky, Colonel Hazen; also I have General Crittenden, with three regiments. One of the regiments sent to Cairo was his, viz, the Forty-third Indiana.

At this rate the Fourth Division of the Ohio will disappear, and i will be without a command.

I have directed the brigadiers to retain the regiments ont heir reports, remarking that they are detached at Cairo.

It does seem to me that as we were sent here from another department the organization of the brigades and division might have been left intact.

We debark to-morrow morning and go into camp.

There are nearly 1,000 men of Crittenden's brigade yet at Calhoun that are fit for duty. Will your order them to join their regiments?

I sent an order the day before I left Camp Wickliffe to Colonel Wagner, who is on Green River, to return certain men of the Sixth Ohio Volunteers, who were employed repairing arms, to their regiments, in order that they might march with it. This Colonel Wagner failed to do. I inclose a copy of the order, and beg to request that the men whose names are inclosed be ordered to join their regiments.

Very respectfully,

WM. NELSON,

Brigadier-General.

BOWLING GREEN,

February 21, 1862.

Captain FRY,

Chief of Staff:

Order Thomas to Louisville by forced marches, to embark for the Cumberland. In the mean time get the transports ready, so that there shall be no delay. Send all the efficient batteries and Smith's cavalry in the same way. Order my guard forward by railroad to-morrow. Come yourself, with all the officers of the staff that I intended to accompany us, as soon as possible. Bring the operator employed to accompany me. I will order Wood and Boyle forward. Hurry Bruce forward, and direct him to report to General Wood. Send a boat to take the battery at Calhoun up the Cumberland, to report to General Nelson. I will send orders to Jackson to march across. Have the pontoon bridge sent forward by the first train after the track is laid. Send no more wagons beyond the mouth of Salt River until further orders. Don't let these matters delay the railroad bridge. I send a dispatch for Halleck.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

