
In all cases where it may be deemed necessary to refer to higher authority, Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut, second in authority, will be appealed to.

Tennessee, by her rebellion, having ignored all laws of the United States, no courts will be allowed to sit under State authorities, but all cases coming within reach of the military arm will be adjudicated by the authorities the Government has established within the State.

Martial law is therefore declared to extend over West Tennessee. Whenever a sufficient number of the citizens of the State return to their allegiance to maintain law and order over this territory the military restriction here indicated will be removed.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 23 [21], 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

One whole week has been lost already by hesitation and delay. There was, and I think there still is, a golden opportunity to strike a fatal blow, but I can't to it unless I can control Buell's army. I am perfectly willing to act as General McClellan dictates or take any amount of responsibility. To succeeded we must be prompt. I have explained everything to General McClellan and Assistant Secretary Scott. There is not a moment to be lost. Give me authority, and I will be responsible for results.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 23, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN, Paducah:

Flag-Officer FOOTE, Cairo:

All available gunboats to be sent to Clarskville, prepared for a movement up the Cumberland. I think mortar boats will be of little use on this expedition. If Commodore Foote agrees with me, let them be sent down for defense of Cairo. I am waiting for telegraphic line to be opened to Fort Henry, to communicate with General Grant. In the mean time tell him that I wish to have about 20,000 men concentrated at Clarksville, including Smith's and Nelson's divisions. Proper garrisons should be detailed for Forts Henry and Donelson. All other forces should be encamped opposite Danville bridge, to await further orders. Cavalry and field artillery to be ready to move between the two rivers. One gunboat to be stationed near Danville bridge. All others not required for defense of Cairo to be at Clarksville, ready for service. Abundant ammunition to be taken along. See to this. There is a great and decisive contest awaiting us. Be ready for it. Answer, and give all you know of present state of affairs. Encouraging news continually coming in from the Southwest.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

