HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 23, 1862.

J. B. FRY, Assistant Adjutant-General, Louisville, Ky.:

I cannot understand how you can want boats sent to Louisville to transport troops up the Cumberland. We have no transports to spare. One the contrary, I have asked Assistant Secretary Scott to send down all he can spare from the Ohio.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, February 23, 1862.

General BUELL:

Just returned from an armed reconnaissance of Columbus, which is not evacuated. Was within less than 2 miles of river batteries.

G. W. CULLU,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Louisville, Ky., February 23, 1862.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding First Division:

SIR: The general commanding the department directs that your division move to Louisville by forced marches and embark without delay for the Cumberland River. Colonel Words, assistant quartermaster-general, is instructed to have boats in readiness for you.

The general directs that you embark your division and form a junction with him near Nashville with all possible dispatched. He is moving be forced marches from Bowling Green.

Major-General Halleck has been requested to send the gunboats up the Cumberlands in advance of your arrival, so as to render the river secure. It would be well for you to inform yourself at Fort Donelson and Clarksville in relation to the whereabouts and movements of the gunboats. As the enemy has bentonite Clarksville, it is presumed he has gone to Nashville, and that the river is open to the vicinity of that city. Supplies have been ordered to be put on board your transports.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

JAMES F. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, February 23, 1862-10 o'clock.

General THOMAS,

Bardstown:

Have you received my telegraph of 22nd to move to Louisville by forced march? when will you be here? Answer. Let the First Ohio Cavalry come through at once and get aboard.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

