HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Fort Donelson, February 25, 1862.

General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding District of Cairo, Paducah, Ky.:

Your letter of the 23d*, asking what disposition I will have made of large re-enforcements now on their way, is just received. I do not know what work General Halleck intends me to do next, therefore cannot say where it is best to have them. Probably they had better remain at Paducah until further orders are received from headquarters of the department.

Our troops are now occupying Nashville. The rebels have fallen back to Chattanooga, only 3 miles from Georgia State line.

Two soldiers from the Eighth Missouri Regiment, who were sent as spies, have just returned from Memphis. They describe the feelings of the people as much inclined to return to their allegiance.

Orders have been given for the evacuation of Columbus. This I get not only from the men themselves, but from a Memphis paper of the 19th, which they bring with them.

There is a detachment of troops belonging to my command at Henderson, Ky., which there can be no further use of detaining there. If you have an opportunity of having them transported, I would like them to join their regiments.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 12. Fort Donelson, February 25, 1862.

Soldier are positively forbid going beyond the line of sentinels outside the entrenchments.

The general commanding is again obliged to call the attention of division, brigade, and regimental commanders to orders restraining their men from committing depredation s upon private property.

Such restrictions must be placed upon the actions of the men of this command as to prevent complaints in future of their killing stock or depredating in any manner.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 25, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM, Cairo, and

Brigadier General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding District of Cairo, Paducah, Ky.:

The possession of Nashville by General Buell renders it necessary to countermand the order sent to Foote and Sherman yesterday morning, dated 23d. Grant will send no more troops to Clarksville. General Smith's division will come to Fort Henry or a point higher up on the Tennessee River. Transports will also be collected at Paducah and above. All the mortar boats to be immediately brought back to Cairo.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

