
citizens, they must not expect to occupy the posts of honor, but may rest assured that they will be placed in position where they cannot bring shame on their comrades and the cause they are engaged in. The Government supplies with liberality all the wants of the soldier. The occasional deprivations and hardships incident to rapid marches must be borne with patience and fortitude. Any officer who neglects to provide properly for his troops or separates himself from them to seek his own comfort will be held to a rigid accountability.

By command of General Buell:

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN,

Paducah:

I want transports enough in readiness to move General Grant's available forces. I am only waiting to learn the positions of buell and Johnston. Take forcibly, if necessary.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

PADUCAH, February 27, 1862.

General HALLECK:

There is no doubt Buell is at Nashville. It is reported that Sidney Johnston has moved towards Chattanooga. Columbus is still occupied by General Polk. Baeuregard at Jackson, Tenn., sick. I have telegraphed to General Cullum for ten boars, and will stop those best adapted to the service till I have in all twenty boats. Ought they not be loaded in part with provisions and forage? I estimate Grant's force at 25,000 men.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Nashville, February 27, 1862.

General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

I have been in the city since hour this morning, anxious and expecting to see you. When I first arrived I understood that you were to be over to-day, but it is now growing too late for me to remain longer.

If I could see the necessity of more troops here I would be most happy to supply them. My own impression is, however, that the enemy are not far north of the Tennessee line. I was anxious to know what information you might have on the subject.

General Smith will be here this evening, with probably 2,000 men, as requested by you, and should still more be required, address me at Clarksville. To-night I shall return to Fort Donelson, but will take up my headquarters at Clarksville the next day.

Should you deem the command under General Smith unnecessary to your security, I request that they be ordered back.

