
to look out for these matters, I might be mistaken partly. My command is now suffering from camp dysentery, the result (according to report of surgeons) of being compelled to live on salt meat. I have had this country scoured for miles for beef cattle, but without being able to obtain them. The contractors for supplying fresh beef say that they have the cattle, but are unable to procure transportation. If I am compelled to move suddenly, it will be with a very weak force compared with what the major-general commanding probably excepts. The loss in battle and the number who have sickened since reduces my force considerably. I will probably have to leave a garrison at Claksville, Fort Henry, and at this place.

General Buell ordered General Smith, with the force at Clarksville (five regiments of infantry and some artillery), to join his column at Nashville. Two regiments that were sent as a guard to the prisoners have not yet been returned to me.

I most respectfully lay these matters before the general commanding the department, not to make suggestions, but that my true condition may be known.

There are not two or three cases of small-pox among the men. Every effort has been made to prevent the spread of the disease.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis:

I am now in sufficient force to feel secure, and this morning sent General Smith back to Clarksville. Thank you for your readiness to assist me. General Johnston is evidently preparing to go towards the Tennessee. Decatur and Chattanooga some to be the points of rendezvous at present. As soon as I can see my way a little I will propose that we meet some where to consult, if agreeable to you.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, March 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Captain Phelps reports Columbus being evacuated now; guns, except from water battery, removed; quarters burned. Large force of cavalry but no infantry visible. Encampment seen tuesday on bluff gone. Columbus on fire, and stores probably being destroyed. Polk did not send ladies, but proposes sending flag to some point to-morrow at 12 o'clock. Foote will make demonstration to-morrow or Monday.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, March 1, 1862.

General MITCHELL:

SIR: The general commanding has received your letter of this morning reporting that Captain Wilson, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, was shot while on outpost duty last night. The occurrence and the loss to your command are much regretted. The general suggests that your officers on outpost duty should be cautious and watchful and not expose themselves by becoming separated from their commands and thus render the

