
murdering of individuals, either by citizens or the enemy, impossible, or at least more difficult.

I am also directed to say that the general is not a this time prepared for a forward movement, and he does not wish you at present to commence it.

It is not deemed advisable at present to administer the oath of allegiance or to arrest persons whose loyalty is only doubtful. The general desires the protection of our forces to be extended with some liberality, and to reach a class of persons who are not hostile to us although not warmly our friends. This, of course, is not applicable to those in arms or who are known to give aid and comfort to the enemy.

The carbines for the Fourth Ohio Cavalry will be furnished as soon as practicable.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[JAMES B. FRY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff.

SAINT LOUIS, March 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General BUELL,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Columbus is nearly turned. The mortar boats will bombard it this afternoon, and General Pope will attack New Madrid to-morrow morning. A part of Jeff. Thompson's force has been captured. Send to Paducah all spare transports; we are greatly in need of them; also one or two of the gunboats. Keep one gunboat in the Cumberland. I will make an appointment to meet you as soon as the Columbus movement is ended.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, March 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Grant writes from Fort Donelson on 28th just returned from Nashville. Supposed him and army yet at Donelson. Buell ordered Smith's division from Clarksville to Nashville. Sending steamers to report to Sherman to go farther.

Ought they not to go up Cumberland for Grant, and cannot the twenty-five steamers which went up Cumberland yesterday with Buell's forces assist to bring back Grant and thence up Tennessee? Can be done in less time than marching across.

Island and head of promontory opposite New Madrid low and overflowed.

Will it then be necessary to send siege artillery, which will take, Lyford says, a week to get ready, with horses, harness, and ammunition wagons? Must have ten horses for each piece and move slow.

Can't send it to Sikeston by railroad when ready. Sherman just telegraphs has sent ten steamers to Fort Henry.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 2, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,

Cairo:

I think the bombardment should commence to-day, if possible. It will greatly assist Pope at New Madrid. If Columbus should be evacuated,

