
or Furnace roads, and go into camp at the most accessible point for embarking on steamers. Three days' rations will be taken and 40 rounds of ammunition, besides what is contained in cartridge boxes. All weak and disabled soldiers are to be left behind. Camp and garrison equipage is to be taken, bur soldiers are to be limited as per General Orders, Numbers 17. No officer or soldier not entitled to forage will be permitted to ride on horseback or to have horse with them.

Attention of division, brigade, and regimental commanders is particularly called to the execution of this order.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 3 [2], 1862-11.30 [9] p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN:

No material change in affairs since my dispatch of yesterday.

McCook's division came up last night. Two brigade have crossed to-day. Thomas' division has just arrived by water.

I am organizing depots, &amp;c. We are finding every day large quantities of public provisions, principally bacon. the city is quiet and orderly. The enemy is leaving Murfreesborough and going towards Decatur and Chattanooga, and destroying all bridges as he goes. We will have to rebuild.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 3, 1862.

General MCCLELLAN:

Dispatch received. I have four divisions up; three and a half on this side of the river. Those coming by land have arrived without baggage. The crossing is tedious. I can't get exactly at what Halleck is doing, and therefore can't see how to assist him at this moment if he should need it. I have proposed an interview with him and would like you to be present. He has to defer it a few days. I sent Garfield to chase Marshall entirely out of Kentucky. have not heard from him recently. It will bring him down towards Cumberland Gap, and I will then unite him with Carter, who in the mean time will, I hope, have gained some advantage at the Gap. Use all your persuasion against the appointment of a military governor for Tennessee. it will do incalculable harm. Beg the President to wait.

D. C. BUELL.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 3 [received?] 1862.

General GEORGE B. MCCLELLAN,

Washington, D. C.:

General Pope will attack New Madrid to-morrow. At the same time there will be a bombardment of Columbus.

I have had no communication with General Grant for more than a week. He left his command without my authority and went to Nashville. his army seems to be as much demoralized by the victory of Fort Donelson as was that of the Potomac by the defat of Bull Run. It is hard to censure a successful general immediately after a victory,

