
but I think he richly deserves it. I can get no returns, no reports, no information of any kind from him. Satisfied with his victory, he sits down and enjoys it without any regard to the future. I am worn-out and tired with this neglect and inefficiency. C. F. Smith is almost the only officer equal to the emergency.

H. W. HALLECK.

WASHINGTON, March 3, 1862-6 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis:

Your dispatch of last evening received The future success of our cause demands that proceedings such as Grant's should at once be checked. Generals must observe discipline as will as private soldiers. Do not hesitate to arrest him at once if the good of the service requires it, and place C. F. Smith in command. You are at liberty to regard this as a positive order if it will smooth your way.

I appreciate the difficulties you have to encounter, and will be glad to relieve you from trouble as far as possible.

GEO. B. MCCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

Approved:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 3, 1862-12 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Buell's army is concentrating rapidly at this point,a n will be ready for forward movements in few days. Can General McClellan visit Louisville, and there meet, by appointment, General Halleck and General Buel, for consultation, to determine movements for Western forces.

I believe this to be important.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 3, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

What can I do to aid your operations against Columbus? Remember I am separated from you by the Tennessee. Johnston is moving towards Decatur and destroying the bridges as he goes. I have only one gunboat; all the others returned at once. I also sent Smith back Saturday last. Spare transports will be dispatched to Paducah.

D. C. BUELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH BRIGADE,Camp Cumberland Ford, March 3, 1862.

Captain J. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Chief of Staff:

CAPTAIN: On the 1st instant I had succeeded in getting a supply of nearly five days' rations for the command, and as a portion of the

