
The general has called on the Governors of Tennessee, Mississippi, and North Alabama for every man who can be armed for the defense of our frontier. General Pillow was advised by telegram that Louisiana would send to Fort Pillow every artillerist that could be spared, and also tow regiments of infantry, with 100 rounds ammunition. Your orders should meet them at Memphis.

The general further remarks, Fort Columbus being completed, your force will now be free to maneuver in reference to the movements of the enemy, and to act as a corps of observation to prevent the siege of the place, and should be so handled as to avid being caught between the enemy and the river and surrounded and cut off from the magazine and re-enforcements.

His efforts have been continuous to bring a force into the field to meet the present emergency (long anticipated), and he trusts they will prove successful. Major Jackson was some time since ordered to put six month's supply of provisions for the captured garrison into Fort Columbus. Let this supply be put there from the stores on hand and kept at that lever, the garrison and troops without drawing their current supplies from Jackson depot.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Jamestown, Tenn., Now. 22, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General, Richmond:

SIR: Heavy rains have made the roads slippery and will somewhat retard our progress. Day before yesterday I ordered Colonel Stanton, with his regiment, Colonel Murray's and Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan's cavalry, encamped about 10 miles north of Jamestown, to make a rapid and stealthy forward movement to capture the ferry-boats at four or five crossings of the Chamberland, and, if practicable, the enemy's cavalry said to be on this side of the river. I have not heard whether the movement has been made. I see it stated in the Nashville newspapers that General Ward has 2,000 men at Campbellville, 1,200 at Columbia, and are regiment at Lebanon. It is reported to Colonel Stanton that the two or three regiments between Somerset and the river have moved towards Columbia, to join other forces there. He communicates also a rumor of the crossing of the Chamberland by a force of the enemy at Green's Ferry; but all these reports seem to be uncertain.

I have no dispatches from Knoxville since I left there, but hear through various scouting parties that the tories in Lower East Tennessee are dispersed, and several hundred guns captured. Citizens have turned out in large numbers and assisted the soldiers in scouring the mountains and hunting down the fugitive traitors. They should now be pursued to extermination, if possible.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[Similar report to Colonel Mackall.]

