HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 22, 1861.

ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee, Nashville, Tenn.:

We know we shall be attacked soon. The enemy's gunboats came down to-day, made a grand flourish, but did not come within reach of our guns. It is impossible to form any correct idea of his movements, but you cannot get up your forces too soon-I fear not soon enough. We can and will hold the position unless we are invested and starved out, and I am exerting every possible effort to get supplies. I have enough now for one month.

GID. J. PILLOW,

General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 22, 1861.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

C. S. Army, Bowling Green, Ky.:

We are in great distress in this army for want of money. The supply staff is broken down for want of funds and the credit of the Government very much impaired. The banks of Tennessee have gone as far in meeting our wants as they are able and willing to do. The troops are not paid, and are dissatisfied at not being paid. As yet we have not received one dollar of assistance towards supplying the wants of this army from the Confederate Government. We have borrowed from banks as long as we could, and bought commissary and quartermasters' supplies as long as we have credit to purchase anything on credit. An army cannot be supplied without money. The proper staff officers have made estimates and requisitions again and again, and yet we get no funds. We are unable to sell checks on Richmond for money. The t the limit of their charters or nearly so. Quartermasters' checks upon Richmond are now selling in the market at 15 per cent. discount. This is owing entirely to the fact that the banks are not able to cash the checks and sustain the credit of the Government.

The system of checking upon Richmond transfers the capital of the banks to Richmond, which must, of necessity, be returned in Government Treasury drafts, or the banks will all be utterly prostrate. Tennessee is throwing into the field such a large force,a nd in equipping and sustaining it (now transferred to the Confederate Government) and since in supplying its wants has advanced over $6,000,000. the whole of this sum has been advanced by the banks of the State.

You will perceive in these facts the necessity of providing some means of relief for the command. The impression which is extending itself through the army and country that it is neglected has a depressing influence upon all the friends of the Government.

The difficulties of the command, with the large force of the enemy we have to meet, are in themselves embarrassing enough, but add to these the question of bread and all the various wants of an army, and you may understand the embarrassments of my position. I address myself directly to you, that you may have the proper correction applied. I have confidence that you will do so. It will require $300,000 to relieve the staff of its present debts due all over the country and with the banks for borrowed money. Please place this communication before the general.

