
The want of money has rendered it impossible for the commissary-general to carry out General Johnston's instructions in regard to a supply of subsistence for the garrison and post at this place. we have on hand about thirty days' rations for he whole force in this command. We did not know until three days since that there were supplies at Jackson. General Polk is still very unwell from the effects of his injury from the explosion. His system is greatly shocked, and there are strong indications of more serious results from it than was at first supposed. I doubt if he will be able to resume command at an early day.

I placed in the hands of General Polk my official report of the battle of Belmont some time since, but he has been so unwell, and having immediately turned over the command to me, I apprehend he has not forwarded it to you. I now, being in command of the department, transmit you a copy of the report.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Department.

COLUMBUS, November 22, 1861.

Colonel MACKALL:

I shall want 600 stunted-wanted for regiment at Fort Pillow; 600 for Smith's Arkansas reigment at Island Numbers 10, and 800 for Campbell's regiment at Union City and to supply the deficiency in Merrick's Arkansas regiment, now with Bowen. Please let me have them and as quickly as possible.

I have ordered William's regiment forward and Bradford to follow as soon as armed; have telegraphed Governor of Louisiana for help, and he has promised me several regiments. The Governor of Mississippi can send me an armed battalion, and would make it two regiments if he had arms. Commodore Hollins, whose fleet I have asked for of the Secretary of the Navy, is here with one of his boats; the whole, six in number, are expected in the next two or three days.

I am fortifying near Madrid, where I shall place 2,000 men in a few days. The Governor of Mississippi is sending me heavy guns and cannon powder, but we are still short of the force necessary to meet the enemy's. We nevertheless propose, by God's blessing, to give the best account of our command that we can. Have asked you for Scott's Louisiana regiment of cavalry, which I suppose you can grant.

L. POLK.

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., November 2, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The undersigned were sent from North Alabama and Northeast Mississippi to the military commander at Columbus, Ky., to inquire if the defenses of the Tennessee River were safe, and to know if we could aid them in any manner. The answer from General Pillow, now commanding there, after conferring with General Polk, was that they were as good as the time allowed and the means afforded would permit, but that they were unsafe, and the force on that flank of the army resting on that river insufficient; that there was danger of the enemy ascending the Tennessee River and burning the railroad bridge

