
They are armed with muskets, and have 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

I have recalled from Mississippi Sound the Third Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Deason, over 800 strong, and will send them forward to-morrow as soon as they arrive. This regiment is also armed, and has 100 rounds per man. Both regiments were in the act of receiving their clothing when ordered off; they will leave officers behind to bring it up.

I have sent these regiments to your aid rather hesitatingly, and only because I thought your danger more imminent than mine. this, however, is rather guess-work, for we cannot tell at what hour the enemy may appear off mouth of our rivers and bayous. I write, therefore, to ask you to order both these regiments back at the very first moment that you think you will be able to replace them by other troops. Arms men to take the place of those I send. I can illy afford to spare them.

Governor Moore is trying to collect some artillerists to send you, but we find more trouble than we had anticipated. Shall do our best, and send them on by rail at the earliest possible moment.

I learn that there are 90 tons saltpeter. Can you spare me 30 tons of that at Nashville? If so, please order it sent by rail, or the mills here will have to stop by the end of next week. I wrote you some days since on this subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 23, 1861.

SAMUEL P. WALKER,

Memphis, Tenn.:

Before taking the field it is absolutely necessary that the troop have tents and camp equipage. They cannot live without. To avoid confusion and conflict of authority between Governor Harris and myself it will be necessary that these companies be reported to Governor Harris, and get hi authority for their being ordered here, as they will all be embraced in his call. I will advise Governor Harris of this necessity by telegram, and get his authority and advise you.

By order of Brigadier-General Pillow, commanding:

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUSCUMBIA, ALA., November 23, 1861.

To our Fellow-Citizens of North Alabama and North Mississippi:

he undersigned were sent as delegates from a number of counties in North Alabama and Tishomingo County, Mississippi, to the camp at Columbus, Ky., to inquire of the military authorities there if they considered the defenses of the Tennessee River safe; and, if not, to tender material aid to make them so. Have just returned, and report their mission in the form of a circular. (We hope our editors will see the propriety of not publishing it in the papers.)

We had several interviews with General Pillow, now commanding the department, in consequence of an injury to Major-General Polk

