
Colonel Thomas J. Foster, of Lawrence is empowered by General Pillow to raise a regiment, and other gentlemen will rapidly follow in the noble work. The volunteers will be sent down the river s they are organized, and we invite the aid of our wives and daughters to prepare clothing and tents for them.

1st. Our young men at Columbus are not only enduring the hardships of the camp and meeting gallantly the hazards of the battle, but laboring in the trenches with spades and shovels now, and who are we that we should be exempt from the burdens imposed for the command defense?

Special orders from General Weakley will be published from time to time, giving direction to the movements.

SAMUEL D. WEAKLEY.

JAMES E. SAUNDERS.

THOMAS. J. FOSTER.

DAVID DESHLER.

WM. DICKSON.

WM. COOPER.

B. B. TROUSDALE.

Date Tuscumbia, Ala., November 23, 1861.

CAMP HARDEE,

Colonel Wirt Adams' Regiment Cavalry, November 23, 1861.

Major-General HARDEE,

Commanding First Division, C. S. Army, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to an order received through Colonel Adams from you, I made a scout on this day from Miller's Ferry, on Barren River, to Hendrick's Ferry, on Green River. There I found the ferry-flat sunk. I made the ferryman, Peter Amos, cross over to me in a skiff. He reported a visit from 30 Union men on the night of the 22nd instant, under command of John S. Phelps, Simpson, and Niley Emory, men living 10 miles beyond Green River, on the Litchfield road, who sunk his boat, and ordered him to put no one across the river from this side. This party was armed with muskets (percussion locks) with bayonets.

I questioned a man by the name of J. H. Williams, who was taken prisoner by these men, with his wagon, containing dry goods, belonging to Lewis Anderson, both living across Green River. Williams was released by them on taking the oath of allegiance, but the good were confiscated. Mr. Williams further reported, with much hesitation, that four regiments of the enemy were encamped at a place called Derbin, on the Litchfield road, this side of Blue River, and about 12 miles from Hendrick's Ferry. This report was informed by several refugees from the other side of the river, some saying 3,000, some 4,000 men.

Phelps' scout belonged to Hawkins' command. One mile and a half below Hendricks Ferry is Samuel Young's Ferry, where there are two flats on this side of the river nor destroyed, thought their destruction is apprehended. These flats ar capable, each, of crossing eight horse. Between Young's and Hendrick's Ferries is another larger flat, on the other side of the river, filled with water which can be used when bailed out. Several refugees reported also that a camp was being formed by the enemy 4 miles beyond Green River from Hendrick's Ferry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PAUL REVISES,

Captain Commanding Scout from Colonel Wirt Adams' Regiment Cavalry.

