
battery on the river, and I am at present preparing to mount the pieces in it. I have also laid out a little work ont he ridge about 100 yards back of the encampment, and have mounted the two 9-pounder there. I have had the trees felled around the encampment so as to form a very good abatis. That portion of the old field where the dragoons were encamped when you were here I will cause to be obstructed by digging trous-de-loup and dragging small trees over the open space. I wish you would get the general to give an order to press labor, for it cannot be obtained here in any other way.

There are not more than 200 troops here fit for duty; all the rest are sick or one leave of absence.

I have just received a telegraphic order from General Pillow. I would like to know whose orders I am to obey. I send inclosed a copy of General Pillow's order. I will go to Fort Henry and see what is wanting, and return here and await your orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH DIXON,

First Lieutenant, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 20, 1861.

Captain DIXON,

Engineer, Fort Donelson:

You will proceed to Fort Henry and make necessary reconnaissances and surveys for an additional work on the Tennessee River.

A large force of slaves, with troops to protect them, from Alabama will report at Danville for this work, the construction of which you will superintend and push to completion as early as possible.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

C. S. ENGINEER OFFICE,

Nashville, Tenn., November 24, 1861.

Lieutenant JOSEPH DIXON,

C. S. Army, Fort Donelson:

SIR: I have just received your letter of the 21st instant, reporting progress on the work at Fort Donelson, and the inclose copy of a telegraphic order from General Pillow, directing you to repair to Fort Henry, thereby interrupting the progress of the work, I fear, committed to your charge by me at Fort Donelson.

I have just sent copies of your letter to me and of General Pillow's telegram to you to General Johnston, with an earnest request that he will establish at once the channel the ought which you and all other engaged in the direction and construction of defenses in the Western Department shall receive their instructions. Certainly the chief engineer of the department furnishes the proper channel, and if exceptions be made in cases of mergence the exceptions should be reported forthwith to that officer. I will send Mr. Hayden, civil engineer, to fort Henry. He can attend to the local duties there, as he has been employed on Fort Henry before, and is now here finishing the draW-bridge for that work. He is called Captain Hayden, having held that commission in the Tennessee service. You will please to give him your

