
to me to this point. I shall then only have eight pieces of artillery. I have ordered Colonel Trigg to move forward on the Piketon road from his present position. I will communicate with him before he arrived as Piketon, if I am not there is person to receive him. I have several men raising recruits in Kentucky in the mountain counties, and I do think the clothes and the food, the comforts of the soldier, will be indispensable as an auxiliary to this business or organization. You cannot expect men to be contended without blankets or overcoats or shoes in the snow and ice of a high mountain range. The physique overcomes the sentimental. I nominate Dr. Basil C. Duke as chief of the medical staff of this brigade and request his commission. This completes my staff.

I hope the Secretary will recognize the property of my request for another regiments, as it is now palpable I have only a part of one, under Colonel Trigg, and it is doubtful if Colonel Moore will ever come forward, or, if he does, that he will only have a battalion, and these all undrilled. It would be of very serious import should I be left with no force to advance, or with only such as to retreat again when a heavier force presents itself. The effect upon the people is of the worst character, and in this matter time is an element of the first consequence.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

CAMP HARDEE,

Bowling Green, November 25, 1861.

Colonel WIRT ADAMS,

Commanding Regiment:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of your instructions, I proceed at an early hour his morning with my company in the direction of Green River, for the purpose of gaining information of the enemy, reported as being in force at Hendrick's Ferry. I visited all the ferries on Green River within a day's march of this post, viz, Young's, Hendrick's, and Hanaker's, without being able to discover any of the enemy's force. From the most authentic information that could be obtained I am satisfied that no greater force than a detachment of 12 or 14 men have been for some time past in the vicinity of any of the ferries above named.

The ferry-boats at Hendrick's and Hanaker's have been destroyed by the enemy, and at attempt was made last night by them to decoy to the other side two boats now at Young's.

The nearest point to Green River from this post being 13 miles, I beg leave to state that, owing to the condition of the roads, the march there and back in the same day cannot be made without serious injury to the horses.

I have to report also that the boat at Van Meter Ferry is in such condition as to make the passage of horses exceedingly dangerous.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. F. HARRISON,

Captain, Wirt Adams' Regiment Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 25, 1861.

Governor HARRIS,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Fifteen thousand re-enforcements of the enemy had reached Cairo, and others were at Saint Louis, awaiting transportation, on Saturday.

