
of beef, pork, and corn, at low prices. The better classes of citizens sympathize with us.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

[Similar report to Lieutenant-Colonel Mackall.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, Ky., November 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Two persons of respectability, both arriving from Louisville, having no knowledge of each other, have last night and to-day made statements to me concerning the enemy which go to show a continued increase of force of the different arms of service. I am assured by one of them that the force in my front has been augmented to thirty-seven regiments and others are expected. I suppose a change of the plan of operations has been made, and that the force intended for East Tennessee will now be combined with the force on this line, making an aggregate strength of probably more than 50,000 men to arrayed against my force here.

If the forces of the enemy are maneuvered as I think they may be, I may be compelled to retire from this place to cover Nashville, with the aid of the volunteer force now being organized, which could in that way be brought in co-operation.

It is understood that General Halleck, who will command at Columbus, and General Buell, who is in command on this line, will make a simultaneous attack. I doubt if Buel will make a serious attack on my position here. I hope he may. I have requested General Crittenden to send a portion of his force to Nashville, if in his judgment it can be done without weakening his force too much.

A position of so much importance as Fort Pillow should be placed under the command of an able and experienced officer. I hope such a one will be selected and order to take command there at once. He should, in reference to the garrison, have at least the grade of brigadier-general.

We still have a great many sick, but the measles, which so afflicted our troops, spreads much more slowly.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

The workmen of the enemy are rebuilding the railroad bridge over Green River.

EN ROUTE FOR BOWLING GREEN,

Distant about 25 miles, November 27, 1861-10.30 a.m.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at this moment of the duplicate of your communication of November 24. The original I received late at night on the evening of the 25th, and in obedience to

