
ENGINEER OFFICE,

Nashville, November 28, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Western Dept., Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Last evening I received the following telegram from Mr. T. J. Glenn, civil engineer, employed by me in obstructing the Cumberland River, under the guns of Fort Donelson, with trees and timber, viz:

CUMBERLAND CITY, November 27, 1861.

Major J. F. GILMER,

Saint Cloud Hotel:

General Tilghman has ordered me to suspend. Instruct me immediately.

T. J. GLENN.

To which I replied at once as follows:

You will continue the work for obstructing the Cumberland River.

J. F. GILMER,

Major of Engineers.

The obstructing works on which mr. Glenn is engaged are far advanced, and to be effective must be completed. It will be impossible for me to rely upon any work being done properly if each subordinate brigadier-general be allowed to suspend operations ordered by me. I must therefore earnestly request that the general commanding the Western Department hold Brigadier-General Tilgham responsible for the act now reported, and forbid the repetition of like interference for the future.

Your instruction of the 22d, in reference to requisitions for ordnance by Captain Wright, was not received until the afternoon of the 26th instant.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major, and Chief Engineer Western Department.

JACKSON, [November] 28, 1861.

Major General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:

I have ordered troops to assemble at Corint and Grenada. Considerable armed force now at these rendezvous. Order supplies for them. I am arming the companies called out under your first requisition as fast as possible.

JOHN J. PETTUS.

[NOVEMBER 28 (?), 1861.]

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:*

GENERAL: In conformity with your order to report to you on the defenses of the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers at the time of my taking command in the West, I have to say that those defenses were at the time not included in my command, nor were they until after you assumed the charge of the Western Department. My command up to that time was limited on the north and east by the Tennessee River. Shortly after taking command of the Western Department Lieutenant Dixon, of the Corps of Engineers, was instructed by you to make an examination of the works at Forts Henry and Donelson and to report upon them. These instructions were complied with, and he reported

---------------

*See pp.923, 924.

---------------

