HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,CENTRAL COLUMN OF KENTUCKY,

Bowling Green, Ky., NOvember 28, 1861.

Captain JOHN H. MORGAN:

SIR: You will without delay join and take command of your squadron, now at or near Roan's, on Green River. You will receive the two letters of instruction, dated the 26th instant, under which Captain T. W. Allen is acting, and proceed to carry them out, except as herein altered. You will, should you deem it sufficiently safe, cross Green River, to get the cattle and hogs or to attack the Federal Home Guards' force; but you will avoid carefully any movement which would involve considerable risk or serious delay. It is important that you should return, at furthest, by December 1, and as much earlier as possible.

By order of General Buckner:

G. B. COSBY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CENTRAL ARMY OF KENTUCKY,Bowling Green, Ky., November 26, 1861.

Captain T. W. ALLEN,

Commanding Captain Morgan's Cavalry Squadron:

SIR: You will proceed early to-morrow morning, with all the available force of your command, provided with one day's rations, to the vicinity of George Roan's, on Green River, and find about fifty head of fat cattle and a lot of hogs, belonging to a man in that neighborhood, who will be designated by a guide who will accompany you. You will drive the cattle and hogs into Bowling Green and deliver them to Major Williamson, assistant commissary-general. It is expected that a band of Federals, supposed to number about sixty, have been committing depredations in Roan's neighborhood. You will, should you find, after thorough investigation, your force sufficient to overcome them, endeavor to capture them or their arms, &amp;c., but you will not pursue them farther than is consistent with the safety of your command, and you will remain on this side of Green River. You will collect as much information as possible about the movements of the enemy and the disposition of the citizens. You will return as soon as these orders can be carried into effect. Should you be absent more than one day, you will make full reports by courier daily to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CENTRAL COLUMN OF KENTUCKY,Bowling Green, Ky., November 26, 1861.

Captain T. W. ALLEN,

Commanding Morgan's Squadron:

SIR: I am directed by General Buckner to give you these further instructions: Your absence from here must not exceed two days. If

