
of Moore at Whitesburg, with the special service men in the Gap. I am not strong enough to go forward thus far to ascertain what the people of Kentucky will do, unless you should find it in your power to let me have two or three regiments, in which case I would propose to cover more of the country, so as to let out the provisions and men of the State. The people of the country are not very well affected, for the same insolent domineering has been carried on in the mountains as elsewhere.

The enemy suffered severely at the battle of Ivy, where 250 of this command were engaged against a column of 1,500 for one hour and ten minutes. We lost 5 killed and 13 wounded; the enemy lost over 300 killed and how many wounded we cannot say. The graves of the enemy are reported at 396. It was a success, brilliant in conception and execution, though the enemy recovered in time to outflank our men, and they in turn withdrew from the ground without loss when their ground could no longer be maintained.

If you find this letter long and its report less formal than you would desire, it is yet the best account I am able now to give of affairs in this section.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, November 29, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith two letters, one from Gov. I. G. Harris, of Tennessee, and the other from Colonel B. R. Johnson, late Chief of Engineers of the State.*

I have to state, in reference to the subject of Governor Harris' letter to me, that a large force may now be expected to respond to his call for 30,000 men, of which I believe he desires all may; if possible, be volunteers. Should a large portion only be volunteers, a number of brigadier-generals will be required to command them.

Governor Harris has mentioned the names of several gentlemen who, in his opinion are qualified to discharge the duties incidental tot hat grade, and whose appointment would contribute greatly to the public advantage and to him be a personal gratification. I have no acquaintance with the gentlemen proposed, except very slight with one (Colonel Johnson, whose education qualifies him for the office sought), but on account of the earnest zeal of the Governor for the cause, his courtesy account of the earnest zeal of the Governor for the cause, his courtesy and ready assistance on all occasions in which the public interest may be promoted, it affords me great pleasure to present his wishes with regard to the appointment of these gentlemen for the consideration of his excellency the President.

I have nothing worthy of mention to report since my last letter. We are making every possible effort to meet the force which the enemy will soon array against us, both on this line and at Columbus. Had the exigency for my call for 50,000 men in September been better comprehended and responded to, our preparations for this great emergency would now be complete.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

---------------

*Neither found.

---------------

