
BOWLING GREEN, November 29, 1861.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Bowling Green:

I have completed a thorough examination of Henry and Donelson and do not admire the aspect of things. I must have more heavy guns for both places at once, not less than four for each; one also of long range for each, say sixty-fours. Say to the general I have 1,000 unarmed men; no hope for any arms but from him. A message from Paducah and Columbus yesterday indicates a movement this way. Will he not let [me] have 1,000 arms from Nashville? I feel for the first time discouraged, but will not give up. Answer me at Clarksville.

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS,Knoxville, November 29, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Herewith please find copy of letter received from Dr. Brownlow, and my reply.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

FRIDAY, November 22, 1861.

General W. H. CARROLL:

Having understood that you are to be placed in command of Knoxville in a few days, I desire to make a statement to you, the truth of which I am willing to swear to before any tribunal.

I left home on the 4th of this instant to attend the chancery court at Maryville and to go to Sevierville to collect fees due me for advertising, and I in part succeeded. I have only been in Blount and Sevier Counties. I have not been in any body of armed men or in any way connected with the arming of any man or getting up any force whatever. I left home and have remained away at the earnest and repeated solicitations of my family, who insisted they would be more secure in my absence. Certain troops came daily on my portico and in front of my house, drew out and flourished side-arms, and sometimes presented muskets, threatening my life. I was told that they were under the command of an Alabama officer by the name of Wood, and that he was prejudiced against me. I don't know how this is. As it regards bridge-burning, I never had an intimation of any such purpose from any quarter at any time, and when I heard of the burning of the bridges on the Saturday night after it occurred I was utterly astonished. I condemn the act most unqualifiedly, and regard it as an ill timed measure, calculated to bring no good to any one or any party, but much harm to innocent men and to the public.

When I, together with fifteen or twenty other men, signed a communication to General Zollicoffer, which was published in all the Tennesse papers, pledging ourselves to advise peace and to oppose all attempts at rebellion and such outrages as bridge-burning, I acted in good faith and I have kept that faith; and had a knowledge of any

