
of the Confederate States issued a proclamation, stating that all those who dis not fully recognize their allegiance to the Government should dispose of or remove from its limits, with their effects, before October, 1861. Those persons who remained tacitly recognized the Government and are amenable to the laws.

The commanding general at this post will endeavor to fully carry out the policy of the Government. While he will afford ample protection to all citizens who peaceably pursue their ordinary occupations, he will order the arrest of all who may take up arms against the Government or who in any manner may aid or abet its enemies or incite rebellion, in order that they may be tried by military law.

By order of Brigadier General W. H. Carroll, commanding post:

G. H. MONSARRAT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 29, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

General W. H. Carroll, commanding this post, has ordered a general court-martial for the trial by the military authorities of persons charged with burning the bridges in East Tennessee and of the tories who have been recently captured with arms in their hands against the Government. The question as to the jurisdiction of courts-martial in such cases has been raised in the court, and it is insisted that the civil authorities have some jurisdiction of the persons in such offenses. Please instruct what course to pursue. A court-martial will be much more effective in ferreting out the offenders. Please answer at as nearly moment as possible, as it is very desirable to put these matters through rapidly. Writs of habeas corpus have been and will be issued.

R. F. LOONEY,

Colonel, and President of Court.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., November 29, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your satisfactory favor the 12th was duly received.* The rebellion in East Tennesse is nearly smothered, but is far from being extinguished, and would burst forth with increased intensity had the enemy a commissioned Lincoln commander, quartermaster, and payment within our borders to form a nucleus around which our malcontent and disloyal people could rally. The stampede from Camp Dick Robinson has given to our Tennessee refugees an opportunity to desert the United States standard there, and many of them have sneaked home and are secreting themselves in the woods. They communicate occasionally with the disaffected of our citizens, and this had had a good effect in quieting some insurgents and those who sympathize in the incendiarism, bridge-burning, &c. I still think, however, that this calm may be only temporary. We need here commanders and officers who

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. IV, p.540.

---------------

46 R R-VOL VII

