
his wife having no person to make a coffin or bury him, I detailed some men, who made a coffin.

The streams were rising so rapidly that my command had to fall back to Green River. Crossed about 40 cattle, which I left in charge of a sergeant and 15 men, who will be in on 1st December. Got no hogs, owing to the high stage of water in all the creeks. Some cattle which had been brought to the river had to be left, owing to the large quantity of drift which was running; could not be forced into the water. Arrived in camp at 5 p.m.

Respectfully,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Commanding Scouting Party.

BRIGADE HEADQUARTERS,

Mill Springs, November 30, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel MACKALL,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: I reached this point on the Cumberland River last evening. Recent rains have much swollen the river. Colonel Stanton, who was ordered forward from Camp McGinnis on the 20th, with his and Colonel Morroy's [Murray's] regiment and Lieutenant-Colonel McClellan's cavalry, to seize the ferry-boats at different crossings, failed to secure any of the boats. I am now preparing to provide the means of crossing the river. The lumber and the saw-mill here will materially aid in constructing boats. The enemy's camp, 9 miles above, on the right bank, appears to have been re-enforced, but to what extent I have not been able to ascertain. Our pickets sent up on this side (opposite) to-day were fired on. Colonel STanton reported to me two days ago that he had secured two ferry-boats, but it appears they have got away. He was ordered to cross the river to endeavor to cut off 800 of the enemy, then at Camp Goggin, 9 miles above. He failed to cross for want of boats. So soon as it is possible I will cross the river in force.

Very respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-The written report just received from the pickets fired on to-day up the river. The fire was returned. The enemy employed musketry and artillery-a 12 and a 6 pounder. One of our men wounded; one of theirs killed.

Respectfully,

F. K. ZOLLICOFFER,

Brigadier-General.

EXCHANGE HOTEL,

Richmond, Va., November 30, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va., Present, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR SIR: The object of the interview which I sought on yesterday, and which was so readily accorded to me by the President and yourself, in reference to affairs in East Tennessee, was to impress your

