
than twelve months is that I may get arms that I cannot otherwise get.

Yours, very respectfully,

JOHN J. PETTUS.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, December 2, 1861.

Honorable A. B. MOORE,

Governor of Alabama:

SIR: I have to request that the military force of North Alabama which may be assembled under your late call for the service of the Confederate States shall be ordered as follows: The portion thereof which may come from the counties convenient to Florence to rendezvous at that place, where they will be mustered into service by companies, battalions, or regiments. As fast as they can be organized, equipped, and mustered in they will be transported down the Tennessee River to Fort Henry, Tenn.

I recommend that the slave laborers shall be sent forward from the same points with the troops in as large parties as can be provided for on their arrival at the works to be built. The appointment of General Sam. D. Weakley, aide-de-camp to General Pillow, as mustering officer, is confirmed, and I will order him to muster the companies, battalions, or regiments into the service of the Confederacy as rapidly as they are organized.

All the forces from North Alabama will be infantry, the companies to be composed of not less than 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 2 second lieutenants, 4 sergeants, 4 corporals, 2 musicians, and 64 privates. The remaining force which may not be sent to Florence I request you to order to Nashville, Tenn., where they will be mustered into the Confederate service and receive orders from me.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

MORRISTOWN, December 2, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I must inform you that in several instances the military authorities who are in command of troops and volunteers along the line of our road have taken possession of our road and trains and forced our engines and cars out of the face of regular schedules. This I will not submit to. I have been doing all any man can do to promote the interests of the Government and favor the speedy transportation of troops and army stores along our line.

If this course is persisted in by the military authorities any more, I shall on my part stop all of our engines and cars immediately, and then if the Government wishes to take possession of our road and control it, I shall not object in any way whatever. I think it is my duty to inform you of the facts. If we are permitted to manage and control our road, I think I can do so better than any other parties. Please answer.

JOHN R. BRANNER,

President East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad.

