
I am satisfied it is the purpose of the enemy to make a desperate struggle to crush the force concentrated in this division. It is this force that stands directly in his way down the Mississippi. If he is foiled in this, he will be foiled in one of the most cherished of his purposes and wishes. I hope the Government will not fail to see this, and will give us both troops and commanders to meet the emergency.

I am greatly in want of mortar batteries. I hear there is one of fifteen mortars at Pensacola that may be spared with less inconvenience than we can spare it here. Could you not let me have it? If so, it should come at once.

While on the subject of the condition of this army, may I not ask you earnestly to see that my requisition for funds is responded to? We are in great want of money, and shall be more so as the force now concentrating here is increased.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I beg leave also to submit the name of Colonel S. F. Marks, who you know personally, and whose natural capacity and military experience (he was in service in Mexico), as well as gallant conduct in the late battle, entitle him to the consideration of the Government and would make him an efficient commander. He is now in command of a brigade.

KNOXVILLE, December 7, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Captain Monsarrat has dispersed the tories in Cocke County and captured 30 of the ringleaders.

WM. H. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., December 7, 1861.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

SIR: I heartily concur in what is said in the accompanying letter by Dr. Ramsey and Mr. Tibbs, the member-elect to the permanent Congress from the third district of Tennessee. In addition to what is therein stated, I must be permitted to express my utter surprise at the fact that the Secretary of War should have ordered that Brownlow be permitted to leave East Tennessee and identify himself more effectually with the forces of Lincoln in Kentucky. This surprise results more from the fact that but a day or two since I was in Richmond and had a full and frank conversation with Mr. Benjamin in reference to the state of affairs in East Tennessee, and he did in no manner allude to the propriety of granting such a passport to Brownlow.

I have but recently been elected to the permanent Congress from this (second) Congressional district (as Mr. Tibbs has been from the third), and upon my return from Richmond I found the citizens and soldiers almost unanimously indignant at this order in Brownlow's behalf, and to my utter astonishment the report prevailed that I while at Richmond had secured such an order.

