
sufficient to protect the hundredth part of the surface of one boat. This market will not furnish the requisite heavy timber for strengthening the sides of the boat or for constructing the inclined barricades or bulwarks, as proposed by Messrs. Shaw &amp; Lawson. In course of many weeks it could be obtained, I presume, from forest and saw-mills of the surrounding country. The heavy additions of timber and iron would give the boat a draught too great for navigating the river except during the winter season and early spring.

Considering all the objections that exist to such a gunboat as proposed, the period of time that must elapse before one could be gotten ready for service, and the probable armament of guns we may hope to command, I am forced to the opinion that the best reliance for defense will be batteries ashore, in combination with such obstructions as may be devised in the channel under the guns of the works. I return the letters of Governors Harris and Brown and General Harding.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. GILMER,

Major, and Chief Engineer Western Department.
HEADQUARTERS RIFLE BRIGADE,Knoxville, Tenn., December 9, 1861.

Major General G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Knoxville:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit a report of the strength and condition of all the forces now in East Tennessee for the past few weeks acting under my command, together with their location, field of duty, &c. My immediate command, assigned by the Secretary of War, is as follows:

Senior (Thirty-eighth) Regiment: Colonel, Robert F. Looney; lieutenant-colonel, E. J. Golladay; major, D. H. Thrasher. Organized September 23, for twelve months. Stationed at Knoxville. This regiment is but imperfectly armed, having but 250 guns, consisting of rifles, double-barreled shot-guns, and muskets. Of these not more than 50 are perfect. This regiment is now stationed at this place, except one company, which is on detached service at Morristown. Strength of regiment, 988.

Second (Thirty-ninth) Regiment:+Colonel Moses White; lieutenant-colonel, Hunter P. Moffit; major, W. M. Hunt (acting). Organized October 11, 1861, for twelve months. This regiment is also stationed at Knoxville, except one company, which is on detached service at Morristown. The arms of this regiment consist of about 200 rifles, shot-guns, and muskets, mostly unfit for use except in an emergency. Strength of regiment, 771.

In addition to the two regiments above mentioned there are seven companies that have been mustered into service that have heretofore been nominally under the command of Colonel W. T. Avery, which were also assigned me by the Secretary of War. These have not yet been organized into a regiment, for the reason that three of them which I left at a camp of instruction at Germantown were ordered to Fort Pillow by General Pillow, commanding at Columbus. The other four companies are in the neighborhood of Knoxville.

I have written to General Pillow, protesting against this interference

---------------

*Not found.

+Appears on Register as Thirty-seventh Regiment.

---------------

