
enemy in check at Munfordville, and for this purpose can be ordered to take rest post at Woodsonville, with instructions to defend the passage of the river and to keep the enemy at bay.

With General Buckner's division I propose to attack the forces of the enemy now at Columbia, and for this purpose would respectfully suggest the following dispositions of that division: On my day, as, say, the 13th instant, let one brigade of that division, together with the body of the cavalry, move to the position now occupied by General Hindman at Horse Well, arriving on the evening of the 14th.

On the morning of the 14th let the remainder of the division move from this point towards Glasgow, arriving on the evening of the 15th, when it should be joined by the brigade at Horse Well, except the cavalry, which should remain at that point until the next day. Measures should be taken to give the troops moving to Horse Well to understand that General Hindman is threatened in front, and that they are intended to sustain him. This impression would probably be reported to the enemy, and cause him to suspect that we intended to cross or defend the river in his front at Munfordville, and thus serve in some measure to blind our real movement against Columbia. The advance of General H. to Woodsonville would confirm him in this impression.

From Glasgow our forces should move with the greatest possible celerity upon the enemy at Columbia, while the cavalry at Horse Well should be instructed to move towards Greensburg on the 16th and ascertain the strength and character of the enemy at that point, and, if found to be inconsiderable, to disperse them, and then gain a position to act with the main body certainly by the evening of the 17th. If such a force be found at Greensburg as to render it inexpedient to risk an attack a small force should be left to observe it, while the remainder hastens to support the main body in its attack on Columbia.

If the enemy should attempt to retire from Columbia, the cavalry could harass him and probably cause him to take a position and give battle.

The greatest care should be taken to prevent the enemy from gaining information of the movement, and for that purpose all persons should be intercepted going in that direction.

If we can gain possession of this point, I think General Zollicoffer should be instructed to move to and hold it. We should thus gain a large district of country, filled with grain and provisions, of which we are much in need. In the mean time I think I risk nothing in undertaking to defend this place with the troops remaining from any attack of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIFLE BRIGADE, Knoxville, December 11, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In pursuance of your instructions by telegraph of yesterday, the sentence of death pronounced by court-martial upon A. C. Haun, the bridge burner, was executed by hanging at 12 o'clock to-day. The court-martial is still in session, engaged in the trial of a number of others charged with complicity in the same crime. I am not advised of the nature or extent of the proof that can be brought against them,

