HEADQUARTERS, Cave City, Ky., December 12, 1861-12 m.

Lieutenant D. G. WHITE,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Yesterday morning information reached me, through Southern-rights men of Woodsonville and vicinity, that the enemy at Munfordville had commenced repairing the ferry-boat which had been sunk by Captain Morgan, and that parties of their mounted men had been seen trying the depth of the river at different points within a distance of half a mile above and below.

About the same time a spy, whom I had sent to Greensburg, returned with the report that Colonel Hobson was at that place with 600 men (500 infantry, 50 cavalry, and two pieces of artillery), and that all or nearly all the troops had left Campbellsville for Camp Nevin, near Nolin, the reason assigned being the intended advance upon Bowling Green by way of Munfordville.

Scouts sent to the burnt bridge, the point where the Glasgow and Bardstown road strikes the river, reported that a scouting party from Bacon Creek, between 30 and 50 strong, had appeared there, but without crossing. At 10 o'clock I sent a small party of Colonel Terry's Rangers towards Munfordville, instructed to ascend Summerseat's Knob, and observe the position and movements of the enemy. From that eminence, which overlooks Munfordville, they counted 150 Sibley tents, and saw smoke of camp-fires ascending from behind ridge which hid the tents there from view. The distance from Summerset at to Munfordville is about 2 miles; not more. The tents were counted by the use of a glass, and the number amy have been a few more or less. No movement was observed; everything seemingly inactive.

At 1 p. m. I went in person, with ap arty of 10 men, to Rowlett's Station, distant from Munfordville between half a three-quarters of a mile, intending to ascend Rowlett's Knob and observe the enemy's camp from that position. Before reaching there it became evident that that knob was occupied by Federal pickets. I distinctly saw 4 men on the projection which looks towards Horse Well. A good deal of time was lost in an unsuccessful attempt to cut them off, and the ascent of the knob was not made. I reached Rowlett'

s Station at sunset. It is situated on the ridge that connects Somerset [?] and Rowlett's Knobs, and which is most depressed where the railroad intersects it, forming, however, a bluff 100 feet higher than the level strip between its edge and the river. This intervening strip of level ground is about half a mile wide, and is heavily timbered next to the river, hiding all view of the opposite side, except the top of the knobs behind Munfordville. I ascertained that the ferry-boat had been completed. We had the pleasure of hearing Hail Columbia and Yankee Doodle played by General Johnson's band during some half hour or more.

Going towards Munfordville I traveled the Greensburg road, which is exceedingly rough, and in several places almost, if not quite, impassable for wagons. cavalry may pass over it without difficulty. After leaving the vicinity of Horse Cave it winds along the hollow through which the railroad passes, and which becomes more and more narrow towards the river, knobs confining it on both sides.

Returning, I came upon this turnpike, which passes by the place and crosses the knob just above Woodland, about 2 1/2 miles from here. For a distance of 3 or 4 miles, coming in this direction, it is macadamized; the remainder is a good dirt road; an army might pass over it easily.

I returned to Horse Well about 10 o'clock last night. General Har-

