
recross the river. He asks for six pieces, 24-pounders or 8-inch howitzers. Colonel Powell's regiment has been ordered from the railroad to join Zollicoffer immediately, and Colonel Leadbetter informed, so that he can replace the guard it withdraws. To make General Carroll's brigade effective it is necessary to obtain 800 muskets, which are known to be in ordnance office at Memphis. Please order William R. Hunt, ordnance officer at that point, to forward them immediately to this place, subject to my order.*

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ky., December 16, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he wishes to know what action he shall take with regard to the Branch Bank of Kentucky at this place. He has caused a statement of the affairs of the bank to be made to him by the cashier, and there is at this time in the vaults of the bank, in coin and bank notes, nearly $50,000. The State of Kentucky owns one-fourth of the stock of the bank, and to that extent, even had the stockholders taken no action, the assets of the bank would have been subject to the law applicable to alien enemies; but the bank itself, as you, perhaps, are aware, [advanced?] $5,000,000 to carry on the Lincoln war. The general, under these circumstances, desires instructions from the Department, and would be pleased to have them by telegraph.

By command of Major-General Polk:

W. B. RICHMOND,

Aide-de-Camp, C. S. Army.

MONTGOMERY, December 16, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

General A. S. Johnston has made requisition on Alabama for troops, which can be armed with rifles or shot-guns. State arms exhausted. Our people won't give up private arms without compensation, which we have no authority to make. Will Confederate Government make such compensation? How and when paid?

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

RICHMOND, VA., December 16, 1861.

Governor SHORTER, Montgomery, Ala.:

This Government will pay for all small-arms, rifles, and shot-guns that may be brought into service at fair valuations, made by our ordnance officers, on the delivery of the arms or on the muster of the troops into service for the war. We will not pay for arms for twelve-months' men.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*So ordered same day.

---------------

