
officer in the Army, it would perhaps not be proper for me to make any suggestions to Mr. Benjamin unless they should be called for.

Colonel H. R. Austin visits Richmond for the purpose of impressing these views upon the President. Colonel Landon C. Haynes will follow in a few days for the same purpose. These gentlemen can inform you more fully touching the subject of which I have written. I beg you to give them every assistance you can in bringing this important matter before the President and Secretary of War.

Respectfully, your friend,

H. C. YOUNG.

BOWLING GREEN, December 20, 1861.

J. P. BENJAMIN:

The enemy are crossing Green River at many points in overwhelming numbers. Their bridges are laid. I cannot meet them with more than 10,000 men between Green River and Nashville. Can Floyd be sent on here? Answer by telegraph.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

RICHMOND, December 20, 1861.

General JOHNSTON:

General Floyd's command will reach you by Christmas, but there are only about 2,500 men left in it. The Southern troops were sent to General Lee at Charleston, where the enemy are moving with heavy force.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

[HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,]

Bowling Green, December 20, [1861].

Governor HARRIS, Nashville:

The enemy in overwhelming numbers are crossing Green River. Their bridges are now laid or being laid. Every exertion, Governor, to get your regiments put into the field is now a necessity.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CENTRAL ARMY KENTUCKY, Numbers 42. Bowling Green, December 20, 1861.

I. General Davis, Mississippi Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the fortifications in and about the town of Bowling Green. He will assign garrisons to the several works as follows:

To College Hill, 1,000 men; Baker's Hill, 500 men; Webb's Hill, 250 men; Underwood's Hill, one company; works on Vinegar Hill, one company each; Buckner's Hill, two companies; Price's Hill, one company.

The remainder of his forces will be held in reserve near Vinegar Hill. If he should not at present have a sufficient number of troops to furnish the garrisons as above, he will distribute his forces, as near as may be, according to the ratio indicated. Biffle's cavalry, Captain Graves' and

