
kinsville, retire to Clarksville, where defensive works are being constructed.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Bowling Green, December 21, 1861.

Major-General HARDEE, Commanding:

General Johnston directs you to move Brigadier-General Breckinridge's brigade to-day through Rocky Hill Village (10 miles east of Rocky Hill Station) to Skegg's Creek, and post it on the Scottsville and Glasgow road, on the Scottsville side of the creek, 7 1/2 miles from the bridge over the Barren.

Send General Buckner with the rest of his division through Rocky Hill Village by the point where the Scottsville and Glasgow road crosses Skegg's Creek, and thence to the bridge on the Barren, on the road where he will take post.

Order General Hindman, if forced to retire by superior forces, to retreat through Rocky Hill Village, where the Glasgow and Scottsville road crosses Skegg's Creek. Order him (Hindman) to send pickets at once in front of Brownsville, to relieve General Breckinridge's pickets, and order General Breckinridge not to relieve his pickets in front of Brownsville till they are replaced by Hindman.

Notify Hindman of the new position taken by Breckinridge and Buckner. Major-General Hardee will march with Claiborne's [Cleburne?] brigade to the crossing of the Scottsville and Glasgow pike over the Barren. The route will be by the Drake's Creek Bridge direct to Scottsville.

The movement of Generals Hardee and Buckner will take place at daylight to-morrow.

By command of General Johnston:

W. W. MACKALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI BRIGADE, Columbus, Ky., December 21, 1861.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.:

SIR: On or about the 1st instant Brigadier General G. J. Pillow, C. S. Army, then temporarily in command of this department of the Confederate Army, dispatched his excellency the Governor of the State of Mississippi, urging speedy re-enforcements to be sent from Mississippi in support of your position, then supposed to be threatened by an attack from the enemy gathering in force at Cairo and Paducah. Mississippi had already sent to the battle-field 25,000 of her brave sons, mostly armed and equipped by herself. She was but a few days since promptly responding to a call of General A. S. Johnston upon her for an additional 2,000 twelve-months' volunteers, to be armed by the Confederate Government. These troops were being disbanded by order of General Johnston, for want of arms, at the very moment the intelligence here referred to was received.

