
tion, and have provided a sufficient armament. I will endeavor to render them unnecessary by defending Nashville here, but a proper forecast should induce all to join in their immediate construction, and I therefore ask you to have them completed or take effective measures to furnish the necessary labor for their execution as soon as possible. The country between this place and Nashville offers no good defensible line, and the works I have ordered should not be neglected.

Such being the situation of affairs, the enemy will be compelled to move against Tennessee by this route or submit to the humiliation of closing a campaign without result or impression upon us in this quarter.

The news from Europe, as well as the dissatisfaction in the North, force them to advance now or admit the independence of the Confederacy virtually established. The disparity of my force is very great, and exposes our cause to a hazard that it is most unwise to continue to incur. Ten or fifteen thousand additional troops would make me feel assured of victory. With this additional force I could avail myself of every fault of their movements. Without them, I must be a spectator, without power to seize the opportunities. Foreseeing all this, for the last four months I have endeavored to obtain additional forces from Tennessee and other States, but notwithstanding the efforts of your excellency and other governors, the response has been feeble and the forces inadequate to the momentous interests involved.

If the people could be properly impressed with the vast exigency all would be safe, the designs of the enemy thwarted, and the Northern mind become dispirited and anxious for peace. A company now is worth to the South a regiment next year.

Under these circumstances, I once more invoke your excellency to impress upon your people these views and solicit you to forward to me here every man at your disposition. If well re-enforced now, Tennessee, the valley of the Mississippi, and the Confederacy is safe.

Returning to your excellency my sincere thanks for the energetic and efficient co-operation which I have received from you and Tennessee since I assumed command, I have the honor to subscribe myself, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

Five thousand men, Bowen's division, will leave Columbus for this place to-day.

RICHMOND, December 25, 1861.

Major W. R. HUNT, Memphis, Tenn.:

Arms belonging to the Government cannot be issued to twelve-months' volunteers until the volunteers for the war are first supplied. There are war regiments now waiting to be armed, and if there are Government arms at Memphis for issue, unarmed war regiments will be sent to Tennessee to receive them. This restriction is not intended to apply to the arms belonging to the twelve-months' regiments waiting repair or alteration which can be made at the armories; and such was the case in respect to General Carroll's arms, which were sent to Memphis to be put in order.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

