
your letter-though I presume it was not so intended-are calculated to do me injustice, and I would beg you to set me right in reference to these particulars. I acted in good faith to the Government and to everybody concerned, and I am willing to take upon myself all the responsibility which properly attaches to my acts or declarations. Your decision in the premises I consider wise, just, and magnanimous, and it is capable of a full and complete vindication. The results which will follow his departure from East Tennessee will be ample for this purpose; but I am unwilling to be placed before the country in the attitude of having induced the Government to abandon any intention of arresting Brownlow, by representing that he was concealed and entirely beyond its power. Such was probably not the fact. What I stated was substantially this: "That from fear of personal violence Brownlow had left home; was supposed to be concealed in the mountains of Sevier or Blount; that I had not seen him; had no authority from him to act for him; but that his wire had informed me that he desired to quit the Confederate States, and that she desired me to procure a passport for him if one could be obtained." Upon this statement your letter to General Crittenden was prepared. It was not imperative. The question was referred to General Crittenden to decide whether he should go or not. He was here on the ground; knew all the facts; was cognizant of the views and wishes of the Government; had the means of determining whether Brownlow was beyond the reach of the Government or not, and this question he decided for himself, uninfluenced by any suggestion of mine whatever.

You will pardon me, I hope, for adding that there is no necessity for the Government to apologize for this official act. It disappointed some persons who thirsted for his blood, and who had cherished the hope that he would fall a victim to this revolution, and they excited some feeling among the soldiery here. But the more enlightened, liberal, and brave Southern men among us take a different view. When the revolution is over you will have no occasion to regret the course which you have pursued in reference to Brownlow's case.

Respectfully, yours,

JNO. BAXTER.
HEADQUARTERS, Kelly's Station, Tenn., December 28, 1861.

THE ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Department of the West, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: Your telegram reached me two days out from Knoxville, on my way to General Zollicoffer's headquarters, and for that reason I am compelled to confine myself to an informal statement of the troops under my command.

There are two regiments of infantry at Cumberland Gap and Brazelton's battalion of cavalry, two companies of which are serving with Zollicoffer. The command numbers 1,500 men for duty; aggregate, a little over 2,000.

General Carroll's brigade consists of two regiments at Knoxville or vicinity, one armed and on the road to General Zollicoffer, one unarmed still in Knoxville, and Colonel Avery's regiment (incomplete) at Bowling Green. Captain Monsarrat's battery, consisting of ten pieces, is also attached to the brigade, but the company is not yet filled up, the intention being to augment it to 250 men. Colonel Gillespie's regiment, lately organized, is at Knoxville, but as yet assigned to no brigade,

