
as well as publication did as aforesaid commit treason, and did give aid and comfort to the United States, both of said Governments being in a state of war with each other. You are therefore commanded to arrest the said Brownlow and bring him before me, to be dealt with as the law directs.

R. B. REYNOLDS,

Commissioner, &amp;c.

DECEMBER 6, 1861.

[Inclosure D.]

KNOXVILLE, December 6, 1861.

Major-General CRITTENDEN:

I am now under an arrest, upon a warrant signed by Messrs. Reynolds and Ramsay, upon a charge of treason, founded upon sundry articles published in the Knoxville Whig since June last. I am here upon your invitation and promise of passports, and claiming your protection, as I do, I shall await your early response.

Very respectfully,

W. G. BROWNLOW.

[Inclosure E.]

KNOXVILLE, December 7, 1861.

W. G. BROWNLOW:

SIR: Your note stating that you were under an arrest upon a warrant upon a charge of treason, &c., has been handed to General Crittenden. He desires me to say in reply that in view of all the facts of the case (which need not be recapitulated here, for you are familiar with them), he does not consider that you are here upon his invitation in such manner as to claim his protection from an investigation by the civil authorities of the charges against you, which he clearly understood from yourself and your friends you would not seek to avoid.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

HARRY I. THORNTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

RICHMOND, December 30, 1861.

General LEONIDAS POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

We have a plenty of war men who could be sent to you, and for whom we have no arms. Pray cease accepting unarmed twelve-months' men, who are immensely expensive and utterly useless.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

BOWLING GREEN (via CHATTANOOGA), December 30, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

The citizens of Nashville believe, and so represent, that the city is in danger from incendiaries sent in by the Federalists or engaged from the disloyal of their own citizens. They wish a strong military police under a general officer, and recommend General R. C. Foster, from his knowledge of the city, the people, his firmness, and experience, as the

