
out a force to check the advance of the enemy, and our borders would have been to the invaders.

In reference to Colonel Gillespie's regiment it is proper to state that General Carroll had reported it to me as armed and I had ordered it to this place, and it is earnestly hoped that neither this or any other regiment will be ordered to be disbanded for the reason that they have not at the day of mustering arms in their hands.

The Governor of Tennessee is using every exertion to arm all the men who volunteer, and he informs me that he has every prospect of success.

In view, therefore, of these facts and that the enemy are immediately in my front in great numbers and that we need every man it is possible to get, I reiterate a respectful but earnest hope that the order will not be enforced by the department.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, January 12, 1862.

Colonel W. S. STATHAM,

Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Miss. Vols.,

Hdqrs. General Zollicoffer, Upper Cumberland:

COLONEL: Your application for the removal of your regiment to this place has been received by General Johnston.

Fully appreciating bother the past hardships of your regiment and the motives which induced the application he cannot comply at this time.

The position of General Zollicoffer is too important and too exposed to permit of any reduction of force, particularly so great a reduction as the removal of your regiment would be.

The general is satisfied that you will soon have an opportunity under General Z. of contributing to turn back the invaders of the South.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., January 12, 1862.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

The time for the enemy's attack on this post, for which he has been making such formidable preparations, is at hand. I have reason to believe he will attack by land and water in a few days. His flotilla is composed of the gunboats, mortar boats, and transports enumerated in the accompanying slip. This is taken from one of their own publications and verified substantially by other information.

This flotilla is to be supported by a land force. Of the number composing this force we have no certain information, but we have reason to believe it will reach from 30,000 to 50,000.

Since taking in putting of this place in September I have been actively engaged in putting it in so complete a condition of defense as the means at my disposal would allow. These means have been far less than I desired. The work, however, is one of decided strength, and it will offer a stern resistance to any attack that may be made upon it.

I regret to say that my force is much below what is required for the

