
field by the Second Minnesota Regiment, the others taken in the entrenchments by officers and men of the different regiments. Colonel Kise reports that his regiment captured three stands of colors, but none have been sent to these headquarters. I have ordered him to turn them in, and will forward them as soon as received. In the box with the colors is the regimental order-book of the Fifteenth Mississippi Rifles and a book of copies of all General Zollicoffer's orders from the organization of his brigade until a few days before the battle.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, CAMP OPPOSITE MILL SPRINGS, Numbers -. January 20, 1862.

1. The general commanding congratulates the troops on the splendid victory achieved over the enemy yesterday. We have met more than double our numbers, fresh from their entrenchments, repulsed them completely, and after a pursuit of 10 miles forced them to abandon their entrenchments with precipitation, leaving all their supplies, camp equipage, and private baggage. It is believed that the route was so complete that the whole force dispersed. When officers and men have behaved with such steadiness and bravery, the general cannot with impartiality particularize the acts of any individuals; all were equally conspicuous.

2. Colonel M. D. Manson, commanding the Second Brigade, will take command, and see that all the public property is properly invoiced and forwarded to Somerset without delay. He will also throw a strong force across the river and secure the public property abandoned by the enemy on the other side, after which he will select the most eligible position for his camp and remain until further orders.

3. Colonel R. L. McCook, commanding the Third Brigade, will proceed with his command to Somerset, where he will go into camp until further orders.

4. Commanders of brigades, regiments, and detached corps will report the number of killed, wounded, and missing without delay.

By order of Brigadier General G. H. Thomas

GEO. E. FLYNT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Mahlon D. Manson, Tenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Camp near Mill Springs, January 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the engagement with the enemy at Logan's field, on the 19th instant

On the morning of the 17th instant I took the advance of all the other troops on the march from Columbia towards the enemy's works with the Tenth Indiana Regiment, and arrived at Logan's farm, distant

