
bia for Burkesville; that two or three more regiments have left the same place, under Colonel Bramlette, with the intention of marching to some point on the Cumberland River above the position occupied by General Zollicoffer.

I understand that General Zollicoffer's force is at Mill Creek, about 5 miles above Creelsborough and 20 miles above Burkesville. If such is the case, the enemy have gone to Burkesville for the purpose of cutting off his supplies up the Cumberland River. The force left at Columbia is small.

I have this morning employed a good man as a spy.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

B. H. HELM,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Kentucky Cavalry.

[HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,]

Bowling Green, January 13, 1862.

Major V. K. STEVENSON,

Quartermaster, Nashville:

From information just received the enemy are perhaps advancing on Burkesville. Don't let a steamboat go above Gainesborough.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BEAUREGARD, January 14, 1862-6 a.m.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts have reported the enemy 6,000 at Mayfield. The locomotive is at Fulton, entirely out of order. My transportation is limited.

R. H. BREWER,

Major, Commanding.

FORT HENRY, January 14, 1862-(via Danville).

General POLK:

A messenger reached here just now from Paducah with information, from a reliable source, that a division of 60,000 men, supported by eleven gunboats and thirty mortar boats, carrying not less than 160 guns, will move up Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers on next Thursday. I sent copy of letter by mail.

A. HEIMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Fort Henry.

BOWLING GREEN, January 14, 1862.

General POLK, Columbus:

Have received information this morning that great preparations are making to attack Columbus. All the gunboats ordered to Cairo. One of General Polk's men deserted, and now at Paducah. They say Pillow has resigned, and that the bulk of your force has left for this place.

Force at Paducah ordered to be ready to move.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

