
I understand that Major Hays is ordered to draw money to pay the soldiers of your division from the 1st of November. Two companies of my regiment have pay due them from the 1st of October and several from the 5th of October. Can you not alter the order so that Major Hays will pay my regiment from the 1st of October?

I am, truly, yours,

B. H. HELM,

Colonel, Commanding First Regiment Kentucky Cavalry.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., January 19, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

I desire the Government, if it be possible, to send a strong force to Nashville and another to Memphis. The movements of the enemy indicate his intention to turn General Polk's right by the Memphis and Ohio Railroad. Their preparations to attack General Polk in front and on his flank seem to be of immense magnitude. Since my last report the enemy have established themselves on my right at Burkesville, about 40 miles below General Zollicoffer, on the Cumberland. This Burkesville force is estimated from 2,500 to 3,000.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, January 19, 1862.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: On the 17th Fort Henry, on Tennessee, was attacked by three gunboats, accompanied by transports. They did not approach near enough for their shot to reach; our batteries, though ready, did not reply. They have certainly landed troops and wagons from their transports a few miles below the fort, on the west side of the river.

Reports of Murray, marching on Fort Henry, and a column of 2,000 marching on Murray from a point on the Tennessee north and east of Murray.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, January 19, 1862.

Major-General POLK, Columbus:

GENERAL: Did you receive my letters of December 10? General Johnston wishes to know.

The enemy are advanced near Murray; Paris their probable destination. The general calls your attention to the suggestions made in that letter.

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

