
right would carry it all the consequences which could be expected by the enemy here if they could break through my defenses. If I had the forces to prevent a flank movement they would be compelled [to] attack this position, which we doubt not can make a successful defense.

If force cannot be spared from other army corps the country must now be roused to make the greatest that they will be called upon to make during the contest. No matter what the sacrifice may be, it must be made, and without loss of time. Our people do not comprehend the magnitude of the danger that threatens. Let it be impressed upon them.

The enemy will probably undertake no active operations in Missouri, and may be content to hold our force fast in their position on the Potomac for the remainder of the winter; but to suppose with the facilities of movement by water which the well-filled rivers of the Ohio, Cumberland, and Tennessee give for active operations, that they will suspend them in Tennessee and Kentucky during the winter months is a delusion.

All the resources of the Confederacy are now needed for the defense of Tennessee.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure.]

[A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, General, C. S. Army:]

Louisville Democrat of 21st instant, just brought down by Captain Morgan, from Rowlett's, contains account of fight between Zollicoffer and Thomas and Zollicoffer's defeat and death. It says:

Zollicoffer, learning from his spies that Thoms was marching down from Columbia with between 5,000 and 6,000 men, determined to take him by surprise, and, attacking him with a superior force, cut him off before re-enforcements reached him. Taking 10,000 men, he marched out of his intrenchments and at 6 o'clock Sunday morning commenced the fight. Battle raged hotly and furiously until about noon, when the rebel forces were put to flight in disorder, leaving 200 killed and wounded on the field. Among the killed was Bailie Peyton, jr., on Zollicoffer's staff, and among the wounded, who shortly afterwards died, was Zollicoffer himself, found in a wagon. The loss of Federal side estimated at 70 killed and wounded-probably more. Rebel force fled to their intrenchments, and Thomas waited until Monday morning to attack and capture or cut them to pieces, but rebels had crossed the Cumberland during the night, leaving everything behind them, without even destroying anything.

The fight is reported as having occurred at Webb's Cross-Roads. The first news received at Louisville was by dispatch from General Thomas himself. The number of the enemy engaged is not stated, but among the others were the Ninth Ohio, Tenth Indiana, and Nineteenth Regulars. Will send you paper by train this evening.

T. C. HINDMAN.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Bowling Green, January 22, [1862].

Governor HARRIS, Nashville:

General Tilghman telegraphs that enemy is marching from Murray to Pine Bluff at 2 p.m. yesterday. Bad roads and Polk's movements upon his rear, with 1,000 cavalry and some regiments infantry, have changed enemy's course. Arm the two regiments at Henderson Station. Lieutenant Wright will furnish ammunition and powder-horns, if he has them. They will receive orders as soon as I am notified that this is done.

A. S. JOHNSTON.

