
Abstract from weekly report of the Fourth Division, Brigadier General Tilghman, commanding, for January 31, 1862.

Present for duty

Stations	 Officers 	 Men	 Aggregate present and

 	 	 absent

Fort Henry	 188	 2,845	 3,959

Fort Donelson	 161	 1,795	 3,506

Total	 349	 4,640	 7,465

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

Ginesborough, Tenn., February 1, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department of the West:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that I am unable as yet to make out and transmit to you my detailed report of the engagement on the 19th of January. This delay is owing to the delay of the officers of the command in sending up their reports.

I would suggest that this command be re-enforced by several well-drilled regiments at an early day.

Inclosed I send you a sketch of the section of the country.* You will see that this position of Gainesborough can be turned by the enemy, and in many respects it is an unfavorable point. I cannot occupy Livingston or any point on the road from Livingston to the Walton road for want of transportation to carry supplies to the camp from the river.

I submit to you, then, the propriety of occupying Chestnut Mound. To that point supplies can be easily hauled from river landings, and it is connected with Nashville, and also with Carthage, by a turnpike. Supplies of corn are abundant on Caney Fork, and could be brought down to a landing on the turnpike near to Chestnut Mound.

I feel some embarrassment with regard to the course to be pursued towards those privates absent without leave from this command. The non-commissioned officer absent without leave I shall reduce to the ranks, and I will have the officers so absent proceeded against with the utmost rigor.

Captain Morgan, a volunteer aide on my staff, beast this to you. He also bears an order from me, for publication in the journals of Nashville and Knoxville, commanding all absent from this command without leave to report themselves at these headquarters immediately.

Being fully aware of the charges which have been made against me by fugitives from this command I have demanded a court of inquiry, and feel satisfied that an investigation will establish the facts that the battle of Fishing Creek and the subsequent movement were military necessities, for which I am not responsible. I feel assured that I shall have no difficulty in defending my conduct throughout these affairs.

I remain, yours, &amp;c.,

G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

