
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 3, 1862.

G. W. JOHNSON,

Governor of Kentucky, Bowling Green, Ky.;

SIR: Congress has recently passed a law entitled "An act to authorize the President to call upon the several States for troops, to serve for three years or during the war." In accordance with its provisions I have been instructed by the President to make a call on the several States for a number of men, to be enlisted for the war, sufficient to fill up a quota equal to 6 per cent. of the entire white population.

Under these instructions the number of troops required from your State would be about 46,000 men, or about fifty-eighth regiments, averaging 800 men each. Under the peculiar circumstances in which Kentucky is placed and the difficulties which embarrass her authorities I cannot hope that you will be able at present to meet this call, which it, is, however, my duty to make. I therefore respectfully call upon Your Excellency to have raised and mustered into the Confederate service the above-named number of regiments or as many thereof as may be possible for you to obtain.

These regiments, as formed, will be mustered into the Confederate service, and will report, as fast as mustered, to General A. S. Johnston, at his headquarters. They will be clothed, subsisted, and armed at the expense of the Confederate States, and each man will be entitled, when his company is mustered into service, to receive a bounty of &amp;50 and transportation from his home to the place of rendezvous.

It is earnestly hoped that Your Excellency will spare no pains to have your troops ready for the field as promptly as possible. They will be joined by large re-enforcements from your sister States, and it is confidently believed that but a short period will elapse ere the soil of Kentucky will be freed from the oppression of the invader, and your whole people will by enable to unite in a common effort for censuring the blessings of peace and independence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., WEST. DEPT., Numbers 17. Columbus, Ky., February 3, 1862.

I. Colonel Wickliffe, Seventh Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as military governor of the town of Columbus, and will report, with his regiment, to Colonel Stephens, commanding Second Brigade of the Second Division.

II. Lieutenant Colonel M. J. Wright, of the One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, is hereby appointed military governor of Columbus, and he will be obeyed accordingly.

III. Lieutenant Colonel M. J. Wright is hereby vested with the power to adopt such rules and regulations as he may deem necessary for the preservation of the good order of Columbus as a military post, subject to the approval of the major-general commanding, and on making public these and regulations they must be obeyed and enforced.

IV. Lieutenant-Colonel Wright will adopt such measures as he may deem necessary to prevent the egress and ingress of citizens and other persons not belonging to the army at this post and will issue orders accordingly.

