
[CHAP. XVII.

V. The commanding officer of the Second Division will furnish the military governor with such details for guard duty as he may require. Other details that may become necessary will be made from these headquarters on the application of the military governor.

VI. Daily reports will be made to general headquarters by the military governor, giving a list of arrests and prisoners, together with such remarks as may show the condition of the police of the town.

VII. All steamboats arriving at Columbus, before discharging their freights or permitting any of their passengers to land, shall furnish the military governor with a list of passengers for this post and with their manifests. All steamboat captains will be held to a strict accountability for any infraction of this order.

VIII. No citizens or soldiers belonging to other armies shall be permitted to leave Columbus without a passport from the military governor, and all persons not belonging to this army, on their arrival at Columbus, shall register their names and places of residence at the office of the military governor, and obtain from him a permission to remain in town.

IX. Captain W. J. Whitsitt, of Company A, One hundred and fifty-fourth Senior Regiment Tennessee Volunteers, is hereby appointed provost-marshal of this post, and will immediately report for duty and instructions to Lieutenant Colonel M. J. Wright.

By command of Major-General Polk:

R. N. SNOWDEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT HENRY, February 4, 1862-5 p. m.

(Received Columbus, February 5, 1862.)

General POLK:

The enemy is landing troops in large forces on this side of the river, within 3 miles of the fort. Their advance cavalry is at Boyd's, 3 miles from here.

I have sent the Dunbar to the mouth of Sandy after the two regiments there and the Appleton Belle is gone to the bridge after the remaining companies. There are eight gunboats and nine transports in the river. I have three pieces of light battery and two companies in a good position at the outer works on the Dover road, with directions to move one of the pieces, if necessary, to Major Garvin's position. They are not landing on the opposite bank, and it will perhaps be prudent to bring some of the troops over here, but I will await your orders, or, what I would more desire, your presence. Come not without a large escort. I have sent Milton company to meet you, should you come this evening.

Above dispatch received from A. Heiman.

TILGHMAN.

FORT HENRY, February 5, 1862-11 a. m.

(Received February 6.)

Colonel MACKALL:

If you can re-enforce strongly and quickly we have a glorious chance to overwhelm the enemy. Move by Clarksville to Donelson and across, and to Danville, where transports will be ready.

Enemy said to be entrenching below.

My plans are to concentrate closely in an under Henry.

TILGHMAN.

