
FORT HENRY, February 6-12 m.

General POLK:

Your dispatches of 5th instant to hand.* Thank you for cavalry, but had rather have disciplined infantry. I must have two regiments, thoroughly armed and equipped, from you. Enemy strong 3 miles below, fortifying. They were re-enforced yesterday. Scouting parties engaged enemy's pickets yesterday and our cavalry retired; lost one man. I re-enforced, and enemy retired.

Don't trust to Johnston's re-enforcing me; we need all. I don't want raw troops who are just organized; they are in my way. Act promptly, and don't trust to any one.

TILGHMAN.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, C. A. KENTUCKY,Russellville, Ky., February 6, 1862.

Captain DERRICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance with the other received this morning, Captain Porter's battery has been selected to report to General Pillow. It is my duty, however, to call the attention of the commanding general to the following facts:

My division consists of three large brigades, one of which, with a battery attached (except one large regiment which is with me), is in advance of Bolwing Green.

I have with me at this place two brigades of infantry and a large regiment of another brigade-in all eight regiments, or more than 5,000 infantry. The absence of Porter's battery will leave one brigade without a battery, there being only two batteries with me, including Porter's, while I understand there are three of four batteries attached to the division of General Floyd at this place, constituting only about half the strength of the infantry of my division now here. I therefore respectfully request that the detail of Captain Porter's battery be replaced by a detail of one of the batteries of the other division.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

CLARSKVILLE, February 6, 1862.

(Received Bowling Green, February 6, 1862.)

Captain W. D. PICKETT:

I have gone around and examined the works in front of this place. None of them are completed.

The only work with good command of the river will be submerged by a full river. This rise will probably put it under. But four heavy guns here and not one ready for use. No ammunition for any of the guns.

General Clark left Hopkinsville this morning. No news to-day from below; river full and rising rapidly.

Orders should go to Nashville to meet my requisitions promptly by

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

