
RICHMOND, February 9, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, Bowling Green:

Large re-enforcements have been ordered to join you, and 5,000 men have been ordered up from New Orleans to Columbus. I write you in full by to-day's mail.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, February 9, 1862.

G. B. BEVINE, Huntsville, Ala.:

Your dispatch received.* Chalmers' regiment, two field batteries, and part of Looney's regiment have been ordered to Tuscumbia. Unite with them all who with their own arms will go to meet the enemy.

The number of men who can have been transported by four gunboats should never be allowed to tread upon our soil and return. I hope you may also capture the gunboats.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

COLUMBUS, February 9, 1862.

General POLK:

Mr. Powers, the operator at Tuscumbia, informs me that the enemy took possession of the telegraph office in Florence and found out nearly everything that was passing over the line before he was informed of their having landed. He then immediately disconnected the Florence line from his office and cut them off. They had operators and instruments with them. They informed the citizens of Florence that it was their intention to return in a day or so with a force sufficiently large to take and hold their position at that place; that it was not their intention to harm the citizens who would willingly submit and to those who were loyal to the United States.

Respectfully,

W. P. JOHNSON,

Operator.

RUSSELLVILLE, February 9, 1862.

General JOHNSTON;

Following message just received of Major Casseday, at Clarksville:

A messenger, sent by reliable men at Lexington, Ky., brings a dispatch, dated 29th ultimo, which says that 900 wagons are being loaded with guns, army stores, &amp;c., at Lexington, and sent to London, Ky. They learn movement into East Tennessee to be made with large force through London.

All our troops here have gone on to Donelson by boats.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Dover, Tenn., February 9, 1862.

Brigadier-General Pillow assumes command of the forces at this place. He relies with confidence upon the courage and fidelity of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

