
[CHAP. XVII.

brave officers and men under his command to maintain the post. Drive back the ruthless invader from our soil again raise the Confederate flag over Fort Henry. He expects every man to do his duty. With God's help we will accomplish our purpose. Our battle cry, "Libery or dearth."

By order of Brigadier-General Pillow:

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY AT FORT DONELSON, Numbers 1. February 9, 1862.

The forces at this post are for the present arranged as follows:

General Buckner's division will retain its present organization and by commanded by him.

The regiments of Colonels Head, Bailey, and Sugg will form a brigade, and be commanded by Colonel Head. It will occupy its present position for the protection of the river batteries. In the event of an attack on these batteries these regiments will take shelter under the faces of the wall or outer works on the eastern side. The regiments of Colonels Heiman, Voorhies, and Hughes will constitute a brigade, and be commanded by Colonel Heiman.

The regiments of Colonels Davidson, Simonton, Gregg, and Major Henry's battalion and the field battery of captain Ross will form a brigade, and commanded by Colonel Davidson.

Captain Maney will occupy, with his field battery, the hollow through which the main Fort Henry road passes.

Captain Culbertson will take command of the main battery on the river side, and Captain Stankieuriz will take command of the three gun battery.

The regiments of Colonel Drake and Gee will constitute a brigade, and be commanded by colonel Drake.

The Fifty-first and Fifty-sixth Virginia Regiments will constitute a brigade, and be commanded by Colonel Wharton.

Captain Dixon, of the Engineer Corps, will remain in charge of the works, and report to these headquarters, [as] directed by Major Gilmer, of General Johnston's staff, while he remains here.

Major J. W. Jones is assigned to duty as post quartermaster, and will report to these headquarters.

The brigades commanded by Colonels Heiman, Davidson, and Drake will form a division, and be under the command of Brigadier-General Johnson.

By command of brigadier-General G. J. Pillow:

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, February 9, 1862.

(Received Columbus, February 10, 1862.)

General LEONIDAS POLK:

Your dispatch received. Five thousand troops have been ordered

