
EXECUTIVE HEADQUARTERS,

Nashville, Tenn., February 16, 1862.

Colonel CLAIBORNE:

You will call out the entire force under your command and apply to the military storekeeper at the capital for arms. When armed, call upon the ordnance officer at Nashville for ammunition and accouterments, and hold your command subject to the orders of General Johnston.

Impress upon your soldiery that the Revolution of '76 was won by the Tennessee rifle, and that we fight in defense of our homes and all that we hold dear.

By order of Isham G. Harris, Governor, &amp;c.:

W. C. WHITTHORNE,

Adjutant-General.

PARIS, February 16, 1862-5 p. m.

Major-General POLK:

Your dispatches ordering me to destroy the bridges and trestle between Paris and Tennessee River have been received and shall be executed. Your order to destroy the bridge on Tennessee River has also been received.

The enemy burnt that bridge last night. There is no mistake of this. I will execute your orders fully.

J. H. MILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Edgefield, February 16, 1862-5.35 a. m.

Colonel BOWN,

Commanding Head of Column:

General Johnston orders the march to be resumed in the order in which the troops left Bowling Green. News from our flank makes this advisable. Pass this order on to the brigades in rear till it reaches General Hardee.

Respectfully,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Provisions are at Manscoe Creek. Let it be known to the brigades in rear of you.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH ALABAMA,Tuscumbia, February 16, 1862.

Major W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of General A. S. Johnston:

MAJOR: On the 14th I addressed you a communication and directed it to Bowling Green, not having then heard of its evacuation by General Johnston. Fearing that it may not reach you, I repeat substantially its contents. General Bragg, commanding the Department of West Florida and Alabama, has created this directed and assigned me to its command. The object of General Bragg in sending me here was to

