
[CHAP. XVII.

defend the Upper Tennessee and the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and its connections; but with the district as now organized it is impossible to adopt any system of defenses at all commensurate with the magnitude of the interests involved. It is not only the Tennessee River up to this point which is threatened, but also the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and the Mobile and Ohio Road, which intersects the Memphis and Charleston Road at Corinth, Miss. These roads constitute the vertebrae of the Confederacy, but with this district as now limited I have no control of that portion of Mississippi and Tennessee through which these roads run, nor of that portion of Mississippi and Tennessee through which these roads run, nor of that portion of Tennessee lying on the Tennessee River from which these roads may be approached. The portions of Mississippi and Tennessee referred to lie within the department of General Johnston. I therefore respectfully and urgently suggest that the counties of Tishomingo and Tippah, in Mississippi, and the counties of Wayne, Hardin, and McNairy, in Tennessee, be added to my district, so that I may be able to direct and control the military operations in those counties.

A large proportion of the population of the counties of Hardin and Wayne is in sympathy with the enemy, and either Savannah or Hamburg, in Tennessee, or Eastport, in Mississippi, will be made the base of his operations.

The only troops so far assigned to me by General Bragg are one regiment of infantry and one regiment of cavalry. The inadequacy of this force is patent to observation, and I trust that General Johnston, appreciating, as I doubt not he does, the importance of this position, will at once send me an additional force; and in this connection I would respectfully request that an engineer officer of experience and ability be sent to me.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, February 16, 1862.

Colonel LEADBETTER, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Proceed to Cumberland Gap with all the force which can be spared from guarding the railroad to re-enforce Colonel Rains. Forces are on the way to Knoxville from here, care of Colonel Vance, commanding Knoxville.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, February 16, 1862.

Colonel R. B. VANCE, Knoxville, Tenn.:

Send all the troops you can, without delay, to re-enforce Colonel Rains. Other regiments are on their way to Knoxville, and you will have large re-enforcements within a few days. Keep only the smallest guard consistent with safety at Knoxville, and send the reseat by forced marches to re-enforce Rains.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

