
[CHAP. XVII.

cannot afford to lose. Heavy re-enforcements from the South will reach you, and I suppose four or five regiments from New Orleans must already be in Tennessee, as well as four regiments from General Bragg's command, to be further increased by four regiments from this neighborhood. Some 10,000 additional veteran troops will be thrown forward from the South, and no effort will be spared to save the line of communication between Memphis and Bristol, so vital to our defense.

We have no accurate knowledge of the events at Fort Donelson, but are satisfied that the resistance was glorious. The reverse was, unfortunately, the case at Roanoke Island.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

MURFREESBOROUGH, February 20, 1862.

General JOHNSTON:

The gunboats landed at Clarksville yesterday at 3 o'clock. The bridges here were destroyed this morning. I am still attempting to get trains off, but the difficulties are immense. The troops will all leave here to-day.

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Corinth, Miss., February 20, 1862.

By authority from Major-General Polk the undersigned assumes command of all the Confederate forces on the Memphis and Charleston railroad as far as Decatur and in its vicinity, north and south.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., February 20, 1862-5.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Commanding at Iuka, Miss.;

One gunboat passed Hamburg, Tennessee River, this morning at 10 o'clock, for Florence, it is reliable reported. The people on board state that another boat, with transports, will pass up to-morrow.

Take immediate measures to protect Florence, if you have the means to do so. If not, inform me at once.

Have you a field battery ready for service? Have you any heavy guns? What quantity of powder have you? Answer.

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army, Commanding Brigade.

CORINTH, MISS., February 20, 1862-6 p. m.

Major-General LOVELL, New Orleans, La.:

I am ordered to command the district embracing the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. One gunboat has just passed Hamburg for Flor-

