
[CHAP. XVII.

could not get to Viola, but I have destroyed the railroads as well as possible from within 5 miles south of Mayfield back to Fulton Station. All the bridges are destroyed as far as Viola, Major King and other having done that on the Obion and other creeks some time ago.

I destroyed the engine and some to the cars. Those I did not destroy were full of provisions and other stores belonging to the Government. The depot building and cars at Fulton Station are all full to overflowing with provisions, &amp;c., and if they are not speedily moved will be materially damaged. As soon as they can be removed the cars will be destroyed. I had a large lot of flour and other provisions, some wagons, &c., moved from Camp Beauregard to Fulton Station, and there, as directed by you, I set fire to that camp.

I learned from Judge Campbell, of Paducah, that the enemy admit that they lost 5,000 men in killed and wounded in the battles at Fort Donelson.

Hoping, general, that our work may be satisfactory to you, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. H. LOGWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

GLADESVILLE, VA., February 21, 1862.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I received dispatch in the night last night from Colonel Williams, whose regiment I had ordered to occupy Osborne's Gap. He says the enemy has gone back to Piketon; had been up to the head of Marrowbone, but that his force is exaggerated. I ordered Trigg's and Moore's regiments forward. They came promptly through rain, snow, and mud, the former making 16 miles yesterday and the front 9 by 12 to-day. I permit them to return to their position on the Clinch.

I did hope ere this to hear from you. Something should be done, general, to enable the officer in command of this country to remove the bad and unsound men from those neighborhoods where they can and do daily communicate with the enemy.

Hoping that the Department will answer my letters, and especially that which asks leave to visit Richmond for a few days, I remain, your obedient servant,

H. MARSHALL,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

[FEBRUARY 22, 1862.-For Bragg to Benjamin, in reference to re-enforcements for Kentucky, &c., see Series I, Vol. VI, p. 829.]

RICHMOND, VA., February 23, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON, Murfreesborough, Tenn.:

General M. Lovell has sent four regiments to Corinth, Miss. Give your orders whether they are to join you or General Polk.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

