
In conclusion, allow me to say that I do not claim that any special honor is due to my regiment because in advance of all other troops a portion of it first entered the rebel fortifications, or because my advance company first reached the river in their pursuit and there found the artillery and other property of the enemy. Simple justice demands the admission that the capture of the enemy's works and the property abandoned by them was the result of the battle at Logan's on the 19th instant. But I do not claim for the officers and soldiers of this regiment that, under circumstances the most discouraging, they made a march (18 miles in about six hours) which indicated their willingness, even eagerness, to endure any fatigue or make any sacrifice in order to meet on the field of battle those wicked and unnatural men who are seeking without cause to destroy the Union of our furthers.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. HARLAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel M. D. MANSON,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Dept. of the Ohio.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William C. Kise, Tenth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP OPPOSITE MILL SPRINGS, WAYNE COUNTRY, KY.,

January 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the Tenth Regiment of Indiana Volunteers, under my command, in the battle fought on the 19th instant, at Logan's farm, Pulaski County, Kentucky

On the evening of the 18th instant, in accordance with your order, I sent out as pickets Companies K and I, Captains Shortle and Perkins, and had them posted on the road leading to the fortifications of the enemy on Cumberland River, distant about 12 miles. Major A. O. Miller, who posted the picket, stationed Company I 1 mile from our camp, and Company K 300 yards beyond. The latter company received instructions to fall back to Captain Perkins if attacked.

At about 6.30 o'clock on the morning of the 19th instant a courier came to our quarters, with information that the enemy was advancing upon our camp, and almost immediately afterwards the firing of our pickets was heard. The long roll quickly brought the Tenth Regiment into ranks, and I gave orders to Major Miller to go forward with Company A, Captain Hamilton, to the support of the picket companies, which order was promptly executed. I soon proceeded by your order with the remaining seven companies of my regiment down the road in the direction of the picket firing. When I got within 75 yards of the three companies, then hotly engaged, I formed the regiment in line of battle and rapidly disposed it for fighting. Five companies extended through the woods on the right of the road and the remaining companies on the left. A regiment of rebels were advancing in line of battle and their treasonable colors were seen flaunting in the breeze. Having selected as good a position as practicable, I took a stand and ordered the regiment to fire, which order was instantly obeyed.

The firing continued without cessation for one hour, during which time we engaged three of the enemy's regiments and held them at bay. The battle was at its hottest, and our ranks were gradually becoming thinned and mutilated, when I perceived a regiment of rebel cavalry

