
regiments, which form two brigades, I believe, commanded by their senior colonels, respectively.

Brigadier General A. P. Stewart commands an independent brigade of three regiments and the heavy artillery, and is in immediate command of the works.

In addition there are quite 1,400 cavalry, over whom there should be some competent commander.

These twenty-two regiments really ought to be subdivided into five brigades, two of them of four regiments and two of five regiments each, taking the weakest regiment for the latter. Larger brigades of volunteers cannot be well handled in action, and I should prefer on that account brigades of but four regiments. I regard the divisional organization as absolutely essential. My experience fully confirms the military practice in European services in this connection. Volunteers need these subdivisions even more than regular troops.

As reported in a previous communication, I have called upon the governors of Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Alabama for additional troops. To-day I hear by telegraph that they will be furnished with the utmost alacrity and dispatch. For their prompt organization brigade commander will be wanted.

At present the general officers at Columbus are Major-General Polk, Brigadier-Generals Cheatham, McCown, and A. P. Stewart.

Under these circumstances I must respectfully recall the attention of the Department to my letter written just as I was leaving Centreville, touching the organization of this army. I would, however, so quality that letter as to say that officers serving now with the troops at Columbus, who may have been recommended by Generals Polk and Johnston for the command of brigades, should justly have precedence over those indicated by me as suitable for such commands. But some, at least, of those I recommended for division and brigade commands I shall need at an early day for the organization and command of the new levies, and I trust the President may be pleased to appoint and send them to report to me with as little delay as practicable.

The service of Colonel Mackall as a division commander I consider indispensable at this critical juncture. My health is such as to make it essential for me to have as many trained, experiences officers to aid me as practicable.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army.

JACKSON, TENN., February 24, 1862.

Brigadier General DANIEL RUGGLES,

Commanding, &amp;c., Corinth, Miss.:

DEAR GENERAL: The movement of the enemy in front of and in vicinity of Columbus and in the Tennessee River (it is removed as far as Savannah) make it necessary to watch him at once with the utmost vigilance. Therefore, although I have not assumed command formally, I shall advise the following, to save the time it would it would take to communicate with and though General Polk.

1st. Hold Hamburg, on the Tennessee River, in strict observation from Corinth.

2nd. Place a battalion of your command at Henderson Station, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and assume command of the local troops

