
attempting to flank me on the right and an infantry regiment on the left. I commanded Captain Gregory's company to take position to meet the cavalry on the right, which it did, and opened a galling fire upon them, but they were fast closing in upon us, and I saw myself completely outflanked on the right, and that re-enforcements must soon come to my relief or I would be compelled to fall back. I was eventually forced to order my right wing to retire, when, just as my order was being executed, the Fourth Kentucky Regiment, commanded by Colonel Fry, came up and took position on the left of my left wing and opened a deadly fire on the ranks of the enemy. I now rallied the right wing, the men, with the exception of those who had been detailed to carry off the dead and wounded, quickly taking their places in the line. Just at this moment a heavy force appeared to be advancing on the extreme left of the Fourth Kentucky Regiment, and a portion of Colonel McCook's brigade, which had arrived, engaging the enemy on my right, I was ordered by General Thomas to the extreme left of the Fourth Kentucky Regiment. I moved the regiment through the brush and over logs to the place designated, and, coming to a fence parallel with my line, we hotly engaged the enemy, and after a hard struggle of half an hour's duration drove him before us and put him to flight with great loss.

A part of my left wing still engaged on the right of the Fourth Kentucky against great odds being strongly opposed, I was again ordered by General Thomas to their support. I forthwith obeyed this command, and in doing so brought my right wing upon the identical ground it had been forced to abandon during the earlier part of the engagement. I then moved forward the whole right wing and two companies of the left, and soon got into a fierce contest with the enemy in front. The whole regiment, from right to left, was not warmly engaged, and slowly but surely driving the enemy before them, when I ordered a "charge bayonet," which was promptly executed along the whole line. We soon drove the enemy from his place of concealment in the woods into an open field 200 yards from where I ordered the charge. When we arrived at the fence in our front many of the enemy were found lingering in the corners, and were bayoneted by my men between the rails. I pressed onward, and soon beheld with satisfaction that the enemy were moving in retreat across the field, but I suddenly saw them halt in the southeast corner of the field on a piece of high ground, where they received considerable re-enforcements and made a last and desperate effort to repulse our troops. In the mean time the gallant Colonel McCook, with his invincible Ninth Ohio Regiment, came in to our support, and for twenty or thirty minutes a terrific struggle ensued between the two opposing forces. I never in all my military career saw a harder fight. Finally the enemy began to waver and give back before the shower of lead and glittering steel brought to bear on his shattered ranks, and he commenced a precipitate retreat under a storm of bullets from our advancing forces until his retreat became a perfect rout.

I ordered enough men left to attend to our dead and wounded, and receiving a new supply of cartridges (the most of our boxes being entirely empty), the men refilled their boxes, and, according to your order, I put the regiment in motion after the retreating enemy. Pursuing them the same evening a distance of 10 miles, we arrived near the enemy's fortifications at this place. The way by which the enemy had retreated gave evidence that they had been in haste to reach their den. Wagons, cannon, muskets, swords, blankets, &amp;c., were strewn all along the road from the battle-field to within a mile of this place, where I halted the

