
I have three other armed cavalry companies to go at an early day.

Can't your order General Walker to report at Corinth to General B.?

I am this morning in receipt of your favors of 21st and 22d, and delighted at all you have done.

Yours, most respectfully,

JNO. GILL SHORTER.

[Memorandums.*]

JACKSON, TENN., March 3, 1862.

1. Island Numbers 10 and New Madrid are fully prepared according to means and circumstances.

2. Brigadier-General Withers, with First, Second, and Twenty-first Alabama Regiments to go forthwith to Fort Pillow, with proper ammunition. About fifteen guns from Columbus are ordered to Fort Pillow, where twenty-two guns are already in position, said fifteen guns not probably provided with carriages, but platform are in position. The shell guns from Pensacola, complete, are also ordered to Fort Pillow; also one company of snappers and miners from New Orleans.

Troops from Island Numbers 10 and New Madrid to fall back, in case of necessity, to Fort Pillow; can be re-enforced by railroad from Humboldt to Memphis, and the military road from mason's Deport, 28 miles from Fort Pillow. (Other road best.)

3. The main body of General Polk's [army] is to be at Humboldt, which is central to Memphis, Jackson, Grand Junction, Henderson, Corinth, and Fort Pillow.

4. A rear guard of two regiments and 500 cavalry to be stationed at Union City.

5. A battalion of infantry to be stationed at Paris from Humboldt, with, say, 500 cavalry, which, together with the other cavalry, will guard all avenues of approach from the Tennessee to the Mississippi River, in front of Paris and Union City.

6. All of the above-named forces and positions to be under the command of Major-General Polk, and to be called the First Grand Division.

7. The balance of the cavalry, say 200 men, to report at these headquarters.

8. Two regiments of infantry, (Fourth Louisiana and Seventh Mississippi) at present here to remain, ready to move.

9. The balance of new troops from Louisiana and Mississippi or rendezvous at Grand Junction.

10. Ruggles' brigade, with troops from Alabama, to rendezvous at Henderson and Bethel Stations, with proper advance guards along Tennessee River.

13. Columbus and Grenada, Miss., to be grand depots of supplies of all kinds for this army.

14. All heavy baggage, &amp;c., to be sent to said depots forthwith.

15. One regiment of unarmed troops (except with lances)to be sent to Memphis, as a guard to that city.,

---------------

*Of General G. T. Beauregard.

---------------

