
regiment and the men slept on their arms in the open field. The men at this time were powder-besmeared, tired, and hungry, having h ad nothing to east since the previous night. On the following morning-the 20th instant-after our artillery had shelled the enemy's works, by your order I moved my regiment to his breastworks and into his deserted entrenchments, where I have since remained.

It may be interesting to state here that our regimental colors, which were those presented by the ladies of La Fayette and borne in triumph at the battle of Rich Mountain, were completely torn into shreds by the bullets of the enemy. I h ave had its scattered fragments gathered and intend preserving them. Three stands of rebel colors were captured by my regiment.

I cannot speak in terms of sufficient praise of the noble and gallant conduct of some of the officers of my regiment. They did their duty and fought like tried veterans. Major A. O. Miller was wherever duty called him, and in the thickest of the fight, cheering on the men. Actg. Adjt. W. E. Ludlow did his whole duty and rendered me valuable assistance during the day. Asst. Surg. C. S. Perkins and the Rev. Dr. Doughery, chaplain of the Tenth Regiment, rendered valuable service in their unremitting attention to the wounded. Quartermaster Oliver S. Rankin and Nelson B. Smith, of the same department, are entitled to great credit for the prompt manner in which they brought up and supplied the men with cartridges. Commissary Sergt. David B. Hart, our Rich Mountain guide in the three months' service, was present and in the line of his duty. Fife and Drum Majors Daniel and James Conklin shouldered muskets and fought valiantly during the early of the engagement, after which they were of great service in carrying off and attending to the wounded. Captains Hamilton, Boyl, J. F. Taylor, Carroll, and Gregory, and Captains M. B. Taylor, Perkins, and Shortle, the three young tigers, were through the entire battle where none but the brave and gallant go, and continually pressed forward with their men where the battle raged the hottest and the rebels were found most plenty. Captain Vanarsdall, of Company B, was present, and discharged his duty faithfully until after the right wing was drawn off. First Lieutenants Cobb, Goben, McAdams, Van Natta, Johnssen, McCoy, Bush, Boswell, Shumate, and Hunt deserve the highest praise for their brave and gallant conduct. Lieutenant McAdams fell while he was nobly leading on his men. Lieutenant Bush commanded Company G, and quite distinguished himself. Second Lieutenants Rodman, Colwell, Merritt, Lutz, Miller, Stall, Simpson, Scott, and Wilds fully merit all that can be said in their praise, as do all the non-commissioned officers and privates that were present during the engagement. Many individual acts of bravery might be mentioned, such as those of Orderly Sergeant Miller, of Company B, and my orderly, Abraham A. Carter, who took a gun and fought manfully during the intervals that his services were not required by me in dispatching orders. But nothing I can say will add to the well-merited laurels already on the brows of both officers and men of the Tenth Regiment of Indiana Volunteers.

My regiment lost in killed 11 men, in wounded 75, a complete list of whose names I herewith submit.*

Respectfully submitted.

W. C. KISE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Tenth Indiana Regiment.

Colonel M. D. MANSON,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Dept. of the Ohio.

---------------

*Embodied in report Numbers 2.

---------------

