
MOSCOW, March 4, 1862.

Major GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The railroad bridge and highway bridge across Obion Creek, and the railroad bridge and highway bridges across Bayou de Chien at this place, and the bridges south of town across Little Bayou de Chien are not destroyed.

HENDERSON,

Operator.

MOSCOW, March 4, 1862.

(Received Jackson, March 4, 1862.)

Major-General POLK:

General Cheatham has sent me four orders from you to establish a line, with relays of men every 5 miles, to Island 10; also a line to Union City and Hickman; also to send out officers to press in 500 negroes for work at Island 10; also to scout towards Columbus and Clinton. I have only 180 men under my command. The Federal cavalry, reported 1,000 strong, are within 6 miles of me, and I expect an attack to-night or in the morning.

Colonel Miller says his force has been divided, and those with him are not subject to my orders. It is impossible for me to execute all these orders in as prompt a manner as you desire and protect myself. Will you direct that Colonel Miller assist me? But in this event it will take our entire commands to meet the Federal cavalry if we are attacked.

Four gunboats passed down the river to-day. If you will let us go to Union City, the lines, &amp;c., can be established at once; or if you will let all the cavalry remain here, we will whip their cavalry.

Our rations are out, and there is no commissariat to draw from, as no cars run here.

T. H. LOGWOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

FORT PILLOW, March 4, 1862-1 a. m.

Major-General POLK:

Colonel Jordan has just left here on steamer H. D. Mears for Memphis. There are here two small artillery companies, perfectly green; no laborers or tools. All sent to Island Numbers 10. If we had some men could hold position some time. Have no one to mount guns except these two companies, but will do my best with them. No guns as yet. Only four guns on rear entrenchment. Mississippi within two feet of high-water marks.

MONTGOMERY LYNCH,

Captain, Engineers.

GENERAL ORDERS, JACKSON, TENN., Numbers 1. March 4, 1862.

Under the orders of the general commanding the Army of the Mississippi Valley Major-General Bragg resumes his former command of

