HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Lebanon, Ky., December 17, 1861.

Brigadier General BUELL,Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-Colonel Henderson, Thirty-third Indiana, reports to me that will be impossible for him to send the sick of his regiment to Camp Dick Robinson without taking the well men also to take care of them. He thinks by encamping the regiment int he neighborhood of Crab Orchard that the sick will be much better cared for there that if removed to Camp Robinson. He reports the arrival of three surgeons from Indiana to assist in the hospitals, and that the condition of the sick is much improved. He also reports that Colonel Coburn is at Lexington, very dangerously ill with typhoid fever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, Washington, D. C., December 29, 1861.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL, Louisville:

Johnson, Maynard, &amp;c., are again becoming frantic, and gave President Lincoln's sympathy excited. Political considerations would make it advisable to get the arms and troops into Eastern Tennessee ar a very early day; you are, however, the best judge. Can you tell me about when and in what force will be in Eastern Tennessee? Is Schoepf competent? Do you wish any promotions made from your colonels? Better get the Eastern Tennessee arms and clothing into position for distribution as soon as possible. I will write you fully as soon as I am well enough. Please answer by telegraph.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,Major-General, U. S. Army.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, January 1, 1862.

MY DEAR GENERAL HALLECK: General McClellan is not dangerously ill, as I hope, but would better not to be disturbed with business. I am very anxious that, in case of General Buell's moving toward Nashville, the enemy shall not be greatly re-enforced, and I think there is danger he will be from Columbus. It seems to me that a real or feigned attack upon Columbus from up-river at the same would either prevent this or compensate for it by throwing Columbus into our hands. I wrote General Buell a letters similar to this, meaning that he and you shall communicate and act in concert, uncles it be your judgment and his that there is no necessity fort it. You and he will understand much better than I now to do it. Please do not lose time in this matter.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Camp near Campbellsville, Ky., January 1, 1862.

Brigadier General D. C. BUELL,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: When I wrote you that I should start on Tuesday (yes-

