
the ground that it would be useless to state them in detail; besides, the circumstances may change in the mean time. We shall be dependent on the railroad, which must be repaired as we advance. It will take ten days or more to reach their position from Green River.

I am not unconscious of the magnitude of the work I propose, but it has to be done, and the sooner we can do it the better.

While you were sick, by direction of the President I proposed to Halleck some concert of action between us. He answered, "I can do nothing; name a day for a demonstration." Night before last I received a dispatch from him, saying, "I have ordered an advance on Fort Henry and Dover. It will be made immediately." I protest against such prompt proceedings, as thought I had nothing to do but command "Commence firing" when he starts off. However he telegraphs me tonight that co-operation is not essential now.

Truly, yours,

D. C. BUELL.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, February 1, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: General McClellan directs me to inclose you an extract from the report of a man sent South by him. The man has been in the general's employ for the past six or seven months, and he thinks the statement perfectly reliable as far as it goes.

The general has ordered the Chief of Ordnance to send the following arms to you immediately. He hopes to be able to send you at least 10,000 more very soon: One thousand and thirty-six Vincennes rifles, 750 short Enfield rifles with sword bayonets (without the bayonets these will answer for cavalry until other arms can be supplied), 1,500 revolvers, and 5,000 sabers. He will be glad to have you make a statement of what arms you require.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, D. C., January 31, 1862.

At Lynchburg, on the 9th January, six crowded cars, loaded with soldiers, were taken into the train, bound for Bowling Green. These were a part of Floyd's and Wise's commands from Western Virginia, under orders for Richmond, but order countermanded at Lynchburg.

During the day of the 10th, operative, being at Abingdon, Va., saw a part of Floyd's and Wise's commands (a cavalry regiment-about 700, including two pieces of artillery manned). These, too, were en route for Richmond from Western Virginia, but were ordered back to Western Virginia from Abingdon. The cavalry was armed principally with breech-loading rifles, made in Baltimore; also each with Colt's revolvers, navy size, and several with heavy, large shot-guns for buck-shot, each having saber; artillery, two 6-pounders, iron, one smooth, one rifled.

Question asked, "Why going back?" Answer. "To hold the Yankees in check in Western Virginia, as they were coming and destroying

