
&amp;c., have reached here to find the dead and see the wounded, but I have had to refuse passes to all, as they would fill all our steamers, eat our rations, and be of no service to the wounded. By some strange accident several of your telegraphs did not come into my hands till after I had telegraphed urgently to you to-day to know the disposition of the prisoners. All but 1,500 had then gone up the Mississippi, being nearly 10,000. Of the remaining, 1,000 went well guarded to-night and 500 will follow in the morning to Camp Douglas.

For want of steamer and guards I was compelled ot send officers as well as men, but had them separated, and have instructed he commanding officer at Camp Douglas to continue to keep them apart. The officers came down with pistols and side-arms, saying it was so agreed by General Grant. I have disarmed them, sending their swords and pistols to the commanding officer at Camp douglas, to be governed by your instructions in the matter. I have telegraphed ot Smithland if any more come down the Cumberland to send them up the Ohio to Jeffersonville, Ind., to go thence by railroad to Indianapolis. I have stopped all forces here, but the telegraph were broke before my order went to Smithland to send the troops form up the Ohio to Cairo. If the line is not repaired to-morrow I will send by steamer the order by authority of the Secretary of War. Buell telegraphed from Louisville yesterday to Smithland to General Nelson--

Stop your whole command at Smithland, and remain on your transports until further orders are received.

D. C. BUEL,

Brigadier-General.

I do not think it wise to supersede Paine in command; though he is somewhat of a politician, and not always discreet, he is energetic, full of zeal, has pluck, and knows localities. If Pope is put in command it will deeply mortify and exasperate Paine, who is burning for a brigade in the field. Six mortar boats are in the Cumberland, he others, as got ready, being retained here. The Navy has not yet received a man, and call upon us for everything. I want an engineer, as I have no time myself to give attention to details. If Colonel McPherson is sick, perhaps it will be best to send Thom,if you can spare him.

General Grant took everybody and thing with him, not leaving even a file of your orders, which I daily want for reference. Send one to me by Carpenter or any one coming down. There is some captured property floating about in steamers and I believe considerable tobacco. It could not be sold here; had I not therefore better send it to Saint Louis? I am completely fagged out, and being among the little hours of the morning, I must say good-night.

Yours, very truly,

G. W. CULLUM.

Cumberland Rolling Mills and Iron Foundery, which supplied all the plates for their gunboats and some of their shot and shells, was burned by the Saint Louis, and the proprietor is our prisoner. The foundery was 6 miles above Fort Donelson.

NASHVILLE, February 25, 1862.

General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Clarksville:

GENERAL: The landing of a portion of our troops, contrary to my in-

