
Numbers 8. Report of Colonel Horatio P. Van Cleve, Second Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp Hamilton, Ky., January 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit my report of the part taken by the Second Minnesota Regiment in the action of the Cumberland, on the 19th instant

About 7 o'clock on the morning of that day, and before breakfast, I was informed by Colonel Manson, of the Tenth Indiana, commanding the Second Brigade of our division, that the enemy were advancing in force and that he was holding them in check, and that it was the order of General Thomas that I should form my regiment and march immediately to the scene of action. Within ten minutes we had left our camp and were marching towards the enemy. Arriving at Logan's field, by your order we halted in line of battle, supporting Standart's battery, which was returning the fire of the enemy's guns, whose balls and shell were falling near us. As soon as the Ninth Ohio came up and had taken its position on our right we continued the march, and after proceeding about half a mile came upon the enemy, who were posted behind a fence along the road, beyond which was an open field broken by ravines. The enemy, opening upon us a galling fire, fought desperately, and a hand-to-hand fight ensued, which lasted about thirty minutes.

The enemy having met with so warm a reception in front and afterwards being flanked on their left by the Ninth Ohio and on their right by a portion of our left, who by their well-directed fire drove them from behind their hiding places, gave way, leaving a large number of their dead and wounded on the field. We joined in the pursuit, which continued till near sunset, when we arrived within a mile of their entrenchments, where we rested upon our arms during the night.

The next morning we marched into their works, which we found deserted. The enemy had crossed the Cumberland.

Six hundred of my regiment were in the engagement, 12 of whom were killed and 33 wounded.

I am well satisfied with the conduct of my entire command during the severe and close engagement in which they took part. Where all behaved so well, I have no desire to make individual distinction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Minnesota Volunteers.

Colonel ROBERT L. McCOOK,

Ninth Ohio, Commanding Third Brigadier, First Div., Dept. of the Ohio.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant George H. Harries, Adjutant Ninth Ohio Infantry.

CAMP HAMILTON,

Pulaski County, Ky., January 22, 1862.

SIR: The bugle called the Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers together on the morning of the 19th instant about 7 o'clock. Led by Acting Lieutenant-Colonel Kammerling, the regiment was marched out of camp to

