
colored men you can, who are fit for the service, to fill up your regiment. You will refrains as far as possible form molesting or interfering with citizens who are well disposed toward the U. S. Government and who are remaining quietly at their homes. Especially in the vicinity of Skipwith's Landing are many loyal people who are not to be disturbed and whose families and property you will protect.

The steam-boat Chenango will be at Hayne's Bluff shortly after your arrival to ferry you across the river. You will leave your quartermaster and a detail of men to load your stores, camp and garrison equipage, and transportation on board steam-boat here to be sent to Skipwith's Landing.

You will make the required returns and reports to these headquarters, and keep mae advised of everything important which may come to your knowledge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 9, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

Have seen dispatch from General Grant about your loss at Rogersville. Per contra, about the same time Averell and Duffie got considerable advantage of the enemy at and about Lewisburg, Va.; and on Saturday, the 7th, Meade drove the enemy from Rappahannock Station and Keely's Ford, capturing 8 battle-flags, 4 guns, and over 1,800 prisoners, with very little loss to himself. Let me hear from you.

A. LINCOLN.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I can send 1,200 picked men and a few pieces of artillery by way of Franklin, N. C., Clayton, Clarksville, and Athens, Ga., and strike the railroad east of Atlanta. This is as large a force as seemed to me advisable to send through the mountains. If you desire in increased to 2,000, we can possibly do it.

E. A. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Rockford, November 9, 1863.

[Maj. General JOHN G. PARKE:]

GENERAL: I inclose the report* of one of my citizen scouts.

I think, if the general commanding approves, that I could take 1,000 or 1,200 of the best mounted men of my command, provided the rebels remain as they are for a day or two, and across the Little Tennessee near Chilhowee Mountains, move down the river, capture their pickets, or follow them into their camp, and I think, capture a

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

