
large number and scatter the rest. I think it worth your consideration. If you think necessary a party of infantry could be sent across from Lenoir's to opposite there.

I also inclose a note* from Colonel Adams. If he finds the Indians are at the cove, and you do not like the other plan, I will send him after them.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 9, 1863.

General SANDERS:

GENERAL: You are authorized to employ as many citizens scouts as you desire-reliable men. By this means you may be able to keep he North Carolina road well watched. This should be done now by all means. The infantry at Sweet Water are represented as being ready to move, whether to Chattanooga or to turn our left is the question. You will lose no time in procuring thorough information, and are not limited as the expense.

Yours,&amp;c.,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 9, 1863-4 p.m.

General SANDERS:

The following from General Potter:

It is reported the enemy crossed the Little Tennessee yesterday and to-day in considerable force-stated as high as 10,000-at McGhee's Ferry and near Morganton. Some portion of them were in the vicinity of Louisville this morning.

Yours,&c.,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 9, 1863-8.30 p.m.

(Received 3.10 a.m., 10th.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON:

Under the necessity of the case I have made the order below, and telegraphed the officers. I request that it be distributed, and that Major Easton be designated by the President as chief quartermaster Army of the Cumberland, with the rank of

lieutenant-colonel, in place of Hodges, assigned to duty at Fort Leavenworth as depot quartermaster.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. QUARTERMASTER'S DEPT.

No.-. Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

First. Byt. Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Donaldson, quartermaster, is announced as senior and supervising quartermaster of the Department

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

