
of the Cumberland. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly. His headquarters will be at Nashvile, and to him all reports required to be made to the supervising quartermaster by general orders will be made. He will have general control of the permanent depots of the department, and will provide for their necessary supplies. He will make monthly estimates for funds upon the office of the Quartermaster-General at Washington.

Second. The chief quartermaster of the Army of the Cumberland in the field will call upon him for supplies of money and material, and will transmit the usual monthly reports to his office, to be forwarded to the Quartermaster-General's Office at Washington.

Third. Lieutenant Colonel Henry C. Hodges is assigned to duty as depot quartermaster at Fort Leavenworth, Kans. He will turn over to Lieutenant-Colonel Donaldson the public funds in his hands, and will proceed without delay to that post and enter upon his duties.

Fourth. Maj. Langdon C. Easton, quartermaster U. S. Army, is assigned to duty as acting chief quartermaster of the Army of the Cumberland in the field. He will immediately turn over his public Fort Leavernworth, who will act until relieved by Lieutenant-Colonel Hodges.

Major Easton will repair without delay to the headquarters of the Army of the Cumberland, and report for duty to Major-General Thomas, commanding.

By order:

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WASHIGTON, November 10, 1863-2.45 p.m.

Major-General GRANT:

At your request General J. M. Palmer was appointed to the command of the Fourteenth Army Corps.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, November 10, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

No convoy has yet reported. Stockdale telegraphs from Clarkswille that gun-boats passed there yesterday noon. He is still in pursuit of them, and will continue until he obtains some definite information. Of course you do not want the boats to go without a convoy.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SMITHLAND, November 10, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have conferred with Captain Fitch, commanding gun-boats flotilla on the Cumberland River, and he will not send the boats without orders from Admiral Porter, to whom he has telegraphed and

