
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 267. Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 10, 1863.

Byt. Lieutenant Colonel James L. Donaldson, quartermaster U. S. Army, having been ordered to Nashville by the Quartermaster-General, is announced as senior and supervising quartermaster of this department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Maj. Gen. George H. Thomas:

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 301. Chattanooga, Tennessee, Nov.10, 1863.

* * * * *

IV. Maj. Gen. L. H. Rousseau, U. S. Volunteers,is assigned to the command of the District of Nashville, including the defenses of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad to the Kentucky line, the Northwestern Railroad from Nashville to the Kentucky River, Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to Duck River, the Nashville, and Decatur Railroad to Columbia, and the posts of McMinnville, Clarksville, Fort Donelson, and Nashville; headquarters of the district at Nasvhille.

V. The defenses of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad from Duck River to Bridgeport will be under the command of Major General Slocum, as long as a portion of the Twelfth Army Corps is retained on that road; headquarters at Tullahoma.

* * * * *

VIII. The following reorganization of the Second Division, Cavalry command, is announced:

The First Brigade will be commanded by Colonel W. W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, and will be composed of: Seventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Fourth U. S. Cavalry, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, Third Indiana Cavalry Battalion.

The Second Brigade will be commanded by Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, and will consist of: First Ohio Cavalry, Third Ohio Cavalry, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, Tenth Ohio Cavalry, Second Kentucky Cavalry.

The Third Brigade will be commanded by Colonel J. T. Wilder, Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, and will consist of: Seventeenth Indiana Volunteers, Seventy-second Indiana Volunteers, Ninety-eighth Illinois Voluntters, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers.

The commanding officers of the several regiments enumerated will report to their respective brigade commanders herein designated. The brigade commanders will report to Brig. General G. Crook, U. S. Volunteers, commanding division.

IX. The Fifth Tennessee Cavalry will proceed without delay to Nashville, Tennessee, to reorganize and complete its muster.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

