
country from Kingsport to Rogersville is fertile and abundantly supplied with forage, wheat, and flouring-mills. The position at Kingsport is a very strong one. As the distance from Holston River to Clinch Mountain is 5 miles, it is a front that can be held against a superior force, and protects all the country west of it as far as Rogersville. Flank movements in force are almost impracticable on the part of the enemy.

He gives it as his opinion that if Rogersville is to be held the force should be posted at Kingsport. He thinks there is forage to supply 2,000 cavalry for four months in the Holston, Carter, and Stanley Valleys. He is not able to report fully the amount of wheat in the country. He also says that he sent out on the Reedy Creek road far enough to ascertain that the rebels that had been there were composed of Carter's and Slemp's commands-from 500 to 700-but that they had moved to Blountsville two days before just as they were professing to be about to move down the Rogersville road. The road between Pattonville and War Gap is an exceedingly difficult one.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

HENDERSON, November 1, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

It is reported by citizens that the rebel General Williams has gone around on the Poor Valley road for the purpose of cutting off the trains from Cumberland Gap to Knoxville. Take all the movements of the enemy and the statements of citizens and I am inclined to believe the report is true.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, November 1, 1863. [Received 11 p.m., 4th.]

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

General Sherman has received his boats at Eastport, and will finish crossing to-morrow. General Dodge follows him close up, and will be at Waterloo by Tuesday night or Wednesday. General Sherman directs the Vicksburg division [Tuttle's] ordered by General Grant to be sent by steam-boat to Waterloo. The enemy's cavalry are concentrating again on the Tallahatchie, and they talk of being supported by a brigade of infantry. Forces from Steele are not yet reported, nor do I expect them for ten days. Guerrillas are again troublesome on the river.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

Maj. Gen. J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: You will ere this have received orders for Tuttle's division to move up. I have just heard from General Sherman at

