HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 10, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General PARKE,Chief of Staff, Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. I do not credit the report of the 10,000 crossing, as I sent a citizen scout, Colharm, down in that direction yesterday evening and would have heard of it are now. Colonel Adams sent a scouting party to Unitia early this morning; we have some men at Louisville who would have heard it, and there are Union citizens who would have been in to get out of the way. I have, however, started a scouting party from here by the way of Louisville and will notify Colonel Adams of the report.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

BULL'S GAP, November 10, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

I have heard from both Colonel Foster's scouts and those sent from Ninth Michigan to Warrensburg. The enemy are represented from 75 to 100 strong. They have abandoned their stock and recrossed the Chucky River; moved toward either Paint Rock or Greenville. Captain McBride, Ninth Michigan, has gone toward Newport in order to ascertain the truth of the rumor mentioned in your dispatch, leaving the stock to be driven in by Smith's (North Carolina) cavalry regiment.

The report of the rebels at Greeneville I think reliable. A citizen met one of our foraging parties this p.m. some 6 miles out toward Rogersville on a cross-road toward Snap's Ferry road, and said that the rebels were in Greeneville in great force on Snap's Ferry road and Rogersville. I doubt the report. My scouting party on the Snap's Ferry road has not yet come in, nor a party sent to Rogersville to-day for some men wounded in the last fight. I will telegraph you later. I am in very great need of a commissary. Will you please send me First Lieutenant James P. Gregg, of one of the Pennsylvania regiments?

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 75. November 10, 1863.

I. R. A. Crawford, of Greenville, Greene County, Tennessee, is hereby appointed chief of secret police in East Tennessee. He is fully empowered to employ under his command and order as many men as he may deem necessary for said service, and at such pay as their service may be worth in his estimation.

He is empowered to make requisitions for clothing,horses, equipments, arms, and ammunition, as well as all other necessaries that said service may require, and the same shall be furnished accordingly.

