
He is fully empowered to arrest and hold for examination all persons who may in anywise be in complicity with the enemy, or any person or persons suspected guilty of treasonable or disloyal conduct toward the Government and laws of the United States; also to seize from all such persons such property as he may deem necessary for the good of the service.

He is fully empowered and strictly enjoined, with the men subject to his order and command, to closely watch the movements of the enemy, and to immediately report the same to these headquarters, and to use every available means in his power to prevent any surprise of our forces by the enemy.

He is fully empowered to employ and send agents into the lines of the enemy for the purpose of finding out the strength, movements, and designs of the enemy, and to report the same to these headquarters.

He is artillery to make his headquarters at such points as may be, in his judgment, most advantageous to said service, and to give orders upon the Government for such supplies as may be needed, and the same shall be paid.

All requisitions for money for any purpose necessary for this service must be made to the major-general commanding this department.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 10, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I learn that by the way of New Market and Maysville you will avoid the heavy mountains and find abundance of forage. If a part of your command is now at Winchester, and a part back, that portion behind had better be turned on the New Market route.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 10, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,President United States, Washigton, D. C.:

If I am not mistaken in the tenor of your letter to me, you suppose I have the honor some command in Arkansas; this is not the fact. The infantry, although taken from my corps, are under orders of Major-General Schofield; the cavalry was his before. I have no military authority over Arkansas. There is no difficulty in bringing Arkansas into the Union with slavery abolished, if it is desired.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

