
CHATTANOOGA, November 11, 1863.

Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

You are right in sending Stockdale until convoys are obtained. If gun-boats do not accompany our transports, there will be no use in sending them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

U. S. STEMER MOOSE, Smithland, November 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Military Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th instant. Two gun-boats will be dispatch immediately to comply with the request. I am sorry I did not know this sooner as I was within a few miles of Nashville the other day, and could have sent two boats right up had I known it was the desire to send supplies above.

Please communicate with me direct in regard to the assistance you may require from the gun-boats on the Chumberland or Ohio River. Then I will know exactly what to do; besides it saves a great deal of time. Having sent the first request to the admiral, I knew nothing of it, there being at the time neither main nor telegraphic communication between us; as it was I was compelled to send to Cairo to know the admiral's wishes, whereas, had the first application for convoy been made to me direct, I could have given the convoy at once. Will you please let the gun-boats belonging to the army meet the convoys from below at Harpeth Shoals, as I will, after sending two boats above, have one left for a time to convoy from here up. Soon, however, I will have more as I have ordered all the boats out of the Ohio to join me here. Please make known your wishes to me, and if it is in my power I will with all my heart comply with them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LE ROY FITCH,

Comdg. Cumberland and Ohio Divs. of Gun-boats, Miss. Squadron.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 5. In the Field, Chattanooga, Nov.11, 1863.

Brig. General W. S. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is announced as chief of cavalry for the Military Division of the Mississippi, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

* * * * *

By order of Maj. Gen. U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 11, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Army of the Cumberland:

The Second Division of the Twelfth Corps has been anxiously awaiting the arrival of its trains ever since it reached this valley,

