
me at Stevenson or Jasper? My men and horses are in fine order. Unless otherwise ordered I will move to-morrow for Stevenson.

Answer.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 11, 1863.

Maj. General W. T. SHERMAN,

Winchester:

Come on to Stevenson and Bridgeport with your four divisions. I want your command to aid in a movement to force the enemy back from their present position, and to make Burnside secure in his. After that we will determine what is next to be done. Horseshoes were ordered to Winchester for you, and rations to Fayetteville. Did you get them?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, November 11, 1863-6 p.m.

Major-General GRANT:

Two divisions here. Have heard from Blair, and the has turned the other two round by New Market and Maysville. The provision train went to Fayetteville yesterday. As we were marching this way it has returned, and we can get them to-night. I have not yet heard of the horseshoes. I move to-morrow - brigades two hours apart - and expect to be in the mountain to-morrow night and next day on Battle Creek. Will come out above Hooker's bridge and move to it. Blair's two divisions got no rations, but they are old soldiers and have plundered so much on the road that I have no doubt their wagons contain plenty to last them till they reach Bridgeport.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pulaski, Tennessee, November 11, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of November 9, inclosing General Grant's dispatch of November 7.

My advance is 8 miles east of here, my rear 3 miles west. There are in this section of country some 1,000 rebel cavalry, guerrillas, robbers,&amp;c., and the moment they see we intend to repair this railroad they will begin to burn. I therefore, under yours orders, shall take immediate measures to guard that portion from Lynnville to Athens, and the entire road as it now stands, as follows: Placing my largest brigade at Prospect, with one regiment of mounted infantry

