
Waterloo. He directs that the division come by boats up the Tennessee to disembark opposite Eastport. I inclose copy of the order.

If it be possible for you to do so, it is of vital importance to me that you threaten the enemy's line at and about Canton. Your last movement relieved me of an attack in heavy force. I have sent nearly every available man of my infantry force east of Memphis with Sherman. Eighteen regiments of infantry have gone, which leaves me very weak. I cannot expect any part of Steele's force for ten days, and expect to lose the line of the railroad before that time. If he sends me a division I shall be strong enough. If you can keep their infantry busy below, I will look after the cavalry.

The truth is, the enormous concentration of our forces at and near Chattanooga exposes the Mississippi River commands exceedingly, and for the next ten or twenty-days we may expect trouble along this river.

I have about 4,500 cavalry, which I keep in motion all the time, and hope to be advised in time to prevent serious disasters.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

WATERLOO, October 31, 1863-p.m.

Maj. Gen. S. A. HURLBUT, Memphis:

General Grant telegraphs me that he has ordered other re-enforcements from below. Send all troops destined to co-operate with me that are afloat, to come up the Tennessee River to disembark opposite Eastport and follow. There is 8 feet water in the river and plenty of stores at Eastport. All were now, the ferry-boat and three boats having arrived.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, November 1, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I am informed that the Sixth and Seventh West Tennessee Cavalry move to-morrow. Would it not be well to hold them there until I get some of the rolling-stock back to Memphis, or until I cut loose at Iuka, so that I can have communication with you until the last moment? I don't think, if a show is kept up by our cavalry in active scouting, that the enemy will try us for several days. But if we leave such long gaps the guerrillas will do the damage.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

Brig. General G. M. DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

Before leaving Iuka, and as soon as your supplies are out to that point, secure all the engines and materials by sending them back to Corinth. You must keep a very strong rear guard in moving down

