
their products to us. Nothing must be destroyed or wasted. All the surplus stock in your brigade will be seized, turned over to quartermaster, and used to mount infantry; all surplus teams, oxen, and buggies, and everything not pertaining properly to the command, will be treated in same way.

By order of Brig. General G. N. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pulaski, Tennessee, November 11, 1863.

Colonel J. FULLER,Commanding Brigade:

You will move with your brigade to Prospect, on the Nashville and Decatur road, some 12 or 15 miles south of this place, and go into camp. You will have to make such disposition of your troops as to guard the railroad from Elk River to Athens, and set heavy details to work immediately repairing that portion burnt and destroyed, especially Elk River bridge. Your division train will be unloaded, and sent here to go to Columbia for supplies. In the mean time any mills in your neighborhood you will seize and set to running. If loyal men will bring into your camp the produce and forage of the country, your quartermaster will give vouchers. When they go after it, receipts only will be given.

All destruction of property must be prohibited and every exertion made to live off of the country; everything to be taken by proper officers, and proper receipts given-you understand this. It will be my endeavor to induce people to bring their products to us, and to do so we must hold out inducements to loyal men; rebels we must take from. One regiment of mounted infantry will be sent to Athens to watch the front, and you will send back the companies of the Eighteenth Missouri with you. If possible, get stock and mount a company or two of infantry for temporary purposes. General Sherman informs me that I shall not be left long, and that my troops are not to guard railroads-this being merely a temporary step until other troops from Department of the Cumberland can relieve me. I will be down and see you as soon as possible; in the mean time send me full report of condition of railroad, and push the repairs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, November 11, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have report from scout that Falkner, with about 1,000 men, was at Camden, 8 miles west of Purdy, moving south, to-day at 1 o'clock.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

