
You will endeavor to supply all deficiencies in arms, equipments, and horses at the earliest moment and hold the cavalry always ready from active service. As far as practicable horses should be obtained in the country traversed by the cavalry. When taken from loyal owners vouchers should be given payable at once; where taken from persons whose status is not known vouchers should be given (not transferable) payable on proof of loyalty, and where taken from persons of known disloyalty, simple receipts only will be given. These should show the standing of the parties from whom stock is taken. The object in giving at all in the latter case is that there may be a system of accountability for all property taken, and that the Government may get the benefit of it. Department commanders will locate the cavalry of their respective commands, but general directions for foraging, disciplining,&amp;c., may be given by the chief of cavalry. When an enemy makes his appearance, in any way threatening our lines of communication, cavalry commanders should never wait orders to pursue, but should start at once, simply reporting what they are doing.

When the appearance of the enemy is in such numbers and in such directions as to bring cavalry of two or more armies in the pursuit, the military division chief of cavalry should, when practicable, take command in person.

Further instructions will be given in orders or otherwise from these headquarters as the necessities of the service may suggest.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 12, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Captain Stockdale has just returned from Cairo, where he had an interview with Admiral Porter. Two gun-boats are on the way, and will arrive here to-morrow.

Porter received your dispatch and directed Captain Fitch to send the boats at once, but the latter did not receive the order.

He told Stockdale that he has directed Fitch to furnish you all the gun-boats you require from time to time without waiting to consult him.

Fitch writes that the will hereafter afford you prompt co-operation.

The river is doubtless too low, but will be up again in a few days.

I will send the Newsboy up in the morning to ascertain particulars.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,

No. 6. In Field, Chattanooga, Tennessee, Nov.12, 1863.

Brig. Gen. W. F. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, and major of Engineers, U. S. Army, is announced as chief engineer of the Military Division of the Mississippi, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Maj. Gen. U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

