HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 12, 1863.

Maj. Gen. JOSEPH HOOKER,Comdg. Eleventh and Twelfth Corps, Lookout Valley:

The major-general commanding directs me, in reply to your communication of the 9th instant, to say that the order suspending the movement of trains up the south side of the river only applied to those en route to Chattanooga, and only remained in force twenty-four hours. There is nothing now to prevent trains coming that way. He further directs me to inform you that General Curft's division is not considered a part of your command.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Bridgeport, November 12, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Maj. J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Nothing of interest has transpired to-day. Lieutenant Skinner, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry, has just returned from a mounted reconnaissance of the country on the front of the division. He found appearances of a small cavalry picket in the neighborhood of Warren's Mill. The reconnaissance was pushed on through White Oak Gap to the suburbs of Trenton, but he found no enemy either at that place or in its vicinity. From the bluff on the west overlooking Trenton he had a good view of the valley for several miles about and could perceive no indications of any camps. He had information from rebel citizens that there was a force of the enemy at Easley's farm, some 6 or 8 miles beyond Trenton up the valley. Concurrent reports agree in fixing, say three regiments of cavalry and from a regiment to a brigade of infantry, at or near the position last named. It is practicable that the report of forces at the Iron-Works Easley's farm, and Johnston's Crook, all refer to the same force which is lying somewhere in the crook, covering the pass onto Lookout Mountain. It is also probable that this force is not large. From this point it seems occasional scouting parties work up to Trenton, Warren's Mill, Cole's Academy, Hawkins' Station, and on the left to Caperton's Ferry and the intermediate crossings between that and Island Creek.

About 160 bushels of coal were delivered to-day at Shellmound for the use of the steamers. Arrangements have been made to start the Alpine mines. It will take three or four days to get the rubbish cleared away and the miners at work, after which 200 bushels per day can be placed at Shellmound, it is thought, within the price suggested by General Meigs. I inclose daily reports from General Whitaker and Colonel Grose. The troops of the command are getting the work well along, and are becoming more comfortably situated in their camps.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

