
up about four car-loads of troops every day last week, which they said were Longstreet's men, to re-enforce Bragg's right against Burnside. She also reports some troops coming back from the right wing to the front. There are now at Tyner's Depot about four regiments of infantry. These, together with about 100 at Chickamauga Depot and about 800 cavalry, are all the troops now between Chickamauga Creek and Hiwassee River, 35 miles distant. The rebels keep no stores our supplies in the depots either on the Georgia State road or the Cleveland and Chattanooga road. This is reported by Mr. Pearson, a good Union man. He says he was at Ringgold on Tuesday last, and that from all he could learn, Bragg had re-enforced his left pretty strongly, and that his force in front was not near as heavy as it has been; and also that they all lie on the south side of the Chickamauga Creek and out toward the old battle-ground; and that their roads are very muddy and cut up. Summing the whole up, that they will retreat on the first move made at them. I am of the opinion if our army was to make a move on the left and cross the river between Chickamauga and Hiwassee Rivers, that it would cut off Bragg's right and compel him to retreat from the front of Chattanooga, which would also force them to vacate the Lookout Mountain and clear up the river and railroads to Chattanooga and through all East Tennessee. I will b eon the other side of the river in a few day again and reported all I may find out.

Yours, respectfully,

A. G. W. PUCKETT.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, November 13, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

J. G. PARKHURST,Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 269. Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

Brig. General William D. Whipple, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to the general commanding in obedience to orders from the Secretary of War,is announced as senior and supervising officer of the

adjutant-general's department in this army, and will be obeyed and respect accordingly.

By command of Maj. Gen. George H. Thomas:

G. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 303. Chattanooga, Tennessee, Nov.12, 1863.

* * * * *

VIII. Maj. Gen. D. S. Stanley, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from further duty with the cavalry, and is assigned to the command of the First Division, Fourth Army Corps. Headquarters at Shellmound.

