
KNOXVILLE, November 12, 1863.

We now hold as far east as Bull's Gap, scouting to Greeneville and to the south of that place. We picket the Tennessee River from Washington to Kingston. The main force is stationed from Kingston to Knoxville. We occupy all the country south of the Holston, scouting the line of the Little Tennessee. The command is in good health and spirits; very short of clothing and on quarter-rations of everything but meat and bread. By running the mill in our possession we keep five days' supply of flour on hand and have plenty of beef-cattle. We captured na abundant supply of salt. Forage is becoming scarce. Unless our forces succeed in getting the railroad from Bridgeport to this place, we will probably suffer very much during the winter, even if we are to keep possession of the country. We are threatened by a considerable force of the enemy on each flank, but I have no serious apprehension of immediate trouble. This is certainly not the proper time to evacuate the country. It is reported that Longstreet's force is between Sweet Water and Loudon, but it is not well authenticated. Grant will probably make movements to draw back any heavy force threatening us from that direction. We may be annoyed by cavalry raids.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Rockford, November 12, 1863-8 a.m.

[Maj. Gen. JOHN G. PARKE,Chief of Staff:]

GENERAL: All quiet in the front. I think I can make the movement across Little Tennessee River pay, and I cam quite certain that I will not meet with any serious disaster. If forced to do so, I can recross at the same place I go over; but I expect to do more and be able to cross at Motley's Island ford. I will leave here about 3 p.m., and you will hear from me to-morrow by 12 m., I think.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 12, 1863.

[Maj. Gen. JOHN G. PARKE,Chief of Staff:]

Just as the courier was starting Captain Harrison, commanding Twelfth Kentucky, at Maryville reports his pickets are attacked and his scouts sent out this morning had not got in. I will let you know more as soon as I can ascertain the facts. We are ready here if Captain H. has to fall back. I think it only a small party.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, November 12, 1863.

[Maj. Gen. JOHN G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff:]

GENERAL: All the scouts have com in, and the man reported captured also. The scouts went to within 1 1/2 miles of the river

