
to the river and secure your crossing by batteries on the other side. Boats are there now, and you will have no trouble in getting over. Push in the sick as fast as possible to Memphis. Our road will not last three days after you leave.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, MISS., November 1, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I shall leave one regiment and two pieces of artillery at Eastport, by orders of General Sherman. I believe it is to rejoin me when we abandon that place. I shall commence crossing Monday and will take all the precaution you suggest. Five or six hundred convalescents are now on train going to Memphis, belonging to Fifteenth Corps. To-morrow one train-load of sick from same corps will go to Memphis. I will not leave anything behind for the rebels to goble. Will see that it is all cleaned up.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, November 1, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Scouts in from north of Tennessee River say that Faulkner, Newsom, three companies of Wilson's command, and Harding's, Rawsom's, and Irvin's companies have orders to concentrate immediately, cross the railroad between here and Memphis, and join Chalmers. The boys took some prisoners, who confirm the report.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General DODGE, Corinth, Miss.:

The attack on Quinn's Mill is over, but Chalmers may be expected on the line within thirty-six hours. The bands from the north will probably cross near Saulsbury, and must be watched from La Grange and Corinth. Mizner should concentrate rapidly at La Grange, and be ready to act on either side. Hold the Tennessee regiments at La Grange. The Seventh Illinois will be supported from here.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

[Copy to General Stevenson.]

HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

Colonel MIZNER, Corinth, Miss.:

The pickets at Quinn's Mill are reported attacked. I am reliably informed that Chalmers is gathering to move on the road, probably

