
MEMPHIS, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

Floyd's party, about 35 men, propose to strike at our line and perhaps our cavalry pickets along between this place and White's Station. Thence he will probably run north toward the Raleigh bridge. Let the men be on their guard, and send a full company by daylight toward Raleigh. They are reported to have our overcoats.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING., 16TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 67. Pulaski, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

The Federal army being now in possession of that portion of Tennessee and Alabama from Columbia to Decatur, and no Confederate force occupying any portion of Middle Tennessee, the following policy be pursued by my command:

First. Citizens who have a surplus of corn, wheat, fodder, cattle, and hogs, by bringing it to the different posts along the railroad from Columbia to Decatur, in sufficient quantities to supply the command, will receive vouchers upon which they can obtain money. Unless this is done, foraging trains will necessarily be sent out, and what we need be taken and certificates only given.

Second. As long as people maintain quiet in the country, put down guerrillas and robbers, they will be protected,their produce paid for, and treated in all respects as loyal citizens. Otherwise they will be levied upon to support the army and treated as enemies.

Third. The citizens living along the railroad and telegraph-lines will be held responsible for any damage done to either by any but regular Confederate troops. When damaged in any way, the citizens living nearest that point will be assessed to the full amount of damage done.

Fourth. Citizens in the adjoining counties are invited to take such measures as they see proper to comply with this order, and every assistance and encouragement will be given them by the commanders at the different posts.

By order of Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 281. Memphis, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

I. Brig. Gen. James M. Tuttle, having reported at these headquarters with his division, will at once send forward the brigade commanded by Brigadier-General Mower, by railroad, to La Grange, Tennessee The headquarters of the brigade will be temporarily established at La Grange, Tennessee, covering Grand Junction and Saulsbury with one regiment.

* * * * *

V. Captain O. H. Howard, chief signal officer, Department of the Tennessee, having distributed his officers and men equally among the several army corps of the department, in pursuance of Special

