
Orders, No. 2, paragraph 2, Government transportation from Memphis, Tennessee, will be furnished by Captain J. V. Lewis, assistant quartermaster, master of transportation, upon the requisition of Captain Isaac J. Harvey, commanding detachment, for such officers, men, and equipments of the signal corps as are ordered to report to the headquarters of Fifteenth Army Corps.

* * * * *

VII. Brig. Gen. J. M. Tuttle will occupy the railroad from Memphis to and including Pocahontas and Chewalla with his division, except the post of Moscow, which will be held as at present garrisoned.

Buckland's brigade will remain in reserve near Memphis, one regiment occupying Germantown and Collierville, regimental headquarters at Collierville; the other three regiments near the city on Wolf River.

Mower's brigade will establish headquarters at La Grange, holding General Grand Junction and Saulsbury.

Geddes' brigade will hold Middleton, Pocahontas, and Chewalla, headquarters at Pocahontas.

2. The headquarters of the division will be at La Grange.

3. The troops under Brigadier-General Stevenson's command (except the Second Tennessee Infantry, African descent, Colonel Kendrick commanding, at Moscow) will be concentrated on Corinth.

4. The First and Second Brigades of Cavalry will, as heretofore, cover the road from Corinth to La Grange, reporting to headquarters Cavalry Division to be assigned posts by Brig. General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry.

The Third Brigade Cavalry, Colonel Hatch, will cover the road from Memphis to and including La Grange.

5. It is expected that General Tuttle's command will be moved into position as rapidly as possible.

By order of Maj. Gen. S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., November 12, 1863.

Brig. General M. M. CROCKER,Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: Reports from the front state that nearly the whole force of rebel cavalry (consisting of Logan's, Cosby's, and Wirt Adams' brigades), which has recently been located between the Big Black and Pearl River, are moving in a southerly direction, through Raymond, possibly with a view of making a dash at Natchez, or of continuing their course south into Wilkinson and adjoining counties, to obtain supplies and destroy the property of loyal people in that section.

You will therefore return to Natchez and suspend the movement up to this point of the Third Brigade until the movements and plans of the enemy can be developed. You will exercise your discretion about moving out from Natchez, and will retain boats enough at your disposal to transport a brigade.

In case the enemy move down into Wilkinson Country, you can, in

