
case your judgment sanctions, embark such portion of your command as may be sufficient, and proceed to Fort Adams and thence to Woodville, or any other point which will best frustrate the designs of the enemy.

On your return to Natchez you will report for further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, November 13, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I am at a loss to know what the requirements are in the Tennessee River, having no advices. Shall I continue to forward supplies to Eastport?

What is the strength in men and animals dependent upon Hamburg Landing?

ROBERT ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

CHATTANOOGA, November 13, 1863.

Brig. Gen. ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

I do not know what force Sherman, who now commands the Department of the Tennessee, left at Corinth. I think there are no forces to be supplied from Eastport.

Hurlbut telegraphed me that there were plenty of provisions at Corinth for the present, but no forage.

Sherman will be through to Stevenson to-morrow, and I will instruct him then to telegraph you just what will be required.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tennessee, November 13, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tennessee:

COLONEL: In pursuance of instructions from you to proceed down the Cumberland River as bearer of a communication to the commanding officer of a fleet of gun-boats, supposed to be lying between this place and Clarksville, Tennessee, and to confer with said officer, with a view to procuring a convoy to a fleet of transports to dead with commissary stores at this place, and under orders to proceed up the Cumberland River, I have the honor to report that on the 9th instant, at 4.30 o'clock p.m., I went on board of the army bun-boat Newsboy, which was placed subject to my order, and moved down the Cumberland River without having seen or heard of the gunboats.

I arrived at Clarksville at 11 o'clock p.m. of the same day. Here I learned that the gun-boats had passed down about 8 o'clock that

