
had started up the river the day before, and communication to yourself.

At 2 o'clock p.m. I moved up the Cumberland River again, and at 4 o'clock the next morning, 12th instant, overhauled the gun-boats 12 miles above Fort Donelson, delivered the dispatch to Captain Glassford, and was assured by him that he would report the

gun-boats to you at Nashville on the following morning. I then proceeded up the river again, touched at Clarksville at 10 o'clock a.m., relieved the pilot I had taken from the army gun-boat Hagan, and arrived at Nashville at 9 o'clock p.m. of the same day.

It is due to Admiral Porter to add that I saw at Smithland, Ky., a copy of a dispatch from him, dated November 9, 1863, directing Captain Fitch to report two gun-boats to the commanding officer at Nashville without delay.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. STOCKDALE,

Captain 103rd Illinois Infty. and Asst. Pro. Mar. Gen.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 13, 1863-10 p.m.

Brigadier-General GEARY,Commanding Division:

I am directed by the major-general commanding to send for your information the following copy of dispatch of this date (9 p.m.) just received from Major-General Howard:

Deserters report six or eight pieces of artillery moved onto Lookout Mountain this a.m., as they say, for the purpose of shelling the pontoon bridge. One of them asserts that he heard an officer say that they were going to shell the troops out of their camps. Walthall's brigade, about 1,100 strong, moved onto the mountain some days ago, and one of the deserters the brigade moving or preparing to move when he passed. The officer of the day of the corps reports that a brigade has been seen moving to the foot of the mountain to relieve the pickets, as the thinks; the movements of the brigade was seen by other officers also this p.m. at 2 o'clock. Sentinels of the enemy picket-line have told our pickets that they were coming over to-night with friends. The utmost vigilance on the picket-line has been ordered, and the line has been strengthened. The troops have also been ordered under arms at daylight to-morrow.

Very respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS, Tullahoma, November 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General KNIPE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The movement of General Sherman's corps will undoubtedly be followed by rebel demonstrations against the railroad. I fear you have taken no steps to prepare defensive works for your several posts. The earth-work at Dechered should be at once so enlarged that it might hold the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania in case it should be threatened by a very superior force, and the stockade near the tank well banked up, and casks of water placed in both works. The same

