
CINCINNATI, November 13, 1863.

(Received 11 p.m.)

His Excellency the President:

Will you permit me to publish a certified copy of my official report of the battle of Chickamauga; also those of Generals Thomas, McCook, Crittenden, and Grenger? It is an act of justice I solicit from one in whose justice I confide.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 13, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga:

It is reported by General White, who occupies the heights opposite Loudon, that the enemy are placing guns in position this evening in the works on the south side of the river.

I am satisfied that Longstreet is on that side with his corps, and probably with a considerable portion of Wheeler's cavalry, and intends to cross either the Big or Little Tennessee.

In either case, I think it would be advisable to concentrate the forces in East Tennessee and risk a battle. If we concentrate in the neighborhood of Loudon, the enemy will have the advantage of being able to re-enforce from the railroad; whereas if we concentrate near this place, not only the present force of the enemy, but all re-enforcements would have to march some 40 miles before fighting. In view of this condition of affairs, I would be glad to withdraw the brigade of infantry that is now at Kingston. Should be cross either river and move up to attack us in this neighborhood, he will be so far from the main body of Bragg's army that he cannot be recalled in time to assist it, in case Thomas finds himself in a condition to attack after Sherman gets up. I take it that Sherman is in Chattanooga now.

Colonel Wilson and Secretary Dana sent you a long cipher dispatch this evening, which will explain to you the situation of affairs here, as also my views in regard to the campaign.* I should be glad to have as early an answer as possible to both these dispatches.

E. A. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Rockford, November 13, 1863.

[Maj. General JOHN G. PARKE,Chief of Staff:]

GENERAL: All quiet this morning. The total result of the affair at Maryville, 1 horse and equipments captured from the rebels, they getting out of the way. One of my scouts came in this morning and reports no change since; that the rebel cavalry are now guarding every ford and ferry, and have all the boats, canoes, &amp;c., on their side the river under guard. They have moved up parties to all the upper fords.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Part I, pp.258 and 265.

---------------

