
near Collierville or La Fayette. Concentrate cavalry from Corinth at La Grange, and stop Hurst's regiment from going north. If the line is cut, operate strongly on their flank and rear; the same will be done from this side. We must save the road if it can be done; if not, punish their column.

Show this to Dodge and Stevenson.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, Tennessee, November 2, 1863-5.20 p.m. Received War Department, 1 a.m., 3rd.]

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Since your dispatch of the 28th ultimo* I have been trying every way to start for Washington, but it has been impossible to do so. I will be there the earliest moment practicable.

No doubt you have seen the violent attack which has been made on me by the Louisville Journal. It is under the absolute control of the disloyal portion of Kentucky, and its entire influence is brought to bear upon us here.

The appointment of J. B. Anderson as general manager of all the railroads in the three departments, in my opinion, is an unfortunate one, and especially so for Tennessee. He is no doubt under the Louisville influence, and he will be used to advance their interests.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

STATE OF TENNESSEE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Nashville, November 2, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find special orders of the Secretary of War in regard to the construction and completion of the Northwestern Railroad from Nashville, Tennessee, to Reynoldsburg, on the Tennessee River.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

ANDREW JOHNSON,

Military Governor.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS] WAR DEPARTMENT, Louisville, Ky., October 22, 1863.

Ordered:

1. That the construction of the Northwestern Railroad from Nashville to the Tennessee River at Reynoldsburg as a military railroad for the transportation of troops and army supplies, and for other military purposes, be placed in charge of Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, with full power to provide material, to employ a competent engineer and other officers, agents, and workmen necessary to complete said line of railroad without delay. All

---------------

*Asking Johnson to come to Washington for private conversation.

---------------

