
the progress of Blair, but he must be this side of Paint Rock Creek and may be near Bellefonte. Shall I assemble the Fifteenth Army Corps here?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

BRIDGEPORT, November 13, 1863.

General EWING,

Stevenson:

Telegraph me if your division is all up. It was dark when I got here and I cannot reconnoiter till morning. I left the regulars back 13 miles. I don't think John E. Smith can be here till day after to-morrow. Get your division well in hand, and I will telegraph you minute orders.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 13, 1863.

Maj. General W. T. SHERMAN,

Bridgeport, Ala.:

Assemble the Fifteenth Army Corps at Bridgeport, and get ready for moving as soon as possible. Leave directions for your command and come up here yourself. Telegraph when you start, and I will send a horse to Kelley's Ferry for you. Hurlbut telegraphs that road is one up between Grand Junction and Corinth. The latter place must be supplied from Hamburg. I ordered forage to be sent there immediately. Allen sent it, but wants to know what number of men and horses he has to provide for at that place. I could not tell him, but replied that as soon as you reached Stevenson, I would get you to inform him. Hurlbut's quartermaster and commissary should look after that command. Hurlbut also states that rebels are building road to Saltillo and Tallahatchie, with the view of attacking Corinth. I have sent McPherson another dispatch to forward Tuttle's division to Hurlbut. Have you still got troops coming up the Tennessee? All now to arrive had better be left with Dodge on the Decatur road from the present. Those troops should collect all the forage and supplies they can and mules and horses from the country. What we do not get rebels will, and those entitled to pay will get it.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BRIDGEPORT, November 13, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Maj. General U. S. GRANT,

Chattanooga:

I will come up to-morrow after looking over the ground so as to place my troops as they arrive. No troops are coming up the Tennessee except Tuttle, whose division I ordered to come up to Eastport and follow Dodge. I hear from Dodge at Pulaski. I ordered him to repair the bridge south of Pulaski and move to Athens. I have telegraphed him via Columbia that you had ordered the bridge

