
at Columbia to be built, the timber to come from the North. I will order him to gather all serviceable mules and horses in his reach. I ordered all the ordnance at Corinth not needed in its defense to be sent to Memphis, and a garrison left sufficient to defend its works. Hurlbut knows its exact garrison-about 3,000.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

PULASKI, Tennessee, November 13, 1863.

Maj. Gen. W. T. SHERMAN,

On Road from Winchester to Bridgeport:

I sent you full reports by messenger yesterday. I have not my troops on railroad, and am holding it from Lynnville to Athens. Will move south as fast as any one relieves me. If I leave any portion of the railroad unguarded it will be entirely destroyed. I have sent trains for provisions. Shall live mostly off of the country. Have all mills running. When you get my letter please say if my disposition of troops meets your order. There appears to be no movement toward repairing railroad by any on except me. I have my men to work all along the line, and will soon have them up. A great deal of works is to be done yet between Nashville and Columbia. Duck River bridge is down. I will soon have telegraph up to here. I have placed my command so as to feed and forage it with as little transportation as possible. Am obliged to get rations before I can move much farther south. On the 8th General Lee, with his entire cavalry force, was at Courtland.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, November 13, 1863.

General G. M. DODGE,

Pulaski,-via Columbia:

Anything you do as to road will be all right. I will telegraph General Grant about the bridge at Columbia. I understand it is contracted for, the timbers to come from the North, but I will advise you at length in a day or so. It will take me two days to collect my forces here. The mountain roads have scattered us. I am this minute arrived at Bridgeport.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CORINTH, November 13, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Falkner and Newson, with their commands, after sending a small force yesterday to Purdy, fell back in direction of Jackson and Mifflin. Their force, I think, is about 1,000 men; reported by scouts much larger. I did not consider this cavalry force in condition to send to Jackson, so have made no move against them. I have sent scouts south and east; shall be able no their return to give definite

