HDQRS. SPEARS' BRIG., EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY, Sale Creek, Tennessee, November 14, 1863-5 p.m.

Maj. Gen. J. J. REYNOLDS,Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following for your information:

The forces under my command are the Third, Fifth and Sixth Regiments East Tennessee Volunteer Infantry; Battery A, First Ohio Artillery, and Third Battalion, Third Indiana Cavalry, and are disposed of in the following manner: At Cotton Port, one section of artillery, supported by two companies of infantry, under Major A. M. Gamble; at Gum Springs, the Third Battalion, Third Indiana Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel R. Klein; at Smith's Cross-Roads, two companies of infantry, under Captain J. K. Clingan; at Blythe's Ferry, one section of artillery, supported by six companies of infantry, under Colonel Joseph A. Cooper; at Doughty's Ford, one company of infantry, under Lieutenant A. E. Murphy; at Thatcher's Ford, one piece of artillery, supported by two companies infantry, Maj. R.h. Dunn commanding; at mouth of Sale Creek, two companies infantry, under Captain Fulkerson, and at mouth of Soddy, one piece of artillery, supported by one company of infantry, Captain Thomas McNish commanding. The remainder of my force is at this place.

I learn to-day from some of my scouts who have just come in from the south side of the river that there is no force there of any consequence, but that they intend making a raid in our rear as soon as they can effect a crossing, but have made to attempt as yet. They have now two pieces of artillery in position opposite Blythe's Ferry, and have been shelling our forces considerably. One man got his leg shot off by a 3-inch shell. No other casualties. All reported quiet elsewhere, and I have no fears of their crossing within my line.

Hoping that the disposition will meet with your approbation, I remain, general, your most obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, North Chickamauga Creek, November 14, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS, Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report: Everything is quiet at this point. The officer of the day reports that on the other side of the river the enemy were beating drums and shouting as though there was something going on more than usual. The cars were running all night, but did not whistle as usual. Further than this there is nothing new.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WASHINGTON, November 14, 1863-12.15 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Cincinnati, Ohio:

I have received and considered your dispatch of yesterday. Of the reports you mention I have not the means of seeing any except your own. Besides this, the publication might be improper in view

