
Should the enemy cross in force he will no doubt move in this direction which a view of driving us out. It is desirable all the infantry force should be here, and should you find yourself cut off, you can cross the Clinch and swing the bridge to the north side of the river and destroy it in case of an approach of the enemy. It is absolutely essential that the bridge should not be allowed to be used by the enemy. You can continue to picket below and communicate with the forces stationed at Washington. It is possible that this report of the crossing of the enemy may be premature. It is very essential that no unnecessary haste should attend the movement. Should you be cut off from us by both telegraph and courier between the rivers, you must endeavor to communicate with us by couriers by way of Winter's Gap and Lee's Ferry. In case you find telegraphic communication with us is cut, you will direct the brigade of infantry to move up the main Knoxville road to the point at which it is intersected by the main Loudon road to Kingston, to there await further orders from these headquarters. The commanding officer will keep his pickets well out, so as to prevent the possibility of surprise, and be in condition to move to Lackey's in case he is threatened with a serious attack. You will explain to the commanding officer of the brigade that it is important that he should not allow himself to be placed in a condition that would prevent him from joining the main body of General White's division at or near Lenoir's. But none of these moves will be commenced without orders from here, unless the telegraphic communication should be broken. Much is left to your good judgment in this matter.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 14, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Bull's Gap:

The enemy has made a lodgment on the right bank, below Loudon, and is building a bridge. If the force is too great for us to handle, the general has determined to retire toward the gaps in the Cumberland Mountain and concentrate our forces in that locality. He proposes for you to retire by Bean's Station on the route to Cumberland Gap. You will, however, not move without orders from him. In case telegraphic communication with you is cut by the enemy, you will put your force in position to fall back on Cumberland Gap by way of Bean's Station and Clinch Mountain. When you retire you must destroy Lick Creek bridge and all the bridges between Bull's Gap and Morristown. In the event of the

telegraph-wire being cut, and communication with the general is cut off, you must use your own judgment about the time of falling back, using your utmost exertions to learn of our movements and regulating yours accordingly. The general has gone down to Lenoir's, and I will telegraph you the result.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

LOUDON, November 14, 1863-3 a.m.

General BURNSIDE:

The officer of the day has just reported the enemy engaged in hauling lumber, and their signal corps in full operation on the

