
officers, agents, and workmen, and contracts for material necessary to the construction of said road, shall be under his general direction and control, subject to the approval of the Quartermaster-General.

2. Officers of the quartermaster's department shall be designated by the Quartermaster-General to draw rations and provide supplies for the forces engaged upon the work and pay the expenses incurred from time to time under this order when properly certified by the engineer in charge of the work and by Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee.

3. Chief officers of commissary department at Nashville will furnish such rations and supplies for the forces engaged in constructing the Northwestern Railroad as may be necessary upon requisitions from the quartermasters referred to in this order.

4. The general manager of railways will provide, upon the requisitions of Andrew Johnson, Military Governor of Tennessee, such engines and cars [so far as it may be consistent with the transportation of army supplies] for construction purposes as may be necessary, and also to move fuel and other supplies to Nashville for the Government, and for such other purposes and on such terms as may be approved by the Quartermaster-General.

5. As soon as the line is connected through between Nashville and Reynoldsburg it shall be turned over to the general manager of Government railways as a military road, and be used for Government purposes in the same manner as other railroads in possession of the Government are or may hereafter be operated under orders of the Government as military lines.

6. Major-General Grant will furnish such military forces as may be necessary for the protection of the road and the working parties engaged thereon.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 2, 1863-8 p.m. [Received 7.40 a.m., 3rd.]

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The enemy are collecting a force at Cleveland and toward Loudon. At present a lack of provisions and forage entirely preclude the idea of moving from here in that direction, but I will endeavor to make an advance up Lookout Valley and threaten the enemy in front at the same time, to force a return of these troops. Steam-boats ply regularly between Kelley's Ferry and Bridgeport, thus nearly settling the subsistence and forage questions. Coal is abundant near the river to supply fuel for the steam-boats.

If General Sherman gets here before the enemy disturbs Burnside's position, I think I will be able to make him take a respectful distance south of us. If the enemy should break through our lines about Washington and push north, it would greatly disturb us, and lead to the abandonment of much territory temporarily and to great loss of public property; but I think the rebel force making such movement would be totally annihilated.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

