
live freely on the country, giving receipts to be settled after a while. Make as marked distinction as you can between friend and enemies. If guerrillas trouble your road or trains, make the enemy pay all damages with interest. Everything seems quiet hereabouts.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Larkinsville, Ala., November 14, 1863.

Maj. General W. T. SHERMAN,Comdg. Department and Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith dispatch received from General Dodge. General Woods with the First Division camped last night 6 miles from Maysville, on the other side, and I suppose will encamp to-night on Paint Rock Creek where General G. A. Smith camped last night. The First Brigade, Second Division, is in camp at this place, and I suppose General M. L.[Smith], with Lightburn's brigade, is some 5 or 6 miles beyond. The precise location of his camp will be indorsed on this communication by him. We found the roads worse than those beyond Fayetteville, but have marched on an average 18 miles a day since leaving Branchville.

The men of both divisions are in excellent condition, but our animals much worn and the wagons considerably battered. A supply of shoes is essential to the men if they are to march far beyond Stevenson; we are also in great need of horseshoes. If anything can be done to obtain these supplies before our arrival, it will greatly facilitate matters, if we are to move from that place promptly.

I telegraphed General Thomas to notify him of my arrival at Maysville on yesterday morning; I did so because I did not know your whereabouts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-We shall have plenty of rations to last us to Stevenson, and more live-stock than we started with.

CORINTH, November 14, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

A scout of whom General Dodge says, "He is number one, never fails," just in from Tupelo; left there on evening of 12th. Reports railroad will be completed to Tupelo in running order on 19th. Roddey is at Leighton, Ferguson in Bear Creek Valley, Inge at Tupelo, Gholson at Birmingham. General Adams will move his brigade from Meridian as soon as road is finished to Tupelo. Richardson it Pontotoc. Chalmers is reported near Tallahatchie. Rebels report Sherman moving on without opposition. I will send you Mobile papers by train in morning, as late as 9th. Loring has his headquarters at Canton. Letters from his men say his division will winter there. No further news of Falkner; nothing of interest at this post.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

