
If Burnside can hold the line from Knoxville to Clinton, as I have asked him, for six days, I believe Bragg will be started back for south side of Oostenaula and Longstreet cut off. I have been anxious for earlier movements here, but the condition of transportation of the command would not admit of it.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 15, 1863.

Brig. General A. JOHNSON,Military Governor of Tennessee, Nashville:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to send you the colors of the Fourth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers captured from the by the rebel Wheeler at McMinnville. A bearer of dispatches from Wheeler to Bragg was captured in the vicinity of Trenton, Ga., by one of our scouting parties soon after Wheeler was driven from Middle Tennessee, and the flag taken from him among other things.

The general desires that it may be returned to the regiment, an d trusts that it may never again fall into disloyal hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Cumberland:

On the 10th instant I was advised by Special Orders, No. 301, dated November 10, 1863, that Major-General Slocum had been assigned to the command of our communications between Duck River and Bridgeport,and for him to established his headquarters at Tullahoma. Yesterday I received a telegram from that officer that he had that day established his headquarters at Murfreesborough. If any orders emanating from the headquarters of the Army of the Cumberland authorized this change or that of the troops of the First Division of the Twelfth Corps, I request that I may be furnished with a copy of them. Yesterday morning it was reported to me that the enemy had broken ground apparently for the purpose of establishing a new battery on Lookout Mountain, just below the most precipitous slope on the north end of it. From the best means in my power to observe it, and from the most favorable point, I am of opinion that it is designed for one gun, and that to play on our trains as they pass an exposed point in the vicinity of my headquarters. No gun is yet in position,and possibly the work is not intended for that purpose. The enemy fired a few shots last night and also morning, apparently to ascertain whether or not they could make their projectiles reach the trains on the road they now travel, but all of them hitherto have fallen a little short. Last night an unusual number of campfires were seen on the Lookout Valley side of the mountain, but I

