
were seen toward Louisville and also in the direction of the Martin's Gap road, road leading off to the left and toward the mountains. The road to Sevierville,&amp;c., is open to the enemy. Some of my regiments did not get rations last night. I have directed my quartermaster to come to you for directions in regard to my wagon train now in Knoxville. Forage is rather scare here, and he says he has none where he is.

W. P. SANDERS.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

LENOIR'S, November 15, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

I am satisfied you ought to hold the other side of the river until we get up. It now seems to be too late to do more than concentrate at Knoxville and fight them. What do you think?

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 15, 1863.

General O. B. WILLCOX,

Bull's Gap:

Order Hoskins to get in readiness to move with his brigade here by rail at once. An engine and nine cars leave here for Bull's Gap, picking up say fives cars on the way, which with the cars now at Bull's Gap will probably be sufficient to move the brigade. On the arrival of the train please have him loaded as quickly as possible, putting what rations he has on board, and necessary camp equipage and baggage if there is room, in which case his wagon train can be left behind. If there is not room on cars for camp equipage and baggage, load them on wagon train and leave it with guard there, to await further orders. Hold the cars now at Bull's Gap for this purpose. Please get Hoskins off as soon as possible.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, November 15, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE, Louisville:

Four hundred rebels under Hamilton and company were this side Cumberland yesterday. Force sent out to get in their rear compelled them to recross the river.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 15, 1863.

(Received 19th.)

Maj. General S. A. HURLBUT, Memphis:

From all that can be derived from the statements of deserters and scouts, all of Johnston's forces are being sent from Mississippi here to re-enforce Bragg. A large number have already arrived.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

(Copy to Major-General McPherson, November 19.)

