
COLLIERVILLE, November 15, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Scout just from enemy's camp. Forrest in command at Mease's Mills, on Tallahatchie. Has brought with him two regiments, 1,609 men counted; also four pieces of artillery, two 12-pounder, two

18-pounders, bronze. Will attack Collierville before the 18th of this month with entire force of Chalmers' old command. Forrest's men are now under marching orders.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

COLIERVILLE, November 15, 1863.

General GRIERSON:

J. W. Vaughan brings information that Forrest has a command of 2,600 men just across Tallahatchie, and that the may be expected to attack this place by Wednesday next. Richardson's force, which is north of the road, is also expected to co-operate, making in all about 4,000 men with 7 pieces of artillery.

G. W. TRAFTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

CORINTH, November 15, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I learn from a scout that rebels are operating on road from Jackson to Grenada. The first train ran through on 8th of this month. By man just from Selma I learn that it is understood there that Bragg is falling back. The point to which he intends going is said to be Rome. At Selma the military foundry turns out every week four large guns, 120 pounds caliber. They also turn out large amounts of shot and shell; but few troops at that place. A large force reported at Montgomery. You must take Selma news for what it is worth, as my informant claims to be a refugee, and I do not know how reliable.

JNO. D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

BRIDGEPORT, November 15, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Dispatches dated the 14th have just arrived from General Blair by courier from Stevenson. His advance, under General Morgan L. Smith, camped last night 3 miles east of Larkinsville and 9 west of Bellefonte. General Blair with General Giles A. Smith was at Larkinsville last night, and General Woods, with First Division, at Paint Rock Creek. All in good spirits, and will move forward rapidly. Dispatches, dated Pulaski, November 11, also received from General Dodge. He was about placing his largest brigade at Prospect, with one regiment mounted infantry at Athens, two brigades at Pulaski, and one at or near Reynolds.

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

