
NASHVILLE, Tennessee, November 2, 1863.

Maj. Gen. U. S. GRANT:

Your dispatch received. I took charge of the road this morning. If we have no accident I can send daily this week 50 cars, and after this week from 80 to 100 cars daily. Have sent 1 engine to-day to take forward loaded cars which have been left on siding, and 1 to bring north empty cars. There were 98 cars thus left on the road. Have arranged to send forward the batteries from Decherd and Tantalon to-morrow.

I have sent four freight trains to-day and will send four to-morrow, and if we meet with no serious accident can send daily, after this week, five trains.

Have 3 engines at Jeffersonville, Ind., which can be here and ready for service by Saturday night next. Have 7 engines in the shops for repairs, 2 of which will be out in two days. The others will require longer time. There are 4 engines off the track at different points, these I will get up as soon as possible. Will send as directed 20 cars commissary and 10 of cattle daily. Sent this a.m. 12 cars cattle; will send 8 in the morning. Have notified the contractors here to load 10 cars daily.

J. B. ANDERSON,

General Manager.

CINCINNATI, November 2, 1863.

General GRANT, Chattanooga:

Telegraph received. Have telegraphed Colonel Haines to ask if he can send stores, via Cairo, up the Cumberland. As soon as his reply is received will let you know. I fear, general, that the Ohio River cannot be used for the present.

C. L. KILBURN,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 2, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,Commanding Division of the Mississippi

GENERAL: If the enemy designs turning Burnside's flank, as suggested by him, why would it not be good tactics for Burnside to fall back on Kingston, and so concentrate his troops as to force the enemy to march for Kentucky by Cumberland Gap? In the mean time send two divisions of Sherman's corps by rail to Lebanon and Nicholasville, and to march from those two points to the Cumberland to intercept his farther advance into Kentucky? By this move Burnside would be on the enemy's flank, and the forces here so far in his rear that he could not hope to escape.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

