HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Pulaski, Tennessee, November 15, 1863.

Colonel M. M. BANE,Comdg. Third Brig., Second Div., Sixteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: You will extend your command so as to cover the road to Pleasant Grove. Small detachments at bridges in stockades will be sufficient to guard them. One good company of infantry in a stockade is equal a regiment of such rebel troops as are now around us. Officers and men on the railroad must stay at their posts all the time. We must save what of the road is left.

By order of Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 157. Memphis, Tennessee, November 15, 1863.

I. The people in the District of West Tennessee and the northern counties of Mississippi, having shown no disposition and made no attempt to protect themselves from marauders and guerrilla bands, but having submitted themselves without organized resistance to the domination of these petty tyrants, and combined in many instances with the known enemies of the United States to procure from corrupt traders sin the city of Memphis and elsewhere supplies for the use of the public enemy, have proved themselves unworthy of the indulgence shown them by the Government.

It is therefore ordered that the lines of pickets around the several military posts of this command in Tennessee and Mississippi be closed, and that no goods of any description be allowed to pass out,nor anything be brought in, except fire-wood and provisions, by any citizen, without the written order of some general officer, each of which permits, and the reasons for granting the same,w ill be reported to these headquarters, and for the necessity of which each officer granting will be held rigidly responsible.

II. All merchants and others doing business will be held responsible for knowledge of the residence of the parties to whom they sell, and the sale of merchandise to persons beyond the lines of pickets will be punished with the highest rigor known to the laws of war.

III. All persons residing under the protection of the United States, and physically capable of military duty, are liable to perform the same in a country under martial law. Especially in the city of Memphis, where it is known that many have fled to escape liability to military service at home, this rule will be strictly applied. In pursuance, therefore, of orders to this effect from Maj. General W. T. Sherman, commanding Department and Army of the Tennessee, all officers commanding district, division, and detached brigades of this corps, will immediately proceed to impress into the service of the United States such able-bodied persons liable to military duty as may be required to fill up the existing regiments and batteries to their maximum. These persons so levied upon, if they enlist for three years or the war, will be entitled to the full benefits provided by the acts of Congress. If not, they will receive clothing and rations and be borne at the foot of each company-roll, with remarks, stating their time of service and the advance made by the Government in clothing, a certificate of which will be given them when

