
WASHINGTON, November 16, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

General Grant telegraphs that it is of vital importance that you hold your position for a few days, till he can send you assistance. If you retreat now it will be disastrous to the campaign.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, November 16, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

Dana left Burnside on the 14th to return to you? Burnside was then hesitating whether to fight or to retreat. I fear he will not fight, although strongly urged to do so. Unless you can give him immediate assistance he will surrender his position to the enemy. I have ordered to give him more troops from Kentucky, but he says he cannot supply them. Immediate aid from you is now of vital importance.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 16, 1863-3 p.m.

(Received 1.45 p.m., 17th.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am pushing everything to give General Burnside early aid. I have impressed on him in the strongest terms the necessity of holding on to his position. General Sherman's troops are now at Bridgeport. They will march to-morrow, and an effort will be made to get a column between Bragg and Longstreet as soon as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, November 16, 1863.

Maj. General J. J. REYNOLDS,Chief of Staff:

Scouts from Sligo and Lookout Valley reports as follows:

The force at Trenton is variously given from 1,300 to 4,000. A boy who left Trenton this a.m. says that the has seen infantry 1 mile north of the place and cavalry to the west of the town. The infantry was reported to be of Breckinridge's forces. A part of Cheatham's forces are known to have arrived at Powell's Gap, the inhabitants going up on the mountain to see their relations in that command. Detectives report three brigades on Lookout Mountain, i.e., Brown's, Walthall's, and another, Maney's brigade having left the mountain yesterday morning. These forces are reported to be of General Stevenson's division. Adams' brigade, of Stewart's division, seems to be encamped on the east slope of Lookout Mountain. The report in regard to the artillery varies, but the son of a Union soldier living in Summertown arrived in our lines

to-night.

