
CHATTANOOGA, November 16, 1863.

Maj. General A. E. BURNSIDE,

Knoxville:

Colonel Donaldson will start one hundred wagons on the 18th, and about the same number on the 20th, loaded with clothing for your command. They will go to Sparta, at which place you will have to send teams to meet them and left those sent from Nashville return.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BULL'S GAP, November 16, 1863.

Major-General PARKE:

Copy of Stanton's* cipher received. I have never thought Jones

re-enforced from Lee's army, but I am certain that Jones has a mounted force of 3,500 men, concentrated not far from Kingsport; that this force will be used against us in case of such a disaster below as to compel us to fall back upon Cumberland Gap. There is no rebel force between here and Jonesborough, and very little this side of the fords. I do not expect an attack on this front, but the moment I move toward Bean's Station, I think the enemy will throw their whole mounted force either down the Rogersville road or the Jonesborough road, but with my present cavalry and infantry force, and Hoskins' brigade, I think I could get through with the train unless the roads break up. Forage and flour is nearly exhausted here. As soon as all is safe below we had better advance to Kingsport.

O. B. VILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 16, 1863.

General WILLCOX,

Bull's Gap:

It is reported that the enemy's cavalry that attacked us on the south side of the river have moved off to our left up the river. They may cross the French Broad to move on Strawberry Plains or Morristown, and get between us and Cumberland Gap. I have notified Colonel Harney and directed him to send out scouts to ascertain if they are advancing, and in the mean time to take up a position to hold the enemy in check and to communicate with you.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY, Munfordville, Ky., November 16, 1863.

Colonel MORRISON,Commanding at Columbia, Ky.:

COLONEL: It is important that you send small scouting parties in the direction of Jamestown, Creelsborough, and Glasgow. This should be done each day. The parties going in the direction of Glasgow

---------------

*Halleck's.

---------------

