
direction of Rossville toward our left until they reached Bragg's headquarters. I could not see what became of them after arriving at that point. A train of wagons has been moving down the west side of the ridge on the road at Bragg's headquarters. A large number of stragglers, perhaps guards, were with the train. After reaching the enemy's camp on the side of the ridge, the train moved in direction of our right. Wagons were moving until dark on this route.

A number of mounted men, two or three at a time, have been passing along the crest of the ridge; also a few wagons both toward our right and left.

A large number of beef-cattle have been driven into a field a little to our left of the tunnel and near the crest of the ridge. I think there are over 200 of them.

About 3 p.m. about a regiment of infantry reported at Bragg's headquarters, and after remaining in line a few minutes moved along the crest of the ridge in direction of our right. Between 4 and 5 o'clock I saw a body of troops, near where heavy gun used to be, moving toward our right, but it was so smoky I could not estimate the number. I do not think it was more than a regiment.

All quiet on the enemy's right.

Respectfully,

L. M. DE MOTTE,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 16, 1863-10 p.m.

Brig. General GEORGE CROOK,Maysville:

Select from your command a brigade of 1,500 to 2,000 men under the command of Colonel E. Long, and start them so as to reach here by Saturday next at noon. They are wanted for an important raid. Forage them to Stevenson or Bridgeport, where they will resupply. They will be needed here probably four to six day after arrival.

Answer.

By command of General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

If telegraph is not working to Maysville, commanding officer at Stevenson will send by courier immediately and report same to these headquarters.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 16, 1863.

(Received 5.05,17th.)

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am satisfied that the occupation of Corinth and the line of the Charleston railroad is now worth its cost. I want to assemble all the forces now scattered along that line at Memphis and Eastport. This would give a force at the east extremity that could act offensively

