
against any enemy that would penetrate above these parts. As it is now they are tied down and employed solely in self-existence. If the people of West Tennessee do not restrain guerrillas and impressment gangs, we cannot help it. They are the sufferers, not we. General Grant concurs with me in this. By collecting at Eastport the force now at Corinth, and using the railroad, we could give occupation to a large cavalry force, and could threaten Tuscumbia, Russellville, and Columbus. They would also consume large quantities of corn, hogs, and cattle, that are now regularly collected and send found round to Bragg.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 16, 1863.

Major SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., General Sherman's Headquarters:

I will be down to-morrow. Order all the division commanders to be ready to march, Ewing for Trenton with light equipment, and his wagons to come up here, where he will join them in a few days; the other divisions with all the ready forage their wagons can carry. We will all move up tho this vicinity.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

[NOVEMBER 16, 1863.]

G. D. PRENTICE,

Louisville Journal:

Sitting in General Thomas' quarters I read the Journal of the 13th, and see you are uneasy about my command. I have made the junction, and lived well on Confederate corn and pork. My own corps, Fifteenth, is at Bridgeport in fine order, having marched all the way from Memphis, and we effected a good military purpose on the way. I left a strong force at Elk River, also, to fulfill a design. General Halleck and General Grant were daily advised of my progress, but the public were not, and I hope the fact escaped Bragg's knowledge. I have been all day studying maps and position, and am ready to work. I still retain my old notions about heralding my acts and progress, and therefore give you this privately and not for publication. I at the same time assure you of my great personal respect and esteem.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

STEVENSON, November 16, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The Second Brigade, Second Division, is in town. The First Brigade will be here at 1 o'clock. The First Division will probably camp at Crow Creek, 5 miles from here, to-night. I shall move to Bridgeport without further orders, taking commissary stores here and quartermaster supplies at Bridgeport. If you have any commands for me, please forward.

FRANK P. BLAIR, Jr.,

Major-General, Commanding Fifteenth Corps.

