
only. If you can send me a good topographical or sectional map of Tennessee it would be of great aid; I have none. Also if there are any engineers, topographical or civil, off duty any place, one would be very acceptable,and I could get up maps of this country that might be of benefit in the future.

If the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois is relieved at Eastport, I respectfully request that it be ordered to me, and I also desire to call your attention to the fact that there are a large number of officers and men belonging to my command in Memphis, Vicksburg, Columbus, Ky., and on detached service. Many of them have been ordered forward, but do not respond. As I need every officer and man I trust the general commanding department will order them to join me. Nothing but a positive order from him will bring them.

I have detailed rather fully the condition of affairs. Heavy details should be put on the road at Columbia and more force stationed at that point, so as to relieve my command as far south as this. I trust troops will soon relive me, and that I can move forward. A small division would guard the road. It now has stockades at nearly every bridge, and with a nucleus to rally to at Athens, Prospect, Pulaski, and Columbia, the road would be comparatively safe, and, moreover, supplies of forage, beef, pork, stock, &amp;c., could be gotten and sent to Nashville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. C.,

No. 70. Pulaski, Tennessee, November 16, 1863.

The burning or destroying of any property, or any of the products of the country, is a positive detriment to us and a loss to the United States Government; therefore it must be stopped. The burning of cotton-gins, cotton, and everything else, is strictly prohibited. Any of the troops detected in any of these depredations will have meted out to them the extreme penalty of the law, which in case of burning, pillaging, or robing, is detach. This order will be read at the head of every regiment and battery of the command, and every officer is command to aid in carrying it out.

By order of Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 16, 1863.

Maj. Gen. W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Army of the Tennessee, via Nashville:

Forrest is below me with 1,600 men from Alabama, in addition to Chalmer's command; he will attack somewhere on the line within forty-eight hours. He is reported to have Parrott guns. i will endeavor to be ready for him he comes up, but he may break through and pass north. Scouts from south report Bragg falling back to Rome.

