HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General TUTTLE,La Grange:

Mower's train left this afternoon. Colonel Hatch commands at Collierville. I do not want you to lose your hold on La Grange, but send what men you can spare to Moscow to encourage the colored regiment there, and to strike if a fair opportunity occurs.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., November 16, 1863.

Brig. Gen. M. M. CROCKER,Commanding U. S. Force, Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: Nothing new here as yet in relation to the movements of the enemy. Find out all you can. If they have not gone down in strong force to threaten Natchez and desolate the country to the south and east of you, I will arrange it to bring your command up here as was first contemplated.

The rebels I understand are repairing the railroad from Brandon to Jackson and from Jackson to Canton, and I wish to disturb the harmony of their operations.

Assure the good people of Natchez that in no contingency, unless something most extraordinary occurs, will their city fall into the hands of the rebels. We are here not only to fight our enemies, but to protect our friends.

I will send you word when to come up with the balance of your command.

Truly, yours,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

EASTPORT, November 16, 1863.

(Via Paducah and Cairo,17th.)

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

GENERAL: I would respectfully report Colonel Cladek, Thirty-fifth New Jersey Volunteers, arrived here last night aboard transports from Washington, D. C., with three regiments of infantry, numbering 2,200 men, with orders to report here to Major-General Sherman. He has no land transportation, and there is none for him here. There has been no communication from or to this place with General Sherman for ten days. It is impossible for the colonel to cross the country from here to General Sherman. He has transportation enough here to take him down the river, which I have retained until further orders can be had. Will you please give the necessary orders? Please answer through Admiral Porter, through whom this is forwarded.

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully,

JOHN I. RINAKER,

Colonel 122nd Illinois, Commanding Post, Eastport, Miss.

