
to which they now belong, and with the Ninth Michigan Volunteers will form the garrison of the post of Chattanooga, Colonel J. G.

Parkhurst, Ninth Michigan Volunteers,commanding.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAV., MILITARY DIV. OF THE MISS., Nashville, Tennessee, November 17, 1863.

Brig. General M. C. MEIGS,Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

SIR: Since my arrival here I have looked through the corrals containing the horses sent here for issue, and I feel constrained to say that not one-fourth of all the horses that I have seen are fit for cavalry service. Nothing but inform failure can be expected of cavalry mounted upon them, and to accept and endeavor to use them, will only encumber the service, and perfect a shameful fraud upon the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brig. Gen., Chief of Cav., Military Div. of the Miss.

MAYSVILLE, November 17, 1863.

General ELLIOTT:

I have just had a scouting party to return from Tennessee River. They crossed over the river at several points; found but few rebels. They destroyed all the boats between Whitesburg and Decatur. You need not fear but what I will know as soon as any force of rebels attempt to cross over the river. Lilly's battery leaves in the morning to join you.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 17, 1863.

Colonel D. M. RAY,Commanding Second East Tennessee Cavalry:

The major-general commanding directs that you move with your entire command toward Kingston, and if necessary aid Colonel Byrd or whoever may be in command at that place. Ascertain the position and force of the enemy in that vicinity, and report it to these headquarters, together with such other matters as may transpire. If not needed to aid the commanding officer at or near Kingston, you will return to your present post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

