
Kingston road. Confidence expressed of ability to repel attack if made. Conjecture that Longstreet's feeble advance may be with design to cover movement into Kentucky. Nothing from Chattanooga.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 18, 1863.

(Received 9.10 p.m.)

Maj. Gen. GRANT and

President LINCOLN:

Heavy skirmishing commenced about 10 o'clock, and continued all day, principally on the Kingston road. We have lost but little ground, perhaps a quarter of a mile. Our troops are all within our fortifications, with skirmishers to the front. We have every hope of repelling an assault if one be made. There is a bare chance that Longstreet may simply be covering a movement into Kentucky. His feeble advance would seen to indicate something of that kind to cover demonstrations by the enemy across the river.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, November 18, 1863-10.05 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

The services of W. F. Smith, now chief of engineers in the Army of the Cumberland, are indispensable in that command, and it will be impossible to assign him to your department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[NOVEMBER 18, 1863.-For instructions from Grant to Thomas for attack on enemy's position on Missionary Ridge, see Part II,p.31.]

CHATTANOOGA, November 18, 1863.

Brig. Gen. M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Bridgeport. Ala.:

Colonel Donaldson's views are right about supplying the army at Chattanooga first. The rations for General Burnside could not be sent now even if there was water enough in the Cumberland, until the result of present movements by Longstreet are known. I think it better, therefore, to let the boats now loaded discharge and return.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, November 18, 1863.

Maj. Gen. U. S. GRANT:

I am told that there are fifty-six locomotive engines at rest on the road from Memphis to Grenada. On paper they appear to be accessible. Has your attention been called to this fact? Extraordinary if it be true.

R. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General, Quartermaster.

