HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, November 18, 1863.

Brig. Gen. W. D. WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the following extract from the picket report, dated November 15, 1863, of Eleventh Army Corps:

Captain J. D. Madeira, acting assistant inspector-general, Second Brigade, Second Division, Eleventh Army Corps, reports additional camp-fires on the south side of Lookout Mountain; further, that the Twelfth Georgia Regiment is in our front, while the Richmond Examiner, October 30, reports it at Charleston. He thinks troops have been transferred from Charleston to this point.* * * Scouts met the enemy's pickets at Squirreltown Creek, inhabitants one and a half regiments of cavalry at or near Trenton. They saw three scouting parties of the enemy, 9,8 and 6 strong. The last two were infantry, and went back to Lookout Mountain. A boy overheard a conversation, as he reports, between two Secessionists, that 18,000 men had arrived on the mountain this morning (15th). Another rumor is current amongst the inhabitants that Stevenson's division has arrived on the mountain.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. L. JOHNSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the following extract from picket report, November 18, of Fourth Army Corps, for the information of the general commanding:

Lieutenant Foster visited the line at 5 o'clock this morning, at which time our pickets were advanced beyond Citico Creek without any opposition, all the enemy's sentinels having deserted to us during the night; they were 11 in number. From them I ascertained the fact that they picket on our front in squads of 3, with no main reserve; 1 of the 3 is out in advance about 50 yards. Forty-eight men and 3 commissioned officers, of Allison's (Tennessee) squadron, picket from the river to the Harrison road. These are the only pickets on the front of this brigade, and are relieved from their camp each morning; camp is distant 1 1/2 miles. In addition to the picket, there are three companies of a Mississippi regiment guarding the bridges where the railroad intersect one another. This comprises all the force which was on our front yesterday between us and the enemy's camps. Infantry picket on General Willich's front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. L. JOHNSON,

Captain, Actg. Asst. Insp. Gen., Dept. of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS, South of River, November 18, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General,&amp;c.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding the state of affairs this side of the river.

