
We have not been disturbed by the enemy during the day. Last night signal-lights were displayed in several places by the enemy on the hills beyond us. A scout sent out in the forenoon reported the enemy's pickets about 3 miles from our front on the Maryville road. Not deeming the information reliable, a party of the Eleventh Kentucky, under command of a commissioned officer, was sent forward to ascertain, if possible,the force in our front, if any. The party has returned and reports that there is no enemy this side of Little River. They advanced to the vicinity of Rockford. It was ascertained that the enemy have possession of some boats, with which foraging party crossed and re-crossed during the night.

The enemy's forces recently here were under command of Wheeler, said to be 10,000 strong, commanded by Davis [?], Armstrong, and Morgan; the latter remained after the others left, but has now followed. The Sevierville road has been scouted for 10 miles; no enemy. The river is strongly picketed to-night by infantry and cavalry, and we have a deployment extending on a half-circle from the river on the left to river on right of our position. The Sevierville road is strongly guarded by a detachment of the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry, about 3 1/2 miles from the bridge. The Maryville road is picketed by the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry. The Sixty-fifth Illinois is advanced as a reserve. Considerable progress has been made in strengthening our main position on the height east of the bridge. Six pieces of artillery have been placed in position, and the works are held by the One hundred and third Ohio and

Twenty-fourth Kentucky not otherwise detailed. I our present front can be held, I have full confidence that a section of artillery, with what infantry can be spared outside the works, will render assistance to our troops on other side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL CAMERON.

P. S.-I have just received information that the enemy are preparing to cross the Holston at its junction with the French Broad. Have dispatched a mounted force to contest the passage of the river, and will endeavor to check them.

Very respectfully,

DANIEL CAMERON.
HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY, Munfordville, Ky., November 18, 1863.

Colonel S. A. STRICKLAND,Commanding U. S. Forces, Glasgow, Ky.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 17th instant is received. If you have no doubts as to the information as to Hamilton's intentions to visit Centre Point on Saturday next, you can make the trip and carry out the plan proposed in your letter.

It would be well to have force in camp mounted and ready to pursue any band of guerrillas attempting to take advantage of your movements and move to your right on railroad between Cave City and Bowling Green. It would be well to keep your scouting on the Columbia road, as directed in my former letter, if party should attempt to pass between Columbia and Glasgow, that scouts may give information to troops at Glasgow and Cave City. If you should get

