
he request that you destroy all the iron-works at Trenton. Either burn them or destroy them so that they cannot again be used. This request will not in any way interfere with any instructions you may have received.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Bridgeport, November 18, 1863.

Brig. Gen. G. M. DODGE,Commanding Division, Pulaski via Nashville:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter inclosing copy of your order is received. I heartily approve your order, and think it right to make citizens earn good treatment. They can suppress guerrillas. I know it, and on my threat at Florence they brought in a man captured by guerrillas at Gravelly Springs.

Keep your infantry so that you can concentrate, and let your cavalry reach well down to mouth of Elk on both sides. Don't let the enemy draw any supplies from north of Tennessee.

I have been up to Chattanooga. Their poor horses and mules tell the tale of horrid roads and no forage. I hate to put ours up in that mountain gorge. Two divisions have gone forward, and two more follow to-morrow. I go again to Chattanooga to-morrow, and think many days cannot elapse before we bring on a fight. It is to our interest to act quick, as Longstreet is gone up to East Tennessee.

General Grant says that everything has been done to push the work on the Nashville and Decatur road, but work on railroad moves slowly.

Write me fully and frequently, and send me all statistical information, that I may store it away for the future.

Your sketch of your route shows Pulaski a good point whence to operate.

I will try and get you some more cavalry from the north.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Bridgeport, Ala., November 18, 1863.

(Received 21st.)

Major-General HURLBUT,Memphis:

Dispatch of 16th received. Do the best you can; don't scatter along that road to be picked up in detail, but arrange so as to concentrate at Memphis or Eastport. Halleck don't want Corinth abandoned, but it can supply itself from Eastport or Savannah. More troops are being sent up to Eastport by Halleck that should be well commanded.

