
If Memphis and Eastport are well held, the enemy will not pene trate much north of the road, but don't let them pick up any

detachment or stores.

The Fifteenth Corps is marching to Chattanooga from here.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Bridgeport, November 18, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,Memphis:

I have your telegraphic report that Forrest has joined Chalmers south of Memphis, and again threatens the road. I wanted to let the road go. It is a nuisance and fulfills no military purpose, but scatters a command along a thin, weak line. I wanted to abandon to Corinth, but General Halleck telegraphs to hold on. I want the stores at Corinth to be so reduced that, in case of necessity, the garrison could move, and also so do dispose matters that the garrison can be supplied from Hamburg. I want all you can spare up at Eastport or thereabouts, so that when this Chattanooga question is settled, we can collect at or near Florence a respectable force to move southeast. As long as Memphis is well held, and a disposable force kept at Eastport or Corinth, the enemy will not penetrate north of the Memphis railroad, save as a maraud, and we should so dispose matters that they maraud their own people. It is none of our business to protect a people that has sent all its youth, and arms, and horses, and all is of any account to war against us. Forrest may cavort about that country as much as he pleases. Every conscript they now catch will cost a good man to watch. The cavalry movement in Mississippi was designed by Joe Johnston to delay my march,and he signally failed. I have made my junction, and all you need to do is to protect the interest and property of the United States. The people have done all the harm they can, so let them reap the consequences.

As soon as the Yazoo River rises a little, we will break the Jackson and Grenada road whenever we please. They are tying to save the stock left one the road between Canton and Grenada. The road can full no real purpose now. They may also molest

steam-boats, but will not attack fortified points, such as Columbus, Memphis, or Vicksburg.

I don't want to hear of the loss of any public stores or small detachment of men by trying to save that railroad. It is north worth to us the life of one soldier.

I am, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Bridgeport, November 18, 1863.

Maj. Gen. JAMES B. McPHERSON,Commanding, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I inclose for your action a paper* purporting to be a petition of certain citizens of Tensas Parish to organize a police force to restrain excesses on the part of the negroes.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

