
COLLIERVILLE, November 18, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The scouting party from Germantown, last night, have returned. They went within 7 miles of Hernando. No force at that place. Small force reported at Coldwater Station, Pigeon Roost road. Came upon a squad of about 12, mostly citizens, loaded with soldiers' clothes. Clothing got from Jews in Memphis. Captured one.

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel.

MOSCOW, November 18, 1863.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I laid an ambush last night on the Somerville road, about 3 miles from here, at McCaughn's Mill, where the guerrillas are in the habit of crossing the north fork of Wolf River on their way to and from Somerville, and captured 2 rebel mail-carriers and nearly 1,000 letters which they were taking to Somerville. What shall I do with them? They have Chattanooga dates of the 22nd October.

FRANK A. KENDRICK,

Colonel, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 19, 1863-10.10 a.m.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Gettysburg, Pa.:

Dispatch from Grant, dated November 18, 9 o'clock p.m., states that Sherman's movement had commenced, and that a battle or falling back of the enemy by Saturday, at furthest, is inevitable. He had received Burnside's dispatch down to 10 o'clock Tuesday night, but says nothing concerning his opinion of Burnside's position. Four dispatches from Dana at Chattanooga, dated respectively yesterday, 18th, 12 o'clock, 1,3, and 7 p.m. He reached Chattanooga Tuesday night. Speaks of Burnside's position as safe at Knoxville, and gives details of matters occurring while with Burnside. The details of movements at Chattanooga are given, but you could not understand them without a map. His latest dispatch 7 o'clock, reports everything in successful progress to that hour. There is nothing from Burnside later than my telegram of last night. Nothing from elsewhere, except that Kelley reports Averell's return and that the enemy have been entirely driven out of West Virginia. Averell did not succeed in reaching the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad. Mrs. Lincoln reports your son's health as a great deal better, and that he will be out to-day.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 19, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General MEIGS,

Bridgeport:

The appointment and powers conferred on J. B. Anderson as railroad superintendent are subject to your control. You are authorized to change, alter, or revoke them if he fails or neglects his duty, and

