
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 5. Chattanooga, November 19, 1863.

The following-named officers are hereby announced as constituting the staff of the major-general commanding:

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff.

Lieutenant Colonel R. O. Selfridge, assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel Hyatt C. Ransom, chief quartermaster.

Lieutenant Colonel David Remick, chief commissary.

Surg. Alonzo J. Phelps, medical director.

Maj. John Mendenhall, judge-advocate and chief of artillery.

Maj. T. G. Beaham, aide-de-camp.

Captain Albert B. Dod, commissary of musters.

Captain William L. Avery, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Captain J. G. Taylor, aide-de-camp.

Captain Kaldenbaugh, provost-marshal.

Captain William Leonard, acting signal officer.

First Lieutenant James P. Scott, acting quartermaster.

Asst. Surg. B. H. Cheney, medical purveyor.

Reports will be made and business will be transacted through them in accordance with existing orders and regulations.

By orders of Major-General Granger:

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Kingston, November 19, 1863.

(Received 10.20 a.m., 20th.)

Major-General GRANT:

GENERAL: Two reliable gentlemen have just arrived from Knoxville and inform me that General Burnside has fallen back to Knoxville, and that Longstreet's forces have him almost surrounded. I think it would be well for him to have assistance, if possible. Of course you know his situation better than [I] do, unless communication is cut between you and him, [which] I think very likely, as they have near 10,000 cavalry, besides about 20,000 infantry. A courier of mine corroborates the statement made above. I sent him to Knoxville day before yesterday morning, and he tried to get into Knoxville yesterday morning and he could not succeed for the rebel cavalry. He states that they were all around Knoxville, and he returned. General Burnside fought Longstreet at Campbell's Station on last Monday, and it is said he had the best of the fight. On the same night he fell back to Knoxville, where he was yesterday morning. My courier states that they were skirmishing all around Knoxville. I fear the general will be starved out, as all the supplies will be cut off from him.

Wheeler's, Dibrell's, and Biffle's commands went up across Little Tennessee River through Blount County. Two officers of Wolfrod's cavalry, who were taken prisoners in Blount County on last Saturday morning, state that they had then in Blount County about from 12,000 to 15,000 mounted men and nine pieces of artillery, and about 20,000 infantry on the north side of Tennessee, under Longstreet. I thought it was my duty to communicate to you, general, as we are now cut off from General Burnside. The last order he gave me was

13 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

