
LOUISVILLE, November 19, 1863.

Maj. Gen. U. S. GRANT:

The following dispatch from General Hurlbut comes around from Saint Louis:

I turned over from this corps a full transportation train to General Sherman, leaving us helpless; we must have the wagons and harness, and ought to have the mules. I am ordered to haul from Hamburg to Corinth, and this will require 250 teams and I have only 90.

This comes in a dispatch to Colonel Myers. I ordered fifty wagons and harness to be sent as you directed. Shall I send more? Wagons are getting scarce.

R. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

CHATTANOOGA, November 19, 1863.

(Received 22d.)

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

If you have given up a portion of the road to Corinth, cannot a large portion of the rolling-stock be shipped to Nashville? Send all you can and as rapidly as possible. If not indispensable to the service to retain it, send the rolling-stock used from Columbus and Paducah. It is almost impossible to get sufficient to supply this army. I have directed General Allen to send you wagons and harness and what mules he can; it is becoming almost impossible to supply animals and transportation as fast as called for.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[NOVEMBER 19, 1863.]

General DODGE,

Pulaski:

Yours of 16th received. I have asked General Grant to give you the command of everybody from Nashville to Decatur, that all may work to advantage on that road, in which case have good ferry established at Columbia for temporary use. Eastport and Corinth are held by us. Gun-boats and transports are on the Tennessee. It would be well for you to send a mounted regiment to Eastport. Your camp equipage could be hauled to Hamburg and brought round to Nashville in a light-draught boat. You may order it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Corinth, Miss., November 19, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Comdg. Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee:

GENERAL: Major-General Grant informed me at the city of Memphis, when en route for Cairo, that I was to relieve General Carr, thereby giving me the command to which Brigadier-General Dodge,

