
the corn you speak of, which is very much needed here to furnish forage for the animals.

With regard to the trade and speculation going on in cotton, you will positively prohibit all persons from engaging in it unless they have the necessary permit the United States Treasury agents, or proper military authority, which permits they must be required to produce in all cases.

No articles of prime necessity to the rebels, nor articles contraband of war, will be permitted to pass through your lines; nothing except necessary family or plantation supplies in limited quantities, and which have been obtained on regular permits.

With regard to letters of protection from General Reid and others, when you are satisfied the parties having them are disloyal, or that they have been obtained under false pretenses, you can disregard them.

You will, as far as possible, make yourself familiar with the character and sentiments of the people in your jurisdiction,and extend to all those who are loyal all the protection you can consistent with your military duties. Those who are disloyal merit no protection at our hands except what humanity and the laws of civilized warfare dictate, and they should be made to bow before the storm which they have been instrumental in raising.

Proper receipts should be given, approved by you, in all cases for property taken for military purposes.

No persons are allowed, by existing orders, to purchase cotton south of Helena, Ark. Major-General Grant's Order, No. 57, is still in force, and all "well-disposed" persons can avail themselves of its provisions.

The class of persons you speak of, who are within your jurisdiction, and who are trying to evade the regulation and orders and to carry on a contraband trade, will be at once arrested and sent out of the department.

Report to me of then and keep me fully advised of everything important that occurs.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., November 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN GUN-BOAT LOUISVILLE, Grand Gulf:

CAPTAIN: It is reported that 300 rebels are crossing the Mississippi from the east to the west bank, between Grand Gulf and Rodney,and more are intending to cross. Will you please ascertain whether this is so, and if true, stop them if possible and destroy their means of crossing. It is possible the may be crossing over for the purpose of collecting recruits in the vicinity of the town of Sait Joseph, as I understand there are a good many disloyal people in that section.

At Saint Joseph there is a lawyer by the name of Arrone, a foreigner, who is on his parole. I understand he is taking quite in active part against us, notwithstanding his parole. If this should prove true, he ought to be arrested.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

