
approaching their position. They will have every approach, road, trail, or by-path examined, picketed, and guarded. You will fix for them the portion of the line over which they will be responsible for the safety and protection of the trains, and require them to care for and guard them therein. They will be required to sketch and send in sketches of their positions, with all the roads and approaches laid down. Wherever any forage is to be found in the country, it may be taken in proper form Government use.

These instructions are forwarded to you under the impression that these detachments or brigades are all of your division. If this is erroneous, please inform me and have these instructions forwarded, as per order, to such of the troops as are not in your immediate command. The commanding officers at Bridgeport and Shellmound will be held responsible for the safety and protection of the bridge-heads. A regiment of General Geary's command is at Wauhatchie.

The portion of the Second Kentucky and Fourth Indiana Cavalry under Colonel Nicholas have been directed to proceed in front of the line, and to be stationed at or near Trenton [the force is but about 250 strong] to watch the movements of the enemy and report here and to your commands at Shellmound and Bridgeport. After to-morrow it will probably be safe to send single couriers by Whiteside's and Wauhatchie. You will direct your commands to use every possible exertion to get information of the enemy's movements and send it in.

If an opportunity occurs to attack the enemy to your advantage, do so without waiting for orders. Especially endeavor to capture his pickets or small detached forces if possible.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

TULLAHOMA, November 2, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Lieutenant Muhlenberg telegraphs that his horses at Stevenson are dying for want of forage. I have telegraphed Whittelsey at Nashville, but some higher influence is needed to get transportation for this command. I cannot get ammunition sent down.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, November 2, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

I have telegraphed Muhlenberg to seize teams and forage in the country and to send to Bridgeport. Colonel Innes telegraphed me he would have guns down three days ago. I have asked to-day for a report, but have not received it. Think guns have gone down. I shall go down myself to-morrow over whole line.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

