HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

I have the honor to recommend to favorable consideration the following-named officers of this army, and respectfully urge their promotion for the following reasons:

Brig. General W. F. Smith, for the industry and enemy displayed by him from the time of his first reporting for duty at these headquarters; in organizing the engineer department, and for his skillful execution of the movements at Brown's Ferry, Tennessee, on the night of October 26, 1863, in surprising the enemy and throwing a pontoon bridge across the Tennessee at that point-a vitally important service necessary to the opening of communication between Bridgeport and Chattanooga.

Brig. General J. M. Brannan, for general efficiency while in command of the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in maintaining discipline in his command, and of the skillful handling of his division at Hoover's Gap, June 26, 1863; in front of Tullahoma, September 19 and 20, 1863, as well as for his individual courage and coolness exhibited on those occasions.

Brig. General Thomas J. Wood, for ability displayed in the handling of his division at the battle of Chickamauga on the afternoon of the 20th September, and for his personal gallantry on that occasion. General Wood is also an excellent disciplinarian, always careful in anticipating the wants of his command, and strict in preserving good order and efficiency.

Brig. General R. W. Johnson, for gallantry and efficiency in the handling of his division at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20. Also for efficiency and energy in maintaining discipline and looking after the welfare of his command at all times.

Brig. General A. Baird, for gallantry and good conduct at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20; and for the able manner in which he had conducted the operations of his division from the crossing of the Tennessee River till the present time. General Baird assumed command of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, August 24, 1863, gaining in a very short time the entire confidence of the division by his judicious and considerate administration of the duties of a division commander.

Brig. General James B. Steedman, for efficiency and intelligence displayed whilst in command of a brigade of the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, and for gallantry and good conduct in the battle of Chickamauga.

Brig. General J. B. Turchin and W. B. Hazen, and Colonel T. R. Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Infantry, for gallantry and skillful conduct displayed by them in the battle of Chickamauga and in the operations at Brown's Ferry, Tennessee, on the night of October 26, 1863. All three of these officers are distinguished as tacticians and disciplinarians.

Brig. General John Beatty and W. C. Whitaker, for the gallant and obstinate defense made by them in the battle of Chickamauga against overwhelming numbers of the enemy.

Brig. General August Willich, for gallantry and efficiency in the battle of Chickamauga, "where he most nobly sustained his reputation as a soldier."

