
Colonel B. F. Scribner, Thirty-eighth Indiana, and Colonel F. Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio, for efficiency as brigade commanders in looking after and supplying the wants of their brigades; for ability and skill displayed in the handling of their commands at Hoover's Gap, June 26, 1863; and in front of Tullahoma, June 28, 29, 30, and July 1, 1863; and for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20.

Colonel J. T. Croxton, Fourth Kentucky Infantry, for great coolness and gallantry displayed in the battle of Mill Springs whilst lieutenant-colonel of the Fourth Kentucky, and as brigade commander at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20, on which latter day, although severely wounded, would not give up the command of his brigade until so completely exhausted he was unable to sit up; also for his eminent patriotism in resisting the surrounding influences brought to bear to seduce him from his allegiance to the Government at the commencement of the rebellion. Colonel Croxton was among the first of the citizens of Kentucky to declare his determination to uphold the Constitution of the United States under all circumstances, and to devote his time and energies to the recruiting and organization of the troops in Kentucky.

Colonel Gustave Kammerling, Ninth Ohio Infantry, as lieutenant-colonel, commanding the Ninth Ohio at the battle of Mill Springs, at the head of his regiment "charged the enemy's left with bayonets fixed, turned their flank, and drove them from the field;" and, again, at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19, he led the Ninth Ohio in a charge upon an advancing column of the enemy, "retaking Battery H, Fifth U. S. Artillery, at the point of the bayonet." Colonel Kammerling commands one of the best regiments in the service, the efficiency of which is due to his energy and capacity as a commander.

Colonel C. C. Harker, Sixty-fifth Ohio, for great gallantry in repelling an overwhelming attack of the enemy at the battle of Chickamauga, September 20, and holding his ground against heavy odds until re-enforcements arrived; also for efficiency as a brigade commander in looking after and supplying the wants of his command.

Colonel Daniel McCook, Fifty-second Ohio, for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Chickamauga, September 19 and 20, when he commanded a brigade of the Reserve Corps, and being posted in an important position on the afternoon of September 20, "kept a large force of the enemy's cavalry at bay whilst hovering on our left flank, and with his battery materially aided Turchin's handsome charge on the enemy, who had closed in on our left."

Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, Ninth Michigan, for his ability and efficiency as provost-marshall of the Fourteenth Army Corps, in reorganizing troops at the battles of Stone's River and Chickamauga; also for his executive capacities as a commander.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,November 20, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel ASMUSSEN,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: From Tyndale's Hill, where I am at present, I can distinctly see the pickets of the enemy on the right of the railroad (south

