
side). They have withdrawn to a road running up the mountain obliquely. Their camps, those which we have seen for many days, are still there. I can see the tents and the men walking among them. On the left of the railroad (north side) their sentinels are still ont he creek. I saw the relief walking along the line a few moments ago. The road above mentioned runs from the base of the mountain up to the camp. It is covered by a rifle-pit.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 20, 1863.

General J. M. PALMER,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps:

General Sherman is not up; no movement to-morrow.

By command of General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Bridgeport, Ala., November 20, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Major J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR:The day has been quiet except the excitement occasioned by the passing of troops to the front. The last division (General Woods') of General Sherman's command has crossed the river, and has marched to camp a short distance up the road. The transportation of Generals J. E. Smith and Morgan L. Smith's divisions reached Whiteside's this evening, and has camped there. Both columns are beyond that point. I can probably start the portion of this division that is under marching orders on Sunday morning, and report it to Major-General Hooker by the evening of that day, unless you prefer it to lie still on Sunday, in which case by Monday evening. Lieutenant Russell reports this p.m. at Whiteside's with Battery M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, en route for these headquarters. He reports his horses broken down. I shall make an effort to bring down the guns by rail to-morrow, and let the teams be led. The occupancy of the road by General Sherman's trains will make it difficult to get the guns forward by wagon road. Two hundred bushels of coal (of good quality for steam-boat use) was hauled down from the Alpine mines to-day. Mr. Warren must furnish a coarser coal before it is right for furnace uses. Major-General Stanley has not returned from the rear, nor do I know where he can be reached by telegraph. He will doubtless be here to-morrow. A copy of dispatch, forwarded by telegraph direct to Major-General Reynolds this evening, acknowledging his dispatch to Major-General Stanley, is inclosed. Constant labor on the division is rendering it daily better off in defensive works, repairing roads, &c. I am furnishing continually heavy details from the brigade here, also, for work on the railway turnouts on north side.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

