
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Whiteside's, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

Colonel STARLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: A Miss Reed that left here on Tuesday for Lookout Mountain with a pass from Major-General Thomas returned this evening. She confirms the story of the two deserters of yesterday,that Wauhatchie trace, Powell's trace, and Nickajack trace are all picketed with one regiment (she says in command of Colonel Butler), and that General Stevenson came late last evening to a house at the head of Powell's trace and took the house for his headquarters. He is a division commander in Hardee's corps. With trouble she got from them, and down the mountain at 9 this morning. She says they are looking for us to advance, and the men say they will have to leave the mountain again. The rebels took her horse and she returned on foot. I sent her to her sister's, 5 miles, on the river. She says she is to report to General Thomas. Two of General Sherman's divisions have passed, leaving their rear and heavy trains here to-night. I hear, but not certain, that another division of his is to pass yet. I will inform you. Nothing further of interest. We are ready to move.

Your obedient servant,

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] MURFREESBOROUGH, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

SOLDIERS OF THE CAVALRY COMMAND:In parting with you, your late commander takes occasion to express his regrets that the changes of service should separate his fortunes from your own. For a year we have served together most pleasantly, and I am happy to congratulate the cavalry upon their achievements in that time. My poor efforts to render you efficient have been zealously seconded by both officers and men. As to our success, the testimony of our enemies is the more flattering to us, it being forced from them. They now admit you are dangerous, and have left material proof of it upon many a field. Though separated from you, I shall serve in the same army with you, and shall always watch your course with confident pride. I leave you commanded by brave and experienced officers. Give to them the same confidence and cheerful obedience you have given me, and your success and glory is assured.

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General.

