
on the left report movements of artillery or wagons on the hills last night on the opposite side of the river. The enemy are just now reported to be forming line of battle on the right of the fort. I have just discovered that instead of the enemy forming line of battle, they are relieving their pickets.

I have the honor to be, captain, &amp;c.,

D. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

E. FERRERO,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, November 20, 1863.

Brig. General E. H. HOBSON,

Louisville, Ky.:

I am ready and will start at once with two pieces of artillery and 180 mounted men for Cumberland River. Hamilton is reported 20 miles from here, robbing every house. Said to have from 225 to 400 men. Balance of Fiftieth [Ohio] Regiment from Gallatin just reached this place.

S. A. STRICKLAND,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

Major R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Tennessee:

I herewith inclose a copy of dispatch taken from one of Bragg's spies. He had a heavy mail, papers, &c., and Captain Coleman is pretty well posted. I think I will have him in a day or two. We have broken up several bands of mounted robbers and Confederate cavalry in the last week, capturing some 5 commissioned officers and 100 enlisted men,which have been forwarded. I also forward a few of the most important letters found in the mail. The tooth-brushes and blank-books I was greatly in need of, and therefore appropriate them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

IN FRONT OF CHATTANOOGA, November 11, 1863.

MY DEAR NANNIE:I have written over and over and still receive no reply. Don't know whether you ever received any of my letters or not. The "underground mail" is so uncertain, perhaps you never received any of them. I would keep you pretty well posted if all my letters reached you. As it is, I would have to reiterate a great deal to keep you well informed as to passing events. Nothing direct have I heard from you since June; however, I hear indirectly occasionally. I am well at present with exception of cold. We still occupy our same position since the battle of Chickamauga.

