
Don't know how long we will remain here. There is a move going on in East Tennessee which may materially change affairs in a few days, unless the enemy is re-enforced sufficiently to give us battle. General Longstreet will operate from this way,while General Jones will co-operate with him from beyond Knoxville. Here I will give you a little news; perhaps you may hear of it before this reaches you, or get the Yankee accounts of it. General Jones captured, a day or two ago, 850 Yankees, 1,000 head of mules and horses, and 150 wagons. (This is official.) I am fearful the enemy has been so heavily re-enforced we will be unable to gain and hold any permanent foot-hold in Tennessee. My opinion is we will fall back as soon as Sherman with his re-enforcements reaches Chattanooga. We have been re-enforced since the battle, but not near so much as the Yanks. I am sorry to say there is a want of harmony among our generals at present and ever since the battle. All are down on Bragg; want him removed. I can see for no other cause than to be promoted themselves. I am no part of a general, nor a judge of one; do not consider Bragg a No. 1 general, but think he is the best in this department. Generals D. H. Hill and Polk have been relieved of command since the battle, also General Cheatham. I understand General B. R. Johnson is made a major-general and will command Cheatham's division. General Breckinridge commands Hill's corps and Hardee commands Polk's corps. I went up on the point of Lookout Mountain yesterday to take a view of both armies and the surrounding country. It was the most sublime scene I ever witnessed; could see the whole Yankee army and ours almost at the same sight. My eyes had not grown weary of such a magnificent sight when we were greeted by a shell from a Yankee battery on Moccasin Point, just across the river. They shelled our battery on the Lookout Point about one hour. They soon shelled my old friend Alf. Davis and myself off the point. I remarked to him when he heard the whistle of a shell, did he not love to hug the ground better than his wife? He replied, "them things" would make any one get down on the ground. Dan. White was sent from the hospital near the battle-field a day or two ago, the first time he has been moved since wounded. He went to Ringgold, Ga. He had not improved much; was perfectly helpless. It will be a long while, if ever, before he will be well. Low Weakly died at Atlanta, in hospital, from a wound received in the knee in the late battle. He died on the 23rd of October. Ferril Edwards left us a week or so ago. I except he is at home ere this.

It seems all the Middle Tennesseeans are going to desert. Have you made my clothes yet? You must make them a great deal larger than any you have ever made me, for tight clothes don't last. Have my overcoat cut military style, to come below the knee, and cape as long as the arm; frock some larger and longer than the jeans one you had made last fall; and pants a good deal larger in the body and leg than my old pattern; boots, No. 10. You must have my clothes ready to send at any time-you may have an opportunity when least expected. Send them as soon as you can, for I am nearly out of clothing and barefooted. Vi W. is well. I understood the Yanks had taken your riding animal, which I was sorry to hear; I thought so much of her. Do not let them get my old filly and colt. Tell old Gabe, I will "walk his log," if he gets too intimate with them Yanks when I come home. Will Shelton said he thought Frank had come home. Colonel S., Jimmie R., and all the boys well. The army is

14 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

