
is they will move forward soon some way. Their wagon train has returned from N. Davis tells me the line is in order to Somerville. I send this by one of my men to that place. The dispatches sent you on the 9th, with paper of 7th, reached Decatur on the 10th at 9 p.m. Citizens were reading the papers next morning after breakfast. I do not think the major will do to forward them from reports.

I am, with high regard,

E. COLEMAN,

Captain.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

Brig. General T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps:

It is reported that a part of Cooper's forces are on Big Creek, and contemplate an attack on the force at the mill, 4 miles from here. Have them notified, and have them make such defenses as will at all times protect them from sudden cavalry attack. If they defend properly, there is not rebel force anywhere in this part of the country to affect them. Give them strict instructions.

By order of Brig. General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

Brig. General J. C. VEATCH,

Commanding District of Memphis, Memphis, Tennessee:

GENERAL: The general commanding corps directs that every man of the Fifteenth Army Corps fit for duty, now at Memphis, be sent forward to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LA GRANGE, November 20, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I suppose you have received dispatch from General Stevenson informing you that Forrest is on the move north now. I am in the very situation that I have feared for several days; that is, I have no cavalry that I can use, it all having been ordered away from me, without informing me what direction they were going. I suppose a part of them to be down toward Ripley and Salem, and part at Somerville, but I don't know certain. They said they were acting under your orders, and were not under my command at all, which I suppose is the fact. You spoke in a former telegram of those at

