
in Knoxville. At any rate, we have no communication with him. The President feels very anxious that some immediate movement should be made for his relief. You, however, as fully understand the exigencies of the case as any here possibly can. Longstreet's force may be larger than was supposed.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 21, 1863-8 p.m. (Received 3 a.m., 22d.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I ordered an attack here two weeks ago, but it was impossible to move artillery. Now Thomas' chief of artillery says he has to borrow teams from Sherman to move a portion of his artillery to where it is to be used. Sherman has used almost superhuman effort to get up even at this time, and his force is really the only one that I can move. Thomas can take about one gun to each battery, and can go as far with his infantry as his men can carry rations to keep them and bring them back. I have never felt such restlessness before as I have at the fixed and immovable condition of the Army of the Cumberland. General Meigs states that the loss of animals here will exceed 10,000. Those left are scarcely able to carry themselves.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, November 21, 1863.

Captain MERRILL:

The enemy has thrown up earth-works from the left of Craven's house on Lookout Mountain extending to the right and nearly across the field. It appears to be between one-quarter and one-half mile long. A considerable number are now working on the right end; all within easy range of Moccasin batteries.

SAMUEL BACHTELL,Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Coldwater Ford, November 21, 1863-9 a.m.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: Everything is very quiet here. The enemy show but a few cavalry pickets along the river this morning. General Morgan reported with two regiments of his command last night at this place. Beatty and McCook are still in camp, with orders to hold themselves in readiness to move at a moment's notice. All three of my batteries are here. I have placed my troops in rear of this position, with orders to keep themselves concealed from view, &amp;c.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

