HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, November 21, 1863.

Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,Asst. Adjt. Gen., Fourth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Scouts sent to-day beyond the coal-banks on Island Creek and to Johnson's Crook find the enemy only send occasional scouts this direction. Deserter from Colonel Grose at Whiteside's reports one division rebels on Lookout Mountain, picketing as high up as Nickajack trace. One regiment at that pass. General Cruft left to-day, Osterhaus' division to-night occupying the road between Shellmound and Whiteside's. Cruft's force will only get started from Whiteside's to-morrow owing to obstructions from Sherman's trains. Please send authority for Lieutenant-Colonel Hurd, Second Kentucky, to go to Nashville to bring the overcoats and blankets of the First Brigade and return at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS, November 21, 1863.

Major-General BUTTERFIELD,Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Eleventh and Twelfth Corps:

GENERAL: Scouts sent to Trenton report General Ewing's division on the march from there here; also the train of General Sherman's corps, one division of the same corps following on the Whiteside's road. Part of General Ewing's troops took possession of Johnson's Crook yesterday morning, but retired again in the evening. The scouts found the enemy's picket at Nickajack trace. Picket from Davis's Mill had been withdrawn. No change reported as to the force on Lookout Mountain. General Walthall's brigade is doing picket duty in front of our line. Two deserters from that brigade report the brigade encamped near the white house half-line yesterday, moving on his left wing at the foot of Lookout Mountain. The deserters say that this was done to prevent the desertion of rebel soldiers.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 21, 1863-10.30 p.m.

Brig. General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Murfreesborough:

Caution your forces to be on the lookout toward Sparta for the possibility of an enemy from the direction of Burnside.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

