
CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1863.

Brig. General G. M. DODGE,

Pulaski, Tennessee:

Put all the force you can at work repairing railroad. Impress negroes for all the work you want from them. I will send a superintendent as soon as I can.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

Maj. General U. S. GRANT,

Chattanooga:

I have heavy details at work on all bridges from Elk River to Columbia, and am using every tool in the country. Between Columbia and end of railroad is Duck River, a very important work, and nine other bridges out. A pioneer corps is stationed at Smith's Station, but have no orders, and last I heard from them were doing nothing. I have tried to find some one who had authority to set them to work. They should be at work on bridges up to and including Duck River. I will have my work done before that is, and then move south and build to Decatur. I hold the road to that point now.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 73. Pulaski, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

When a country is occupied by a military force, it is a violation of the laws of war for the inhabitants to convey any information or give any aid or benefit to the enemy. Therefore, it is hereby ordered:

1. That any person who conveys to the enemy any information detrimental to the United States Government, either by letter or by word, or in any other way whatever, will be treated as a spy.

2. The sending of any clothing, provisions, stock, &amp;c., inside of the rebel lines, to any person or party of the rebel army is strictly prohibited.

3. The sending of any letter to the rebel lines without the permission of the provost-marshal is strictly prohibited.

4. All persons are prohibited from entering the rebel lines except upon permission of the provost-marshall.

Any citizen guilty of the above acts, or of giving aid or comfort to the enemy in any way, will be swiftly punished to the utmost extent of the law, his property seized and appropriated to the United States Government, and his family sent south of the Tennessee River.

By order of Brig. General G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

