
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 21, 1863.

Comdg. General, Dept. of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of reference from you of a letter with inclosures addressed by Brig. General J. T. Boyle to the assistant adjutant-general of the Department of the Ohio, on the subject of robberies committed by rebel marauders upon the stores and farms of loyal men in the State of Kentucky, in which reference you recommend that authority be granted by the Secretary of War to General Boyle to levy assessments in such cases on the disloyal for the indemnity of the loyal. In reply the Secretary of War directs me to inform you that the letter of General Boyle, with his inclosures, has been referred to Major-General Grant, commanding the Division of the Mississippi, for such action as he may deem proper and necessary, it being considered the most appropriate course to submit such matters to the control of the commanding general of the military division in which they occur.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, November 21, 1863.

Maj. General U. S. GRANT:

Am I to understand that the communication by rail from Memphis to Corinth is closed? Should the wagons and mules for General Hurlbut be sent to Hamburg?

R. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1863.

Brig. General ROBERT ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

Wagons and mules going to Hurlbut at the present time had better go to Memphis. That is where most of them will be wanted. I do not know the exact condition of the road between Memphis and Corinth. Hurlbut telegraphed me that the road had been cut, and in pursuance of previous instructions from General Sherman, department commander, he had ordered garrisons on the road between Corinth and Grand Junction, and Corinth must be supplied from Hamburg Landing. Also, that they were out of forage, but had plenty of rations. Subsequently, he informed me the roads were running, and all quiet in his command. I directed him to require his chief commissary and quartermaster to call direct for what they want.

U. S. GRANT.

SAINT LOUIS, November 21, 1863.

General U. S. GRANT:

There are at Eastport on steamer some 500,000 rations. Shall they be burned* there or sent to Nashville?

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel and Chief Commissary.

---------------

*So in dispatch received by Grant. Original not found, but it probably read "landed."

---------------

