
GRAND GUARD, SECOND BRIGADE, November 22, 1863-10 a.m.

General W. B. HAZEN:

GENERAL: There is a general movement perceptible in our immediate front. Three columns are visible moving up Missionary Ridge on three different roads. One column is followed by a train of about fifteen wagons. I should think the columns consisted of at least a brigade of 1,000 men each. They may be going only into position behind the crest of the ridge. Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon had two deserters who came in last night. My men say the deserters said they were expecting us to attack them yesterday morning; that they had 100 rounds of ammunition issued to each man, and slept with their accouterments on.

Your obedient servant,

AQUILA WILEY,

Colonel Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, Brigade Officer of Picket.

PULASKI, November 22, 1863. (Via Columbia, 23d.)

Maj. General W. T. SHERMAN:

There is no doubt but what an extensive raid is being fitted out at Okolona under supervision of Forrest. It will consist of four brigades, and I think from what I can learn that it is intended for West Tennessee and Kentucky. The Tennessee River is now fordable at three points. A brigade or two mounted could cross and take all the rebel force on the south side. I learn that a mounted force (Wilder's brigade) is at Mooresville, near Decatur,and that another pounted division is on the way there. My mounted regiment at tehens could pilot them if the move was considered desirable.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, November 22, 1863.

Colonel M. M. BANE,

Comdg. Third Brigade, Second Division, Lynnville:

A regiment or two, some 300 or 400 strong, went north toward Mount Pleasant to-day. They turned off this side of Lawrenceburg about 3 miles, and no doubt intend mischief. Get Sheldon out after them.

Notify Mizner at Columbia, and request him to notify my train. The Tennessee River is now fordable, and this is a part of Roddey's command. It is said he has more troops in Wayne County. We must not let them reach our wagon train or railroad.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

