
Vicksburg to Alabama or as far in that direction as practicable, so as to compel the enemy to detach forces to oppose you, or, failing to do so, leave his rear exposed to attack from you.

Owing to the difficulties of getting forward supplies and the poverty of the animals, a forward movement from here, before spring, is exceedingly problematical. General Sherman's advance was at Florence on the 30th ultimo. He is expected to reach Stevenson by the last of this week or first of next. The information latest from the enemy would indicate they were moving their divisions east from here to Cleveland, one of which is known to be there, under General Stevenson. This may be with a view of attacking Burnside, or it may be to watch and prevent him from moving to the south of the Tennessee River. We have hopes on General Sherman's arrival to be able to drive the enemy from our immediate front here and getting possession of Lookout Mountain. This, with little repairs, would give us the railroad to this place, and also uninterrupted use of the river.

Anything else that may be of interest, Captain Gile, who will be the bearer of this, can communicate to you.

JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, November 2, 1863.

Colonel J. B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 27th ultimo, with regard to recruiting in Missouri. The generals commanding the several departments composing my command have been instructed to furnish the details requested.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, November 2, 1863-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General SANDERS:

Your dispatches of yesterday and to-day received. The commanding general does not think it advisable for you to move at present to Morganton. He desires that you send scouting parties out well to your front and capture, if possible, any small bands of rebels that may be found on this side of the Little Tennessee. It appears that there are several fords and ferries on the Little Tennessee, and therefore it would not be well to move your main body to the river until we are prepared to cross and hold the opposite bank.

Has Colonel Wolford been able to purchase any horses?

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

