
NASHVILLE, November 22, 1863.

Maj. General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have to report that owing to the frequent accidents we met during the past two weeks I have been unable to take forward supplies as fast as I expected. The engines generally were so completely run down that they could not be depended on, and several have been disabled by running off the track. Those that could be repaired in the shortest time have been placed in shop and worked on day and night. I except during this week to get three of them out and into service. The engines purchased by order of War Department are now beginning to come forward (four being now on the way),and will be put into service as fast as transportation can be supplied. Thirty-one new engines in all are to be ready for shipment between the present time and the last of December. We have cars enough to do the work required. The track was so badly out of repair that I have been compelled to withdraw two engines from the supply trains to distribute ties and material for repairs. The track is being improved, but much remains to be done. One thousand tons of railroad iron have been shipped from Washington by order of Quartermaster-General M. C. Meigs. Two boat-loads have already been forwarded from Parkersburg to this point. This iron will be placed in the track as fast as possible, and the iron taken up used for repairs. I write this to show the reasons for my failure to get forward supplies faster, and to enable you and the general commanding to form some opinion of the prospect for the future.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. B. ANDERSON,

General Railroad Manager.

NASHVILLE, November 22, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch is received. L. B. Boomer has contracted to build the brigades to Decatur Junction and expects to build the work. He is the only builder who could procure the timber. Shall I notify him that you will not approve the contract with him? Do you propose to make a separate organization to work the Nashville and Decatur Railroad, and am I to understand your dispatch as relieving me in so far from the duty to which I was appointed by the War Department under date October 19, 1863?

J. B. ANDERSON,

General Manager.

CAIRO, November 22, 1863.

Maj. General W. T. SHERMAN:

Major-General Logan and staff passed up the Cumberland on steamer Des Moines yesterday morning. All quiet below.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General.

