
WASHINGTON, November 23, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

The Secretary of War suggests that you should go immediately to Cumberland Gap. Please answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 30. In the Field, November 23, 1863.

Captain John A. Morris, assistant quartermaster, is hereby appointed chief quartermaster Army of the Ohio in the field, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, November 23, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Steele has sent me two regiments, and does not intend to send any more. Tuttle's division can be moved to Eastport, but it will take every spare man from this road if Corinth is held. I must hold the road, and can only hold it with Tuttle's command. If I am authorized to abandon Corinth, I can draw my force to La Grange or Moscow, and be strong enough for the present. The rebels are repairing road to Tupelo, Oxford, and Panola,and we may expect them in force. Iron will be forwarded as fast as we get it; but I have no teams from Corinth to Hamburg, and am informed will get none from Saint Louis. The Fifteenth Corps has all my teams. I will send four or six engines to Nashville, as requested. I have not now 2,500 disposable infantry. My cavalry is now at work. West Tennessee is full of rebel cavalry.

I wish peremptory orders to move Tuttle to Eastport, because it involves of necessity the abandonment of Corinth or its capture if attempted to be held.

As soon as the vessels of the Marine Brigade report they will be sent forward, but they are too deep for the Tennessee, and A. J. Smith has his hands full behind Columbus and Paducah.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, November 23, 1863.

Maj. General W. T. SHERMAN,

Comdg. Department of the Tennessee, Bridgeport, Ala.:

I am in receipt of your letter of November 18, written at Bridgeport. If a fight comes off at Chattanooga and we are not in we shall be sadly disappointed, but take it for granted that it is for the best. Burnside no doubt is fighting before now, as Longstreet and Hill left long ago.

The Tennessee is so low that Roddey fords the river; runs over and back. He has one regiment on this side, near Florence. As

