
soon as I get my regiments mounted I will use him up. As it is, I have to watch all points from Decatur to Florence. It keeps my mounted men busy.

This country is loaded with corn, wheat, fodder, and meat. Not a pound of bread or meat do I draw, but run the mills, gather the stock, and, if you require, I could supply your command from here when cars run with all the forage you need.

I had failed until to-day wake up anybody north of Columbia. I assumed command over that pioneer corps and told it to go to work. My bridges are all well under way, and had I had the tools when I halted here would now be done. I have sent a mounted regiment through to Easport, to be gone eight or ten days. My infantry are so I can concentrate in twelve hours, and I at the same time hold the road from Columbia to Decatur. My troops are very healthy, only 7 really sick men.

I have picked up already stock to refit 350 teams, to remount one and nearly mount two infantry regiments, and have about 300 in corral. I will soon have all my teams driven by negroes, relieving 400 enlisted men. I have heretofore forwarded my prisoners to Nashville; got your order to-night and they will hereafter go to Cairo.

It is not safe to send couriers through to Easport by Florence. I heard of a lieutenant and 5 men going through. I trust they got in, but fear they were taken.

I often hear from Bragg's rear, but the news is eight or ten days old. They are evidently trembling and prepared to fall back. The products collected in Coosa Valley show that. They appear to fear an advance by Grant, by way of Guntersville or Decatur, more than any other way. The rebel forces on south side of the Tennessee are obliged to forage on this side, and we now have got most of their boats and several of their teams.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

UNION CITY, November 23, 1863.

Captain HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus:

I have just received a dispatch from Captain Hencke, who was at Troy this morning. He has reconnoitered the country below, and believes Colonel Bell has 250 men near Rutherford's Station; that Colonel Faulkner has about 400 men near Eaton; and that there are about 100 men at Yorkville. They are conscripting vigorously, and it is believed they intend making a demonstration upon Memphis or Fort Pillow at some day not very distant. Captain Hencke intends moving to-day on Rutherford, and if he finds that they are too strong at that place, he will turn upon Yorkville. His dispatch concludes as follows:

I expect to return to-morrow to Union City. According to my information there is no danger that Union City will be attacked, or that the rebels for the next few days will operate on this side of the Obion.

There is no other news. The fatigue parties have been set at work felling trees this morning.

GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

