
NEAR CHATTANOOGA, November 23, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Eastport:

I want all troops at Eastport, and to arrive, to organize into brigades and a division, to prepare for active service, to keep up communication with Corinth and Pulaski, and to see that no enemy, makes a lodgment at Iuka or Florence. Take corn and forage, and horses, mules, &amp;c., and give owners certificates to be paid for or not, according to their future behavior. There is a small nest of the worst sort of guerrillas back of Savannah that I want killed and their property destroyed. If necessary send their families and household goods to some town on the Ohio River. Eastport hill must be strongly fortified. Make requisitions direct on the chief quartermaster and commissary at Saint Louis and keep three months' provisions on hand. The forage must be collected in the country.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 24, 1863-2.50 p.m.

W. G. BROWNLOW, Barboursville, Ky.:

We understand that Grant is doing all he can to relieve Burnside, and is probably fighting to-day. He has been fully impressed with the necessity of losing no time, and has probably done all within his power.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, November 24, 1863. (Received 2.15 p.m.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following dispatch just received from General Willcox, in command at Cumberland Gap:

Your dispatch, 4.30 a.m., just received, 11 p.m. My scouts in direction of Knowville report fighting going on to-day. The last news from Knoxville itself was contained in dispatch to Captain Anderson, assistant adjutant-general. On the 20th Burnside issued a proclamation to the citizens that he would hold the place. The roads are blockaded 5 miles this side of Knoxville from this direction, with rebels between barricades and city; rebel cavalry outside. A division of Longstreet's corps and the whole of Wheeler's cavalry-said to be a corps-between Knoxville and me. Are you in command? If so, please give orders with regard to line of communications.

I leave for Cumberland Gap to-morrow at daylight.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, Tennessee, November 24, 1863-7 p.m. (Received 4.15 a.m.,25th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Two of my couriers got into Sycamore this noon, having left Knoxville at 4 p.m. yesterday. The town was closely invested on north side of river. Rebel works within 600 yards of ours. Firing from

