HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, November 24, 1863.

General FERRERO:

GENERAL: I expect before you get this Sigfried will have commenced his attack; a possible result might be to cause the enemy to fall back from the ground, on your right front, they have been working on these last two nights, and you ought to be ready to seize it if any such good chance should occur.

Yours,ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Knoxville, Tennessee, November 24, 1863.

Colonel JAMES BIDDLE,

Commanding Sixth Indiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding the corps directs that you prepare your command at once go to Boyd's Ferry, 4 miles above, on the Holston River, and capture or break up a party of rebels reported to be building a raft at that place for the destruction of our pontoon bridge. There is a guide at headquarters Army of the Ohio who will accompany you. You will immediately report there in person for the guide and verbal instructions. Brigadier-General Hascall, commanding Third Division, has been directed to furnish a sufficient detail to relieve your command of picket duty.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. KISE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 31. In the Field, November 24, 1863.

The commanding general has the sad duty of announcing to this army the death of one of the bravest of their number, Brig. General W. P. Sanders.

A life rendered illustrious by a long record of gallantry and devotion to his country, has closed while in the heroic and unflinching performance of duty.

Distinguished always for his self-possession and daring in the field, and in his private eminent for his genial and unselfish nature and the sterling qualities of his character, he has left both as a man and a soldier an untarnished name.

In memory of the honored dead, the fort in front of which he received his fatal wound will be known hereafter as Fort Sanders.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAYSVILLE, November 24, 1863.

General J. J. REYNOLDS:

I have just received a dispatch from my expedition to Deposit. They found no enemy on this side of the river and could hear of but

16 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

