
few on the other side. The citizens there say they heard cannonading Saturday and Sunday in the direction of Whitesburg. On Sunday the rebels cannonaded my men at Decatur, but that could not have been heard at Paint Rock; besides there was no firing on Saturday.

Yours, respectfully,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Maysville, Ala., November 24, 1863.

Colonel W. W. LOWE,

First Brigade:

The commanding-general directs that you hold your command in readiness to move to Huntsville to-morrow morning at 7 o'clock, leaving one regiment at this post. You will make arrangements to take with you the lumber of which the regiments have made their quarters, as they will not be allowed to tear down houses or fences near Huntsville.

You will also make arrangements on arriving at Huntsville for procuring fuel for your command. Burning fences will not be allowed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. MOORE,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel A. O. Miller, Third Brigade, and Lieutenant G. J. Robinson, Chicago Board of Trade Battery.)

MEMPHIS, Tennessee, November 24, 1863. (Received 1 p.m., 26th.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I am informed that Forrest, with about 7,000 men, is at Okolona preparing for a dash into West Tennessee. General Smith, at Columbus, should be re-enforced by three regiments-mounted, if possible-and a good field battery. From that place he can reach a portion of the country which I cannot reach from this road. I will follow Forrest, if he crosses, with all my cavalry and what infantry I can spare.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, November 24, 1863. (Received 29th.)

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga:

Forrest is now at Okolona. He will have, in all, 7.000 men. He will start in a few days to break the line and move into West Tennessee. This I consider reliable and am preparing for it.

My cavalry moves to-morrow toward Okolona, one brigade, and one north. I notify Smith to-day. If Forrest crosses the road I

