
shall throw all the cavalry and some infantry on his track; and I do not think he will get back with the force Smith has at Columbus.

The general-in-chief has ordered Steele to Red River, which, of course, cuts off any further supply from him. I recommend the re-enforcing of General Smith at Columbus by at least three good regiments. His position, with sufficient force, will cover everything north of Jackson, Tennessee, but he has not proper force now.

I have nothing further to report.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, November 24, 1863.

Brig. General A. J. SMITH,

Columbus, Ky.:

I inclose copy of telegram from Corinth. I have telegraphed to General Halleck to re-enforce you with three regiments, mounted if possible, and a good field battery.

I move on Thursday, moving ten regiments of infantry and a battery to Somerville, and separate columns north of the railroad to sweep the country to the Hatchie, assembling again at Somerville. One brigade-three regiments-cavalry move south to Okolona.

If Forrest breaks through, which I cannot help if he is in earnest, I will have him followed. If he does not attack I will throw three regiments from Somerville north of the Hatchie to clear the country and to reach up to you. This will be about Sunday or Monday. Demonstrate with your force about that time and open communications. If they come up to you assume command, if you choose, of the column and make the work thorough.

The Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, 175 men, leave here to-morrow for Columbus.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

CORINTH, November 24, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Major-General Forrest is in person near Okolona in command of all troops in Northern Mississippi. He had delayed his expedition shoeing horses, issuing clothing, &amp;c. The purpose is to occupy Western Tennessee. His force, he estimates, when collected, will amount to at least 7,000.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, November 24, 1863.

General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Since my dispatch this morning my reliable scout from below has arrived with Mobile papers as late as 18th. I will send them by morning train. He reports Major-General Forrest arrived at Okolona yesterday a week ago, immediately countermanded the order to

