
move on Tuesday, and has since been engaged in fitting up his command, shoeing horses, issuing clothing, &amp;c. The force is entirely cavalry and artillery. Stock in fine condition. Ferguson's brigade, estimated at 2,000, is between Verona and Okolona. Richardson, with about 1,000 men, is at Rogers' Cross-Roads, 7 miles west of Okolona; Inge, with 700 men,is at Tupelo; Ham is at Chesterville with small force, operating with Gholson near same place; Chalmers is on Coldwater. The command is to move west,unite with Chalmers, and then move for West Tennessee. The talk among the rebels is they will strike the road at some point west of Pocahontas, scout thinks either at Saulsbury or La Grange, move into West Tennessee, unite with General Bell now in command there, and operate on Salem above. The orders of Walker [?] are for the command to move as soon as filled up. Scout left Tupelo Sunday night; thinks the movement will commence by Wednesday. I learn from scouts north that Newsom;s conscripts and part of his force, about 400 strong, have gone north of this to Tuscumbia for arms and ammunition, with orders to report to General Bragg. Think the information doubtful. Scouts from below say it is common talk in rebel camps that General Bragg is falling back.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

UNION CITY, November 24, 1863.

Captain J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus:

My cavalry has returned. If any large rebel force went from Trenton to Yorkville they dispersed.

I have concurrent testimony to this effect. Stewart has about 400 men; half of them are unarmed. They propose to send a small party against Fort Pillow to draw out a scouting party, when a larger force will try to destroy them. Faulkner is a brigadier-general, and Forrest probably has crossed the Tennessee River with from 800 to 1,000 men. The whole force, say from 2,000 to 2,500 men, expect to meet at Trenton, Thursday, to prepare for another inroad in Kentucky, where they have now sent a small scouting party. I shall have a good man with them, on Thursday, to bring me information.

GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.

CORINTH, MISS., November 24, 1863.

Captain S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

I understand that a brigade of infantry has arrived at Pocahontas to occupy points on the railroad. Please indicate at what point my command will probably be needed, and at what points cavalry can now be dispensed with, in view of a concentration. I am making every effort to get my command equipped. I need 800 horses to properly mount my men.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

