
I telegraph to please decide what line of operations I shall pursue. I have started a courier to General Burnside with your message and sent word to him of the Abingdon expedition.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 32. Knoxville, Tennessee, November 25, 1863.

In accordance with the proclamation of the President of the United States, Thursday, the 26th instant, will, so far as military operations will permit, be observed by this army as a day of thanks-giving for the countless blessings vouchsafed the country and the fruitful successes granted to our arms during the past year.

Especially has this army cause for thankfulness for the divine protection which has so signally shielded us; and let us with grateful hearts offer our prayers for its continuance, assured of the purity of our cause and with a firm reliance on the God of Battles.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 88. November 25, 1863.

* * * * * * *

4. The National Guard of Cocke County are hereby called into active service for thirty days. They will report to Major Randolph.

5. The National Guard of Sevier County are hereby called into active service for thirty days. They will report to Major Inman at Sevierville.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Munfordville, Ky., November 25, 1863.

Colonel S. A. STRICKLAND,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Glasgow, Ky.:

COLONEL: Send 200 men with three days' rations, under command of Major Samuel Martin, Thirty-seventh Kentucky Volunteer Mounted Infantry, to Centre Point via Ray's Cross-Roads, with instructions to scout the country from that point down the Cumberland River below Celina toward Gainesborough, and in the vicinity of La Fayette, Tompkinsville, and other points; he will be instructed to arrest all Federal deserters and kill all rebels found armed and belonging to the commands of rebel Colonels Hamilton, Ferguson, &amp;c. He will ascertain if possible and arrest all citizens

