
Morristown or some other point and be placed in a camp of instruction under efficient field officers. I have heard nothing more from Williams. My apprehensions were based upon information received by General Willcox from a man by name of Spencer, corroborating Burke's statement and the statements of citizens who came into camp here, and also from the fact of the enemy presenting small detachments at different fords, but making no demonstrations on this side of the river.

J. M. SHACKELFORD,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., November 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General REID,

Commanding:

I have just been informed that a large rebel cavalry force is advancing toward Paducah. Please inform Admiral Porter of this report; also telegraph Colonel Hicks, at Paducah. I have not been able to communicate with Union City this morning.

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS, Columbus, Ky., November 2, 1863.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the One hundred and eleventh Illinois left Paducah last night with ample transportation, and 100 rounds of ammunition to the man over and above what was issued. Colonel Martin was restored to and took command of his regiment before leaving.

On the 28th ultimo three companies of the Fifty-eighth Illinois were ordered to Paducah to protect the public property until it could be removed.

There are now four general hospitals at Paducah. Is it the intention of the department they shall remain there after all protection is removed?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, November 2, 1863.

Captain SEMPLE, Louisville:

Colonel Strickland reports rebels concentrating at Mill Creek, Tennessee He thinks from reports of scouts and citizens that they are in stronger force than is generally believed; and from best information believes they are preparing for another raid. I have directed Colonel Strickland to keep scouting parties on the alert. It is of the utmost importance that equipments be forwarded to Lebanon and Glasgow, that troops may be mounted and ready.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

