
that Stephen D. Lee with his command is at Okolona; that the design is to make a raid on Pocahontas and Corinth; that they estimate their forces when united to be about 12,000 men; that they have at Okolona thirteen pieces of artillery; that Roddey's command is to move by Iuka to assist. They are to concentrate at some point south of road, make a feint on the road, make a feint on the road to divert forces from this point, and then make the attack.

I think this statement reliable. I suggest that non-combatant contrabands be immediately removed. I think if it can be done, additional infantry should at once be sent to this garrison.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, November 25, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Corinth, Miss.:

I think your informant is mistaken. Forrest is not a major-general. Lee is at Grenada. Granting that they bring the entire force, it is not over 6,000.

Colonel Mizner is ordered down to-morrow. Direct him to keep frequent communication with you. Inform Tuttle at La Grange of any actual movement. He has orders to move up to you in force if anything occurs. I will relieve you, if attacked, with every spare man.

Communicate with Eastport on any certain intelligence of movements in force. Send in all the non-combatant contrabands.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLUMBUS,Columbus, Ky., November 25, 1863.

Colonel E. H. WOLFE,

Commanding Fort Pillow:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding District of Columbus to inform you that information has been received at these headquarters that Faulkner or Stewart intend making a reconnaissance of the country about Fort Pillow, and drawing out, if possible, a part of your force, and capturing them. This will not probably be undertaken, but I send you the report that you may be on the alert. The general also desires me to state that he cannot at present increase the cavalry force at Fort Pillow, as every available man is needed to protect the working parties in taking up the iron on the Paducah and Hickman Railroad.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, November 26, 1863.

Brig. General JEFF. C. DAVIS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires you to put your column in motion for Graysville at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning.

