HEADQUARTERS, Kingston, November 26, 1863.

General GRANT:

I learn this morning from a reliable source that the rebels are coming up from below to re-enforce Longstreet, who is at this time near Knoxville, if not all around it. I saw a man this morning who is from Loudon, and he says he saw five car-loads arrive at Loudon. He also says they crossed the pontoon bridge and went in the direction of Knoxville. We whipped Wheeler and drove him back. He had with him ten regiments of mounted men and some artillery. We took 18 prisoners. We buried 20 on the ground, and wounded about 40. I learn he has gone back to Knoxville. We can't get any reliable news from General Burnside. I am alarmed for him. I hope all is right. I have no paper nor envelopes.

R. K. BYRD,Colonel, Commanding Post.

P. S.-I sent the steam-boat hull to Chattanooga.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, November 27, 1863.

This has just been received. I respectfully forward. Have ordered Elliott to move to Kingston as rapidly as possible, join Byrd, and fall upon the flanks of the enemy. Will get Granger ready as soon as possible, if you desire he should go.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, November 26, 1863. (Received 30th.)

General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

We outwitted Bragg and drove him off Missionary Ridge. We pursue at once. Keep Tuttle for the present. As soon as we are done here, I will try and come to Eastport, Miss., with our force and strike those fellows who are hanging about Okolona. In the mean time do your best. I want a good organization and command at Eastport to watch Iuka, Florence, and Russelville. I have telegraphed Allen to supply all regiments there full complement of trains and wagons. Don't abandon Corinth, as Halleck thinks it the best permanent stronghold. If we can catch Bragg before he joins Longstreet we will make short work of him, and produce a just effect. I lost heavy in officers yesterday. Fought hard all day for one hill.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

PULASKI, Tennessee, November 26, 1863.

Colonel H. R. MIZNER,

Columbia:

I have a mounted force watching the river from Decatur to Florence. Hear of only one regiment on this side. One of my

