
mounted regiments went through to Eastport three days ago, but have not heard of their meeting any force. You send out west. I will send toward Florence.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, November 26, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Dispatch received, and agrees with my instructions heretofore given.

All quiet on river. Have got working parties on thirteen bridges. Do you know where I could get a small pontoon bridge? Am told there are some idle ones in Department of the Cumberland. If I had them I could put one over Duck River and one over Elk River, which would save my building.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, November 27, 1863.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

The Secretary of War is absent and the President is sick, but both receive your dispatches regularly and esteem them highly, not merely because they are reliable, but for their clearness of narrative and their graphic pictures of the stirring events they describe.

The patient endurance and spirited valor exhibited by commanders and men in the last great feat of arms, which has crowned our cause with such a glorious success, is making all of us hero worshipers.

P. H. WATSON,

Acting Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 27, 1863-1 p.m. (Received 2 p.m.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Several prisoners state that Longstreet was ordered back from Knoxville the first or second day of the fight. It is positively known, both from citizens and prisoners, that Buckner was ordered to the support of Longstreet, and that one train-load left the first day of battle, and more were just ready to start when the battle commenced. These troops were all brought back and participated in the defeat. Granger will be all ready to start for Knoxville this evening, and will go unless it is positively learned that Longstreet has fled.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, November 27, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

No news from Knoxville for several days. If Longstreet should be cut off from Bragg and forced to leave Knoxville, he will probably retreat into Western Virginia, to threaten East Tennessee on

