
a move in direction of Kingston. I suggest orders to General Crook and Colonel Watkins direct, and notify me where to join or overtake.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 27, 1863.

Brig. General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Murfreesborough:

Move with what cavalry you have with you to Kingston, taking up Colonel Byrd at that place, thence south in the direction of Athens, seeking the enemy and harassing him as much as possible when found. If you cannot find him report to General Burnside at Knoxville. More definite instructions cannot be given you at this time. Crook will probably be sent south.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, November 27, 1863.

General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

My scouts met those from Burnside on Flint Ridge. Lieutenant-Colonel Brownlow, with detachment from First East Tennessee and Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry, attacked and routed the rebel Colonel Murray yesterday at Sparta, killing 1, wounding 2, and capturing 10, including a lieutenant of Champ Ferguson's, capturing several horses, some arms, and destroying ammunition. Caney Fork is not fordable.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry.

NASHVILLE, November 27, 1863.

Maj. General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch just received from commander of post at Columbia, Tennessee:

All quiet. I have reliable information that Wheeler is crossing the Tennessee River with his whole force to sweep through this country. You can judge of my information. On Monday last a courier from General Wheeler reached Colonel Cooper, commanding 300 men to remain north of Duck River and watch my movements; that he must act under orders of General Roddey, who would be near Lawrenceburg with 3,000 men; that he (Wheeler) would soon be with him with his whole force. The dispatch by courier was read by a gentleman who mentioned it to a lady friend who lives 4 miles east. That lady came to tell me this morning. She is loyal to the core. It seems plausible. I know Roddey to be near Lawrenceburg. I will send 100 men with Spencer rifles to-night to try and find Cooper. I will scout the roads and watch for attack. I suppose our cavalry and mounted infantry upon mail lines should be advised. I do not know exact point at which Wheeler is crossing; I suppose at Florence. The river is fordable. I have advised General Dodge at Pulaski.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

