
Tennessee against the latter. If he should not retreat into Western Virginia, he will be cut off. It is reported from Chattanooga that Bragg, in the first day's battle, ordered him to return. If so, Knoxville is already relieved. If not, it soon will be.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO, November 27, 1863.

General POTTER:

I feel confident from the information I have received from various sources and from indications in the movements of the enemy, that some important movement is on foot to-night. I wish that unusual vigilance be displayed to-night by both officers and men in the trenches and that early notice be given me of any movement.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS, November 27, 1863.

General SHACKELFORD:

No time should be lost in carrying on the withdrawal. The new position should be made tenable as soon as possible, the summit prepared for artillery, the section now on Cameron's Knob placed there, and vistas cut; first, commanding the rocky crest; second, sweeping the backbone of the ridge. Conceal the movement if possible and hold the present skirmish-line. It is intended that the main ridge now occupied by you should be held as long as it can be without a general engagement. Running a short line of rifle-pits across the neck now occupied by Colonel Hurt close up to Cameron's Knob, would seem to be advisable if it will not interfere with the work on the main heights. A reconnaissance should be made at once for a sheltered road from the railroad valley up to the summit of the new position. Please report at once the number of men you require to hold the new position, keeping your present skirmish-line. The contraction of line should enable you to spare a sufficient force to occupy the Sevierville hill, and re-enforce the garrisons of the forts. The rocky crest bears about the same relation to your main ridge as Wolford's Hill, and similar action should be taken in regard to the troops holding that. Colonel Babcock and Captain Poe will be over to-day to make reconnaissance for forts on the Sevierville hill.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 90. November 27, 1863.

I. The National Guard of Scott, Morgan, and Campbell Counties are hereby called into active service for thirty days, and will report to Captain Reynolds at Kingston, Tennessee

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

