
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Knoxville, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

The troops of this command will stand to arms at 5.30 o'clock to-morrow morning, and remain in line of battle until 8 o'clock. The infantry will occupy the trenches. It is especially enjoined that all officers be and remain at their posts of duty. From certain indications it is believed that the enemy will make some important offensive movement early to-morrow morning or during the day, and it is expected that officers and soldiers will be prepared for any exigency which may arise. The troops will be held in readiness to move at short notice at any time to-night or to-morrow.

By command of Brigadier-General Manson:

R. C. KISE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, November 27, 1863.

Brig. General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please inform me if any orders have been issued in relation to the building of the bridge across Duck River at Columbia. Nothing as yet has been done on it. You know it is not in my command, and it is the largest bridge on the road. I have been told that a bridge was building in Cincinnati for that stream, but I have failed to find any one who was posted or had any interest in the matter. I am also told that a large number of bridge-builders are returning to Cincinnati for want of work. They could be used to advantage at that point.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, November 27, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN and

Major-General GRANT:

Roddey has crossed Tennessee near Florence, and communications captured from Wheeler to him show that Wheeler, with Hill, intends to unite and make a raid in our rear. I have no mounted force of much account except that watching the Tennessee River. Do you know where Wheeler now is? I should judge he intended to cross the Tennessee near Florence and go north of Duck River, and if you have any knowledge of his whereabouts please inform me. I have taken measures to ascertain full facts and check all movements.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

Colonel HENRY R. MIZNER,

Commanding, Columbia:

I regret that any of my soldiers should have been guilty of acts in violation of the laws of war. When officers and men are not designated, it is almost impossible to fasten it upon the guilty parties. I will endeavor to do so in this case. My orders are that my troops shall live upon this country (my trains are supplied by stock from

