
CHATTANOOGA, November 28, 1863.

Maj. General J. G. FOSTER,

Cumberland Gap:

After three days' fighting we have defeated Bragg and driven him completely out of this portion of the country; captured near 7,000 prisoners; 42 cannon, and many colors. Our forces are still in pursuit beyond Ringgold. The Fourth Corps, Major-General Granger commanding, left here to-day with orders to push with all possible speed through to Knoxville.

Sherman is already in motion for Hiwassee, and will go all the way if necessary. All the cavalry have been ordered to march into East Tennessee by the most practicable route, joining with yours to harass the enemy.

Communicate this information to Burnside as soon as possible and at any cost, with directions to hold out to the very last moment, and we shall not only relieve him but destroy Longstreet.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 28, 1863-4 p.m. (Received 29th.)

Major-General GRANT:

Negro left rebel camp at Knoxville yesterday morning says fighting has not been very heavy; principally artillery and sharpshooters. Longstreet hoped to reduce Knoxville by starvation.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,Knoxville, Tennessee, November 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Hdqrs. Army of the Ohio:

SIR: I would respectfully report that some infantry has been seen late this p.m. on our front, between the Rogersville and Dandridge roads. The officer of the day reports that they came down under cover of timber to the right of the Fair Ground, fired a few shots at the pickets, and retired beyond the hill. He supposes there were as many as a regiment.

Our pickets still hold the original line.

Nothing more of import has occurred on our front to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HOSKINS,

Colonel.

MEMPHIS, November 28, 1863. (Received 30th.)

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga:

Lee, with 6,000 men and artillery and wagon trains, was at Pontotoc yesterday. Chalmers will join him at New Albany, they say, near Corinth.

