
with General Howard before you reach Charleston. If General Howard has not already done so, secure promptly any boats or bridges that may be there.

By order of Maj. General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 29, 1863-1 p.m.

J. B. ANDERSON,

General Railroad Manager, Nashville:

Your letter of 22nd duly received. The Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad must be repaired without more loss of time. Have you enough force on the road to put in good repair in a fortnight? If not, how many men do you want, and when and where do you want them? We can furnish men now. Answer.

By command of General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Ooltewah Creek, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General SPEARS,

Commanding U. S. Forces at or near Blythe's Ferry:

Move your command with all possible dispatch to Kingston, to unite with the column under my command now at this point.

Communicate with me at Kincannon's Ferry by courier; also inform me if the steam-boat can reach Kincannon's Ferry; if not, I shall be obliged to cross lower down the Hiwassee.

Advise me at once what time you will be in Kingston, and communicate daily by courier, if possible. My column will move rapidly.

I am, general, respectfully,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General.

P. S.-Burnside can hold out a few days longer, and unless we reach him soon, he will be obliged to surrender. I say never!

G. G.

CAMP, London, Ky., November 29, 1863-7 p.m. (Received 4.40 p.m.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following dispatches were received from General Willcox last night, but a break of the wires north of this prevented my sending them to you. I am now starting for the gap, and will act according to the information I receive there. It is now snowing:

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 28, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General FOSTER:

Your dispatch, addressed to colonel commanding Cumberland Gap received and referred to me. The last direct information I have from General Burnside comes by Colonel Crawford, who left Knoxville Wednesday night. He says the enemy have nearly surrounded Knoxville, and are making their approaches very systematically.

