
BARBOURSVILLE, KY., November 29, 1863.

Captain W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The commanding general directs that you issue the following orders: First, to General Boyle to impress 400 negroes to work upon the roads between Big Hill and Crab Orchard and Cumberland Gap, 200 on each branch. This measure is necessary in consequence of the wretched state of the road and its great importance in conveying supplies to East Tennessee. Second, to Major Simpson, U. S. Engineers, to detail a competent engineer to take charge of the repairs of the road between Crab Orchard and Somerset. Third, Captain Dickerson, chief quartermaster, to furnish superintendent for laborers on other roads.

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS,

Or other Officer Commanding Confederate, Forces on Kingston Road:

GENERAL: Under instructions from Major-General Burnside, commanding the Army of the Ohio, I address you this communication for the purpose of offering a cessation of hostilities for sufficient time to arrange for the removal of your wounded lying in front of my lines.

Lieutenant-Colonel Bowen, assistant adjutant-general, the bearer of this communication, is authorized to make such arrangements for this purpose as may be agreed upon.

Your obedient servant,

ROBT. B. PORTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, November 29, 1863.

Brig. General R. B. POTTER,Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

Under instructions from Lieutenant-General Longstreet I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, offering a cessation of hostilities for a time sufficient for the removal of my wounded lying in front of your lines.

Your offer is accepted, and Lieutenant Colonel G. M. Sorrel, of General Longstreet's staff, is authorized to meet Lieutenant-Colonel Bowen, assistant adjutant-general, and make the necessary arrangements.

Very respectfully,

L. McLAWS,

Major-General.

