SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 26. Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

I. The following assignments and transfers of guns are made in the Artillery Reserve consequent on the formation of a permanent garrison at Chattanooga:

Reservoir, Twentieth Ohio Battery. Armament: Two 20-pounder Parrotts (to be taken from Fort Phelps); two James rifles (to be turned over by Company B, First Ohio Artillery); four 12-pounder howitzers (present armament).

Brick hospital, Battery M, First Ohio Artillery. Armament: Two James rifles (to be turned over by Company B, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery); three Napoleons (to be turned over by Company C, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery); three 12-pounder howitzers (to be turned over, two by the Eighth Wisconsin Battery, and one by A, First Tennessee Artillery).

Signal Hill, Fourth Indiana Battery. Three Napoleons (to be turned over by Company C, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery), two James rifles (to be turned over by Company B, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery); three 12-pounder howitzers (to be turned over, two by Tenth Indiana Battery, and one by A, First Tennessee Artillery.)

Fort Wood, Company C, First Wisconsin Heavy Artillery. Armament: Two 30-pounder Parrotts; four 4 1/2-inch Rodman guns; two 3-inch guns (to be turned over by Company G, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery); two Napoleons (to be turned over by Bridges' Independent Illinois Battery).

Fort Phelps, Third Wisconsin Battery. Armament: Two 20-pounder Parrotts; five James rifles (to be turned over by Company F, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery); two Napoleon guns (to be turned over by Company G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery).

Fort Brannan, Fort Sheridan, and Battery Rousseau, Eleventh Indiana Battery. Armament: Fort Brannan, four 4 1/2-inch guns (from Battery Rousseau); Fort Sheridan, three 20-pounder Parrotts and three 12-pounder howitzers (to be turned over by Company C, First Illinois Artillery); Fort Rousseau, two 6-pounder guns (to be turned over by Company A, First Tennessee Artillery).

Fort Jef. C. Davis, Eighth Indiana Battery. Armament: Three 20-pounder Parrotts (to be taken from Fort Sheridan); two 3-inch guns (to be turned over by Eighteenth Ohio Battery); two Napoleon guns (to be turned over by Company G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery).

Batteries designated above will immediately receive over the guns assigned them from their present batteries and place them in the positions directed.

The camps of these batteries will be moved to the vicinity of their respective guns, where they will establish winter quarters.

II. The Eighteenth Ohio Battery will turn over two 3-inch guns to Battery C, First Illinois Volunteers, and two 3-inch guns to Bridge's Independent Illinois Battery.

* * * * * * *

IV. Battery G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery, will turn over two 3-inch guns to Third Wisconsin Battery for duty in Fort Phelps.

By command of Brigadier-General Brannan:

LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Captain, Assistant Adjutant-General.

