
ORIZABA, November 29, 1863-2 p.m. (Via Pocahontas, 30th.)

Major-General HURLBUT:

SIR: Generals Lee, Forrest, Ferguson, Ross, and Richardson were at New Albany in force this morning preparing six days' cooked rations, en route for West Tennessee; Tallahatchie high, but he can cross at Lee's Mills. I will remain near Ripley, which will be on his route, and watch his movements. Cannot learn that Chalmers has left Oxford. Let the commanding officer at Pocahontas send me 2,000 rations, under escort of the Third Illinois Cavalry. Enemy's force not less than 5,000.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

CHATTANOOGA, November 29, 1863.

Brig. General J. D. COX,

Commanding District of Ohio, Cincinnati:

You will send all the organized forces in your district that can possibly be spared, to Columbus, Ky., at once. Telegraph the number you will probably send.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

(Same to Brig. General Jacob Ammen, commanding District of Illinois, and Colonel J. S. Simonson, commanding District of Indiana and Michigan.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

In a previous letter addressed to the Secretary of War, I recommended Brig. General W. F. Smith for promotion. Recent events have entirely satisfied me of his great capabilities and merits, and I hasten to renew the recommendation and to urge it. The interests of the public service would be better subserved by this promotion this letter now is to ask that W. F. Smith's name be placed first on the list for promotion of all those previously recommended by me.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CINCINNATI, November 30, 1863. (Received 1.40 p.m.)

President LINCOLN:

We beg you not to let East Tennessee be abandoned by our troops. Burnside, whether he holds or has been defeated, is a glorious moral and military hero, and deserves everlasting honors. Several of us here hope to return in a few days by way of the gap.

W. G. BROWNLOW.

