
there. You will please collect to-night all the cattle, sheep, and hogs you can drive along, and fill the wagons with such corn as can conveniently be carried. March at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning, as far as Athens by to-morrow night, by the road leading along the railroad. From Athens we will take the road to Kingston, leaving the railroad in order to effect a junction with Granger at or near Kingston.

By order of Maj. General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Charleston, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

Maj. General G. GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: General Sherman has received orders to march to Knoxville and assume the general command of all the forces moving to the relief of General Burnside. The general also has a copy of General Grant's instructions to you, which appear to be full and explicit, and he can only renew the order therein contained to push on with the utmost expedition.

The forces assembled here had no idea of going beyond the Hiwassee at the time it marched from Graysville, and is therefore badly supplied with rations, but this country seems full of meat and corn, and we can easily reach Kingston without any help. But at Kingston you should be prepared to share with us the load of provisions it is understood you carry along.

You will cross the Hiwassee in the morning (December 1), and march for Athens,thence to Kingston, and on to Knoxville.

Should you reach Kingston first, do all it may be possible to cross the commands expeditiously. As our roads approach each other, the general will endeavor to communicate with you, and wishes you to do the same.

By order of Maj. General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, Kincannon's Ferry, Hiwassee River, November 30, 1863.

Maj. General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: Reached this point at 3 p.m.; roads horrid, and marches difficult and laborious.

The steamer (with flats) has just arrived. We are crossing as rapidly as possible. I expect to get everything over by 12 m. to-morrow.

I have no news whatever from Knoxville or elsewhere; in fact, this country is depopulated.

My programme is as follows: To move directly to Kingston, cross the Tennessee River, and attack Longstreet's right flank. I am in hopes to reach Kingston on the 3rd proximo, and be in front of Knoxville by the 5th or 6th by the latest.

