HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 3, 1863.

Brig. Gen. A. C. GILLEM, Nashville:

The First Regiment Colored Troops, from Elk River, will be ordered to report to you for duty on the Northwestern Railroad. A regiment of cavalry 1,100 strong, now marching from Louisville, will also be sent to you for guard duty. The general commanding wishes you to assist the colonel of this regiment [Eighth Iowa Cavalry] in disciplining his regiment and perfecting it in drill, as it is but recently organized. All the troops on the Northwestern Railroad are under your command while engaged on that work, and the general expects you to control them and enforce discipline. All the troops on the Northwestern Railroad are under your command while engaged on that work, and the general expects you to control them and enforce discipline.

By order of Major-General Thomas:

C. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 3, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Camp Chase, Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: Referring to the inclosed communication from Captain P. U. Schmitt, bearing the indorsement of Maj. General U. S. Grant, the major-general commanding directs you to send all officers and men captured by the rebel cavalry under Wheeler in his recent raid into Middle Tennessee, and who are now under your control, to report to their respective commands for duty. You will please put them under command of the senior officer, and direct him to report them to Brig. General R. S. Granger, commanding post, Nashville, to be forwarded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Columbus, Ohio, November 17, 1863.

Respectfully returned.

As soon as the circumstances under which these officers and men had been paroled were fully investigated, all who had reported were returned to their commands.

WM. WALLACE,Colonel Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP CHASE, OHIO, October 13, 1863.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Third Div., Twentieth Army Corps:

Here I am, but for the life of me I cannot say what for. No doubt you have received the letter I wrote you from Nashville, informing you of the capture of the train. I reported to Brigadier-General Granger on the 8th with a portion of the men captured with me, and he against my wishes ordered me to report to Camp Chase, where I arrived yesterday. I am here without a cent of the

