
I have ordered Spears' brigade to join me at Kingston; also all the cavalry and troops at that point to be in readiness to move at a moment's warning. I have been seriously embarrassed for want of cavalry, and was fired into on our arrival here by the rebel cavalry on the opposite side of the Hiwassee.

Please inform me if any movement is being made on my right flank by our troops above Calhoun. If not, Longstreet can easily cross the Tennessee River near Knoxville, and escape southward by roads a short distance east of the Cleveland and Dalton Railroad.

Upon my arrival at Kingston I propose to send the steam-boat back to Chattanooga for additional supplies, as there is little or nothing to be gleaned from the country. Please give orders to have them forwarded with the least possible delay.

We were detained ten hours yesterday constructing a bridge over Ooltewah River above Harrison.

When will Elliott's cavalry be at Kingston?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Thomas.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, November 30, 1863-11.20 a.m.

Brig. General J. G. SPEARS,

Sale Creek:

If called upon by Maj. General G. Granger you will furnish him troops, leaving guards at the fords. If your troops do not move with General Granger, you will concentrate each regiment as much as possible, leaving guards at the fords with strict orders to destroy small boats except those that are guarded, and to prohibit all crossing except by special permission and for some manifest necessity.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SPEAR'S BRIG., EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY,Sale Creek, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

Maj. General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication ordering me to furnish troops to the order of Maj. General G. Granger. I herewith transmit for your information a copy of orders received this day from Maj. General G. Granger.* My forces are now en route for Kingston; some of them will perhaps reach that place to-morrow, but I will recall some of them and fulfill your order of to-day.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See p.-.

---------------

