HDQRS. SPEAR'S BRIG., EAST TENNESSEE VOL. INFANTRY,Sale Creek, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

[General GORDON GRANGER:]

GENERAL: I received you communication 10 a.m. this day ordering me with my entire command to Kingston to co-operate with you at that point. I will be there as soon as my force can get there, which will be about three days, a portion of my force being at Dallas at this time. I will inform you that the steam-boat can go up the Hiwassee to Kincannon's Ferry. I will comunicate with you at Kincannon's Ferry by courier as directed, and will continue to do so as often as possible.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES G. SPEARS,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Department Headquarters:

This dispatch was inclosed in an envelope addressed to Major-General Granger at Harrison, but it was brought to these headquarters. It has just been received. I do not know how to get it to General Granger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Kincannon's Ferry, November 30, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Kingston, Tennessee:

Hold your command in readiness to move upon Knoxville at a moment's warning. The forces under my command will reach that point at the latest by the 3rd proximo.

In the mean time gather in as much forage and subsistence as you possibly can. Also make every possible arrangement for crossing my troops over the Tennessee at that point at the earliest possible moment after their arrival, such as securing flat-boats, boatmen, &amp;c.

You will further dispatch spies and scouts to gain every possible information of the whereabouts, intentions, and movements of Longstreet, which information will be communicated to me courier, upon the direct road leading from Kingston to that point, being the road on which this column will move.

The steam-boat Paint Rock and General Spear's brigade are now en route for Kingston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

