HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In Camp, Kincannon's Ferry, November 30, 1863.

Brig. General JAMES G. SPEARS:

Your dispatch was promptly received. I was much pleased with the promptness of you movement.

I shall reach Kingston about the same time as you will. If you arrive before my forces do you will await my arrival.

We are living upon the country and moving by forced marches. It will be necessary for you to pick up your supplies en route, and reach Kingston with four or five days' supply if possible, by driving beeves, sheep, &amp;c.

Inclosed is a dispatch* for the commanding officer at Kingston, which you will please read, and forward duplicate copies by special and trusty couriers. Please keep up connection with me across the Tennessee during our march to Kingston if possible, and forward all information of importance that you may obtain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Kincannon's Ferry, November 30, 1863.

Brig. General THOMAS J. WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

Every preparation for crossing your command over the Hiwassee will be made as soon as possible.

The crossing will continue all night. General Sheridan's troops will probably be across by 1 o'clock to-night. He has been instructed to notify you when his entire command is across, so that no time need be lost.

You will also draw three days' additional rations from the steamer, and to facilitate the drawing of rations your commissaries, with details, should be promptly on the spot as the troops are crossed over.

By order of Major-General Granger:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Charleston, November 30, 1863-2.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding:

GENERAL: My head of column arrived here at 1.30 p.m. I found the railroad bridge partly destroyed, and the pontoon bridge swung to the other side of the river, and a portion of the boats sunk. There were 300 infantry and a company of cavalry at this place, who seemed to be apprised of our coming about one hour before our arrival. The railroad bridge can be repaired, passable for infantry, this p.m., which is now being done. I send one regiment in boats, and as soon as the bridge is completed shall send over a brigade.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See preceding.

---------------

