
WASHINGTON, November 30, 1863-10.20 a.m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Cumberland Gap, Tennessee:

It is neither usual nor necessary to have the requisitions on the quartermaster's department ordered from these headquarters. Should that department fail to fill the requisitions made by Captain Dickerson on your order, the fact will be reported here for investigation. Sherman and Granger are moving rapidly, and without trains, to the relief of Burnside.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 30, 1863-11.50 p.m.

(Received 11 a.m., December 1.)

Maj. General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I arrived here two hours since. I find here a small movable force of 3,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry, with which I propose to march toward Knoxville on the direct road toward Tazewell and Maynardville. I shall be thus in good position to worry the enemy's flanks if he retreats, or to fall back safely if attacked by much superior force. I have no direct information from General Burnside since last Wednesday, when he said he could hold out for six or eight days. I have no explanation of the rapid firing on Saturday night and Sunday morning at Knoxville. No firing has been heard since. Telegraphic communication extends from this point to Tazewell, from which place couriers will bring my messages to me. General Willcox has opened communication with Colonel Byrd, at Kingston. Colonel Byrd repulsed Wheeler's attack on Wednesday last. Wheeler then retired toward Knoxville, and is now said to be moving toward Louisville. General Ransom, with 6,000 infantry,is now near Kingsport.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 30, 1863-10 p.m.

Maj. General J. G. FOSTER,

Cumberland Gap:

Have you any news from Knoxville to-day? If Longstreet is retreating up the valley would it not be well to strike for Abingdon? Troops have now been out three days from here on their way to Burnside.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

LOUISA, KY., November 30, 1863. (Via Catlettsburg, December 1.)

Brigadier-General BOYLE,

Louisville, Ky.:

GENERAL: My outposts were attacked at Salyersville this morning and badly scattered. Their dispatch to me very indefinite. I have sent forward re-enforcements. Enemy's strength reported 800 cavalry. May be more in direction of Mount Sterling.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding.

