
The First Brigade, Colonel E. W. Rice (Seventh Iowa Infantry) commanding, and Third Brigade, Colonel M. M. Bane (Fiftieth Illinois Infantry) commanding, being transported by cars to Iuka, Miss., 71 miles, and the Second Brigade, Colonel August Mersy (Ninth Illinois Infantry) commanding, marching to the same place, leaving Pocahontas, Tennessee, on October 30.

November 1 to 5 the troops of the division were arriving at Iuka, and two or three regiments and a part of the train moved to Eastport, Miss., 8 miles distant. All arrangements for the march being completed at Iuka, the division (Brigadier-General Sweeny commanding) commenced moving on the morning of November 6, arriving at Eastport, Miss., on the Tennessee River, the same day, and immediately commenced crossing the river on transports (ready for that purpose), which was continued during the entire night.

November 7, the division having crossed the river by noon of this day, and two brigades pushed forward with train, the rear of column (one brigade) moved from opposite Eastport, Miss., at 1 p.m., to Brush Creek, Ala., 8 miles distant, where headquarters of the division were established for night bivouac.

November 8 moved at daylight, and bivouacked about dark at Little Cypress Creek, 18 miles distant.

November 9 the division moved at sunrise, marching in a northeast direction on military road, and bivouacked a little before sunset on a plantation 20 miles from Little Cypress Creek.

November 10, at 6 a.m., moved, marching northeast, through Lauderdale County, Ala., to Sugar Creek, Tennessee, arriving at 5 p.m., 20 miles distant, where it bivouacked.

November 11 the division marched from Sugar Creek at sunrise, and reached Pulaski, Tennessee, at 4 p.m., 18 miles.

Total distance from La Grange, Tennessee, to Pulaski, Tennessee, 162 miles; distance marched 87 miles. Two regiments of mounted infantry (Seventh and Ninth Illinois Volunteers) were kept in advance and on the flanks of the column during the entire march.

Since arriving at Pulaski, Tennessee, and up to the present date [November 30], the division has been engaged in repairing and guarding the Nashville and Decatur Railroad.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 162. Memphis, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

Merchants, doing business in the city of Memphis, Tennessee, having supplied improper and unauthorized persons with military clothing, to the prejudice and detriment of the service, and it being impossible otherwise to control or regulate the matter-

It is therefore ordered, that all merchants in the city of Memphis, not having permission from these headquarters to keep and sell military clothing of the patterns authorized by army regulations, shall immediately ship their stocks north of the lines of the Department of the Tennessee.

The following-named merchants are reported to have stocks of military clothing on hand, and not having the necessary authority to trade in the same from these headquarters, will without delay conform to this order: Samter &amp; Lepstadt, 310 Main street; Scheadzki & Company, 302 Main street; Kahn & Company, 268 Main street; I. Schwob, 264 Main street; Loeb & Brother, 260 Main street; M. Skaller & Company,

19 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

