
necessary medium, and want to get back to the command, for I am certain that the paroles given us by Wheeler will not be regarded as worth anything by our Government.

I should never have taken a parole if the rebels had treated us anything like men. They marched us 65 miles on one stretch without giving us a bite to eat, and then made the men they had captured carry out our commissary stores at McMinnville to burn them. For my part I was glad to get away from the damned robbers. When I got to Nashville I was completely worn out, and, in fact, have not as you got over my trip with the rebels. I walked altogether 185 miles, and not being used to walking it came rather hard on me.

My object in writing to you is this: I wish you would be kind enough and see the general, and, if in your power, get an order to get me out of this place. My business wants my attention; papers have got to be made up. Please get an order for me to return to Chattanooga and oblige.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

PHIL. U. SCHMITT,

Captain, Second Missouri Volunteers.

Am at present stopping at the United States Hotel, Columbus, Ohio, to which place send your answer. Give my kind regards to the general, Van Pelt, and the whole staff, and tell Major Mohrhardt that his brother George is in Columbus; all well. My best wishes to you all.

PHIL.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, October 23, 1863.

Within communication is from Captain P. U. Schmitt, my division quartermaster, who was captured with his train in Sequatchie Valley short time ago. He is a valuable officer. I feel his loss very much. Can he be ordered back to his division?

P. H. SHERIDAN,Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, October 24, 1863.

I recommend that Captain Schmitt and all other officers and men captured by Wheeler and his gang be immediately ordered to join their respective commands. The paroles are in violation of the cartel and general orders from War Department.

G. GRANGER,Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, October 26, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Grant, commanding Division of the Mississippi, requesting that these men may be ordered to return at once to their command.

GEO. H. THOMAS,Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

