
One brigade of Cruft's division was ordered to the field of Chickamauga to bury the dead, and are now engaged on that duty. The other brigade I expect in this valley to-night. I have not yet heard from my cavalry, which brought up the rear of the column, but have reason to believe that no effort was made by the enemy to follow. I brought off one valuable steam-engine and twelve caissons, which I have given directions to have delivered at Chattanooga. I was compelled to destroy one steam-engine for want of transportation to bring it in. Before leaving Ringgold General Geary buried 51 of the rebel dead, which the enemy had left behind him in this retreat.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 1, 1863.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Brigadier-General Williams reported Roddey at Salem, near Winchester, with 1,000 men unencumbered with trains or artillery, supposing him about to tear up the road. Doubting it to be more than a mere rumor, we waited further developments before speaking of it, taking precautions to guard against his attack. We have heard nothing more relative to him.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, December 1, 1863-10 p.m.

Colonel L. D. WATKINS,

Caperton's Ferry:

Move with your brigade and all camp equipage to Chattanooga. You wil thence establish your headquarters in the vicinity of Rossville, and will guard the front of this army southward.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, December 1, 1863-12 m.

Major-General FOSTER,

Cumberland Gap, Tennessee:

Yours of this morning [November 30] is just received. General Grant has re-enforced Colonel Byrd at Kingston, and Sherman and Granger are marching upon Knoxville. Longstreet may be compelled to retreat on Abingdon. Will it not be more safe for you to move down Clinch River, to communicate with Byrd or Sherman? I merely suggest this, without knowing the character of the country. Send cipher messages to Burnside of the certainty of his immediate relief.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

