SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,No. 16. Athens, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

I. The several divisions composing this army in the field will march at dawn of day to-morrow, prepared to make a long and forced march, if necessary, on Loudon, keeping well closed up and prepared for any event that may arise.

The march will be in the following order: First, the Eleventh Corps, Maj. General O. O. Howard commanding; second, the division commanded by General Jeff. C. Davis; third, the Fifteenth Corps, Maj. General F. P. Blair, jr., commanding.

II. All the cavalry belonging to the command will be massed under the command of Colonel Long, and will, at 2 o'clock p.m. to-morrow, be in the column between Generals Howard and Davis, prepared to leave the column and dash forward to secure the bridge at Loudon.

III. The head of the infantry column will await at Philadelphia a report from he cavalry as to the condition of things at Loudon.

By order of Maj. General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

Mizner, at Ripley, at 2 p.m. reports enemy advancing in force. There are rumors of infantry in heavy bodies at Oxford. I am massing from La Grange on Corinth. Cannot yet tell what it is, but think the cavalry advance covers infantry movement. Dodge should be notified in case of a strong movement toward the Muscle Shoals.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON,

Corinth:

Scout reports that Johnston crossed Tallahatchie and moved eastward day before yesterday, with large force of infantry and artillery. If so, they either mean Corinth or to pass toward Muscle Shoals. Send two of your best men to Dodge with this news. Tuttle will leave La Grange for Pocahontas as soon as the moon is up enough, and should reach there by 12 m. Send scout south from Corinth, and see if you can learn anything of infantry column. Your relief, if besieged, must come from Dodge. Mizner has been driven back to Ruckersville.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

