
a small detachment Third Illinois Cavalry, and one company home guards, and Sixth Indiana Battery. At Middleton there are five companies Thirty-fifth Iowa Infantry, and battalion Sixth Tennessee Cavalry. At Saulsbury there are five companies infantry. A copy of Mizner's dispatch 2 p. m. has been received by General Stevenson.

W. H. THURSTON,

Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

FOUR MILES NORTH OF RIPLEY,

December 1, 1863-2 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The enemy is advancing in force; we met them 3 or 4 miles south of Ripley at 10 a. m. We are skirmishing on the Pocahontas and Middleton roads, and will advise you as soon as I learn which road from Ripley his main column takes.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

LA GRANDE, December 1, 1863.

Major-General HURLBURT and

General STEVENSON:

Scout just in reports infantry at Oxford Saturday. I had instructed him to return immediately as soon as he was certain whether infantry was there. I am of opinion that they will move to Eastport via Iuka, keeping south of Corinth and Ripley, too, with main force. What do you think about it?

J. M. TUTTLE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General TUTTLE,

La Grande:

Mizner reports the enemy in force at Ripley at 2 p. m. Leave Morgan at La Grange, and move as soon as you can see to Pocahontas or Middleton as you best can. If they mean Corinth, you can get to Corinth from that point, and will have all your men together and in reach.

If this is simply a cavalry advance they will cross near Saulsbury. If there is infantry close up and in force they will try Corinth or Pocahontas.

Corinth is the place that must be held, and that can be defended best. Let the Seventh Illinois Cavalry accompany your march.

Be off by 3 a. m. if the moonlight is good. Leave all other cavalry but the Seventh with Morgan at La Grange to cover his posts, and direct him to report to me.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

(Duplicate to Brigadier-General Stevenson.)

