HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Loudon, December 3, 1863- 7.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Left camp at 4 o'clock. Entered the town just at dawn. Found a few rebels sick, not exceeding 50. Cars all destroyed. Forty-eight cars were run into the river, and three engines. The enemy destroyed considerable flour and crackers. Two car-loads of coffee were run into the river.

The rebels were just crossing as our cavalry came in sight. All were crossed by dark, and the pontoon bridge destroyed half an hour after dark.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD.

DECEMBER 3, 1863.

General HOWARD:

Just as I expected. See if any of the locomotives could be fished out. One would be of great service to us. You may spend the day, refresh, and follow by the Morganton road in the morning.

SHERMAN,

Major-General.

See that the cavalry in sent off at once for Knoxville via Morganton.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Philadelphia, Tennessee, December 3, 1863-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier General T. J. WOOD,

Commanding Third Division:

We have arrived at this place, and will push on to Morganton to-night. All the troops are moving to Knoxville on the south side of the Tennessee.

You will move, leaving Philadelphia to your left, passing through either Madisonville or Rockville tao Maryville, thence to Knoxville. Your rations being exhausted to-night you will be compelled to feed your troops upon the country.

From the best information I can gather both the Little Tennessee and Little River are fordable. If the Little Tennessee is not fordable a bridge will be constructed at Morganton by our troops to-day. Push on as rapidly as possible, and if possible accumulate one or two days' rations on the road.

From the most reliable information Longstreet is still in front of Knoxville.

Our cavalry, with two divisions, reached Loudon last night and captured a number of prisoners.

The rebels destroyed forty-eight cars, three locomotives; burned their pontoon train and their entire depot of supplies at that point.

By order of Major-General Granger:

Very respectfully,

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Assistant Inspector-General.

