HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Five Miles from Philadelphia, December 3, 1863- 1 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel SELFRIDGE,

Inspector-General, Fourth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Your note of this 10.30 a. m. is received. Directions will be complied with. Being in rear of other troops, I may find short commons in the country, but will try to make the best of it. I would be glad for you to communicate frequently, and let me know where I can communicate frequently, and let me know where I can communicate with you. Should Longstreet remain much longer in front of Knoxville he may be captured.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Sparta, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

Brigadier General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place on the 1st with the First Brigade, First Division, and section of Lilly's battery; the Second Brigade, First Division, with the remaining sections, arrived to-day.

The passage of Caney Fork delayed the crossing of the troops, that of Stone's River and Caney Fork, the train from Nashville, containing subsistence, quartermaster's, and ordnance stores, absolutely necessary for the equipment of the cavalry, not supplied since the campaign of the past summer and fall.

Eight men and horses of the Second Indiana Cavalry were drowned in attempting the crossing of Caney Fork during the night. The depth of the stream, its steep banks, swift current, and water freezing on the rope and boat prevented working the ferry during the whole of the night. To have attempted to cross the animals by, which the nature of my order did not seem to require. Supplies of forage and flour are not abundant between Alexandria and this place. From here I must take sufficient to enable me to reach Kingston. Colonel Hughs, Confederate Army, is in this vicinity collecting the several bands scattered through the country for guerrilla warfare, taking refuge in the mountains. When pursued, they have been difficult to reach, but whenever the opportunity has afforded, mu scouts have had the advantage of them in killed, wounded, and prisoners.

I will communicate when near Kingston.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Chief of Cavalry.

HUNTSVILLE, December 3, 1863.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS.

Chief of Staff:

I collected all the supplies, hogs, sheep, beef-cattle, &., from all this section of country some two weeks since, but as all these

