
plantations have a great many negro women and children to feed, I have not been able to get but few more than will do my command. The corn I have not been able to collect, as there is a great deal of it, and my command has been so much scattered. I learn the rebels are taking corn across the river in vicinity of Decatur, but as I only have one regiment there, it is impossible for me to protect. Will you please let me know when the immediate necessity for so strongly picketing the river from Flint River to Crow Creek is over with, so I can withdraw them. I need them much here. Colonel Long has seven of my regiments. Will he return soon? I will have to send my wagons to Nashville to get what I want for my command. I succeeded in getting some axes to-day. I shall collect all the mechanics in this vicinity and put them at work on the Flint River bridge at once.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

EN ROUTE TO SALYERSVILLE,

December 3, 1863.

General BOYLE,

Louisville:

My scouts are in Salyersville; enemy was 300 strong; 200 have gone in the direction of Mount Sterling; 500 reported above on Middle Creek. I will divide my force to guard against their escape, if gone below, and follow up. Clark, being at Ashland, could not join me, and has but few serviceable horses. I have no mounted men. This from reliable sources.

Have ordered four companies 60 miles above on Kentucky River. Do think they can get out.

GEO. W. GALLUP,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,Numbers 17 Philadelphia, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

The senior commanding officer at Kingston will, after leaving a small force to garrison the place, collect all the troops, infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and push around to Knoxville, with the right flank resting on the Holston, feeling their way cautiously, and covering the steam-boat Chattanooga.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAND JUNCTION,

December 3, 1863.

General GRIERSON:

The enemy is retreating on the Holly Springs road. Half of Hatch's men are after them and the other half are coming in.

F. HURST,

Colonel, Commanding.

21 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III.

