
FOUR MILES FROM WALKER'S FORD, TENN,

December 4, 1863.

Colonel F. W. GRAHAM, Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The following communication has just been received from the commanding general:

Brigadier General O. B. WILLCOX:

The commanding general directs that you make the following disposition of the forces under your command:

Move Graham's brigade of cavalry to Blain's Cross-Roads, which place they will hold, sending a detachment back toward Rutledge and Bean's Station to blockade the road.

Garrard's brigade, with the exception of the force at Needham's Ford, will join Graham at Blain's Cross-Roads. The Sixth Indiana Cavalry will be ordered from this place to Evans' Ford, and remain there until relieved by one of your infantry regiments, which you will order at once to that point.

Obstruct all the fords except Walker's and Evans', by felling trees in the river and blockading the roads leading to the fords for short distance on both sides of the river. Divide the pioneer corps so that the work of obstructing the fords may be prosecuted to the best advantage.

The cavalry force will remain at Blain's Cross-Roads while the work of blockading the road between the former and Bean's Station has been fairly commenced, and will then return to Maynardville, and if necessary to Warker's Ford. The blockading party will ret;urn to Bean's Station and Evan's Ford.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

The whole communication is transmitted to you that you will have full information of the object to be obtained, and you will please commence the move directed for your brigade at once. If you are short of axes for blockading the roads order your troops to procure them from the country.

Very respectfully,

HENRY BOWMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Since writing the above the inclosed copy of a communication from Major-General Foster has been received, which will modify your blockading detachments until morning. You will be able to judge and do the best you can under the circumstances. Garrard's brigade may possibly cross the river to-night at one of the upper fords and move down on the other side of the river if there is a practicable road falling into the Knoxville road somewhere in your rear. I will try and send you messages informing you of Garrard's movements. Please send back the latest information you have of the enemy on the different roads, and also prius state how far your headquarters will be from the river to-night.

HENRY BOWMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have the honor to call your attention to the distinguished services rendered by Brigadier General John W. Geary in the battle of Wauhatchie and during the late operations of the army which resulted in the

