
defeat and discomfiture of the rebel army under General Gragg, and to request that he be promoted to the rank of major-general. In the former my official report will acquaint you with the character of the services of this meritorious officer. During our subsequent operations they will be presented will more prominently to the Government. Of his former services in the Army of the Potomac I need not speak; they are favorably known to you and the country.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee,

December 4, 1863.

Colonel JOHN F. HARTRANFT,

Commanding Second Division Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report as division officer of the day for the 3rd instant:

Captain Joseph H. Haskins, Forty-eight Pennsylvania, commanding picket of First Brigade, reports to me where had been previously seen the enemy's camp from the top of the Suck flour-mill has now disappeared; he also reports at 10.30 o'clock p. m. a move of artillery or heavy wagons and trains was heard distinctly moving toward the right; also 1 prisoner captured by a vedette of the Twenty-first Massachusetts, who was sent to headquarters; also at 1,30 o'clock this morning two rockets were seen on the hills opposite his center, and one blank shot fired. Teams and artillery moving on our right and left. Captain Gaulin, of the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding picket-line of the Second Brigade, also reported, as he supposed, the moving of artillery or wagons, between 9 and 10 o'clock a. m. Considerable firing by the enemy in front of the Second Brigade early this morning; more quiet at 8.30.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

WM. J. BOLTON,

Major and Division Officer of the Day for the 3rd instant.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Morganton, December 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that you move your command in such time that the leading division shall occupy the bridge at early dawn.

General Howard will cross his troops at Davis' Ford, which will give you the bridge here at the early moment specified.

Loaded wagons must not pass the bridge until all troops are crossed with two horses can pass with their respective commands.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.

L. M. DAYTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

