
Colonel Morgan has arrived. The enemy are destroying railroad and trestles.

General Lee is in command. Chalmers and Ferguson, with from 4,000 to 5,000, are with him; probably not more than 4,000. This information is gained from prisoners. They have four pieces of heavy artillery.

Colonel Hatch is suffering intense pain, but the surgeon thinks his wound is not fatal.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade Cavalry.

LA GRANGE, Tennessee.,

December 4, 1863.

General GRIERSON:

Result of scout north not satisfactory. Officer was no farther then Van Buren, 7 miles from Saulsbury. Says Forrest has three regiments and battalion, about 2,000 men, three cannon and thirty wagons. That he crossed at Bolivar on ferry. Says he is going to Jackson to stay all winter. Mizner at Saulsbury to-night, and will start for here at daylight. He will have to come on now, I suppose, and by the time he gets to Grand Junction you can be ready to give him such orders as may be thought best. You will know about affairs west by that time, unless there is a great necessity for him; then I think he ought to stay at the east end of road. Hurst, at Grand Junction, says his pickets have been fired on since dark. Don't know what he means. He is investigating it.

J. M. TUTTLE,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, Tennessee,

December 4, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Columbus, Ky.,:

GENERAL: I send you the following just received from a sure hand.

It may be that the figures are exaggerated somewhat, but they are substantially correct.

As soon as I can get the front cleared I will turn on these brigands. General Forrest has, I think, gone up there from Saulsbury with from 300 to 500 men.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

Colonel Bell came to Gibson County with 575 men; brought 1,000 Enfields and 60,000 rounds.

Wilson has 550, Newsom has 500, Kizer has 350, Franklin has 100, and Greer has 300-to report to Bell.

Faulkner has 1,200 about Spring Creek.

They are to destroy the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, commencing as near Union City as possible. Richardson to operate on Memphis and

Charleston Railroad.

