HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., December 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General GRESHAM,

Commanding Expedition:

GENERAL: If on your arrival at Rodney or below you learn that there is a force threatening Natchez, you will immediately proceed to that point and take command of the U. S. forces, and act as your best judgment dictates.

It is reported that Wirt Adams, with 2,500 cavalry and four pieces of artillery, has moved down to attack Natchez.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM M. WILES,

Provost-Marshall-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I have just arrived at this point with the steamer Dunbar from a point on the river 95 miles above here-Whitake's Creek. I was unable to proceed farther on account of low water and the size of the boat. The Paint Rock is likewise too large for navigation above here. I would respectfully, recommend that the Chattanooga, being a smaller boat, be brought up and run on the river above. She is capable of carrying 75 or 100 tons to Knoxville at this stage of water and corn at a lower stage. With a double set of hands she could make the trip in five days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HENNEGAN,

Pilot, Steamer Dunbar.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 290. Chattanooga, Tennessee., December 5, 1863.

I. Major General J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers, chief of staff, having been ordered to the command of the troops in New Orleans and vicinity, is hereby relieved from duty in this department.

In taking leave of Major-General Reynolds, the commanding general desires to tender him his thanks for the fidelity and ability which has characterized his discharge of the duties of chief of staff, as well as for the efficient aid and co-operation always rendered by him while they were associated together in the Fourteenth Army Corps-the latter as corps and the former as division commander.

He hopes that opportunity will be given General Reynolds to make his future career no less glorious than his past.

II. Communications for these headquarters will hereafter be addressed to Brigadier General William D. Whipple, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Major General George H. Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

