
signed to duty by the Adjutant-General under the direction of the Secretary of War. Your order would create infinite mischief and exposure of property. If quartermaster or other staff officers are needed, you will apply for them through the Adjutant-General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

ED. R. S. CANBY.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

TAZEWELL, Tennessee, December 5, 1863

(Received 8.10 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have received your order directing me to revoke the order which I had issued to secure the immediate services of certain quartermasters and commissaries necessary to properly supply this command with rations. The order was issued under the pressure of a military necessity to accomplish what I supposed was expected of me. The task is difficult at the best, and under	this embarrassment is rendered doubly so. Under the circumstances I feel that I cannot carry out fully my expeditions, and have, therefore, respectfully to ask to be relieved from the duty, if after this explanation your order be insisted on.

J. G. FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Maryville, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

Maj. General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: The object of the present expedition having been accomplished, and the enemy being in retreat from Knoxville, you will please move your command to-morrow as far as Little River, going into camp at that place, and report in person to General Burnside at Knoxville for orders.

By order of Maj. General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Maryville, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

Brig. General JEFF. C. DAVIS.

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The object of the present expedition being accomplished,and the enemy in retreat from Knoxville, the general desires you to hold your command in its present camp until he can decide upon future movements on consultation with General Burnside. He will ride forward to Knoxville in the morning; meanwhile you will please hold your division in readiness to return to the neighborhood of the bridge over Little Tennessee, should it be deemed advisable on consultation with General Burnside. General Granger

