
is ordered to report to General Burnside for orders. The Fifteenth Corps will remain here until the general returns from Knoxville, and the Eleventh Corps will probably return to Loudon.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Maryville, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The object of the present expedition being accomplished, and the enemy being in retreat from Knoxville, the general commanding desires you to hold your command in its present camp. He will ride forward to Knoxville in the morning to consult with General Burnside. Meanwhile he desires you to get your command in good order and be prepared to move back to Loudon, should such move be agreed upon on consultation with General Burnside.

General Granger's corps is ordered to report to General Burnside, in accordance with original instructions from General Grant. The Fifteenth Corps will remain here until the general returns from Knoxville, while the general will suggest that General Davis' division return to the neighborhood of the bridge over Little Tennessee for the present.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KY.,

Numbers 4. Munfordville, December 5, 1863.

The general commanding has learned with regret that the troops now serving in this command have, in many instances, been guilty of depredations and ungentlemanly conduct toward the citizens of this district.

It is clearly the duty of all officers to enforce the strictest discipline to prevent any ill-treatment of citizens, depredations, or willful destruction of property;and each officer will be held responsible for offenses of such nature committed by his men.

By command of Brigadier General E. H. Hobson:

THOS. W. ZOOK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOSCOW, December 5, 1863.

General HURLBUT:

Mizner has arrived in La Grange from Ripley. Reports no force south. I have sent scouts to Bolivar.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

