
Look well south with patrols. Report me by telegraph all news. Upon your arrival at Pocahontas report to me and await further orders.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, December 5, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT and

General GRIERSON:

Captain Moore, Sixth Tennessee Cavalry, that you sent to Somerville to-day, is just in; says Richardson was at Somerville with 400 men getting supplies for Forrest, who is at Jackson. One of my scouts in from the south says Lee is going to Okolona as soon as he gets through. Sol. Street got to Holly Springs a day or two ago with only 10 men. Says the rest were captured near Fort Pillow. No infantry down there.

J. M. TUTTLE

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,December 5, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Columbus:

GENERAL: From the inclosed, and my recent letter, you will see that the upper end of West Tennessee is seriously threatened. Forrest (the general), with 400 to 500 men, has got up there to organize forces. I trust you will soon receive re-enforcements, and be able to take the field.

This line has been seriously threatened during this week, and twice broken. A very sharp conflict yesterday at Moscow between Hatch's cavalry brigade and the enemy, 3,000 strong, from below.

Colonel Hatch severely wounded; the enemy driven back with heavy loss; 15 dead picked up since. We lost 4 killed, 11 wounded, and from 30 to 40 horses killed. I am organizing as rapidly as possible for a strong cavalry movement south,after which I will turn north by the time you are ready.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

CORINTH, December 5, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT:

Corinth all right. Loring's division reported at Okolona; shall know positively their whereabouts as soon as I can hear from there.

Roddey has headquarters at Courtland; one regiment at Courtland, one at Decatur, one at Leighton, two north of Tennessee.

General Bell, on Wednesday, was at Trenton preparing for a raid on Paducah; his force about 2,500 men. They have commenced intrenching Trenton. Mizner is at La Grange by this time. I ordered him there with a view to place him where he could be used.

Give me a synopsis of news from Grant, Meade, and Burnside.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

