HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Maryville, December 6, 1863.-9 a.m.

Brig. General JAMES G. SPEARS,

Commanding, Loudon, Tenn:

Longstreet has retreated pell-mell from Knoxville, and the object of the expedition being accomplished you will remain at Loudon with your command until further orders.

By command of Major-General Granger:

R. O. SELFRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, December 6, 1863

Statement of Captain Lewis L. Carter, Company B, Ninth Tennessee, U. S. Army:

I received my commission in the Ninth Tennessee June 5, 1863. I have never been with my regiment, but received a commission in order to receive exchange if captured while performing my duties as scout. I was an independent scout about twelve months before I received a commission. Since I received my commission I have been scouting for Wilder's brigade of mounted infantry.

I was captured near Ringgold in a skirmish with the Sixth Georgia Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Hart on the 12th of September; was then taken to Bragg's headquarters. I was there questioned by Colonel McKinstry, of General Bragg's staff, as to the strength of the Federal army. Upon refusing to answer any questions of that kind, General Bragg, who was lying in the tent at the time, called me a black scoundrel.

James T. Bartlett, a private of Company F, Seventeenth Indiana, was then questioned as to the strength of the Federal army. He refused to answer any questions of that nature. Colonel McKinstry said he had a way of making him answer his questions and said he would hang him if he did not answer his questions. Bartlett then said he would be hung before he would answer his questions. General Bragg then called McKinstry toward him, and said to him in a very low tone, "I do not want to hear you abuse a prisoner in that way again."

We were then kept at Bragg's headquarters until morning and sent to Resaca, Ga, and from there to Atlanta. I was abused on the cars by the railroad men and officers and soldiers of my acquaintance in the rebel army, and at Cartersville a lieutenant wanted to lay down his arms and fight me "a la rough and tumble." He called me a traitor and heaped upon me all epithets he could think of. I was lodged in the barracks at Atlanta and treated as a prisoner of war five days. On Sunday, the 19th of September, I was handcuffed and allowed no communication with any Federal prisoners. On the 23rd I was called out, took my hand-cuffs off, handed me an 84-pound ball and chain, and ordered me to carry the same, under guard, to a blacksmith-shop about three blocks from the barracks. The chain was there riveted on my left leg and I was ordered to return to the barracks and carry the ball. Major B. F. Mosely, of the First Tennessee Infantry, received a ball and chain at the same time I did, and wore the ball and chain until he died, which was

