
any kind will be carried, and only sufficient tents for the absolute requirements of the officers for shelter. The men will carry their shelter-tents and blankets. The transportation must not exceed three wagons per brigade, and one for each brigade and division headquarters, and only the proper quota of ambulances for the number of men who march. All officers' baggage, knapsacks, and surplus headquarters baggage must be stored and left with a guard of the convalescents and men who are unable to stand a march of two or three days.

General Ferrero will furnish a sufficient number of mule teams to move Roemer's battery-if one gun is disabled it will be left in charge of the garrison of Fort Sanders-and four guns of Buckley's battery. The remaining section of the latter will be left in charge of the garrison of Fort Sanders.

Colonel Hartranft will furnish a sufficient number of mule teams to move Gittings' and Von Sehlen's batteries. General Ferrero will leave his surplus baggage, &amp;c., with the guard of convalescents at Fort Sanders, or may store it in some building in that vicinity. This guard with the artillerists left in the fort will form the garrison of Fort Sanders. Colonel Hartranft will store his baggage, &c., at Fort Comstock-Gittings' battery-or in some building in that vicinity, and the guard of convalescents left will form the garrison of that fort.

Lieutenant Benjamin will report for duty as chief of artillery on the staff of corps headquarters. He will transfer such men from Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, to Von Sehlen's battery, temporarily for duty, as may be sufficient to effectively man those guns, together with all the animals, or as many as may be necessary; or he will transfer all of Von Sehlen's guns and animals, with such of his men as may be necessary to render them effective, to Battery E, Second U. S. Artillery, leaving Captain Von Sehlen with his command in charge of Fort Sanders and the guns there, as in his opinion it may be best, it being the intention to leave the heavy guns and one section of Buckley's battery-unmanned-at that point.

Train s will carry 40 additional rounds of ammunition per man.

The command will move out on the Morristown road, the First Division moving first. The several commands will report to these headquarters as soon as they commence to move.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Hartranft and Lieutenant Benjamin.)

TAZEWELL, December 7, 1863

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Since my arrival here on the 2nd I have kept the small force under my command skirmishing with the enemy continually. Their force being much larger than mine, we have not been able to make much progress. The infantry and artillery started this morning for Bean's Station for the purpose of attacking the retreating columns of Longstreet. Soon as I have accomplished this I will join you at Knoxville. The cavalry under Colonel Foster have been at Blain's Cross-Roads pressing the enemy's cavalry for two days.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

