HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 7, 1863

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: You will dispose your command to the best advantage in order to guard the railroad from La Grange to Corinth, making in your headquarters for the present at Grand Junction. You will patrol the country both north and south of the railroad, and report all information by telegraph to these headquarters.

In accordance with the third section, Paragraph III, of General Orders, Numbers 2 headquarters Department of the Tennessee,of date October 25, 1863, and with instructions from Major-General Hurlbut, commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, you will take all horses and mules which may be found in the country, and place you command in the best possible order. Animals thus taken will be receipted for be a commissioned officer, receipts not transferable and payable at the end of the war on proof of loyalty.

These receipts will be taken up and vouchers given for them by chief quartermaster of the Sixteenth Army Corps.

It is especially enjoined that you prepare your command for active service at the earliest possible moment. Forrest is north of the railroad in the vicinity of Jackson, Tennessee His force is reported to be 2,000 strong, with two pieces light artillery.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS

Memphis, Tennessee, December 7, 1863.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE, La Grange, Tennessee,:

You can admit cotton to come over railroad to Memphis. Five dollars per bale may be imposed for secret-service fund.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

MEMPHIS, December 7, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH, Columbus:

It is certain that Forrest is calling in all guerrilla parties; concentrating them at Jackson and Trenton. The addition to your force will come most opportunely for a vigorous movement upon the rebels, when concentrated. Forrest has, so far as I can learn, only three pieces of artillery. I regret exceedingly that I have no battery to send you, and request you to telegraph to General Grant, requesting one to be sent. I have fifty-four guns with Steele, and cannot get them back. Advise me when you will probably be ready to move, and I will cause Grierson to move at the same time from this line.

I desire to make thorough work of these trespassers.

In relation to the cotton seized by you, all that belongs to unquestionable Union men will be delivered to them, the rest turned over to the Treasury Department.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

