
WASHINGTON, December 8, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Chattanooga, Tennessee:

Do you propose to pursue Longstreet into Virginia? That line of operations is a good one if the army can be supplied on it. The matter of supplies requires careful consideration. Please give me your views in regard to such a movement.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, December 8, 1863-10.30 p.m.

(Received 1.30 a.m., 9th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The army pursuing Longstreet can only pursue as far as the country will supply them, which, I think, cannot be beyond Bristol. I tried very hard to get Willcox to push from Cumberland Gap to Abingdon and Saltville while Longstreet was at Knoxville, but could not get him off. Not knowing the feasibility of the plan I did not make the order imperative.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Sweet Water, Tennessee, December 8, 1863-8 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: My corps is encamped at this place, except one brigade, which I pushed forward and will be near Athens to-night. It has instructions to proceed to Charleston as soon as possible. The bridge was not destroyed at last accounts, only the planking taken up.

Some rebel cavalry were at Athens last night, and a rumor is current among rebel sympathizers that Bragg has driven Hooker back to Chattanooga, and that Breckinridge is moving up this way with 40,000 men, his advance having reached Charleston already. I do not believe this, but think it worthy of your notice.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,

Sweet Water, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

To the Officers of this Corps:

GENTLEMEN: I did hope to be able to write nothing but hearty commendation for the conduct of this corps during this eventful campaign. I appreciate your energy and willing co-operation in military duty, but I will frankly say that acts are done and allowed to be done which are a burning shame and excite my early indig-

