
[Inclosure.]

LOUDON, November 3, 1863.

Maj. Gen. J. G. PARKE:

The enemy were in some trepidation during General Sanders' operations on Little Tennessee. They were in line of battle just back of Loudon most of the day on the 1st instant. I presume there is no considerable force of the enemy on the east side of Little Tennessee. I further believe that they would evacuate Loudon if any serious movement were made in the direction of their rear.

JULIUS WHITE,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, November 3, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

A scout learns from fugitive citizens that the main body of the rebel force, supposed to be approaching Tazewell, is on the road leading from Mulberry Gap to Tazewell, 12 miles from Tazewell, and that a smaller force is on the road leading from Mulberry Gap to Powell's River bridge, in the vicinity of rebel camp. None of these citizens have seen the force, but depend upon rumor. I have 195 cavalry with Lieutenant Spencer's train and between the train and Tazewell.

W. C. LEMERT,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Maryville, November 3, 1863-8 p.m.

[Maj. Gen. JOHN G. PARKE:]

GENERAL: My scouts to within 2 miles of Morganton did not meet any rebels and heard of none on this side the river excepting a report of a small party on the Niles' Ferry road; there were none in the vicinity of Unitia this noon. The party is still out there, and report they hear a rumor of a force crossing. As the rumor says 15,000, I do not credit it. All quiet through the day.

A citizen, said to be reliable, who was arrested by the rebels last night and left there this morning, says that Stevenson has been at Sweet Water some time, but moved up toward Loudon; says their force is from 10,000 to 13,000, with which they expect to capture Knoxville. He professes to have overheard a conversation between Vaughn and others to the effect that their force in East Tennessee was overrated, and had been diminished by re-enforcing Bragg, but that they could get Cheatham and Breckinridge if they needed them. He also says that he learned of their intention to cross 1,400 men to-day with four days' rations, who are to go up as far as Morristown and see what is there.

Captain Elms has just returned from Unitia, where he went yesterday and staid last night at Louisville. He did not find any enemy in or near Unitia to-day, but heard that two regiments of cavalry and one of infantry had crossed at Morganton this morning, and were

