
MUNFORDVILLE, December 8, 1863.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Columbia:

Colonel Strickland reports from Glasgow that courier just in from vicinity of Burkesville says that he met rebel forces going toward Glasgow. It is possible that they are your forces. He also says that Richardson had crossed the Cumberland, and had gone north from Edmonton to divert attention from Hamilton, Hughs &amp; Company

Get up all the cavalry force that you can spare, and send down Glasgow road. Get on track of rebels, kill and capture.

E. H. HOBSON.

Brigadier-General.

MUNFORDVILLE, December 8, 1863.

Colonel STRICKLAND,

Glasgow:

Colonel Weatherford sent three expeditions from Columbia on yesterday or day before, crossed Cumberland River at three points. I have telegraphed him the information just received from you. Mount every man in your command, and send them out in pursuit of rebels. Keep me advised. I have directed Captain Baker, at Cave City, to send out expedition in direction of Blue Spring Grove.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General. Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: Brigadier General N. Kimball has reported to me from Little Rock, in obedience to telegraphic orders assigning him to Indianapolis. Since sending that I have received notice that that order has been revoked.

The general desires to visit Washington, and as I know that the President is anxious for information as to the status of the people of Arkansas and I have no appropriate command for him at present.

I have ordered him to Washington to make his personal report to the President, and to receive such orders for assignment to duty as may be determined at army headquarters.

Some time since, at the request of Brigadier General J. W. Davidson, I forwarded, through Major-General Grant, a plan for movement by Davidson's cavalry division through Southeastern Arkansas, crossing the Mississippi River below Napoleon, and thence across the State of Mississippi, destroying railroads, to Columbus, Miss. and Selma, Ala.,

I should be able to send with such a movement a column of about 6,000 men, directly south from Corinth, and I believe it would be the most effectual flank movement on the Georgia army that can be made. The belt of country through which it would pass is rich in corn and cattle, and the movement would cut their lines of supply, relieve Vicksburg and this line, and effectually clear Mississippi and Tennessee.

