
positive orders from the commanders of colored troops for Tennessee to come here and recruit. I don't want any trouble with them, and have assured them that when we were through with the negroes I would see that they go into the service. Unless your order otherwise, I shall continue to refuse to allow them to recruit along my line. Please advise me.

G. M. DODGE.

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 9, 1863.

Brigadier General G. M. DODGE,

Pulaski, Tennessee:

Your action in prohibiting the recruiting of negroes from those you have pressed into service for repairing railroad and providing fuel for trains is approved. Put in arrest any one who disobeys your order.

U. S. GRANT

Major-General

CORINTH, December 9, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

My reliable scout has arrived from headquarters Okolona, with Southern papers from all quarters as late as December 6. Bragg has been superseded by Hardee. The Southern army and people are in the greatest tribulation. There is no infantry at Okolona, and none has been there.

Loring is at Canton and Grenada, in winter quarters. Our intelligence of infantry movements was all false; there was no news of Forrest or Lee there Monday night. Walker [?] has left at Okolona all his trains. They are hauling forage to that point.

He heard nothing of French's division. Forrest has with him Generals Lee, Ferguson, Ross, Richardson, and Chalmers.

I shall send you all papers received by train to-morrow. My scout says that the general impression of the people south is, that all rebel troops in Mississippi and Tennessee will be ordered to Bragg.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CORINTH, December 9, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have Mobile papers as late as 7th December, giving Bragg's farewell to his army and Hardee's order assuming command. They contain dispatches of December 3, announcing the falling back of Grant behind Chickamauga and fortifying that point; that a large Federal re-enforcement for Burnside crossed the Tennessee at Cotton Port and Kingston on Friday, 27th ultimo;; that our forces were in possession of Cleveland and advance at Charleston.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON.

Brigadier-General.

