
trying to cut him off. At this report a captain of the Twenty-seventh [Kentucky] with 25 men, who was sent out this morning, and was also at Unitia, crossed the Holston River, and is now on the other side. I gave him orders to return here to-night, and as he sent a single courier back safely, and the other party came in without seeing an enemy, I presume he is easily frightened. I don't know but that he is a good case to make an example of; there was certainly no necessity for his crossing the river.

The citizen above mentioned says he saw them, the rebels, crossing at Morganton and Niles' Ferry this morning, and that the river is too deep for fording without danger. I do not think there is any force on this side to-day, but I will take due precaution and send out strong scouting parties early in the morning, and will send any information as soon as I receive it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY, Munfordville, November 3, 1863.

Colonel WEATHERFORD,Commanding Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry:

COLONEL: Move with your command as soon as practicable to Columbia, Ky.; send one company to Greensburg for the protection of the bank and internal-revenue office at that place; instruct the commanding officer of company to keep out small scouting parties south of that point and give you notice, also giving notice to commanding officer at this place, by courier, of approach of rebel force. For the subsistence of troops at Columbia and Greensburg, supplies will be obtained at Lebanon; forage can be obtained in the country, giving the proper vouchers for the same. Commanding officer at Greensburg will give receipt for forage and order on your regimental quartermaster, who will give proper vouchers to persons furnishing forage. You will as soon as possible bring your command under rigid discipline, making regular reports to these headquarters.

Very respectfully,

HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, ILLINOIS, November 3, 1863.

Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron,

Flag-Ship Black Hawk, Mound City, Illinois:

General A. J. Smith telegraphs me from Columbus that a large rebel force is approaching Paducah, and desires me to ask you to send a gun-boat there at once, if practicable. I telegraphed him last night that you had three there.

H. T. REID,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

