
some provisions up and will see you get your share, but in the mean time you must look out for meat and mills. You can remain to Columbus to advantage by making the enemy believe we are going to turn Dalton by moving down the east side of the Oostenaula. As our next move will be Chattanooga to refit and resupply, I will want to know if you can cross at Columbus and march to Cleveland without coming round by the Charleston bridge. Morgan L. Smith's division will stay at Tellico to cover Long's expedition.

I will be at Athens to-day to-morrow, and may be longer.

Yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GILLESPIE'S LANDING,

December 10, 1863.

Colonel ASMUSSEN,

Chief of Staff, Eleventh Army Corps:

COLONEL: Two of your orderlies were here to-day making inquiries in regard to commissary stores. There are here belonging to the Fourth Army Corps about 55,000 rations, and 3 miles above here there are about 40,000 rations belonging to Sherman's corps.

There are also about forty wagon-loads of ammunition belonging to the Fourth Army Corps.

They make the inquiry to know if they can have a part of the subsistence stores for the Eleventh Army Corps. You can have them all, or all belonging to the Fourth Army Corps, upon the order of Major-General Granger, commanding the Fourth Army Corps.

We are about 20 miles below Kingston, on the north side of the river. We have flat-boats that we can ferry all over in a short time.

Please inform me where General Granger's command is at this time, and where they are bound for.

Very truly, your humble servant,

D. REMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Commissary of Subsistence.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Columbus, Tennessee, December 10, 1863-7 a.m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps, Athens, Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your communication from Athens, dated last night, arrived at 12.30 this morning.

I arrived here day before yesterday at dark, and have until the arrival of your dispatch been anxiously waiting to hear from General Sherman.

About 3,000 rebel cavalry left this vicinity at our approach. No other force can be heard of nearer than the neighborhood of Dalton. Report says the rebel cavalry have burned the bridge at Calhoun and Charleston. I hope you will find the report untrue. I am awaiting further orders from General Sherman, and in the mean time am building bridges and running the mills with good success.

