
The production of a consular certificate will be prima facie evidence of such foreign allegiance, and unless contradicted, by proof of allegiance transferred to the United States, will be fully respected.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS.

Assistant Adjutant-General

December 11, 1863-12.40 p.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

General Steele reports that the rebel forces under Price and from Texas are advancing upon Little Rock. It is also reported that they are seriously threatening West Tennessee and the Mississippi River. Admiral Porter reports that Port Hudson is also threatened. Would it not be well under these circumstances to send back some troops to Hurlbut, so that the troops detached from Steele and Schofield to West Tennessee may be returned,and also instruct McPherson to assist, if necessary, General Banks' forces on the Lower Mississippi? Rebel papers received here indicate that an effort will be made to recluse the Mississippi River during the absence of your army and that of General Banks. The movement of the latter on the Rio Grande was unexpected and contrary to the advice of the Government.

H. W. HALLECK.

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Athens, December 11, 1863-9 a.m

General JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Columbus:

DEAR GENERAL: I came over from Tellico yesterday and found General Howard here and Ewing arriving. General Howard showed me your note of yesterday 7 a.m. and I was much gratified that you had remained at Columbus. My orders to Howard to call you to Athens were conditional on what the reported from a rumor that the enemy had advanced from Dalton and occupied the line of Hiwassee and held the bridges, in which event a concentration would have been proposed and Athens the point; but the whole rumor was false, and I am glad you got to Columbus and acted as you did.

I sent you a letter from Tellico yesterday to the same effect,and now renew my orders to hold Columbus and report to me if it be possible to cross there en route for Spring Place or for Cleveland. My maps vary. The larger one puts Columbus on the Hiwassee below the mouth of Ocoee, whereas the Coast Survey maps put it above the mouth of Ocoee, which would make two bridges necessary. Report to me the fact. If Columbus be below the mouth of Ocoee, and if one bridge will pass you to Cleveland, I will order Morgan L. Smith to move that way with Long's cavalry.

I am doing all I can to get you some sugar, coffee, salt, and shoes, and hope I will succeed, but really, I think with abundant forage,

