
day as possible, and your prospects for maintaining your men and animals by procuring subsistence and forage from the enemy the country. We shall soon have steam-boats to carry your small rations as far as mouth of Hiwassee or to Cotton Port, whichever is the most convenient.

GEO. H. THOMAS.

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Kingston, Tennessee, December 11, 1863

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga, Tennessee:

GENERAL: I arrived here to-day with two brigades of the First Division the horses in good condition notwithstanding the scarcity of forage and condition of the roads. I have sent flat-boats, with the assistance of Colonel Byrd, to the islands to procure forage. Upon consultation with Colonel B., who has just returned from General Burnside's headquarters, the section of country on the south side of the Tennessee River appears to afford the best opportunity for the successful operations of cavalry. I sent from Crossville, Tennessee,on the 9th by courier to communicate with you. The same night received from General Parke, chief of staff, a note sent by Mr. Ellison, stating that he was reliable and had verbal instructions for me. This note he sent forward but has not come to me, nor can I hear anything of him. I send to communicate with General Burnside, and when I can ascertain where the services of the cavalry are required am prepared to leave the train and move with rapidity.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, and Chief of Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF TEH CUMBERLAND,

Kingston, Tennessee, December 11, 1863

Major General JOHN G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Ohio:

GENERAL: On the 28th ultimo I received the following telegram at Alexandria, Tennessee:

Move what cavalry you have with you to Kingston, taking up Colonel Byrd's command at that place, thence south in the direction of Athens, seeking the enemy and harassing him as much as possible when found. If you cannot find him report to General Burnside at Knoxville.

Impassable streams, bad roads, and scarcity of forage have delayed me. I have two brigades, First Division of cavalry, about 2,500 men, with one battery of artillery, six pieces, all in good condition.

Colonel Byrd has suggested the south side of the Tennessee as affording the best field for the success of cavalry. I have sent flat-boats to collect forage on the islands, and should I not receive instructions from headquarters Department of the Cumberland or from

