
are very important. It would require all the force at Dalton to drive me back from the position I have selected.

I hear nothing of Long, but rumor says "Yankees are at Tellico." The bushwhackers are committing murders, and playing the devil generally all over the country. I have caught a few of them, but not the worst devils.

I have no cavalry or I would scour the country for them. I shall await your further orders patiently,only don't forget my share of the supplies coming.

I am, very respectfully,

JEF. C. DAVIS.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Tellico Plains, December 11, 1863-4 p.m.

Major SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General Army and Dept. of the Tennessee:

General Sherman's note just received. I have to report all quiet, and no tidings from Colonel Long. General Lightburn left yesterday on the trail, and dispatched me last night, 15 miles out, that the country was anything but productive. We are accumulating seven days' rations for the division and three days' and some forage for Colonel Long, which if the rebels provide for him will go to waste. I shall immediately issue a general order upon the superiority of corn coffee over the miserable foreign stuff called coffee.

I shall hear from Lightburn soon, and if it is of importance I will not wait for the regular messenger, but send it immediately.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

KNOXVILLE, December 11, 1863.

Captain W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Issue orders placing General Cox in command of the forces in Kentucky to relieve General Boyle, who will report to these headquarters; also ordering General Ammen to take command of the District of Middle Tennessee, comprising the counties lying south of the Cumberland,and between the roads leading from Carthage to Clinton, and from Point Isabella to Clinton, and the garrisons at the depots of Camp Talbott, at Point Isabella, and also at Carthage.

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

MUNFORDVILLE, December 11, 1863

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Louisville:

I will send force to Rowena as soon as practicable. If the general will permit me to send part of Thirteenth Cavalry to Bukersville, Thirty-seventh Kentucky to Tompkinsville, and use Thirty-third

