
Kentucky as I may think best, will by that means advance the line, rid the country of rebels; can also co-operate with force at Scottsville. If I move force from Glasgow to Bukersville and Rowena, and send no force to Tompkinsville, it will leave gap of 60 miles open between Scottsville and Bukersville. Answer if I can make the change.

E. H. HOBSON.

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 38. Knoxville, Tennessee, December 11, 1863

In obedience to orders from the War Department the commanding general this day resigns to Major General John G. Foster the command of the Army of the Ohio.

On severing the tie which has united him to this gallant army he cannot to him by their mutual experiences in the eventful scenes of the past campaign,and who have always, regardless of every privation and of every danger, cheerfully and faithfully performed their duty. Associated with many of their number from the earliest days of the war, he takes leave of this army not only as soldiers to whose heroism many a victorious battle-field witness, but as well-tried friends, who in the darkest hours have never failed him. With the sincerest regret he leaves the department without the opportunity of personally bidding them farewell.

To thee citizen soldiers of East Tennessee, who proved their loyalty in the trenches of Knoxville, he tenders his warmest thanks.

With the highest confidence in the patriotism and skill of the distinguished officer who succeeds him, with whom he has been long and intimately connected in the field, and who will be welcomed as their leader by those who served with him in the memorable campaign in North Carolina, and by all as one identified with some of of the most brilliant events of the war, he transfers to him the command, assured that under his guidance the bright record of the Army of the Ohio will never grow dim.

By command of Major-General Burnside.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 39. Knoxville, Tennessee December 11, 1863.

In compliance with the orders of the War Department, Major General John G. Foster this day assumes the command of the Army of the Ohio.

He accepts with pride a position which his predecessor has rendered illustrious.

After a long period of unbroken friendship, strengthened by the intimate relations of active service with him in a campaign which is prominent in the history of the war, he can add to the general voice his tribute to the high worth and stainless name of the recent commander of the Army of the Ohio. The work he has so ably planned

