
and vigorously conducted, it will be the aim of the commanding general to complete.

For the future of this command he has no fears. The results of their past are around them, and confident with these high evidences of what he may expect from their courage and their patriotism, he assures them that to the fulfillment of their mission his utmost efforts shall not be wanting.

By command of Major-General Foster:

EDWARD E. PORTER.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee,

December 11, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Memphis:

If Steele requires troops, and you can possibly relieve him, do so to the extent of your ability.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CORINTH, December 11, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Memphis:

Scouts to-day from Purdy, Eastport,and Tuscumbia Valley. Forrest is conscripting every man capable of bearing arms, and taking all negro men fit for soldiers; at the same time accumulating stores at Jackson.

A part of Roddey's command crossed the Tennessee River yesterday, above Eastport, with trains, and have gone down river to Savannah, the rest of his command remains near Tuscumbia. Nothing reported in direction of Okolona.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

December 11, 1863

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Columbus:

GENERAL: I am not able from present supplies, to fill your requisition for cavalry arms. I hardly think it desirable that the Tennessee regiments now in process of organization should be cavalry proper; they are wholly unfamiliar with the saber. I have ordered 1,000 Enfields sent you for immediate armament. And in fact, I am fully satisfied they will do better as mounted infantry. Forrest is accumulating men at and around Jackson, and will attempt Union City or Paducah. He must be struck soon, and I shall be ready to throw a force that way as soon as you report yourself ready to move. The prospects are that I shall abandon the Memphis and Charleston

25 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

