
with parties who will do this work in the shortest order. Mr. Boomer, who is now at Whiteside's, proposes to do this work. You will contract with whom you please, however.

I have ordered three locomotives and all the cars but ten from the southern road - Vicksburg. Possibly if you send a man to superintend loading them on boats they will get through quicker. The road from Nashville to Decatur will have to be put in running order.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 4, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I have sent no stores up the Cumberland; will turn a lot over to the quartermaster to-day and continue forwarding while the river is up and will advise Lieutenant-Colonel Kilburn, at Cincinnati, and Major Symonds, of Louisville, of your wishes. They have large stock on hand and the Ohio is rising. Small boats were being loaded with subsistence for Nashville yesterday at Cincinnati.

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel and Chief Commissary of Subsistence.

MAYSVILLE, ALA., November 4, 1863-8.30 a.m.

Maj. Gen. U. S. GRANT:

I have just heard from General Sherman. He says he received your order and is carrying it out. Courier says that he was crossing the river at Eastport and expected his advance would be at Rogersville by this time. Elk River yesterday was not fordable. I fear he will have some trouble and delay in crossing it. There are no regular troops of rebels on this side of the river, but small bands of guerrillas and conscripting parties. I am fast cleaning the country of them.

GEORGE CROOK.

WASHINGTON, November 4, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Maj. Gen. G. H. THOMAS, Chattanooga, Tennessee:

Every possible effort has been made to increase the rolling-stock on the road from Nashville to Bridgeport. Every machine-shop and railroad in the country has been laid under contribution, and every superintendent has full powers from the War Department.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SIGNAL STATION, Brown's Ferry, November 4, 1863-11.45 a.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Tents and field-guns removed from front side of Lookout Point. Trees cut down during the night to unmask guns in northwest direction.

PUTNAM.

