
As to my going from here to Cleveland, it can be done without difficulty, unless the enemy should make a flank movement on me from the direction of Red Clay, where his cavalry now is in some force. This, however, I do not expect. Send over some wagons, and I will give you plenty of meal and flour. Give me shoes., salt, sugar, and coffee.

I have an officer taking a sketch and notes of the country. I will be happy to give them to you when completed.

I am, very respectfully,

JEFF. C. DAVIS.

Brigadier-General Commanding Division.

P. S. - I hear nothing of Long, but from the way the guerrillas are flocking, I suspect he is progressing east of here.

JEFF. C. DAVIS.

TELLICO, December 12, 1863-1.30 p..m

Major-General SHERMAN:

GENERAL: Colonel Long is now going into camp here; he went about 15 miles beyond Murphy, and destroyed a few wagons, but the train had too much the start, and went as fast as he could.

He will have a message for you in a few minutes, which I will forward, I send you this information immediately on his arrival, so that you can arrange your future course. General Lightburn will be here from the mountains by 4 o'clock.

Your obedient servant,

MORGAN L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Athens, December 12, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Kingston, East Tennessee,:

SIR: I have a communication from General Grant of December 11, containing orders for General Elliott. After he has pushed Longstreet as far as General Burnside requires, he will drop down the valley to the Hiwassee, occupy it as a line, and report his position to General Grant at Chattanooga. The points on the Hiwassee that control it are Columbus and Charleston. I have bridges at both places, but as my orders are,after covering a movement of cavalry into Georgia, via Murphy, to return to Chattanooga. I may be gone before Elliott gets here. Please send a copy of this to General Elliott if he has passed up the valley. The cars now run from Knoxville to Loudon. No enemy hereabouts; all at and below Dalton.,

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-Genera,, Commanding.

(Copy furnished for the information of General Grant.)

