
garrisons in your district to the smallest possible number compatible with the interests of the service for the purpose of sending a proper garrison to Camp Talbott and Carthage, which garrisons will also be employed to work on the roads between Camp Talbott and Carthage. Two regiments of cavalry will be used in scouring the country south of the Cumberland and freeing the country of guerrillas.

By command of Major-General Foster.

JNumbers F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE CAVALRY,Collierville, Tennessee, December 12, 1863.

S. L. WOODWARD,

A. A. G., Cavalry Division, 16th Army Corps, Memphis:

CAPTAIN: The patrols sent yesterday morning, in accordance with orders from headquarters reported as follows: Two companies sent from La Grange went south of Lamar. Met several persons from Holly Springs and below, and all make the same report, viz, the whole rebel force are moving south across the Tallahatchie. Patrols from this place to Mount Pleasant corroborate the above. No trace of the enemy along the Coldwater. Forrest at Jackson, 4,000 strong. Straggling parties crossing the railroad west of this place going south, crossing west of Germantown.

Patrols to Wolf River find nothing worthy of report.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SCOTT BELDEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Citizen just reached our lines-came from Oxford-verifies the within statement in full.

BELDEN.

CORINTH, December 12, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

I learn from several sources that General Forrest has ordered all troops in West Tennessee to Jackson, and is organizing for a raid upon the railroad. All the small detachments that were around Purdy and Hamburg have gone to Jackson. The train that passed down to Savannah, I am inclined to think, took down arms and ammunition for Forrest. He has quite a force. Fifteen hundred unarmed conscripts at Jackson, and promised to arm them speedily. I also learn from a citizen from Middle Tennessee that conscripts are being sent across the Tennessee River to Forrest. My opinion is that you will have to prepare for a demonstration from Forrest, who will have at least 6,000 men, perhaps more.

We are having a steady rain to-day which will render all streams temporarily past fording. If expeditions could be projected at the same time from La Grange, Union City, and Corinth, General Forrest and his command might be effectually disposed of.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

