
CHATTANOOGA, December 13, 1863-1.30 p.m.

(Received 1.10 a.m,., 14th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Does the order defining the limits of the Department of the Ohio take the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois out of this military division? If not, I would suggest General Hooker to command the district composed of these States.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

BRIDGEPORT, December 13, 1863.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE:

Dispatch received. Will return to Chattanooga at once.

JOHN M. PALMER.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Kingston, Tennessee, December 13, 1863.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Cumberland, Chattanooga;

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at 8.05 a.m.

of an official copy of dispatch of the 11th from the major-general commanding, and have communicated by courier its substance to Major-General Burnside, at the same time preparing to move according to the instructions received. While the command is being crossed over the Tennessee River, the First East Tennessee Cavalry have been sent to scout the country on that side of the river as far as Blount County, to clear it of some 200 or 300 rebels reported to be there in detachments of from 20 to 50. I had the honor to report by courier on the 9th from Crossville, and on my arrival at this place on the 11th; also reported to Major-General Burnside same day. The Clinch River is crossed by means of pontoon bridge, the Tennessee by means of horse ferry-boat and floating pontoon. Boats sufficient to bridge it have not been completed. From Colonel Byrd commanding, and a resident of this place, and from loyal citizens, I learn that corn is abundant on the south side of the Tennessee from Johnson's Island to the Hiwassee; long forage, wheat, cattle, and hogs scarce. Every effort will be made to subsist the command on the country and report made as directed.

I inclose herewith report of effective force.* I have information, which I regard as reliable, that Colonel Hughs, with some 200 or 300 rebels, after being driven from Sparta and Yankeetown, has gone to Spring Creek, and that the rebels have a ferry-boat at or near Flynn's Lick, on the Cumberland, by means of which they cross and carry on a contraband trade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Vols, and Chief of Cavalry.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

