
River, near Evans' Ford and Flat Creek, left Dandridge day before yesterday evening, having received an order by courier from Morristown that the headquarters of their command had been removed to the mouth of Chucky Creek, on the Warm Springs road, about 12 miles from Dandridge. From all the information I can get here, I am led to believe that Martin's brigade of rebel cavalry is located near the mouth of Chucky Creek and Franklin's, and that it is possible this force may be intending to cross the mountains into North Carolina by the Asheville road through the French Broad Gap, although they may be intending to go to Greenville by way of Warrensburg.

Will you please inform the bearer what your position and line of march are, as yours is the nearest communicating force to me, and also give him what information you can concerning the position of the rest of our army and of General Burnside's headquarters, also of the rebel infantry and cavalry.

Will you also have the goodness to transmit this dispatch to General Burnside, as I do not know where to communicate with him.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

WM. J. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 13, 1863

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just returned from the Tennessee River. Grading on Northwestern Railroad progressing. All the guerrilla bands infesting the country between the Cumberland and Duck Rivers west of this place have been routed and mostly driven beyond Tennessee River. Two of the worst leaders are disposed of-Perkins killed, and Ray and his gang captured. The latter will be tried for murder and highway robbery.

Refugees and conscripts who have crossed the Tennessee River report that Pillow and Forrest are at Jackson, West Tennessee, with 4,000 men. From 800 to 1,000 being well organized; the remainder armed with shotguns, old rifles, &amp;c., all mounted on horses or mules.

A. C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Athens, December 13, 1863.

General HOWARD:

DEAR GENERAL: We are going to Chattanooga. Long's cavalry is back, and is moving to-day toward Charleston from Tellico. I will come down to-morrow. The pontoons to which General Grant doubtless refers are with Dresser, up the Tennessee River, near Kingston, taken up by the Dunbar. I ordered Dresser to have them at Cotton Port ready to be moved to the mouth of the Hiwassee in case the bridge was broken. There is a courier-line on the west bank of the river, and General Grant, can, if notified, order

