
LOOKOUT VALLEY, November 1, 1863-2 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you that he learns that General Schurz' command is not yet on the line pointed out to him yesterday, and that nothing has been done toward placing it in a state of defense. The general requests that you will ascertain and report whether or not this report is true.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, November 1, 1863.

Major-General HOWARD,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following about the position now occupied by my troops:

Yesterday I went with General Butterfield along the line and understood him to say that I was to occupy a position on a certain range of hills on the left of General Geary, and that General Geary was to bring my two brigades which had been sent to his support in position. I found General Geary in person, and we agreed that he should place one of my brigades on the left of a regiment already in position. Later in the evening I saw General Hooker, who ordered me to place one of my brigades in reserve where I then was, so that the valley between the two rows of hills be not entirely uncovered. General Tyndale was moved into position yesterday, according to your order.

This morning I learned that General Geary had withdrawn the regiment which yesterday formed his left, and had assigned to Colonel Hecker the position of the same. My second brigade having been placed in reserve by order of General Hooker, this arrangement made by General Geary without my knowledge caused one of the hills to be unoccupied.

Colonel Hecker meanwhile had commenced cutting trees where he was. As soon as I heard of this circumstance I went to General Geary and prevailed upon him to reoccupy his old position, which would enable Colonel Hecker to extend his lines to Hill No. 5. This was done at once as soon as the agreement between General Geary and myself was made. This afternoon I ordered General Tyndale to occupy the position I showed you, and he is now fortifying himself on the same, the work progressing rapidly. The strongest of Colonel Krzyzanowski's regiment is on his right, connecting in the gorge on its right with Colonel Hecker. Three of Colonel Krzyzanowski's regiments, amounting to a little over one-half of his brigade, are still in reserve, and I believe they ought to remain so. The troops commenced throwing up earth-works as soon as placed in position, and they were marched into position as soon as the positions were ascertained.

Very respectfully, yours,

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General.

