
them down. I shall leave Long's cavalry and the Fifth Ohio north of Hiwassee when we start for Chattanooga. Be ready to march for Cleveland the day after to-morrow, and afterward to your old camp at Chattanooga.

Respectfully,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Athens, Tennessee, December 13, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Army Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of date yesterday came last evening by courier, and the general commanding directs me to answer. Colonel Long returned from his expedition yesterday about noon, and the general has directed both him and General M. L. Smith to move to Charleston, but at their leisure. The general has dates from General Grant of the 11th, who makes no mention of any of our troops being at or near Dalton, and judges it must be a mistake what your negro reports. You will move your entire command to the south side of the Hiwassee, as the Fifteenth Army Corps will reach you probably sometime during the day to-morrow. All quiet here.

I am, with much respect, yours, &amp;c.,

L. M. DAYTON,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

The general directs that General Tyndale's brigade be moved over to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,December 13, 1863.

Major General G. GRANGER,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday in respect to the physical condition and sufferings of your officers and men. I assure you that no one appreciates their gallantry and devotion in coming rapidly to the relief of the garrison of Knoxville more than myself. I am only waiting orders from General Grant to know what is to be done. Upon their receipt, hourly expected, immediate action can be taken to insure your prompt return to the army at Chattanooga or to move up the road to attack the enemy. All the buildings in town that could be had have been taken for hospitals, and your request concerning the quartering the troops in town cannot be complied with. I trust every effort will be made to tent the men during the short time that they must wait.

Very truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

