
DECEMBER 13, 1863.

General GRANGER:

GENERAL: Since my note of this morning I learn that some of the buildings taken for hospitals have not as yet been occupied. You can, therefore, have them at once. General Carter will designate them. I think he can accommodate about 3,000 men. Officers will be billeted on secesh families by him.

Yours, &amp;C.,

J. G. FOSTER.

KNOXVILLE, December 13, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT:

Telegram received. Will do all I can. The weather and want of supplies are serious obstacles. My arrangements for getting supplies by the roads are not yet complete, and I shall have to ask you to give me all you can by river and railroad. Have ordered the river bridge rebuilt as soon as possible. Longstreet has halted 8 miles beyond Rogersville. I cannot now move in force until I get the cars running, which will be in a few days, and also collect some rations. The state of the roads, and lack of supplies may force me to take a position and wait a little time until I get in better condition.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, December 13, 1863-4 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m., 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief:

General Sherman arrived in Knoxville on the 6th, but his corps did not come farther than Maryville. He returned on the 8th, and started with his corps back to General Grant. General Granger is here with his corps, the Fourth. Brigadier-General Elliott has reported from Kingston, and I have ordered him up. The lameness of my leg, which was very much aggravated by my journey, keeps me confined for a few days. As soon as possible I shall join General Parke at Bean's Station and ascertain definitely the extent of Longstreet's retreat. The rain has commenced and the roads are very bad. I shall have the bridges at Strawberry Plains and Mossy Creek put in passable condition in a day or two, so as to move the cars as far as our troops are. The weather and want of supplies are serious obstacles, but I will undertake all that the troops can sustain. It may become necessary to wait awhile before advancing in force.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 41. December 13, 1863.

The exigencies of the service require that all the cavalry forces in this department should be consolidated into a separate corps. Officers in command of divisions, brigades, and detached regiments of cav-

26R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

