
The negroes would know every path, and as they make most of their visits in the night, we should be able to march just as well in the night as in the day.

I beg that you will telegraph me to this place authority to take charge of an expedition of this kind.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 14, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Having been requested by the chief signal officer, Department of the Tennessee, to address you a letter expressing my opinion upon the value of the signal corps, its services in my department, and the conduct of the officers composing it, I deem it my duty to say that I do not regard its separate existence as either necessary or desirable, though the officers serving with it in my command have generally been skillful, energetic, and efficient. This is particularly true of the officers who have served under my immediate observation. Many of them have rendered valuable services at different times and under different organizations. The system of signalizing might become very useful. Instead, however, of the present organization, I would suggest that several officers of the regiments of the Regular Army be instructed, and when deemed necessary, assigned to duty accordingly.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 14, 1863-2 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Have heard nothing definite from general Foster for several days. Sherman sends me word that he hears that Longstreet has lost most of his artillery and baggage and many prisoners; not certainly known, however. Sherman has one division at Tellico Plains, one at Sparta, and Howard's corps on the Hiwassee. Granger is at Knoxville. Colonel Long has gone through the gorge at Tellico Iron-Works into Georgia in pursuit of a portion of Longstreet' force. Elliott must be in East Tennessee somewhere, with his division of cavalry, but I do not know where. His start and progress as long as heard from has been slow beyond any apparent excuse. Granger will remain where he is until all danger has passed; also Elliott. I do not think the accounts from Richmond papers can be correct, or I would have heard it.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

