
riority of our cavalry force. I have ordered all the cavalry in this department to push on after him and desire you to join it an once, and believe the service would suffer should you fail to do so.

The command can be easily subsisted in the country where they go.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Orders just received from General Grant places you under my orders until the enemy is driven off.

J. G. FOSTER.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tennessee, December 14, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the following instructions govern you in the exercise of your new command, and that you give immediately you personal, undivided, and most energetic attention to their execution, viz:

First. Make all necessary repairs on roads between your main supply depot, Camp Nelson, and Cumberland Gap, via Crab Orchard and London; also between Camp Nelson and the Tennessee line via Somerset.

Second. You will be responsible for the forwarding of supplies within the limits of your district.

Third. You will establish necessary forage depots on supply routes at convenient points.

Fourth. Forage for these depots must be obtained from the surrounding country by means of energetic and responsible agents, who can be selected from the inhabitants, employed and paid by the quartermaster's department, as being most familiar with the country and its resources; or if necessary other appointments, to be made at your discretion.

Fifth. So far as practicable arrangements for hauling the forage do to depots must be made with the seller; or with neighboring farmers having disposable transportation. The object of this being go economize in public transportation and wear and tear of roads. In some cases public wagons and teams may be loaned to reliable farmers, but not drivers.

Sixth. Officers of the quartermaster's department, with ample funds, must be kept moving through the country, paying promptly certificates of indebtedness against the Government for supplies purchased by your order.

Seventh. You will reduce the garrisons of all posts on the Ohio River, and others of like comparative unimportance, to the minimum number necessary, to consist of invalids as far as possible.

Eighth. Block-houses on line of railroads and other important points must be adequately garrisoned, but not in excess of actual requirements of service.

Ninth. After reorganizing and establishing the required posts and garrisons for depots, you will concentrate at Camp Nelson all

