
[CHAP. XLIII.

scattered troops within your district, and have them reorganized, equipped, drilled, and disciplined.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. GOURAUD,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Knoxville, Tennessee, December 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel R. O. SELFRIDGE, A. A. A. G., Fourth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith for the information of the commanding general of the corps and other higher commanders a report of Surgeon Blair, medical director of my division, on the sanitary condition of my command, based on an inspection made this morning. It is very evident from Surgeon Blair's report that, if the command be left much longer in its present exposed, unprotected, and unprovided condition, the ordinary military commanders will be relieved soon of the further care of very many of the men, as they will have been placed by Generals Rheumatism, Diarrhea, Pneumonia, and Typhoid Fever beyond the reach of further human care.

For reasons not necessary to be given in detail here, but which are well known to the higher commanders, the troops of the Fourth Army Corps-at least the Second and Third Divisions-have not been supplied with clothing since the march from Middle Tennessee in August last. Clothing was beginning to arrive at Chattanooga when we marched from there on the 28th ultimo, but we were not allowed to remain long enough to derive any advantage from this supply. After fighting a great battle, we were hurried off to the relief of the beleaguered garrison of Knoxville. We came cheerfully and with alacrity, not only as a matter of duty, but as a work of love. But the siege being raised (the enemy having retreated), and it being apparent that further active operations in this field for some time to come are impossible, we ask now that immediate and effective measures be taken to supply our wants. The men are not only destitute of clothing, but men and officers are suffering for want of sufficient protection in tents, and both are suffering from want of variety in the rations.

When we marched from Chattanooga we were allowed but one wagon to each regiment to transport baggage and shelter for the use of the line officers and men; of course, so limited an amount of transportation allowed us to bring but a very limited amount of protection.

We supposed we should be allowed to return to our supplied as soon as the siege should be raised, and I know of no other supplies as soon as the siege should be raised, and I know of no other effectual remedy but to allow us to return to them at once. With the difficulties of transportation with which we are surrounded, I do not believe the whole transporting power can do more than keep the troops supplied with subsistance. The country can do little more in the way of affording supplies. The local stock of subsistence is wellnigh exhausted, even to the infliction of great want, perhaps starvation, on the inhabitants.

These evils certainly require an immediate remedy.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

