
that there is nothing but a thin line. They are daily in expectation of an attack from our forces. They report that Ewell's corps is coming to join Bragg; some say by the East Tennessee railroad, others say by Atlanta. There has been a good deal of ill-feeling and quarreling among their generals. Buckner is now commanding a division. Preston has been relieved and sent to Virginia for refusing to attack this place immediately after the battle of Chickamauga. Longstreet also declined to make the attack. The enemy are fortifying at different points on the railroad between Chickamauga Station and Atlanta. Their works at Atlanta are said to be extensive. The troops have nothing now but corn-bread and bad meat. No salt meat is being issued.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, November 4, 1863.

Captain B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: Jackson Love and George Harp left here on the 2nd instant, intending to reach Cooper's Gap, on Lookout Mountain, via Lookout Valley. They succeeded in getting to a point in the valley about 3 miles from Trenton, and there found the rebel picket-lines were extended across the valley and on to Sand Mountain. After several unsuccessful attempts to get through, they went on to Sand Mountain, and there found the rebel pickets and were unable to pass them, and returned. They report a very strong picket on their lines, but, from information received from citizens, say that there is but a small rebel force in Trenton, and a very small one at Johnson's Crook, and that there are only two brigades in Lookout Valley; that General Hooker's forage train was attacked yesterday about 3 miles from Trenton, and was forced to fall back. The guard with the train lost no men, but took a few prisoners.

I remain, captain, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARKHURST,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal.

Report of M. M. Phillips, scout.

I left Chattanooga on the 23rd October, arrived in Chattanooga Valley on the 27th. On the 28th went to within 2 miles of Crawfish Spring; returned that night to a Mr. Carter's. On the 29th I went on Lookout Mountain; stopped at the house of a Mr. Hickson; remained there till the 30th, and then went down again to the valley, where I was compelled to remain concealed for three days and nights. Left there on the night of the 1st November and went to the house of Joseph Keys, at the foot of Lookout Mountain, near Cooper's Gap; remained there until last night, and came to Chattanooga to-day. On the way to Phillips' house I got the information that three brigades were on the way up the mountain; that they were near Summertown.

