
[CHAP. XLIII.

Lieutenant Colonel James H. Strong, assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Colonel John W. Barriger, chief commissary of subsistence.

Captain J. H. Dickerson, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster.

Captain Orlando M. Poe, U. S. Army, chief engineer.

Major John F. Anderson, senior aide-de-camp.

Major Edward N. Strong, volunteer aide-de-camp.

Captain George E. Gouraud, aide-de-camp.

Captain Louis Fitzgerald, aide-de-camp.

Headquarters of the department at Knoxville, Tennessee

By order of Major-General Foster:

JNumbers F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Knoxville, Tennessee, December 14, 1863.

The system of foraging having in many instances been abused by parties not authorized by the Government, the commanding general directs that no forage or subsistence for the troops be taken, except by command of the commanding officer in charge of the troops for whom the forage or subsistence is taken, when it must be done under superintendence of a competent officer, who will give proper vouchers for the same.

By order of General Foster:

JNumbers F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

CHATTANOOGA, December 14, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tennessee:

Copy of letter from Governor Bramlette to the provost-marshal-general of Kentucky, and by him referred to the general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, is herewith inclosed to you.

Not having received your order referred to by the Governor, the general commanding is ignorant of its full purport, and does not know whether or not it is your intention to impress into the military service of the United States all the able-bodied citizens of Kentucky, embraced within your district.

Kentucky, however, being a loyal State and having furnished her quota of men already in the field, and being also at present engaged in perfecting measures to enforce the general conscription act within her borders, the general commanding desires that the operation of your order may be limited to such citizens in your district as have escaped from or left other States to avoid the draft at home, and to such resident citizens as may have violated military law. Loyal citizens and Union refugees from the States in rebellion should be excluded from the operation of your order. So far as Tennessee is concerned the impressment order is approved.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

ELY S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

