
[CHAP. XLIII.

operations, I applied to General Grant for re-enforcements to be sent to General Smith at Columbus. These troops are now arriving at Columbus, and General Smith has orders to move with them as soon as his force is organized through Paris and Huntington on Jackson

The Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry and the Thirty-second Wisconsin, with a battery, have been moved to Moscow and attached to the cavalry division. They are now being mounted.

Their line of march will be probably through Fayette Corners on Jackson, together with a regiment or two of cavalry.

Two infantry regiments of Tuttle's command, with a battery, will move northerly from Saulsbury or perhaps by the way of Purdy, making a support for such of Mizner's cavalry as can be spared.

Forrest has about 1,100 armed men and about 2,500 unarmed.

As soon as the rivers fall, and the road is practicable, the movement will be ordered, and I do not think he will get away.

If you hae conveniences for so doing, it would be well to prepare a couple of pontoons at Corinth.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

PULASKI, Tennessee, December 15, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Chattanooga:

I captured a party of rebels to-day under command of Major Jo. Fontaine, General Roddey's adjutant. They have been on a reconnaissance along line of Chattanooga and Nashville Railroad, and along line of this. They tapped the telegraph and took off a number of dispatches, and I guess got pretty well posted. Their orders were to examine thoroughly the railroad between Columbia and Nashville, and also to endeavor to capture a train loaded with prisoners from Chattanooga. They are evidently posted on weakness of force between Columbia and Nashville, and no doubt will endeavor to burn those bridges. I have a man in from Montgomery, Ala., eight days on road. All troops in Alabama picking up conscripts are ordered to Hardee. All men between sixteen and sixty are called out to replace them. Two brigades last of November went through to Bragg. This is all the force that so far has gone up. The boys met large numbers of deserters left since last fight.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pulaski, Tennessee, December 15, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Comdg. Army of the Tennessee, Chattanooga:

By dispatch from General Grant I learn you are expected at Chattanooga in a few days. I, therefore, report the operations of my command since you left.

We have nearly completed road from Duck River to Elk Mount, putting in some very large structures. I have fortified most of the important points. The command north of Duck River, not commencing repairs of that part of road as expected by you, under orders of Major-General Grant, I have put heavy force of mechanics and

