
In accordance with these directions I have established with one regiment a courier-line from Calhoun to Loudon, and thence to Kingston, the officer stationed at the east end of this line to report to General Elliott.

With a second regiment I have formed a line from Calhoun to Chattanooga via Cleveland and Harrison.

A third regiment is stationed at Columbus, on the Hiwassee River, to guard the crossing at that point and the fords above the town.

A fourth regiment, stationed immediately at Calhoun, guards the town and the bridge over the Hiwassee connecting with Charleston. My headquarters I have made on the Hiwassee, above and near the town of Calhoun, and have three regiments of the command encamped immediately about me.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Comdg. Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,Numbers 21. Charleston, December 15, 1863.

I. The brigade of cavalry commanded by Colonel Long, re-enforced by the Fifth Ohio, Colonel Heath, will take post on the Hiwassee, guarding it as a line looking toward Georgia, more especially the railroad bridge at Charleston. Colonel Long will dispose his forces to that end, and will subsist on the resources of the country till other arrangements be made.

II. The Battalion Third U. S. Cavalry will push forward and overtake the Fifteenth Army Corps at or beyond Cleveland and follow its movements.

III. Colonel Long will open communication by courier with General Grant at Chattanooga, and General Elliott at Kingston or Loudon, and as soon as re-enforced by General Elliott he will relieve the Fifth Ohio, which will then proceed to overtake the Fifteenth Army Corps, and report for duty to its commander.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. W. SAWYER,

Assistant adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,Numbers 22. Cleveland, Tennessee, December 15, 1863.

The troops of his command will move at 7 o'clock a. m. to-morrow in the following order:

I. The Eleventh Corps, Major-General Howard commanding, by the road leading through McDaniel's Gap.

II. The two divisions of the Fifteenth Corps, the Fourth Division in the advance, by the road through Julian's Gap.

III. The division commanded by General Jeff. C. Davis following the Eleventh Corps.

Commanding officers of the troops named will report by staff officer to the commanding general at Ooltewah, after the heads of col-

27 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

