
[CHAP. XLIII.

umns have passed the gaps. The columns will be kept well closed up, with good rear guards, and care taken that no stragglers are left behind.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE OHIO,Numbers 107. December 15, 1863.

* * * * * *

5. Major-General Granger, commanding Fourth Army Corps, will move at once with all his available force to Blain's Cross-Roads. He will take as much artillery as he can furnish horses for, giving the guns and caissons 4 horses each. Should he think advisable, will use the railroad as far as possible to transport the troops to Strawberry Plains.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Foster:

JNumbers F. ANDERSON,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, December 15, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Cavalry, Kingston, Tennessee:

Your communication from Kingston of the 13th received at 9 a.m. this day. The major-general commanding directs that for the present you establish your headquarters at Athens and post pickets at Calhoun, Columbus, and Tellico Plains, and notify these headquarters at what point on the river you with your provisions landed, and they will be sent you. The general also wishes your views as to the propriety of posting yourself at Tellico Plains. Although it would give you a greater distance to haul your supplies of provisions, it might give you a better section in which to forage, and you would hold a greater extent of country. Inclosed herewith I send you a copy of orders* making change in the cavalry. Please send down the First Tennessee Regiment as soon as possible, as it is much needed in our front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Kingston, December 15, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER:

Company E of my old regiment that is now down at White's Creek informs me that a body of about 40 rebels made an attempt to cross the river near where they are stationed. They fired into the

---------------

*Transferring First Tennessee Cavalry from First Brigade. First Division, to Third Brigade of same division, and Twenty-eighth Kentucky Mounted Infantry from third Brigade, First Division, to First Brigade, First Division.

---------------

