
rebels and took about 14 of them prisoners. About 12 of them succeeded in crossing to the south bank of the Tennessee. They were armed with Colt revolvers and axes. The prisoners say that John Morgan was among those that crossed the river and made their escape.

Respectfully,

R. K. BYRD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE FORCES,Yoe's House, December 15, 1863-2.30 a.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Advance Forces:

GENERAL: I have just arrived here, and after consultation with General Shackelford, we have concluded it will be better to take up as good a position as we can find about midway between here and Rutledge, where we will be within supporting distance of the other troops, this position being untenable. General Shackelford is firmly convinced that Longstreet is in our front, and under such circumstances I do not think it prudent to get my artillery so far from support. We will order the trains back beyond Rutledge as soon as my troops are out of the way. Let us hear from you with instructions as often as practicable. I hope this will be satisfactory.

I am, genera, yours, truly,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCE FORCES,Half Mile in Advance of Godwin's House,

December 15, 1863-7 a.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Comdg. U. S. Forces in Advance, Rutledge:

GENERAL: I have established a line here at Godwin's house, and fortified with rails, but since daylight we discovered a better position half a mile to the front. Am just moving out to fortify there. Report just in says the enemy are pressing us pretty hard on the left of our picket front, 2 miles from here. Have ordered the picket re-enforced, and to contest the ground stubbornly till we can establish our new line. I would suggest that the Ninth Corps move out in this direction to some good line of defense, and establish themselves, as we are doing, so that they will be in position to come to our relief or cover our retreat should that become necessary. If we can get our new line established, we shall be able to develop their strength beyond question before we are compelled to fall back. Even if we advance, it will be well to have these semi-fortified positions to fall back upon in case of disaster.

I am, general, yours, truly,

MILO S. HASCALL,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

