
At Phillips' house I got the information that Cheatham's division had gone to re-enforce Buckner, who was after Burnside. At Hickson's house on the mountain I ascertained that the Wauhatchie and the Nickajack traces were guarded; that they had six pieces of cannon at the two gaps, and that every point on the mountain was guarded. From Mr. Shade Farmer, who is a reliable man, I ascertained that Beauregard had applied for the troops he had sent Bragg before the fight, but that Bragg refused to give them up. Farmer estimates their forces at 80,000. I ascertained that the troops on Lookout Mountain got their provisions up the mountain by the Summertown road. I ascertained from Mr. Forrest, at whose house there are several rebel officers boarding, that their force was in all 80,000. The militia are gathering up conscripts. They are taking all between eighteen and forty-five, without much regard as to their health or whether they are crippled. They are also for some reason taking the ages of all persons. It is the general supposition among what citizens I talked with that they are preparing for a move into Kentucky.

M. M. PHILLIPS.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 4, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

A. T. SNODGRASS,Captain, in Charge of Scouts.

CORINTH, November 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

When may I expect the additional force you propose sending to this post? We are reduced to Engineer regiment of white troops, and about 850 untried African descent troops, making whole infantry force about 1,200. When General Dodge crosses the river, as he proposes to do to-morrow, it will enable the enemy to throw the whole force now in his front against this post, in which event I consider my force too weak.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 4, 1863.

COMMANDING OFFICER, La Grange, Tennessee:

Send courier to Colonel Mizner and to Colonel McCrillis that the enemy, about 3,000 strong, are on south side of Coldwater, at Quinn's Mill. That Hatch is holding them there, waiting for their co-operation.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

