
ployed upon this road, with its full organization and equipment and tools. I desire to have sent to Bridgeport whatever portion of it can be spared from the Eastern Department. The road is 150 miles in length, and is in bad condition throughout. Labor is very scarce here, especially skilled laborers. The transfer would be temporary.

M. C. MEIGS.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tennessee, December 16, 1863.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Military Division of the Mississippi:

SIR: On my arrival here I found the inclosed report of cavalry serving in the District of Kentucky* awaiting me. I have telegraphed for a similar report of the mounted infantry, and will forward a copy as soon as I receive it, accompanied by a recommendation as to the movements of such commands as can be spared from the district to participate in the contemplated movement of our cavalry in West Tennessee and North Mississippi. I have already informed General Crook of what is designed, and this morning I received a telegram from him, a copy of which I inclose,* and request that the concentration of his command may be ordered immediately, if practicable. The ordnance he requires is already drawn and will go forward to-day.

There are on hand here and ready to issue about 500 cavalry horses. These I will have drawn and sent forward immediately, and in addition to those already supplied, I think they will be sufficient. General Hurlbut should be actively engaged in preparing his cavalry, and I would request that he be instructed accordingly.

When your preparations are a little further advanced a steam-boat, suitable for ferrying the command over the Tennessee River, should be ordered to Eastport for that purpose, properly convoyed. This boat can take up supplies of rations and forage.

May I ask that any important information relating to the cavalry may be forwarded to me by mail or telegraph?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cav., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 292. Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel L. C. Eston, quartermaster, U. S. Army, having reported at these headquarters in accordance with his assignment by the War Department, is announced as chief quartermaster of the Army of the Cumberland, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Lieutenant Colonel A. P. Porter, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to Major-General Thomas, in obedience to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

