
[CHAP. XLIII.

tively in regard to the Twenty-third Corps, and replied fully to all dispatches received. I directed the courier who carried the dispatches to take a road which would take him in a little below Rutledge. A deserter from Longstreet's army reports that his brigade moved farther down from below Rogersville a few miles on Sunday. I fear you have had his whole army on your hands to-day. The enemy are at Thorn Hill in considerable force, and they are reported at other points between the river and the mountain. Please send me as early intelligence as possible. Success to you. The disposition of the troops between the river and Cumberland Gap will depend upon the information I may receive.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Flat Creek, December 16, 1863-4. p.m.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, Comdg. Fourth Corps,

Or, in case General Granger has not arrived, to

Major General JOHN G. PARKE, Commanding.

GENERAL: I have arrived here with the First and Third Brigades of my division. The Third Brigade, which marched in advance of the two, is coming into camp. It will be quite dark by the time the First Brigade (General Willich) is in. The Second (General Hazen's) Brigade, which marched yesterday, is encamped a mile in advance. As the two brigades which have marched with me to-day have made a long march to-day, having marched from camp, 1 1/2 miles south of Knoxville, crossing the Holston River, I deem it better to halt here and allow the troops to close up well, rather than go on this evening to the cross-roads, reported to be 2 miles distant. I am here in easy supporting distance of the troops encamped at the cross-roads. Orders can reach me here in a very short time, if it is desired in the night that I should move up. If I do not receive other orders between this and morning, I will move with the First and Third Brigades to where my Second Brigade is encamped, and wait for further instructions, or so soon as the junction is made will report to the major-general commanding the corps in person.

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier General of Volunteers, Comdg. Third Div., Fourth Corps.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Armstrong's Ford, December 16, 1863-6.20 p.m.

Brigadier General E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The First Brigade, First Division, with section of artillery, is encamped here. On my arrival I found upon examination that the ford is good but too deep for artillery or wagons, being 4 feet 6 inches and river rising, the banks on both sides bad. I have the Second Brigade, First Division, camped at forks of road, and

