
unless the river falls to-night will move the whole command at daybreak by the road on this side of the river to Strawberry Plains, thence to New Market.

I am, general, very respectfully,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 196. Cincinnati, Ohio, December 16, 1863.

So much of the States of Tennessee and Kentucky as lie south of the Cumberland River and between the roads leading from Carthage,, Tennessee, to Clinton, Tennessee, and from Clinton, Tennessee, to Point Isabel, Ky., including the garrisons at the depots of Camp Talbott, at Point Isabel, and also at Carthage, is hereby constituted a district of this department, to be known as the District of Middle Tennessee.

Brigadier General Jacob Ammen, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the District of Middle Tennessee, with headquarters at Camp Talbott.

By command of Major-General Foster:

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tennessee, December 16, 1863.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Comdg. District of Middle Tennessee:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to give you the following instructions with regard to the prosecution of repairs upon the roads in the district under your command: It is designed to establish two depots for supplies upon the Cumberland River, one at Point Isable, at the mouth of the Big South Fork, the other at Carthage. The roads leading from these points to Knoxville are to be placed in such state of repair that supplies sufficient for the needs of the Army of the Ohio can be transported during the winter.

Both of these roads will lead to Knoxville by the way of Clinton. General Boyle has already commenced erecting warehouses at Point Isabel, and has 200 or 300 negro laborers employed in repairing the road from Somerset to the river. The road from Point Isabel to Clinton requires to be first completed, and next the road from Carthage to Clinton.

Major Simpson, of the Engineer Corps, has been directed to construct field-works at each of these depots for their proper defense, and General Boyle has been ordered to furnish suitable garrisons. Depots will be established at proper distances along the roads. These depots will be supplied as far as possible with grain and forage from the surrounding country. Quartermasters will be detailed at these points, who will be furnished with funds to purchase supplies. The general commanding is confident that under your direction these works will be speedily completed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.

