
[CHAP. XLIII.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Union City, Tennessee, December 16, 1863.

(Received 19th.)

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee:

GENERAL: The artillery and transportation have not yet arrived from Saint Louis. I will be able to leave by the 21st instant (Monday) if it should arrive as late as Saturday.

It is now raining hard, and the roads and bottoms will be in such a condition as to make our progress slow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 16, 1863.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH:

GENERAL: I think from all I can learn that a movement is probable on Fort Pillow soon. From the lay of the land it is easily accessible from Jackson and Brownsville, while in the present stage of water in the Hatchie it is almost an impossibility for my troops to get there from the railroad without going by way of Bolivar.

If you have any spare infantry it would be prudent to drop a regiment of new troops down by boat to Fort Pillow, and if no necessity shall arise for their being used there it will relieve the Fifty-second Indiana, so that they can be put into active service with your column.

It may be advisable for you to drop your column down to Fort Pillow and move from that point, although I consider the inland movement the best. This, however, I leave for you to determine.

I have no doubt that unless soon attacked and crushed Forrest will gather a formidable force and be of serious injury on the river, depending of course for his effectiveness upon what artillery he can raise.

I have no infantry to send from this place, or I should do so promptly. My infantry force is exceedingly light at Memphis.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 16, 1863.

Brigadier General N. B. FORREST,

C. S. Army:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication by flag of truce of 13th December.

I shall take pleasure in forwarding it at once to Nashville, and in certifying to its genuineness as received by me.

In reply to so much of your letter as refers to the unnecessary wrongs and injuries inflicted on non-combatants, I regret that the discipline of both armies has not been equal to the task of wholly suppressing these outrages.

