HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

GENERAL: I shall start on the steamer to-day for Nashville. Will probably be gone until the 26th instant. I will instruct my adjutant-general to refer all matter requiring immediate action to you, and request that you will act in all matters, particularly in supplying anything wanted by Foster, without waiting to hear from me.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: General Grant directs that the steamer Chattanooga be immediately loaded with assorted ammunition, hospital stores, sugar, and coffee, and sent back to Loudon. Also as soon as she has discharged her cargo that she be instructed to move all the stores previously sent from here and left at Kingston and below to the same point, for the use of General Foster's command. After having done this work to return here without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE CROOK,

Huntsville, Ala.:

The following dispatch received:

The following dispatch received:

General Elliott is ordered to relieve Colonel Long and Colonel Long is to report for further orders to General Thomas. You will send to General Crook such orders as you wish to effect a concentration.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

You will, therefore, concentrate your whole command at Huntsville, except Colonel Long's brigade, at the very earliest practicable moment. You will have to cross Elk River at the crossing of the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad,and if that is a more convenient point of rendezvous, collect your command there. Two regiments of mounted infantry from General Dodge's command will be added to you, and I will try and send one or two cavalry regiments from this point.

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

