
On my arrival here I found detachments that had been off duty two months, awaiting arms and equipments. I know there is great difficulty in getting an adequate supply, and I report these facts and make the above suggestions not through any disposition to find fault, but simply to aid in remedying the evils pointed at.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General Chief of Cavalry, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General JEFF, C. DAVIS,

Commanding Division, Chattanooga:

DEAR GENERAL: IN our recent short but most useful campaign. it was my good fortune to have attached to me the corps of General Howard and the division commanded by yourself. I now desire to thank you personally and officially for the handsome manner in which you and your command have borne yourself throughout. You let in the pursuit of Bragg's army on the route designated for my command, and I admired the skill with which you handled the division at Chickamauga, and more especially in the short and sharp encounter at nightfall near Graysville.

When General Grant called on us unexpectedly and without due preparation to march to Knoxville for the relief of General Burnside, you and your officers devoted yourselves to he work like soldiers and patriots, marching through cold and mud without a murmur, trusting to accident for shelter and subsistence.

During the whole march, wherever I encountered your command, I found all its officers at their proper places and the men in admirable order. This is the true test, and I pronounce your division one of the best ordered in the service. I wish you all honor and success in your course, and shall deem myself most fortunate if the incidents of war bring us together again.

Be kind enough to say to General Morgan, General Beatty, and Colonel McCook, your brigade commanders, that I have publicly and privately commended their brigades, and that I stand prepared at all times to assist them in whatever way lies in my power.

I again thank you personally and beg to subscribe myself,

Your sincere friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Chattanooga, December 18, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: As the events of the war brought us together and have as suddenly parted us, I cannot deny myself the pleasure it gives me to express to you the deep personal respect I entertain for you. I had known you by reputation, but it needed the opportunity our short campaign gave me to appreciate one who mingled so gracefully and perfectly the polished Christian gentleman and the prompt, zealous, and gallant soldier.

