
IUKA, November 4, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

I shall leave here sometime to-morrow; shall clean up everything and send telegraph operator, &amp;c., on last train. Roddey only is in my front. Lee has gone toward Decatur. Ferguson's brigade, of Lee's division, is at Russelville. Blair finished crossing this morning. Fuller will be over to-night.

The cavalry at La Grange sent me the meanest old poor mule horses for teams that they could find. They did not in any part obey Colonel Nigh's order. I only discovered it here to-day, too late to retrieve the matter; otherwise we are in good shape.

Shall leave the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry, Colonel Rinaker, with two pieces of artillery, at Eastport. Gunboats will cover him. Am building a strong for also.

Any orders please send to-night.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 4, 1863.

Brig. Gen. G. M. DODGE,Second Div.,16th Army Corps, Eastport, via Iuka:

You now leave me and I regret the separation. All your duties eye on this region of country, as I think they will break from Chattanooga in twenty days and swing a heavy force into Mississippi. Caution your officers against straggling on the march; it is the vice of our soldiers. Good-by and good fortune to you.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Iuka, Miss., November 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel PHILLIPS,Commanding Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry:

You will deliver your train to Colonel Mersy, commanding Second Brigade, with the accompanying instructions, and as soon as you are prepared thereafter you will cross your command over the Tennessee River in preference to all others. As soon as you are over you will establish your camp with the camp of Fuller's brigade or Mersy's brigade, as convenience may dictate, and then move with your command into the country, and take all horses, mules, cattle, and sheep that will tend to mount or feed a command, and bring them in, reporting your arrival to the column wherever I may be. You are given discretionary powers in relation to your movements after crossing the river and until your return to the column, but should return in four days.

By order of Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

