HEADQUARTERS, Minot's House, Maynardville, December 18, 1863.

General W. L. ELLIOTT,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note is just received and I would suggest that you satisfy yourself by a reconnaissance as to whether or not the enemy commands Nance's Ford. I regret to say that it is impossible to give you any aid in provisions, as we are entirely dependent on the country for what we can pick up from day to day. From all I can learn your troops will, on the south side of the Holston, find ample supplies from the country, and those on this side will have to gather what they can. On Sunday last there was a cavalry force of the enemy near Morristown, reported at 3,500 strong. Since that, however, we have heard nothing of them.

I am, general, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

1.30

Since this was received here General Foster has arrive and written you in reference to the move.

J. G. P.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CORPS, ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Numbers 3. Near Blain's Cross-Roads, Tennessee

December 18, 1863.

As the troops of this corps will in a great measure, be obliged to depend upon the country for subsistence and supplies individual foraging is strictly prohibited, as it only leads to pillaging and plunder, and to economize the resources at hand, the following regulations are established:

Foraging details will hereafter be made by brigades and placed under the command of an energetic and intelligent officer, who will provide himself beforehand with blank receipts, filling in the name of the party from whom provisions and forage are taken; also stating the quantity. Individuals to whom these receipts are given will present them to the brigade quartermaster or commissaries (as the case may be), who will give in place of them the proper vouchers, certifying that the supplies will be accounted for in their returns of the current month, so that the holders may experience no difficulty in making the collection from the disbursing officers in Knoxville. In questionable cases as to the individual's loyalty the receipts will be referred to the division commissary of quartermaster, who will indorse the result of their investigations and direct the brigade commissary or quartermaster to give vouchers accordingly. Supplies and forage collected in this manner will be immediately turned over to the brigade commissary or quartermaster, who will make a pro rata distribution of the same to their respective commands on the regular returns and requisitions, and the surplus, if any, carried in the teams. While it is advisable to have supplies and provisions, it is important that only so much be pressed as is absolutely necessary for the commands. Officers in command of foraging parties will use their discretion in leaving sufficient supplies for the main-

