
[CHAP. XLIII.

tenance of families upon whom requisition is made. Division and brigade commanders and directed to see that this order is literally carried out.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, December 18, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis, Tennessee:

It is represented that your General Orders, Numbers 157, conflict with the law and orders of the War Department in regard to the enrollment and draft in Kentucky. It is complained of by Governor Bramlette and the provost-marshal-general. It should be modified accordingly.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CORINTH, December 18, 1863.

(Received 19th.)

General GRIERSON:

My scouts brought in 18 men conscripted for the rebel army to-night. From one of them, who left Jackson Tuesday evening, 15th, Ii learn that there were but few troops at Jackson. He saw but one regiment, and no bustle, stir, or anything to indicate the presence of a large number. He heard of many, but saw few. Forrest was there. Conscripts were brought in daily for examination. He met Newso, Bell, and Wilson with, he thinks, 2,000 men, many unarmed, near Jackson, on 13th. They were going to Tupelo for arms. He saw no artillery or entrenching going o n, and can tell nothing of the actual strength or designs of the enemy.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CORINTH, December 18, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

On Tuesday Forrest sent all his unarmed conscripts under protection of a column of his cavalry to Pontotoc to be armed; they passed near and through Purdy on Tuesday, traveling all night; they passed east of this post, arriving 15 miles south of Iuka Wednesday morning.

Yesterday the escort returned to Jackson, Tennessee, the unarmed men going on to Pontotoc; they number about 2,000. They stated they were to get arms and ammunition at Pontotoc, and were then immediately to rejoin Forrest at Jackson; they were all mounted and their stock in good condition.

Part of Roddey's command yesterday were on the other side of the Tennessee River driving cattle and hogs in direction of Eastport; they were just below Savannah. The beef and hogs were for Bragg's army.

