
[CHAP. XLIII.

inth, as the road may be best, to Purdy; taking at least 100 rounds of ammunition per man and ten days' light rations; no tents.

3. General Grierson's column from Moscow will move to La Grange by common roads, and General Tuttle's infantry and artillery by rail from La Grange as early as possible Sunday morning, December 20. The movement from the line of the railroad to Bolivar and Purdy to be made as rapidly as possible.

4. In case of junction of the two columns the senior officer present will take command.

5. The enemy will be attacked wherever found and vigorously pursued in whatever direction he may retreat.

6. Pillaging and straggling will be rigidly repressed and violence, house-burning, or other gross outrage punished by drum-head courtmartial. The troops must not unnecessarily injure peaceable citizens, but will take horses, mules, and forage, and, if necessary, provisions, giving vouchers, "not transferable, payable on proof of loyalty". None but commissioned officers will take such articles, of which they shall keep a record. Receipts or vouchers will be signed officially and state the command for and by which the articles are taken.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, December 18, 1863.

General U. S. GRANT:

I have already ordered Captain Shirk to get the gun-boats over the shoals the moment he can do so.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 19, 1863-2.40 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Comdg. Department of the Cumberland, Chattanooga:

The Secretary of War directs that you instruct the commanding officers at Stevenson and Nashville to furnish the necessary supplies of food, clothing and shelter to destitute women and children coming within our lines. Separate abstracts will be kept of the issue made in each department and proper returns made to the heads of departments in this city.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General, Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 562. Washington, December 19, 1863.

* * * * * *

33. Colonel D. C. McCallum, additional aide-de-camp, Superintendent of Military Railroads, will immediately proceed to Chattanooga,

