
Tenn, with such portion of his constructing forces as can be spared from the front, and report in person to Brigadier-General Meigs, Quartermaster-General U. S. Army.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRIDGEPORT, December 19, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

I have seen enough of my official papers from the Mississippi to satisfy me I should be there. I propose, first, General Logan to take the Fifteenth Corps, as already arranged. Second, that Dodge's entire command, re-enforced by all that can be spared from Corinth, move at once rapidly to Florence, Tuscumbia, Russellville, and Glasgow, Miss.; there cross Tombigbee and break up that railroad all the way back to Corinth, and then resume his place near Decatur. Third, that I proceed to Memphis, after a very short visit to Ohio, and organize a force to go up Yazoo River and attack Grenada from the south; that McPherson be allowed to manage things on the lower river according to his own judgment, subordinate to the general plan. Fourth, that the gun-boats patrol the Tennessee very closely, and let General Walker [?] rampage at pleasure in West Tennessee until the people are sick and tired of him, when the cavalry, as already ordered, can get on his heels and chase him to the wall.

I deem General W. Sooy Smith too mistrustful of himself for a leader against Forrest; Mower is the better man for this duty. All this could be accomplished and I be back to lead this army in the field before the plan of grand campaign is determined. I will come to Nashville on to-morrow by train and merely telegraph this in advance that you may be prepared to answer. I will bring my report of past events in field. I shall leave my adjutant-general here with officers of the general staff to transact business until our meet again.

W. T. SHERMAN.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY,Nashville, Tennessee, December 19, 1863-10 a.m.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,

Grant's Staff, Chattanooga, Tennessee:

Steamers should not leave Paducah until our preparations are further advanced. They should carry up 20,000 rations of provisions and as many of forage, and, if possible, two covered barges each. General Crook gives a very discouraging account of the condition of his division, and it may take longer than it was anticipated to supply indispensable articles.

Sorry you cannot go along.

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

