
If it is consistent with the service, I would be glad to know something of the contemplated movement of Thomas' army, particularly as to time. It is probable that the enemy are pushing the work on the Hiwassee railroad bridge, which when finished will enable them to concentrate a very large body of troops against us before notice could be given to you if telegraphic communication should be broken.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Maryville, Tennessee, November 4, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

The scouting party from the Niles' Ferry road has returned; they met the enemy's pickets some miles this side and drove them several miles without any result. All the citizens report seven regiments this side the river and say they are still crossing at that placce and above, and report the infantry on the other side. The rebels say they intend to take this place and all of East Tennessee. My scouting party on the Morganton road went to the river; none there on this side and none at Unitia or vicinity. There is a road goes around the east side of the Chilhowee Mountains by which they can go and come down the Little Pigeon and get in the neighborhood of Morristown if they wish, but I think they could hardly get back.

I will send out a regiment to-night to try and capture some of their pickets or scouts on the Niles' Creek road. Colonel [Wolford] has purchased but few horses.

Respectfully,W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Maryville, Tennessee, November 4, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Your dispatch received; also General Potter's. Everything quiet this morning. Two rebel prisoners were captured last night about 5 miles from here. One says that about 5,000 rebels crossed the river yesterday evening and camped on the river; the other says only one brigade and that they all recrossed. I sent them to Knoxville; also two deserters from Bragg's force.

A citizen reports that about 150 rebels came up the Niles' Ferry road to within 6 miles of this to a house where there is a wounded rebel soldier. Dr. Cates of this place has been attending the soldier, and told him there were thousands of Yankees here; that the hills were covered with them, at which the 150 retired. If I can find that this doctor has been giving any kind of information, I will send him up. He is a rebel. It is very difficult to get accurate information at so great a distance. I think I will have positive intelligence to-night. These prisoners say that Stevenson is at Loudon.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

