
Memphis and Vicksburg and go up the Red River as high as Shreveport, and make that rich country pay in gold or cotton of all depredations on our river commerce.

Please think of these things, and if you agree with me collect information as to boats burned, fired on, &amp;c., that we may let people remote from the river see that we hold them responsible for the acts of Dick Taylor and kindred spirits. I must be back so as to command the army in the field in all February, so no time can be lost. Forrest (at Jackson, Tennessee) is not hurting us. We are not interested in the fate of the people he is harassing. I propose to strike at large armies and large interests, and let the smaller ones work out their salvation. Should you with to communicate with me telegraph at Lancaster, Ohio.

Your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,Numbers 26. Bridgeport, December 21, 1863.

I. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 23, from these headquarters December 17, 1863, as directs that the First Battalion, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, take charge of ten of the pontoon-boats in modified in this respect, viz: The boats will be turned over at this point for the use of the balance of the Fifteenth Corps.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 21, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Captain Baylor, ordnance officer, will ship the greater part of the ordnance stores called for by General Foster to-morrow. It will be necessary to have about one car each day from Nashville to Bridgeport to keep up the supply of ordnance stores for this post and Knoxville. We have no clothing or camp equipage here. Have ordered supply for Foster to be sent forward, and will ship to him immediately on its arrival in about four days.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, Tennessee, December 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Second Cavalry Division, Huntsville, Ala.:

Troops have been ordered from General Logan's command, and are on the way.

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

