
been obeyed since they have been under his command. The siege of Knoxville, the series of battles recently fought in its vicinity, and the memorable East Tennessee campaign, will occupy a permanent and prominent place in the annals of the great rebellion, and will be forever cherished in the recollection of a loyal and a redeemed people. It is a source of pride for the general to know that in all these exciting scenes, and more particularly the late engagements at Huff's Ferry, Campbell's Station and in front of the beleaguered city of Knoxville, the troops of his command bore such a conspicuous and honorable part. Bravely and without murmuring have they confronted dangers and submitted to privations and exposure to which soldiers have seldom been subjected during the war. To the officers of the Twenty-third Army Corps, whose efficient service, uniform courtesy, and gentlemanly conduct have endeared them to the general commanding, he acknowledges his obligations and tenders his thanks. The assurance that fraternity of feeling and unity of action have characterized their mutual intercourse for two and a half months affords to the general the greatest pleasure. General Cox comes not to us without a reputation and a name as an accomplished soldier. He has served with distinction since the commencement of the war, and cannot fail to exercise command with ability and to the satisfaction of all. With the best and warmest wishes for the future success of the gallant Twenty-third Army Corps, and its officers and men, the general bids them an affectionate farewell.

By command of Brigadier-General Manson:

REUBEN C. KISE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 37. Near Blain's Cross-roads, December 21, 1863.

In compliance with paragraph 2, Special Field Orders, Numbers 112, current series, from headquarters Department of the Ohio, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

The following staff officers are announced and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Major G. M. Bascom, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Edwin D. Saunders, assistant adjutant-general.

Lieutenant Colonel J. T. Sterling, acting assistant inspector-general.

Lieutenant Theodore Cox, aide-de-camp.

The other officers of the corps staff now on duty will continue to act until further orders.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, December 21, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Knoxville:

I am pushing forward everything possible for you with all rapidity. As soon as all things are complete in the rear (which I think will be by the 26th), I shall start from here and go to Knoxville.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

