
If Colonel Foster has returned please communicate this note to him. The object of this move is mainly a demonstration, and it may result in the enemy's evacuating the gap, which is desirable. Should you find that he holds it too strong for you to engage. I do not wish it done, but in connection with the infantry force I have no doubt we can get possession of the gap.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY,Columbia, Ky., December 22, 1863.

Captain A. C. SEMPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have at last succeeded in alarming the rebels, south of the Cumberland River. My orders to scouting parties sent over the river to take no prisoners has had a good effect. Communication from rebel Colonel Hughs complains of my orders, and says that I should not hold him responsible for the conduct of Ferguson, Richardson, and Hamilton, and the cause of his now being in Tennessee is that he cannot get out. I think I will demand his surrender. I have information to-day that Hughs has issued a proclamation that he would kill every man belonging to guerrilla bands who were in the habit of making raids into Kentucky. His command fought some other rebel command, killing and wounding 30 of their number. Quite a number of rebel deserters are making application to return to their loyalty. Judge Sam. Bowles, Cy. Hutchison, and others, are making application to take the oath, give bond, and remain at home; they seem, from the tone of their letters, to be entirely penitent and are willing to assist in putting an end to disturbances in our State. What shall I do with them? Must citizens and deserters accept terms of the President's proclamation and amnesty? If so, send me instructions, form of oath, and bond, also necessary blanks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, December 22, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Mr. A. B. Goodhue has reported here to take charge of railroads under orders from Mr. Anderson. Shall General Webster be relieved? I do not like these civilian railroad men.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, December 22, 1863.

General GRIERSON:

I am just informed that Chalmers is in readiness to strike and cripple the road and fall on rear of any force sent against Forrest; also that there are several secret ferries on the Hatchie above and below Bolivar, by which they hope to cross readily from either side

