HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Maryville, November 4, 1863-1 p.m.

General BURNSIDE:

This morning a courier came in saying that our scouting party were cut off. I sent out supporting parties and got ready for a fight. The party has been to within 3 1/2 miles of the river and heard of seven regiments of rebels camped on this side and that a party was in their rear, and fell back until they met their supports. I have directed them to find out the truth of the report in regard to the camp on this side. No party has been cut off, and everything is quiet at present.

Respectfully,W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GREENVILLE, November 4, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Colonel Garrard reports that he heard from Scott County, Va., day before yesterday, from Captain Everland in person, commanding a company of home guards; everything quiet up to that time.

Garrard has also a scout of 150 at Kingsport, observing the country to Morrison's Gap, with orders to report all movements of the enemy as far as the old Virginia road. No reports from that quarter. The rebels have a camp on Stony Creek near Gladesville, said to number about 300 guerrillas. Possibly this may be the force that was reported at Mulberry Gap. A reliable union man came from near Mulberry Gap to Rogersville yesterday; he said had not heard of any rebels in that vicinity.

It is almost impossible that any serious movement of rebel troops could take place at Mulberry Gap without Colonel Garrard's knowledge. A scout has been toward Jonesborough, as you directed. No news from the front to-day.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAT-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Cairo, November 4, 1863.

General SMITH,

Commanding at Columbus:

The party you supposed coming to Paducah, came no further than Mayfield, where they robbed every store, broke up the railroad, and destroyed the rolling-stock. They were 600 strong-cavalry.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

Will General Reid please have this telegraphed to General Smith?

