
and will extend all required assistance to the authorities of the State of Kentucky and to officers of the provost-marshal-general's department in enforcing the regular draft in Kentucky.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., December 22, 1863.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 19th instant, and I will have everything ready to co-operate with you. The rebel cavalry are becoming very annoying operate with you. The rebel cavalry are becoming very annoying at some points along the river, and keep a portion of my force actively engaged between Grand Gulf and Natchez. I hear Wirt Adams, with about 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery, is on the east side of the river, and Harrison with about 800 men, on the west side. Gresham, in command of our forces at Natchez, has tried several times to get a fight out of them, but they invariably keep out of the way, unless they have about four to one. Cosby's and Whitfield's brigades of cavalry are still in our front, and Loring's division of infantry at Canton, and French's at Brandon, which latter place is, or is to be soon, the headquarters of Lieutenant-General Polk. Johnston has gone to take command of Bragg's army; at least, I have this from pretty reliable sources. He started on Friday or Saturday last.

Colonel Osband, who is at Skipwith's Landing, reported three days ago that Forrest, with 1,400 men (cavalry), was crossing the Sunflower at Buck's Ferry, east of Greenville, for the purpose of making a demonstration on the river. Two boats came down this morning without bringing any additional information. I am inclined to think the report is false or very much exaggerated.

Truly, yours,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, December 22, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Military Division of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 11th instant has just been received. The steamer Hannibal came up from New Orleans this morning and reports everything quiet. That efforts have been made, and undoubtedly will continue to be made, by the rebels to render the navigation of the Mississippi River useless for commercial purposes, I am well aware. So far they have accomplished very little. A portion of Dick Taylor's force, which was firing into boats from the west bank of the river near Morganz appears to have left. Brigadier General Wirt Adams, with about 2,000 men and four pieces of artillery, is between Fayette and Gallatin, and a portion of Har-

