
[CHAP. XLIII.

rison's command is on the west side of the river back of Lake Saint Joseph. They are evidently trying to act in concert, and the presumption is that Adams has some ammunition which he is trying to get over. This we gather from captured dispatches and the fact that he has a train of about fifty covered wagons, which he keeps with him. Gresham is at Natchez with four regiments of infantry (white troops), one regiment of cavalry, six pieces of light artillery, and two regiments of colored troops, and the Matine Brigade is cruising between Grand Gulf and Natchez, with directions to act in concert with the force at the latter place.

Gresham has tried several times to get a fight out of Adams, but he keeps out of the way. If he does not succeed in getting a fight out of him, I think he will effectually prevent him from getting anything across the river.

Colonel Osband, at Skipwith's Landing, reported three days ago that 1,400 men, under Forrest, were crossing the Sunflower at Buck's Ferry, east of Greenville, for the purpose of making a demonstration on the river, but boats came down from there this morning without bringing any information, so that I am inclined to think the report false or very much exaggerated. I find it necessary to keep boats enough at the levee all the time to move a brigade, and in case the enemy does come to the river at any point within my jurisdiction, will endeavor to dislodge them quickly.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, December 23, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tennessee:

Reports have just reached here that General Averell has destroyed the depot, locomotives, trains, &amp;c., at Salem, on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad. He may be able to injure the road so as to prevent any supplies or re-enforcements being sent to Longstreet. I am directed to call your attention particularly to Longstreet's army. Fears are expressed that Foster and Willcox are not able to cope with it, and unless it is driven out of Tennessee new raids will be made into Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, December 23, 1863.

(Received 12.10 a.m., 24th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-chief:

Dispatch from Foster just received gives no particulars of the situation in East Tennessee. Longstreet, I presume, has not left the State. As soon as I can get some necessary munitions forwarded to Knoxville, I will go there in person.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

