
[CHAP. XLIII.

borough as nearly as may be once in two hours, both by day and night. The duties of these patrols will be to arrest any person tampering with the road, to remove any obstacles and warn trains of all danger, and in case of accident to give assistance to the conductor in charge of the train.

* * * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, December 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE:

The roads has failed me for the last three days, in consequence of accidents; forage is short in front; sent 4,000 sacks to-day. Torpedo taken up last week on the road, which fortunately did not explode, but one of our best engines thrown off the track yesterday near Decherd by rail being taken out. The road is not sufficiently patrolled, and especially between this point and Murfreesborough; men from station to station should meet every two hours.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Quartermaster.

CHATTANOOGA, December 23, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

Direct patrols along the railroad to be more vigilant and meet between posts every two hours; accidents are getting numerous; one of our best engines thrown off track yesterday night near Decherd by rail being taken out. Torpedo taken up last week, which fortunately did not explode.

W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Harrison, December 23, 1863.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: Mr. B. N. Hale, a citizen and resident of Ooltewah, is here properly vouched for as a Union man and reliable; says that the rebels are in force at Parker's Gap, 12 miles distant from this place. He saw the party that attacked this post yesterday on their way to the gap, and they told the citizens that they were going to return and give this place hell (I use the language given.) From the impressions received from other quarters taken in connection with the above, I fear it is true.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. ROBBINS,

Major, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

