HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHERN CENTRAL KENTUCKY, Munfordville, November 4, 1863.

Colonel S. A. STRICKLAND:

COLONEL: Your letters are received, and expedition approved sent to Cumberland. Colonel Weatherford is moving his regiment from Lebanon to Columbia, Ky.; 200 left for the former place yesterday. I have also ordered one company to Greensburg. It would be well to keep small party of scouts constantly on the road between Glasgow and Columbia, that we may know if rebels are passing between those points. Let me know if horse equipments have been received for Thirty-seventh Kentucky Mounted Infantry. I am anxious to get them fully equipped, so that we can make a move into Tennessee.

Very respectfully,HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, November 5, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General GRANT, Chattanooga, Tennessee:

The railroad and telegraph line from Columbus were ordered to be opened before the troops came up from Vicksburg, and when the Tennessee River was not navigable. General Hurlbut reports that he will probably not be able, with his diminished force, to keep open the road from Memphis to Corinth.

If you think Sherman can be supplied by other routes, and you cannot guard the Columbus road, you can order a discontinuance of the work. Had not Tuttle's division better remain with Hurlbut until re-enforcements from Steele arrive? He expects them about the 10th.

Three regiments of infantry are now en route from here to Eastport for Sherman. Two new full regiments of cavalry will be also soon be ready, if wanted, and can be supplied.

Burnside cannot receive any more troops in East Tennessee, and has great apprehensions about feeding his present army. I have serious fears about concentrating more troops near Chattanooga lest they perish for want of supplies. This matter requires the most serious consideration. How would it do for Sherman or a cavalry force to threaten Rome or Atlanta, moving by Warrenton and Jacksonville? If Bragg's communication can be cut off, he cannot supply an army in East Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, November 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have Rowley make inquiries if the Cumberland is now navigable to the Big South Fork. If so, see quartermasters and commissaries, and make arrangements for the transportation to that point, on barges towed by light-draught steam-boats, convoyed by gun-boats, 300,000 rations of salt meat and 1,000,000 of all other rations. They should be well covered with tarpaulins.

