
[CHAP. XLIII.

NASHVILLE, December 25, 1863.

Major General J. G. FOSTER,

Knoxville:

Ammunition has left Chattanooga for you. Averell succeeded in making a raid on Longstreet at Salem and destroyed much of the road, some locomotives and cars, three large depots, and an immense amount of stores. This will give you great advantage.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, December 25, 1863.

(Received 5.10 p.m, 28th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The exigencies of the service and the necessity of subsisting as far as possible on the country have forced and still oblige the officers of this army to take supplies wherever they can be found. In some cases no receipts have been given, and in many cases the receipts are not in proper form. I am trying to remedy this by providing funds for the quartermasters and commissaries and also in furnishing proper receipts in blank and in sufficient quantities to the troops thrown out in front. In the mean time a large amount of claims are before me for my action, the holders of them needy people, who have in some cases stripped of their subsistence, and should be paid as soon as possible to prevent suffering. I respectfully request that you will give me authority to order the payment of all such accounts as I am satisfied from proper investigation are proper and just.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, December 25, 1863.

General GRANT:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. Ordered General Boyle to have arrangements made for a depot at Carthage and Point Isabel, at the mouth of the Big South Fork. I don't know what he has done at Carthage, but at Point Isabel everything is ready, I believe, for the receipt of stores. I prefer to have the boats supply Point Isabel first if they can get up there, if not to unload at Carthage, and notify General Boly to have a guard there.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,New Market, December 25, 1863-10.30 a.m.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: Since writing you last I am convinced that nearly all of the enemy's cavalry is on our right on the roads from Morristown and Mossy Creek to Dandridge. I would suggest that you send me a brigade of infantry with one battery to this place to prevent their

