
cavalry from coming in on this road and getting in on our side. I am too weak to detach any force for this purpose when I advance, and unless the infantry is sent over to hold these roads, it is my opinion that whichever way I move the enemy's cavalry can get between me and the river; with this force of infantry our movements will be greatly facilitated. I have ordered two brigades to feel the enemy at Mossy Creek, where they hold a good position, and the remainder of my force I am obliged to have on the Dandridge road to look after the enemy's cavalry this side of Dandridge. With regard to crossing I would say that the infantry can come over at any of the fords as the river is so low.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.

P. S.-The enemy developed two batteries with their cavalry yesterday, and I have but five pieces in all; one was spiked and abandoned by breaking the axle-tree. Colonel Campbell has sent accurate returns of his losses; he had 7 killed, 27 wounded, and 27 missing.

S. D. S.

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS,

December 25, 1863.

Major-General FOSTER,

Knoxville:

General Sturgis reports enemy's cavalry, all of it, on his right on roads from Morristown and Mossy Creek to Dandridge, so that he fears to move as it will allow them to attack his rear, &amp;c., He has requested a brigade of infantry and a battery to be sent to New Market to support him and cover his movements. I have ordered Mott's command to move there immediately, and have ordered General Cox to send another to take its place at Strawberry Plains.

General Sturgis has but two of his brigades to feel the enemy toward Mossy Creek; the remainder of his force he holds in hand to watch toward Dandridge.

Respectfully, &c.,

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,New Market, December 25, 1863-10 a.m.

Major General JOHN G. PARKE:

GENERAL: You have been so very kind and prompt in attending to all my requests that I feel a delicacy in asking anything more, but I know you will consider the necessity as sufficient apology. There is, perhaps, no one thing or person I so much need as a good topographical officer, one who is active enough to collect information concerning roads, water-courses, &c., and industrious enough to make his information available. Have you such a one to spare? I fear Foster will think we are slow in getting to Morristown, but it is necessary to move cautiously, for the enemy's cavalry is princi-

