
Stem-boats could return immediately, leaving the barges until the rations could be removed. Have Rowley attend to this promptly, and telegraph me what can be done.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, November 5, 1863. [Received 6th.]

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received at 5 p.m. Navigation is practicable to Big South Fork. No barges here now; a number reported to arrive within twenty-four hours. A sufficient number, it is believed, can be speedily procured from points below. There is but one gun-boat here fit for service. Six steam-boats are lying at the wharf. Number of rations on band, 4,000,000. Would it not be well to send an officer by steam-boat to-morrow, to procure barges and to ask the navy for additional gun-boats? Will telegraph you more fully in the morning.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Nashville, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief of the Army:

Captain Horace Porter, who is now being relieved as chief ordnance officer in the Department of the Cumberland, is represented by all officers who know him as one of the most meritorious and valuable young officers in the service. So far as I have heard from general officers there is a universal desire to see him promoted to the rank of brigadier-general and retained here. I feel no hesitation in joining in the recommendation, and asking that he may be assigned for duty with me. I feel the necessity for just such an officer as Captain Porter is described to be, at headquarters, and, if permitted, will retain him with me if assigned here for duty.

I am, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

MAYSVILLE, November 5, 1863.

W. H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy have pickets across the river, but understand their main force have left, Wheeler going back to Bragg. I received a dispatch from General Sherman this morning. He expects to be at Athens to-day. Part of my wagons arrived to-day. I will send you to-morrow my report of expedition and returns for June and July, and will get the other ready as soon as possible. I have not been able to do much shoeing yet. I can only get a few horseshoes. Can't you have some sent from Nashville?

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.

4 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

