
[CHAP. XLIII.

pally on our right flank and in large force. If I should find both infantry and cavalry at Morristown, there is no doubt but the mass of their cavalry will pour into my rear from the Dandridge and other roads, and place me in a delicate situation, and my force is not strong enough (in comparison) to warrant me in detaching sufficient to watch these roads.

Please let me know how far your troops occupy toward Bean's Station, as it might be necessary for me to fall back toward some of the upper fords if too hard pressed.

Yours truly,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,December 25, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires me to say that he has ordered Colonel Mott's brigade to New Market to support General Sturgis, and that you will please send another brigade immediately to Strawberry Plains to supply its place. Colonel Mott will not wait for its arrival.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, December 25, 1863-8.30 p.m.

General BOYLE:

Your dispatch is received. In addition to the three-years' men. I want you to order down all men capable of marching and fighting who have three months to serve.

In order to give your personal attention to these matters you should be habitually at Camp Nelsonn as headquarters.

The requisite garrison for Camp Nelson, Point Isabel, and Carthage will be obtained from the new Tennessee and Kentucky regiments in process of organization.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

RUTLEDGE, Tennessee, December 25, 1863-8 a.m.

Major-General PARKE:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the reconnaissance of which I am in command arrived at this place at 4.30 p.m. yesterday. On my way up I sent Captain Smith and 20 men to strike across to Dyer's Ferry and vicinity, scouting up as far as Spring Creek camp-ground; if he found no enemy there, to communicate with Brigadier-General Spears. I sent Captain Welch with a squad of men forward to Bean's Station, to return this a.m. Captain Stephens, with 20 men, I sent to Turley's Mills, at Maze's Ford, on the Morristown road,

