
an ambulance and two horses. With these he traveled to Brandon, where he took the cars. He returned three weeks ago last Thursday, and, finding his float broken up, crossed over himself in a dug-out, when one of the gun-boats captured his ambulance, horses, papers, arms, and his body-servant, who is now my valet. General Dick Taylor had a narrow escape, as did also Colonel Patton, Colonel Ward, and Colonel Ruth, of the rebel army. They had to foot it without clothes back to their troops at Red River. I have not heard of General Dick Taylor having arrived there yet.

I have not yet received the papers, and hope they may contain some valuable news. The boy, who is very intelligent, says that only one brigade has been left at Mobile, the rest having been sent to re-enforce Bragg, arriving there just in time to catch a thrashing. I am now, besides my other duties, equipping ten gun-boats for Farragut, and have to stop my own affairs to attend to his. I shall be ready with a fine lot of boats by the time Sherman can get ready for Red River.

With best wishes, I remain, very truly, yours,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

NASHVILLE, Tennessee, December 26, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Mound City:

The boats required to ferry my command across the Tennessee River were directed to await further orders at Paducah. A gun-boat was asked as a convoy. My command cannot reach the Tennessee before the 1st proximo. Cannot the boats await a dispatch from me at Paducah? We have a quantity of ammunition and suppliers of forage and rations which will have to go up with them.

W. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

PULASKI, Tennessee, December 26, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville:

There are 2 men here who left Rome eight days ago. They say most of Hardee's army is at that place and falling back to it; also his stores, and that he only has an advance at Dalton. One brigade of cavalry is camped at Cave Spring, a few miles this side of Rome.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 26, 1863.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE,

La Grange, Tennessee:

I have ordered all bridges on Wolf River destroyed and have pickets on the North Fork above Moscow. Moscow is re-enforced

