HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Near Dallas, Tennessee, November 5, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that two citizen spies sent over the river have just returned, and report that the enemy have ceased foraging on the other side of the river and removed all their wagon trains. Three regiments of Wheeler's command are encamped at Cleveland. They are indifferently mounted on horses and mules, and are nearly all dressed in our uniform. They say they have come to Cleveland to recruit their stock. The regiment at Harrison's say they are under marching orders. At Ooltewah there is only a small force guarding some stores. Several train loads of infantry have come down the East Tennessee railroad toward Chattanooga within the last few days. Rebels on the other side of river all say that Bragg is preparing to fall back from Missionary Ridge. I inclose a rebel paper brought over by the men referred to. I have nothing more of interest to report. The enemy has light pickets up and down the river from here on the other side.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, November 5, 1863.

Maj. J. S. FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps:

MAJOR: One of my spies just in this a.m. reports that the rebels have a very small force in Lookout Valley-only a small picket force near the base of the mountain on the eastern side of the valley. He says there are four brigades on Lookout Mountain. He thinks not more. He says that the supplies, at least most of them, for the troops on Lookout Mountain are taken up by pack-mules at Cooper's Gap, though the road to Summertown is a little used at night. He reports that the rebels do not talk so much now of attacking our force in Lookout Valley as they did at first. They think we are too strongly intrenched over there, and that they must take some other way of cutting off our supplies. He reports the roads through Cooper's and Stevens' Gaps, though bad, are practicable for wagons. He says the rebels haul coal from the neighborhood of Stevens' Gap. He reports four divisions [namely, the two in Polk's old corps now commanded by Cheatham, and Buckner's and Breckinridge's divisions] as sent up the Tennessee River to operate against Burnside. He says the rebels say they are going to drive Burnside out of East Tennessee and go into Kentucky.

Respectfully,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Additional report of M. M. Phillips, scout.

General Wheeler's headquarters are near Ringgold, a short distance on the other side, near Cherokee Spring. This information I

