
[CHAP. XLIII.

with 400 troops. I still think he intends to cross between La Grange and Pocahontas. You can rely on Mower holding him until you can re-enforce. As soon as Mower can be got within reach he should be attacked in force. I do not know whether Smith has pontoons. Keep communication with Moscow by telegraph. Let Grierson send

me particulars and let him gather up his cavalry.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, December 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General MOWER:

I have information that Forrest is on this side of the Hatchie. Unless you have information that this is not true, you will fall back to Corinth immediately and communicate with me on arrival if possible. Enemy are advancing in this direction; are now about New Castle. You will hear from me again soon.

J. M. TUTTLE,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

Later dispatch from General Tuttle:

Brigadier-General STEVENSON:

Later information makes it sure that Forrest and Richardson are coming like hell. Have just driven picket at McCaughen's Mill on North Wolf, 3 miles from Moscow. In case the wires are cut when Mower gets in, he must put his infantry on train and move this way as quick as possible. General Grierson will instruct Mizner.

J. M. TUTTLE,

Brigadier-General.

I send you above Tuttle's last dispatch; send courier in advance of you, and I will have train ready.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

LA GRANGE, December 26, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major-General HURLBUT:

There is no doubt now but Forrest and Richardson are both on this side of Hatchie. I have ordered Mower to Corinth as soon as possible, and if Forrest should be down when he gets there, to put his infantry on train and move this way quick as possible.

J. M. TUTTLE.

LA GRANGE, December 26, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

The following dispatch just received from General Mower:

PURDY, December 26, 1863-4 p.m.

Brigadier General J. M. TUTTLE:

I have just received your dispatch of 9 a.m., December 25. Colonel Hurst, whose opinion I think is highly valuable is confident that the bulk of Forrest's troops are yet north of the Hatchie; he also feels sure that he will attempt to escape in this direction, aided by Bell's brigade coming up in our rear at the same time that For-

