
received from a Mr. Farmer, who had just come from Wheeler's headquarters. Had been there with vouchers to get his money. Farmer also stated that but a portion of his cavalry was there; that some of them had not got up yet. There are three regiments of cavalry in Lookout Valley-Ninth Kentucky, Eighth Confederate, and Seventh Alabama.

M. M. PHILLIPS.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 5, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

A. T. SNODGRASS,Captain, in Charge of Scouts.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Bridgeport, Ala., November 5, 1863.

Maj. J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Nothing new has transpired to-day along the line of the river between this point and Wauhatchie, so far as I am advised. I inclose you copies of correspondence had directly with headquarters of the department by telegraph on yesterday. The work of fortifying at Whiteside's, Shellmound, and this point is progressing as rapidly as the want of tools will permit. To-day has been very inclement and rainy, and it has not been possible for the men to do much work. The pass at Moore's Gap and the Island Creek road are now quite well obstructed. A note from Colonel Sedgewick, received this evening, relative to his work, is inclosed.

The railway from here to Running Water bridge will be in condition to be run by day after to-morrow morning. The engine has been up as far as Shellmound, but the repairs necessary to the bridge across Nickajack Creek at Shellmound prevented it from going farther. These repairs and the mending of a culvert at Poison Hollow will be completed to-morrow, and thus place the road in running order, as I am advised. The old engine and two freight-cars which are on this side of the river can haul 20 tons of rations at a trip, and can double the road each day; thus delivering 40 tons or 35,000 to 40,000 short rations daily at Running Water bridge.

Work has been ordered on the wagon road at various points where most needed to make it passable, and a commencement has been made.

Surgeon Menzies, medical director; Captain Pope, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Stansbury, mustering officer, and Captain Norton, inspector, have reported and resumed their staff duties at these headquarters.

I very much desire to have the transportation of the division, which has been detailed in general supply trains, returned to its proper commands and recruited and repaired. I trust the general commanding will aid in effecting this, so far as he may be able. Such trains as have been engaged in hauling for the division, and under the control of the division commander, I have, as they have returned

