
Your will immediately advance with your division on Talbott's Station, driving the cavalry force in front of you to Morristown. You will be cautious not to pursue too far toward Morristown, so as not to fall in with their infantry.

I have ordered Colonel Foster to follow you with his whole division at a distance of from 1 to 2 miles. Mott, with his infantry brigade, will take the position now held by McCook, and throw up rifle-pits. Wolford, with his division (except two regiments watching our right flank), will move with Mott.

You will order Colonel Palmer to scout the country on your right, and especially Mansfield's Gap.

By order of Brigadier-General Sturgis:

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,New Market, December 27, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Major General JOHN G. FOSTER:

Your dispatch of 9.30 is received. We are now moving, and it is almost too late to act exactly in accordance with your wishes, but the movement ordered will, I hope, accomplish the same end. Elliott is moving with his whole division, supported by Foster, on Talbott's Station. Wolford, with his division, is covering the flanks, and the infantry brigade I am putting this side of Mossy Creek behind rifle-pits to cover the Dyer's Ferry and Bend of Chucky roads. Palmer is scouring the country on the north of Bay's Mountain.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,December 27, 1863-1.30 p. m.

General ELLIOTT,

Judge Peck's:

GENERAL: Yours of 12.45 received. If you think best to attempt turning the right of the enemy, Colonel Foster will be near enough to support you. His headquarters ar at Dr. Peck's. On account, however, of the large force of cavalry at Mansfield's Gap, it was my intention to have Foster occupy such a position in your rear as to act in that direction more directly. I will not hamper you, however, if you deem it best to try their right and Colonel Foster will give what support you may call for, so far as he small division may be able.

Yours,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Brannon's House, Mossy Creek, December 27, 1863.

Brigadier General W. L. ELLIOTT, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The general commanding the corps directs me to inform you that he does not propose moving the infantry any farther at

