
present, unless it becomes necessary to cover a retreat. Upon ascertaining the state of affairs in your front tomorrow morning, he wishes to confer with you before any advance is made.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. C. RAWOLLE,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee,

DECEMBER 27, 1863.

Brigadier-General STURGIS,

Headquarters Cavalry Corps:

Your dispatch received. I like your dispositions much. Would it not be well to push a strong column upon the enemy's cavalry on your right? Your infantry can hold the road where you now are, and if you should be cut off, you can return around by New Market.

I think it will be the thing to make a strong demonstration toward the mouth of the Chucky. General, you must decide upon your own movements yourself until the bridge is done so as to enable me to come up in force. Act according to your own convictions, but keep stirring up the enemy.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

LANCASTER, December 27, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Arrived home all safe. Will be at Cairo January 2, Memphis about the 5th. That the Mississippi should be made safe we should have the Fifteenth Corps and the river down to Balize. Will write to Halleck a long letter and send you a copy. If you think you should have McPherson up the Tennessee, I can place some inferior officer at Vicksburg and make up a command for him out of Dodge's and some other detachments. Let me know about the time you want me back at Huntsville. Saw Anderson at Louisville and arranged for pushing the Decatur road with all possible dispatch.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Scottsborough, Ala., December 27, 1863.

Major SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Tennessee:

SIR: I have just received General Sherman's letter of instructions changing the position of the troops from the position designate in order No.-, directing the movement on the present line. I will comply as soon as possible with his suggestions, but at the present it is impossible to get along the roads, as you will readily see when you undertake to move headquarters. Our animals are suffering very

