
Johnson, the Tennessee recruits now at that place and to order any of said recruits, together with their officers, if in his judgment the public service will be benefitted thereby, to Nashville or such other place in Tennessee as may be deemed most expedient and proper.

The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to officers and recruits so ordered.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

GEO. K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, December 28, 1863-5 p. m.

Major-General GRANT:

General Sturgis, with his own and Elliott's cavalry, have been almost constantly engaged with the enemy's cavalry for the past two days. He has gallantly driven them from every position, and is now in the country between Mossy Creek and Morristown. One of his brigades made a dash into Martin's camp last night and put to flight three rebel brigades and captured their camp, with provisions and cooking utensils. Longstreet is unhappy about his communications.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, December 28, 1863-3.30 p. m.

General PARKE:

I am glad to hear so good news from General Sturgis, who is performing his duties right gallantly. Send him word that his contemplated move to the right with a view of disquieting Longstreet for his communications in the region of the Chucky is a capable one, and must be carried out as soon as practicable. Tell him to get information of Longstreet's main force and of his movements.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWENTY-THIRD ARMY CORPS,Strawberry Plains, Tennessee, December 28, 1863.

Major G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the arrival of the Second Brigade of this division at this place. On yesterday and the day before Colonel Chapin, commanding the brigade, was engaged in crossing his troops and wagon train to the east side of the river, where he is at present encamped. Great delay and difficulty resulted on account of the limited facilities for ferrying, there being only one flat-boat which could be used for the purpose.

The First Brigade of this division (Colonel Mott's) is, I am informed, 2 or 3 miles east of New Market in rifle pits, having been

