
to the division, ordered to their regiments. The need of the tents, officers' baggage, and property left at Chattanooga, is very pressing. These ought to be sent to the regiments at once, if possible. If permission is granted me I will send a train and bring away this property forthwith. By so doing we will return to their regiments a considerable number of men who are left guarding it.

A battery is needed at Whiteside's to protect that point and form part of the projected defense. The same is also true of this position. It is therefore very desirable that Batteries H and M, Fourth U. S. Artillery, be sent to the division. A considerable portion of the ordinance stores of this division was left at Chattanooga, and it is probably better it should be turned over there and the wants of the division in this respect supplied from Stevenson.

The last month's estimate of quartermaster's supplies for the old division, previous to its present organization, have been received here and have been distributed to the regiments of my command which were in the old division. The estimates for regiments which have been transferred to other divisions are in the hands of the division quartermaster and subject to such orders as may be given. The quarterly supply of blanks for the use of adjutant-general's office, drawn upon like estimates, has also been received, and the same action has been taken in regard to them.

Lieutenant Peck advises me by telegraph from Nashville to-day that the knapsacks of the First and Third Brigades, stored there in the spring, have been sent forward.

Myself and staff are laboring hard to get the office work in good shape, but the lack of the brigades, and the heavy fatigue details render our efforts to keep up the current reports very unsatisfactory. No pains will be spared to have these matters right in a few days. Awaiting replies,

I am, major, most respectfully, yours,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

BRIDGEPORT, November 4, 1863-9.20 a.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff, Chattanooga:

Have my headquarters here. Destroying roads as fast as tools warrant. No demonstrations on part of enemy along river so far as I can learn. Commence repairs on road to-morrow. Suppose you wish me on north side river. How is it?

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 4, 1863-11 a.m.

General CRUFT, Bridgeport:

Telegram received. You will quarter on the south side of river, near your troops.

By order:

J. J. REYNOLDS,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

