
in the country, and the little there is cannot be reached without great difficulty on account of the bad roads and weakness of the mules. The pioneer corps are all at work corduroying and repairing bridges, and will be kept hard at it. My command is in excellent spirits and a large number will enlist in the veteran corps, and I will, of course, lose force by the furloughing of 25 per cent. I will ride forward on the road to Huntsville to-day and satisfy myself of the condition of things and make arrangements for the advance of the column, and you may rely upon my making the connection with you by the 1st of February, if such a thing is possible. The enemy cannot do much toward do much toward annoying us on this side of the river, and we are provided with the means of crossing whenever we wish. I am truly thankful for your kind offer of co-operation, and will e always ready to place at your disposal the Fifteenth Army Corps or any portion of it whenever you may need its services. We all remember with admiration the activity and skill with which you and your command helped in the great march to the relief of Chattanooga, and have no doubt but that your line of communication will be kept up fully to its requirements.
JOHN A. LOGAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tennessee, December 28, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Mil. Div. of the Miss., Chattanooga:

SIR: Your communication of 14th instant, covering copy of a letter from Governor Bramlette, of Kentucky, and containing the orders of the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi in regard to the impressment of citizens into the military service of the United States by my orders, is received.

As a reply and as a history of the matter I have the honor to inclose:

First. General Orders, No. 4, dated headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, Iuka, Miss., October 28, 1863.*

Second. General Orders, No. 157, dated headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee, November 15, 1863.+

Third. General Orders, No. 169, dated headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee, December 10, 1863+

Fourth. Special Orders, No. 328, dated headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps, Memphis, Tennessee, December 22, 1863.&amp;

The details of the impressment in Memphis have been energetically and prudently conducted by Brigadier General J. C. Veatch, commanding District of Memphis, who has mustered into service twenty-seven full volunteer (home guard) companies. Several others are yet incomplete.

I have the honor to be, sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 767.

+See p. 160.

+See p. 375.

&See p. 470.

---------------

