
the road this side of La Fayette, which would leave it optional with him to cross through Mount Pleasant or by Quinn and Jackson's Mill. The latter is a very bad crossing, and I do not think he could well move his train across, while the crossing at Hudsonville is much better. We have his chief engineer and 3 or 4 other prisoners.

W. P. CALLON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

COLLIERVILLE, December 28, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I was not able to get the battery attached to my brigade off the train at La Fayette last night. It is not with me, but was sent back to Moscow. It is now 11.30 a. m. We are considerably fatigued, but will march at 12 m., if you so direct.

WM. H. MORGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

MEMPHIS, December 28, 1863.

Colonel W. H. MORGAN:

Get the battery up as soon as you can and wait for it until it comes.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, Tennessee,

December 28, 1863.

Colonel W. H. MORGAN,

Collierville:

Start with your command on the trail of the enemy immediately. Will send your battery with the cavalry to join you at some point below. Take three days' rations in haversacks. Major Coon went toward Mount Pleasant at noon to-day.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

COLLIERVILLE, December 28, 1863.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Major-General HURLBUT:

I moved from Grand Junction yesterday at 3.30 p. m., by rail, in obedience to the order of General Grierson. Reached La Fayette about dark. My advance skirmished a few minutes with Forrest's rear guard. Forrest was reported to have taken the Mount Pleasant road. Did not follow with my infantry, as it was considered useless. At 12 o'clock last night received a dispatch from Major Burgh that Forrest was near Collierville; that he intended to strike that place at daylight. I marched with my command at 3 a. m. for Collierville. Learned that Forrest had taken the road leading south, about 1 mile east of Collierville. His force was reported at 4,000. Cannot get telegraphic communication with La Grange yet.

WM. H. MORGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

