
and requesting you to advise me of the receipt by you at Columbia of the dispatch. I have not heard from you that you received my dispatch of this afternoon, but this evening I am in receipt of a dispatch from you, from Columbia, asking if I had heard from Captain Hudson or Admiral Porter. I understand the case to stand thus: The boats, according to Admiral Porter's dispatch, are now at Savannah, and reporting, according to previous orders, to Major-General Grant. If you wish them to remain at Savannah or return to Paducah, it should be indicated to Admiral Porter by a direct order from you. You can telegraph directly from Columbia to Mound City, or, according to Admiral Porter's dispatch, in the absence of anything to the contrary, they will remain there at Savannah without any further orders. I have to request that you notify me by telegraph of the reception of this dispatch and of your action in the case, and also that, whenever practicable, you tell me of your whereabouts, as you are absent from here, by telegraph, as it may be of importance in matters of this kind hereafter. I, of course, have not sent any message to Admiral Porter. Please dispatch to me, that I may know that dispatches have reached you.

J. E. RAY,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

December 29, 1863-12 m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tennessee:

Major-General Foster has asked to be relieved from his command, on account of disability from old wounds. If his request should be granted, who would you like as his successor. It is possible that General Schofield will be sent to your command.*

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, December 29, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

General Grant directs the Lookout to be prepared at once to go to Loudon with an assorted cargo for General Foster's command. He suggests that the commissary stores now on board be allowed to remain, and that the other parts of the cargo be made out from stores you have on hand at this place.

He wishes the boat to be ready as soon as possible, as it is his intention to go on her to Loudon. Be good enough to have him notified of the time when she leaves.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck, January 13, 1864, p. 571.

---------------

34 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

