
[Inclosure No. 3.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, Bridgeport, November 5, 1863-12 m.

Lieutenant Colonel LYNE STARLING,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the Moore's Gap road has been destroyed and obstructed from the summit to the base of the mountain on the north side, and the Island Ferry road effectually obstructed at the only point practicable, some 4 miles from this place. The obstructions are about half a mile in length on the latter road, made by felling trees and rolling in huge rocks. I shall still keep details at work on both roads.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

THOS. D. SEDGEWICK,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Whiteside's, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

Major FULLERTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I arrived here this evening over as bad roads as I ever saw, and find this an unhandy and awkward military position. The two gorges or hollows that diverge here-one toward Trenton south, the other that I traveled to this point upon-are easily defended against any forces approaching through or in them, but our right upon the high hill west of us can be easily turned. A plateau of country on the hill, with a road to Trenton from the settlement thereon, makes it approachable. I could use in position a couple of sections of artillery. The enemy, as we learn from citizens, has some force at Cole's Academy, 6 1/2 miles toward Trenton; and where a road intersects the road we came on to-day, 4 miles east of here [which road leaves Lookout Valley at Hawkins' farm], the rebels fired some random shots at our forces with small-arms this forenoon. I would mend the roads near us were it not for the want of tools, of which we are very scarce. We can obtain some forage for a short time, should the rebels not prevent, toward Trenton. The health of the mules of Uncle Sam will not allow of much travel on the road from here to Chattanooga. I think I can run from here safely when occasion may require.

I am, major, your most obedient servant,

W. GROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 5, 1863.

All trains when on the road must be placed in charge of a commissioned officer, who will be held responsible not only for the safety of the train and the property transported by it, but will also be charged with the duty of seeing that the animals are properly cared for, and that the teamsters and wagon-masters do their duty, and that perfect

