HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,December 29, 1863.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that about one week ago the two companies of the First Alabama Mounted, Captains Allen and Long, crossed the river at this place and Caperton's Ferry and made camp on Coon Creek, 18 miles below this place. Captain Allen with 100 men made a scout down Will's Valley to within 8 miles of Lebanon, capturing 10 men engaged in making potash for rebel Government and 3 or 4 home guards. The scout met no opposition. They returned yesterday and moved camp to a point 10 miles below this place.

Davenport's company home guards were 10 miles below Lebanon: another company of home guards and some of Roddey's men were on the river about Guntersville. This evening Captain Allen informs me these rebel forces combined had followed him back, and were at his old camp at dark. I have sent Colonel Yeoman and 200 men, Ninetieth Ohio, to join Captain Allen at daybreak, and if possible to attack the rebel force. I will report by telegraph as soon as I hear from Colonel Yeoman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Major-General, Commanding Division.

PULASKI, December 29, 1863.

(Received 31st.)

Major-General GRANT:

We captured a mail to-day from Bragg's army. The letters all speak of going into winter quarters at Dalton, Resaca, and Rome; also of appointment of J. E. Johnston to command of that army. The Chattanooga Rebel of the 20th announces his appointment, and states he would take command the next week.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, December 29, 1863.

(Received 31st.)

Major General U. S. GRANT:

My scouts captured dispatches to-day from Roddey to Forrest, in which he says he has sixteen boats below Florence ready to cross on. There is no doubt, from all I can learn, that there is some move in contemplation by Forrest, Roddey, and Lee.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, December 29, 1863.

General B. H. GRIERSON:

It is reported with some show of truth that a considerable force of mounted men from below crossed the Coldwater yesterday north

