
unless otherwise ordered, follow the major in about two hours. Do not think, however, that anything is to be made by so doing, as Forrest is certainly far away.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. MORGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CORINTH, December 29, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

I have information from Okolona as late as Saturday that General Lee's division of cavalry have all moved west. A part of Ferguson's force, evidently a rear guard, was moving west after them on Saturday. I do not learn their destination, but it must be to join Forrest. Scouts from La Grange should learn his whereabouts. I have a scout en route for Loring's headquarters. As soon as he gets back I can give you definite information of their movement.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LA GRANGE, December 29, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Mizner will be ready to leave at 7 o'clock. I go with him. Have you anything more to communicate? I will leave courier here to carry anything you may send after I leave. I will report to you soon after as possible. Have ordered Hurst to look south of Saulsbury toward Ripley.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Larkinsville, Ala., December 30, 1863.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Department, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of instructions to General Logan, also one to myself, written at Nashville, were not received until three days after their date. I immediately sent word to General Logan, and yesterday morning (29th) I left Bridgeport with headquarters on the road to Huntsville. Hearing that the roads were in a most terrible condition, I sent all the baggage belonging to headquarters, also all belonging to the Thirteenth Infantry and Third Cavalry, by rail as far as the road is finished, and took the road, with the troops and wagons lightly loaded with forage and rations. It was fortunate that we did so, as I never saw such roads, and it would have taken us two weeks to haul everything. The wagons and the infantry are still behind, but I shall push forward with the escort to Flint River, and borrow wagons of the troops there to move the baggage from the cars to Huntsville. I do this as I am anxious to get the office open again as soon as possible. The work is very severe; accumulates rapidly. There is quite a package of inspection papers requiring

