
action by the inspector-general. Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock, of General Grant's staff, is attempting to hurry them up. Will you please instruct me? Should not some officer be assigned to that duty?

General Logan has his troops disposed as follows: General Morgan L. Smith at Bellefonte, Ewing at Scottsborough, J. E. Smith at this place, with one brigade at Huntsville. Osterhaus is between here and Huntsville. The roads are almost impassable since the late rain. As soon as they can be repaired a little General Logan intends to make some different disposition.

At Lieutenant Parker's request I issued an order establishing ordnance depot at Nashville for the present, with instructions to division ordnance officers to arrange their supplies. It is Lieutenant Parker's intention, with your approval, to establish a depot at Athens as soon as the road is open. Bingham and Macfeely went forward from Bridgeport with General Logan, but both left for Nashville yesterday. I did not see either of them, but have telegraphed Bingham to meet you at Cairo on the 2nd. They are on the way, I believe, to General Dodge's command, but my telegraph will follow if Bingham should have left Nashville before it reaches there, and he probably will be with you before this reaches you.

Please instruct me as to what action I shall take on resignations and applications for leave. In the last report from General McPherson no mention is made of General Hawkins' command. General Orders, No. 2, from these headquarters, defining the Seventeenth Corps, did not include it. Shall I issue orders on the subject; also with reference to the new regiments that arrived at Eastport since we left there? I have no report from them, nor do I know what they are. Should they not be assigned to the Sixteenth Corps? I am a little troubled on this score, as it makes the returns of the department difficult to make accurately. I send this by Will, one of the orderlies, with instructions to stay with you if you should want an orderly, as you have none with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The pontoons are all yet in Mud Creek. As yet no sawmill has been found, but Jenney is on the lookout, and will, at all events, make all the necessary arrangements for carrying your instructions into effect.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

London, England, December 30, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: The accompanying letter was received by me this morning with a note from Mr. Henderson requesting me to forward it. I do not know who he is, but as the information might be of importance I deem it proper to transmit it to you.

I am, your obedient servant,

C. F. ADAMS.

