HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS.,In the Field, Columbia, Tennessee, December 30, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Mound City, Illinois:

Rebel dispatches just captured indicate that Forrest intends crossing the Tennessee River with his command, about 5,000 strong, somewhere below the mouth of Duck River. Can you spare gunboats to patrol the river up to that point?

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Chav., Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee,

December 30, 1863.

Major-General PARKE,

Strawberry Plains:

The general approves of sending a brigade to Dandridge. As soon as it arrives there a ferry should be established across the river in order to insure the safety of the brigade in case of an attempt to cut it off. The general recommends that Colonel Palmer should be consulted with reference to positions, &amp;c., about Dandridge. Not more than a section of artillery should accompany the brigade. Captain Huntington will send up all the flooring for the bridge he can get. What regiment did General Potter order home?

E. E. POTTER,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN FIELD,December 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. D. COX,

Commanding Twenty-third Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that your order a brigade of infantry, with a battery of six 3-inch rifled guns, in readiness to move to Dandridge. You will please order this detachment from General Hascall's division, as General Manson is already established in the performance of his duties across the river. This detachment will move as light as possible, leaving their camps behind, excepting shelter-tents, if they have them, but with ammunition-chests well filled, and each man with his full supply of ammunition and rations, if possible to procure them.

On arriving at Dandridge, the general commanding department suggests that Colonel Palmer be consulted in regard to all the crossings of the river, &c. A bridge should at once be constructed or a ferry; at least, some system adopted for crossing the river in case the enemy should threaten to cut off this detachment from any point.

You will please order four of the rifle guns to report to General Sturgis, near Mossy Creek. They are to take the place of Colonel Mott's brass guns (which are to return) as they are found to be less

