
effective in the present operations than rifled guns. Only one section will consequently go to Dandridge.

Orders to move will be sent in due time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NICOLAS BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The information from Colonel Palmer will be sent here, and will be turned over to officer commanding brigade.

N. BOWEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Mossy Creek, December 30, 1863.

General POTTER,

Chief of Staff:

I think the enemy's attack yesterday was supported by a brigade of infantry instead of a division, as reported to me by my scouts.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST Tennessee,

December 30, 1863.

William P. Eddington left Knoxville day before yesterday evening, crossed French Broad yesterday at 12 m., about 15 miles above the mouth, and proceeded directly to Newman's Mills, 5 miles this side of Dandridge, which place he reached about 3 p. m. same day. There saw a Mr. Inman, a rebel citizen of Dandridge, who stated to several persons at the mill that two rebel pickets took breakfast with him yesterday morning, and told him that Longstreet's headquarters were in Morristown, and that his force was in and above Morristown. From Mr. Newman and Mr. Rose, both reliable Union men, he learned that one brigade of cavalry (supposed to be John T. Morgan's, but not known certainly) is stationed about 1 mile above Dandridge, on a small creek, and has been there since Friday. Didn't learn when it arrived there. Mr. Inman's account of the brigade was that it was a very large one, a full brigade and something over.

The French Broad is not now fordable for cavalry at any point between the Holston and a point 10 miles above Dandridge, and may not be for many miles farther up, but concerning this Mr. Eddington is not informed. There are no ferry-boats of any kind on French Broad between Holston and a point 10 miles above Dandridge; don't know whether any are higher up the stream. Forage is plentiful on both sides of French Broad. It is rumored among the citizens whom Mr. Eddington met beyond French Broad that a considerable rebel force was somewhere up the country in Virginia, or somewhere (no one seemed to know exactly where), which was waiting for some cause, and was expected ere long to form a junction with Longstreet. Mr. Eddington left the mill at 4 or 5 o'clock yesterday evening, and came directly back, reaching this place (by traveling till 12 o'clock last night) this morning.

Statement read over to him and pronounced correct.

ALBERT BARNITZ,

Captain, Second Ohio Vol. Cavalry, and Judge-Advocate.

