
order is preserved in the train and among all connected with it. He will promptly arrest and report any officer, soldier, or employe who neglects his duty or is guilty of any disorderly act, and if he fails to report the guilty party he will himself be held responsible for the act. It will be his duty to remain with the train under his command from the time it leaves the command to which it belongs until it returns to it again. These instructions must be strictly enforced.

By command of Maj. Gen. G. H. Thomas:

C. GODDARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAYSVILLE, November 5, 1863.

Maj. General U. S. GRANT.

The following dispatch has just been received from General Sherman.*

If tools and workmen were sent at once to Paint Rock Creek, that bridge could be repaired by the time General Sherman arrives here, which would be of great assistance to him when he arrives. My men have all the timber cut necessary for the bridge with what axes they could get hold of, but I cannot go any further for want of proper tools.

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, Maysville, Ala., November 5, 1863.

Maj. Gen. W. T. SHERMAN,Comdg. Department of the Tennessee, near Florence, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your communications received and dispatched to General Grant. Your best route is by Huntsville from Athens. It is some 50 miles from here to Stevenson; the cars run within 12 miles of this place to Paint Rock River. I have suggested to General Grant to have that bridge repaired by the time you arrive here, as that stream is bad to cross. I would suggest that you cross Elk River as soon as possible, for should it rain a couple of days that stream will be past fording. I have heard nothing further from enemy at Cleveland. General Hooker has whipped the enemy at Lookout Mountain, and now our boats run from Bridgeport to Chattanooga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE CROOK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

CHATTANOOGA, November 5, 1863-4 p.m.

Maj. Gen. W. T. SHERMAN,

Care General Crook, Maysville, Ala.:

Leave Dodge's command at Athens until further orders, and come with the remainder of your command to Stevenson, or until you receive

