
have or will attack the railroad. The conscripts are reported to have been sent to Oxford; but can get nothing reliable. Shall make for the railroad as fast as possible. Will cross at the ford on the Holly Springs and Mount Pleasant road. Heavy firing was heard in the vicinity of Quinn and Jackson's Mill or Collierville last night; they think at Collierville.

D. E. COON,

Major, Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding.

MOUNT PLEASANT,

December 30, 1863-2.40 p. m.

Major-General HURLBUT,

Memphis:

Forrest and Chalmers left Wash. Taylor's farm, 10 miles west of Holly Springs, at 3 o'clock p. m. yesterday. Chalmers was camped at Byhalia and went to Taylor's farm to consult Forrest. There is every indication they will make an attempt on the railroad. Conscripts reported gone to Oxford; heavy firing heard west of here yesterday.

I have reliable information that Richardson is still north of the railroad with 500 head of cattle. Will move part of my force west toward Olive Branch, and will watch Hudsonville and other crossings on Coldwater.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

COLDWATER, December 30, 1863.

Major COON:

Courier just in from Lockhart's Mill found a picket of about 90 men there. Citizens report a column, strength unknown, passed north last night. Picket at the mill is north of river. Get all the information you can and march by the most direct route to Hudsonville. I will move immediately toward Mount Pleasant with Colonel Mizner and infantry; will move Seventh Illinois here. Communicate with them that they may move with you.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MOUNT PLEASANT, December 30, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel TRAFTON,

Commanding Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

Remain with you command in the vicinity of Hudsonville and send a strong picket to Lockhart's Mill; look well south from both points and send me all information. I will be at or near this point. Mizner will move out about 5 miles west, and Major Coon will go to Olive Branch. Be very vigilant, as everything tends to indicate that the enemy intends making an attempt on the railroad.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

