
the Second Brigade proceeded by rail to La Grange, and the Third Brigade marched to La Grange and then proceeded by rail to Pocahontas, Tennessee

December 2 the Second Brigade, with the exception of the Second Iowa Battery, marched to Middleton, Tennessee; 25 miles.

December 3 returned to La Grange, Tennessee

December 20 the Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteer Infantry, and Company E, First Illinois Ligh Artillery, under command of Brigadier General J. A. Mower, moved by railroad to Corinth, Miss.

December 21 marched to Purdy, Tennessee; distance 20 miles.

December 24, at 2 a. m., marched from Purdy to Jack's Creek, Tennessee, where it arrived at 10.30 a. m., a distance of 18 miles. Marched a distance of 4 miles northwest of Jack's Creek the same day and back.

December 25, at 6 p. m., made a retrograde march to Purdy, Tennessee; 24 miles.

December 27, at 2 a. m., marched to Corinth, Miss., where it arrived at 12.30 p. m. Embarked on cars at 3 p. m. and moved to La Grange, Tennessee

December 31 the division is stationed as follows: Division headquarters at La Grange, Tennessee The First Brigade, One hundred and fourteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry and Ninety-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry at Memphis, Tennessee; Seventy-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry at Collierville, Tennessee The Second Brigade at La Grange, Tennessee, with the exception of the Eighty Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry and one section of Company E, First Illinois Light Artillery, at Saulsbury, Tennessee The Third Brigade, the Eighth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, right wing of the Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, and Sixth Indiana Battery at Pocahontas, Tennessee; left wing of the Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteer Infantry at Middleton, Tennessee, and the Twelfth Iowa Volunteer Infantry at Chewalla, Tennessee
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., December 31, 1863.

Brigadier General J. P. HAWKINS,

Commanding Goodrich's Landing:

GENERAL: You will immediately set to work and prepare about 4,000 colored troops for an expedition to the Washita country. I will send you from here Scofield's brigade, at least three regiments, and will have Osband, now at Skipwith's Landing, join you with his cavalry command. It is expected the expedition will start about the 10th of January, and will be in connection with some other movement. In making your preparations, do it without exciting any suspicion of your intentions or giving any clue as to the direction in which your troops are to move. I will not send Scofield's brigade up until just before the time for you to start.

You will of course see that your command is properly supplied with ammunition, 200 rounds to the man, and the necessary transportation for the same, and such provisions as you will have to take.

35 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

