
COLLIERVILLE, November 5, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT:

Don't know where Mizner is. McCrillis camped near Coldwater last night; marched toward Holly Springs this morning. I forwarded your last dispatch received by me at Quinn's Mill, on Coldwater.

E. HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel HEPBURN,Second Iowa Cavalry, Collierville, Tennessee:

Send the following to Colonel Hatch:

If you are sure the enemy has fled for the Tallahatchie, turn on Richardson and cut up his force. You need not follow Chalmers. Richardson will try to cross the railroad into West Tennessee.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General STEVENSON, Corinth, Miss.:

As soon as troops arrive from Arkansas they will be pushed out. You must keep one or two engines and a train at Corinth. If threatened, let go of the posts down to Moscow and call into Corinth and hold that point until we get out to you.

Lee's forces have gone east. Roddey only remains. There is no doubt you are too weak, but there is no help for it. The cavalry will keep your south front clear as soon as this trip is over.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

HDQRS. LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Eastport, November 5, 1863.

Brig. Gen. T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding Second Division, Iuka, Miss.:

The general commanding directs that you move out at daylight to-morrow morning, carrying out his written instructions sent you to-day. Cars were ordered sufficient to carry all stores to Corinth to-day. If the regiments have more on hand than they can carry it is the fault of your quartermaster, as the orders were issued long ago as to what transportation they could be allowed.

Orders went to you last evening in relation to the wagons that came up on the train in the night. At 10 o'clock this a.m. no move had been made to put teams to them. The Twelfth and One hundred and twenty-second Regiments Illinois Volunteer Infantry were ordered to move here early this morning. They report here to-night,

