SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS.

No. 220. Meridian, Miss., October 20, 1863.

II. Major-General French will establish his headquarters at Brandon. He will assume command of McNair's, and Ector's brigades, now there.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR NEW MARKET,

October 21, 1863.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report the position of the enemy's cavalry in North Alabama.

The enemy is 3,000 or 4,000 strong at Maysville under command of General Crook. General Mitchell's division is between that point and Stevenson, about Paint Rock bridge. Their wagon train arrived yesterday; for three or four days past they have been foraging on citizens entirely. They occupy Salem, Winchester, Decherd in force, also Columbia and that neighborhood.

I have taken 12 prisoners from various commands and sent them over the river.

The command which Colonel Holman had organized consists of five small companies, recently commanded by Captain George. He being sick the command is broken up and doing nothing at present. They are all anxious to have a commander, but no suitable man is on this side of the river.

Captain Gurley was captured yesterday, and the Yankee provost-marshal was heard to say that he would be hung.

I have to-day sent in a scout to Tennessee to learn something more definite of the disposition of the enemy's forces there.

I herewith inclose you the names of the men, whom I have on duty with me, besides the one who was detailed at your headquarters,* all belonging to the Fourth Regiment Alabama Volunteers. These men are of great service to me by being acquainted with all the country between the river and Murfreesborough, and if you want any information about any particular point I can furnish it.

The bearer knows where to find me, if you have any further instructions.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. MANSTON,

Lieutenant and Scout, C. S. A.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,Twelve Miles West of Tuscumbia, October 21, 1863-5 o'clock.

Brigadier-General RODDEY:

GENERAL: Major General S. D. Lee directs me to say that he has information that you are ordered to report to him, and he presumes you have already received the order from General Bragg.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 8 men.

---------------

