HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,2 1/2 Miles from Philadelphia, October 22, 1863-9.30 o'clock.

Major-General STEVENSON:

The colonel commanding directs me to say he has no further definite information beyond what he has already reported concerning the strength of the enemy. Two regiments have been sent forward this morning with instructions to proceed until the enemy is developed.

Our brigade occupies the right and Colonel Morrison's the left of railroad. Colonel Morrison's pickets were fired on during the night and this morning in the road leading from Philadelphia and Loudon to Tipton.

A large number of cavalry have straggled to the rear; it is hoped you have arrested all such and turned them back. The officer at Charleston has been instructed to arrest all who go that far.

by order of Colonel G. G. Dibrell, commanding brigade:

DIXON A. ALLISON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, Tennessee, October 22,1 1863.

Major JOHN J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I received a dispatch this evening from a lieutenant whom I sent in charge of a scouting party, that he has visited Kincannon's Ferry, Bunker Hill, and Bly[the's] Ferry. He reports Federal force on the opposite bank of the river at Blythe's Ferry, which he learns is General Spears' command, about 2,000 strong; that the officer in charge of our picket on this side says they seem to be quiet now.

Very respectfully,

N. J. LILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

P. S.-The foot pontoon is completed. Captured train all safe on this side of river. Four hundred and fifty-five Federal prisoners have arrived; 424 shipped to Atlanta this evening. There are a few citizens and negroes among them. What shall I do with them?

N. J. L.

ROGERSVILLE, ALA., October 22, 1863.

General BRAGG:

GENERAL: Inclosed find orders* sent me. I will of course obey them immediately, and report to General Lee.

I regret exceedingly having to make the crossing, as my arrangements are already made for a Tennessee raid. Reliable information indicates the enemy 700 strong at Columbia, 300 at Franklin, one regiment at Shelbyville, three at Murfreesborough, none at Pulaski, Fayetteville, or Athens. There is a force variously estimated on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad above Huntsville, but there is

---------------

*See Pickett to Roddey, p. 573.

---------------

