
and say they did not start until 11 this a.m. Such delays must not be allowed. Colonel Mersy is crossing to-night, and no one is here to relieve him. Your advance will be expected here by 9 or 10 a.m. to-morrow.

By order of Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

No. 4. In the Field, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

The habit of raiding parties of rebel cavalry visiting towns, villages, and farms, where there are no Federal forces, and pillaging Union families, having become prevalent, department commanders will take immediate steps to abate the evil or make the loss by such raids fall upon secessionists and secession sympathizers of the neighborhood where such acts are committed.

For every act of violence to the person of an unarmed Union citizen, a secessionist will be arrested and held as hostage for the delivery of the offender.

For every dollar's worth of property taken from such citizens or destroyed by raiders, an assessment will be made upon secessionists of the neighborhood and collected by the nearest military forces under the supervision of the commander thereof, and the amount thus collected paid over to the sufferers.

When such assessments cannot be collected in money, property useful to the Government may be taken at a fair valuation, and the amount paid in money by a disbursing officer of the Government, who will take such property upon his returns.

Wealthy secession citizens will be assessed in money and provisions for the support of Union refugees who have and may be driven from their homes and into our lines by the acts of those with whom such secession citizens are in sympathy.

All collections and payments under this order will be made through disbursing officers of the Government, whose accounts must show all money and property received under it and how disposed of.

By order of Maj. Gen. U. S. Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 261. Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

I. Captain Thomas G. Baylor, Ordnance Corps, having, pursuant to orders from the Secretary of War, relieved Captain Horace Porter from duty at these headquarters, is announced as chief of ordnance for this army, and will at once enter upon the discharge of his duties.

The general commanding takes this occasion to express his appreciation of the valuable service rendered by Captain Porter during his connection with this army. His thorough knowledge of the duties of his position, his good judgment, and untiring industry have

