
Slemons' brigade, Colonel W. F. Slemons commanding-Continued.

19th Battalion Cavalry, Colonel J. Z. George commanding, effective strength 350

Duff's (Mississippi) Battalion Cavalry, Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Duff commanding, effective strength 200

Total 1,330

McCulloch's brigade, Colonel Robert McCulloch commanding:

2nd Missouri Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel McCulloch commanding, effective strength 250

1st Mississippi Partisans, Lieutenant-Colonel Hovis commanding, effective strength 310

Cavalry Battalion, Waul's (Texas) Legion, Lieutenant-Colonel Willis commanding, effective strength 450

12th Mississippi Cavalry, Colonel W. M. Inge commanding, effective strength 250

18th Mississippi Battalion Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Chalmers commanding, effective strength 225

Total 1,485

Richardson's brigade, Colonel R. V. Richardson commanding:

12th Tennessee Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Green commanding, effective strength 300

13th Tennessee Cavalry, Colonel Neely commanding, effective strength 200

Marshall's Battalion 128

Lowry's (Mississippi) State Cavalry 200

Harris' (Mississippi) State Battalion 150

Davenport's (Mississippi) State Battalion 125

Total 903

These arrangements have been made since I was placed in command of all the cavalry in North Mississippi. I presume that Brigadier-General Ferguson will soon return to command at his old post, and will take charge again of the troops now under Colonel Richardson. The other brigades I hope will be permitted to remain permanently as they now are, and I write this to ask the promotion of Colonel Robert McCulloch, of the Second Missouri, and Colonel W. F. Slemons, of the Second Arkansas. They have been in the cavalry service since the commencement of the war, and are both highly deserving of promotion, Colonel McCulloch has been recommended for promotion several times before, and was informed recently that as soon as a brigade could be organized for him, he would be promoted. If the promotions ar made, I ask that Colonel McCulloch be made the senior by one day.

Many of my men are unarmed and poorly equipped, but these deficiencies are being supplied as rapidly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, October 22, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

An order from the Commissary-General has reached here for portion of the beef-cattle held by myself for use of the Army of Tennessee. Major Dameron forwards 2,000 of his own purchase and asks for 3,000 head from myself. What shall I do?

W. E. MOORE,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

