
800 men; many have died. Now if I could get the authority to turn the true men of my three regiments and my old Third Tennessee Regiment into mounted infantry, I could do good service for the Government. My opinion is that out of the seven, regiments paroled at Vicksburg we will not get out of the enemy's lines more than three regiments, and they all would make a fine mounted command.

I am, as ever, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. VAUGHN,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Express gratification at his success. Doubt whether horses could be obtained. Would advise, however, that he confer with General Bragg, through whom any application to change the character of the troops should be made.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,No. 84. Somerville, Tennessee, October 23, 1863.

I. Pursuant to orders from the War Department, Colonel C. H. Tyler will report to Brigadier General H. B. Davidson for assignment to duty in command of the cavalry formerly stationed in Western Virginia, relieving Colonel George B. Hodge in command of said troops.

II. In parting with Colonel Hodge the major-general commanding tenders his thanks to this gallant officer for the service he has rendered.

By order of Major General Joseph Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN MISS.,

October 23, 1863.

General L. Polk,

Atlanta, Ga.:

You are relieved from duty with the Army of Tennessee and will relieve Lieutenant-General Hardee of the command of the troops he has been organizing in the Department of Mississippi. I leave to-night for Mobile, will remain tomorrow and next day at that place, and then proceed by railroad to Montgomery. Would be glad to meet you at either place, as may be convenient to you.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

MERIDIAN, MISS.,

October 23, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: The President directs me to inform you that Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee has been relieved from duty in your department,

