
could be turned over to the Confederate service. The Governor did not seem to understand me, and said he could do nothing till the Legislature met; that there horses and different descriptions of property impressed by the State now in possession of these companies, and he could not take the responsibility of acting until authorized by himself to collect it on the part of the State; but he would come to no decision and requested me to return the next day. I did so, but he had come to no conclusion, except that he would assemble the companies, and I left him with the understanding that he would apprise me by mail as soon as the matter could be acted upon.

Respectfully,

E. J. HARVIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Meridian, November 26, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the President.

Governor Pettus never carried out the arrangement agreed upon during the President's visit to Mississippi. Governor Clark has referred the subject the the State Legislature.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

General.

[Third indorsement.]

DECEMBER 3, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

DECEMBER 5, 1863.

There has been, evidently, a misapprehension, and as the subject has been referred to the Legislature, it is now too late to restore the case to its original position.

The proposition agreed on was, that the mounted troops raised by the State should made to conform to the law; that the State being owner of the horses, could be allowed to draw the per diem provided to be paid for their use and risk; and the arms and equipments should be paid for as is usual in like cases.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 252. Richmond, Va., October 23, 1863.

XXVI. The execution of the conscript laws will be suspended in the following named counties in the State of Georgia until otherwise ordered: Rabun, Towns, Habersham, White, Lumpkin, Dawson, Gilmer, Fannin, and Union.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

