
tersville to watch the movements of the enemy, and with the balance of your command proceed with as little delay as practicable to our right flank. You will take up position at or near Cleveland.

The general commanding desires that as soon as your troops are en route for that place you will report in person at these headquarters for conference and instructions.

You will bring with you a tabular organization of the cavalry of this army, showing its regimental strength and commanders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUSCUMBIA, October 24, 1863-11 p. m.

General WHEELER,

In the Field:

GENERAL: I have just returned from Caney Creek, which is General Lee's front. After looking over the entire move, I can scarcely believe that the enemy design rebuilding and occupying this road. The enemy are in sight of our troops, who are burning and destroying the track industriously, and it occurs to me, if they have the force represented and design occupying the road, they would certainly attempt to drive us off and save the road.

A rail has certainly gone south in the direction of Tuscaloosa, large enough to do great damage if allowed to go at large.

I have sent scouts to get up more definite information, and am prepared to move after them at short notice, but cannot now hope to do more than cut off their retreat, and it will only be in your power to stop their advance.

General Lee thinks their force is overwhelming and that we cannot make any stand in front; therefore has ordered me, in case I learn their move is a serious one, to move after it promptly.

My impression is that their leading move will be toward Tuscaloosa and Selma, perhaps on the Georgia roads.

Send me the torpedoes.

Yours, as ever,

P. D. RODDEY,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, October 24, 1863.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Richmond:

The chief commissary informs me that you have directed Major Donelson to take charge of the beeves I have been collecting. It is necessary that I should keep such supplies under my own control. You will always find me ready to aid you to the extent of my ability in supplying other departments. I respectfully suggest, therefore, that in such cases you express your wants and wishes to me directly. I have offered to General Bragg such help as I can give him.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

