
[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. COSBY'S BRIGADE, INDEPENDENT CAV. DIV.,Near Brownsville, Miss., October 25, 1863.

Captain GEORGE MOORMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the brigadier-general commanding division that two ladies, recently from Vicksburg, state that they saw evidences of an anticipated movement in some direction by the Federal forces on other side of Big Black; and that the Federal officers with whom they conversed told them it was the intention to make another grand movement in this direction. I would not mention this but for the fact that the same evidences and statements preceded their last move. I now give it as it comes to me without being able to say what the information amounts to.

Most respectfully,

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

IN CAMP NEAR BROWNSVILLE,

October 25, 1863.

Captain BULLOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

On the 14th instant twenty boats loaded with Federal troops passed Australia Landing, 20 miles above mouth White River, going down the Mississippi River. I was informed of this by Captain Montgomery, who had pickets at Australia. My father saw eight of the boats. I could not learn where they were from or where they were going. Two of the boats my farther saw were loaded with cavalry.

R. A. BROWN,

Lieutenant Company E, Twenty-eighth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS BRIGADE,October 25, 1863.

Captain MARTIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I herewith transmit the within statement for General Jackson's information. Mr. Reed, who formerly reported a movement of the enemy correctly, now states that within a day or two they have been making very minute and particular inquiries as to the number of troops,&amp;c., on the Mississippi Central road and the amount of supplies brought down on that road. He is of the opinion that they intend making a raid on said road. I send this for what it is worth.

Respectfully,

G. B. COSBY,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION,Livingston, Miss., October 25, 1863.

I deem these two reports of sufficient importance to forward for the information of Major-General Loring. I think the enemy have

