
been re-enforced at Vicksburg and will doubtless make another move toward Canton to strike at the Mississippi Central road. General Loring will please forward to General Johnston.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. H. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General.

Report of Charles Pierson, scout.

I left the headquarters of General Chalmers at Ingraham (1 miles south of Byhalia on Monday, 12th October; reached Memphis Wednesday, 14th. The enemy have at Memphis the One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Infantry, five companies One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Infantry, Twenty-first Missouri, Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry, an African regiment of infantry, one battery of light artillery (white), four batteries heavy artillery (colored), and the Second Iowa Cavalry.

I learned that Fuller's brigade, composed of the Twenty-seventh, Thirty-ninth, Forty-third, and Sixty-third Ohio Infantry, which has long been quartered at Memphis, was under marching orders. Colonel Hatch, chief of cavalry, Sixteenth Army Corps, was in Memphis Monday, 19th; total force, 3,500.

The garrison at Germantown on Monday, the 19th, was the Fifty-second Illinois Infantry and a few cavalry; total force, 500.

The force at Collierville, same date, six companies of Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry and two battalions of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry; total force, 800.

The force at La Fayette, same day, two companies Sixty-sixth Indiana Infantry and one battalion Seventh Illinois Cavalry; 300.

Force at Moscow, same day, the Second (native colored) Tennessee and a few white troops; 800 men.

Force at La Grange, Second and Seventh Iowa Infantry and the One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry, the Third and Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and the Fourteenth Indiana Battery, four guns; total of 2,000 men.

At Grand Junction, Tuesday, 20th, the Sixth Tennessee Cavalry; about 700 men.

At Saulsbury, same day, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry (Colonel Hawkins); total of 800 en.

At Middleton, same day, one regiment infantry, no cavalry; 400 men.

At Pocahontas, Eighty-first Ohio Infantry, Twelfth Illinois Infantry, Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry; total, 1,000 men.

At Chewalla, same day, five companies Seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry and one other regiment unmounted infantry; about 600 men.

At Corinth the garrison on Wednesday, the 21st, was Fiftieth and Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry, five companies Seventh Illinois Infantry, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Third Michigan Cavalry, Seventh Kansas (Jayhawkers), the Fourteenth Ohio Battery, Captain Madison's battery (heavy), one company First Missouri Artillery, two African regiments infantry, two companies African artillery, a total of about 2,500 white troops and about 1,800 colored.

