
MERIDIAN, October 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Oxford:

Sherman is reported by General Lee moving east from Corinth along the railroad, repairing it as he goes. General Lee is opposing his march. Do what you can; endeavor to break the railroad behind him and harass his rear. It is of great importance to delay or prevent his junction with Rosecrans. He is relieved. Grant is to succeed him.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Charleston, Tennessee, October 27, 1863.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sweet Water, Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant Rozell, Eleventh Tennessee Cavalry, has just arrived here with a communication from Colonel B. J. Hill, commanding outpost at Georgetown. Lieutenant Rozell reports verbally that Spears' brigade has passed up the river, leaving only a small picket force at the ferries. Two brigades of infantry and three other regiments have also passed up the Tennessee Valley within 3 miles of the river, but whether toward the mountains or to join Burnside is not known. One of Colonel Hill's scouts returned from Sequatchie Valley yesterday and reports that there are no bodies of the enemy in that valley above Dunlap, excepting small scouting parties. Colonel Hill expects the return of another scout from Sequatchie Valley and another from the Tennessee Valley opposite Chattanooga this evening or during the night. I will duly advise you of the reports these scouts may make.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUL J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Charleston, Tennessee, October 27, 1863.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 25th instant, touching the pontoon bridge, and in reply thereto advise you that I dispatched the first train of cars (flat) that I could command to Dalton, Ga., for the pontoon-boats. This train left at 2 o'clock this morning and I expect it to return to-night. If it should return as promptly as I expect, the pontoon bridge will be in readiness tomorrow night.

Captain Presstman, Engineer Corps, arrived here last night with two additional companies of engineers, and the work on the railroad bridge is being prosecuted with all energy.

Transportation is scarce here, but I am using ox-teams with the captured wagons, and thus, to some extent, supplying this want. I have also telegraphed to the rear for additional transportation.

I have made diligent inquiry for Colonel Gillespie's command, and

