
have not ascertained where it now is. I am much in need of a small cavalry force, and would be glad to have one assigned to me that my command could reach.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS WELCKER'S BATTALION,Camp on Stamp Creek, October 27, 1863.

Colonel HUNT:

I got report yesterday that the enemy were likely between Kingston and Loudon on this side of the river, and I thought it best to bring my men out of the bend of the river, so if it was necessary I would have some way of retreat, and in the night I got news that Colonel Byrd had returned from Loudon to Kingston, and was crossing, or trying to cross, his command near there, and I sent out scouts who report everything quiet about Southwest Point up to 2 o'clock last night. I also sent a scout up the river as far as Paint Rock Ferry, between Kingston and Loudon, who learned certainly that quite a number of the enemy, principally renegades, are crossing their horses over at that place andd returning with their guns on foot, no doubt to bushwhack and rob on Paint Rock and Stockton's Creeks. Now, from the movements of some Union women, and their great anxiety to visit Kingston, I think Byrd will try and make his raid from Loudon to Kingston. There was a Federal soldier in this neighborhood yesterday morning, who made his way out to Loudon in safety. It would be well to look after those bushwhackers in force, and picket all the cross-roads, and in that way some may be captured. The Federals have a telegraph from Kingston to Loudon. There are a great many canoes on the river, but all kept on the opposite side of the river so that the enemy may at all times have a watch on my movements, and it is very difficult for me to picket the river. Tehre was very heavy picket at James' Ferry. I could see 8 or 10 out beside the reserve, and I learn there were 100 on picket, but think there were not so many.

Yours, &amp;c.,

B. F. WELCKER,

Major Battalion State Troops.

OXFORD, MISS., October 27, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Meridian:

The road can be most seriously injured east of La Grange, but the enemy can concentrate a large force, and more quickly than I can. I propose to threaten Collierville and Germantown with the force here, and attract their attention, and order Richardson and the State troops east to burn the trestles near Pocahontas and Chewalla. Answer whether you approve the plan or whether you wish my whole force moved east. No forage or subsistence east of Salem.

Whatever is done there must quick and return for subsistence.

J. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

