HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Missionary Ridge, October 28, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry, en Route from Guntersville:

I hope you have received orders directing you with General Roddey's command to move round to our right flank. Since I last wrote the enemy has taken strong position in force at or near Brown's Ferry on the south bank of the Tennessee. He is also reported to be moving in force from Bridgeport on Trenton.

You will watch closely your left and should any opportunity offer to strike the enemy in flank and rear, you will do so promptly and vigorously.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ONE AND A HALF MILES FROM LOUDON,

October 28, 1863-10.30 a. m.

Major-General STEVENSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: On arriving her (the quarters of Colonel Morrison) I find that he has a picket of no very considerable size in the town of Loudon, that he is picketing above and below the town, and that his cavalry in front of the place are a few hundred yards in rear of the quarters.

Being informed by him that should I advance any farther toward the town my camp-fires would be in view of the enemy on the other side, and would attract his fire, I shall halt and bivouac at the same point, sending foreard into the town a small infantry force to-night.

Colonel Morrison has, as he doubtless has informed you already, dispatched a scout to cross the river below, with view to obtain information of the enemy. Since my arrival here he has instructed one of his colonels to send a scout to cross above the town. From the former he hopes to obtain information by morning.

You will have learned from Colonel Morrison that one rumor makes the Ninth Army Corps to have gone to Kingston.

Mr. Wilson, State commissary, just in, discredits this report, and thinks that in the morning it will probably be ascertained that they have gone in the direction of Knoxville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. CUMMING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

The infantry will reach this place about midnight. Major Mayo desires me to state in reference to the grist-mill at Philadelphia, that the apparatus for grinding flour is in good condition; that for cornmeal not so. Capacity of mill not ascertained. It is a large fine building.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,Near Loudon, Tennessee, October 28, 1863-7 o'clock.

Major REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that I have arrived at this point and have my pickets in Loudon. The enemy have been in line of

