HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI, Oxford, October 28, 1863.

Major General S. J. GHOLSON,Commanding Mississippi Militia:

GENERAL: I wrote to you yesterday that I had been ordered by General Johnston to make a movement against the enemy and requesting you to co-operate with me with the forces under your command.

The object of the movement is to harass the rear of the re-enforcements which the enemy is sending east over the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and if possible to tear up the road so as to delay their passage, and it is important that it should be made promptly.

The most assailable points on the road as well as those where the most serious injury can be done to it, are east of La Grange, and it is my intention to move with the troops in this vicinity toward the railroad between Memphis and La Grange so as to attract the enemy's attention and induce him to concentrate his forces against me, and in the mean time to send Colonel Richardson with his command to strike the railroad at the most vulnerable point east of La Grange or to harass the enemy in such other manner as shall be most effective and practicable.

I have instructed Colonel Richardson to communicate with you and shall be glad if you will co-operate with him in this movement.

It will be impossible for the troops here to move before the 1st November, and I have ordered Colonel Richardson to move on that day.

I am, general, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI, Oxford, October 28, 1863.

Colonel R. V. RICHARDSON:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to say that General Johnston desires the movements against the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to be made as promptly as possible with the view of harassing the rear of the re-enforcements moving east, and, if possible, to break up the road.

The most assailable points on the road are east of La Grange, and the general proposes to move with the troops in this vicinity so as to threaten between Memphis and La Grange and attract the enemy's attention to himself, while you, acting in conjunction with General Gholson, harass the enemy as much as possible between La Grange and Corinth, either by attacking some station on the road or in such other way as may be most effective in carrying out the purposes desired. He will write to General Gholson desiring him to co-operate with you and inclose the letter which you will please forward. If he consents, you will agree upon a plan of operations with him, but in any event you will move with all the effective force at your command. It will not be practicable for the troops in this vicinity to

