
move before the 1st November, and the general desires that you move on that day simultaneously with them, and that you strike at the point intended with as little delay as possible.

I am, colonel, &amp;c.,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. ARMY, Richmond, October 28, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &c., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the following suggestion made by Major N. R. Chambliss, under date of October 23, 1863:

I would respectfully suggest that if some of the hides produced in General Johnston's command could be turned over to me, I could repair all accouterments now on hand, and make serviceable any quantity of the equipments, &c., that were captured at Chickamauga, and then readily supply the constant demands of Colonel Kennard.

I beg to add that as a matter of necessity to the equipment of your army a portion of the hides should be turned over to Major Chambliss, and to request that he be notified of the order if given.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.

ATLANTA, GA., October 29, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Commanding Department of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I reply to your letter of October 13, requesting that the application of Brigadier General N. B. Forrest, for transfer to West Tennessee and North Mississippi [be granted], has been received, and the application granted.

In order to enter effectively upon this new field of duty, General Forrest needs a nucleus for the organization he hopes to perfect, and suggests that Lieutenant-Colonel Woodward's battalion of Second Kentucky Regiment, Major McDonald's battalion of Forrest's regiment, and a battery of four steel-rifled guns, with Freeman's or Morton's company to serve the battery, will be allowed him.

This application is referred to you and commended to such favorable consideration as the interests of the public service will permit.

I am, very truly and respectfully,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

ATLANTA, GA., October 29, 1863.

Brigadier General N. B. FORREST:

GENERAL: Your application for a transfer to North Mississippi and West Tennessee is granted. Inclosed you will please find a copy

