
of letter from General B. Bragg, asking that the application be granted. Your request for Woodward's and McDonald's battalions, and a battery, to be served by Freeman's or Morton's company, to form the nucleus of an organization, has been referred to General Bragg, and commended to such favorable consideration as the interests of the public service will permit. You will proceed to the new field of duty to which you are hereby assigned, for the purpose designated in your application.

I am, very truly and respectfully,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, October 13, 1863.

Brigadier-General LEE,Aide, &amp;c., to President:

SIR: Some weeks since I forwarded an application from Brigadier General N. B. Forrest for a transfer to the Mississippi for special service.* At that time I withheld my approval, because I deemed the services of that distinguished soldier necessary with this army. As that request can now be granted without injury to the public interests in this quarter, I respectfully ask, in reply to your inquiry, that the transfer be made.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 3, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Note the orders and arrangements made by the President and conform your record.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, Near Loudon, October 29, 1863.

Major JOHN J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my scouts who have returned report that White's division has gone to Kingston. This news is confirmed by Colonel Hart's pickets and scouts oh the river at Kingston, on this side of the river. From the best information I get the remainder of the force, with the exception of two regiments of Wolford's brigade, now opposite Loudon, has gone to Knoxville.

I send Melvin Porter, a Union man; has two sons in Byrd's (Federal) regiment; has taken once the oath of allegiance to the Confederate States, and now has taken the same to the Federal Government,

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXX, Part IV, p. 508.

---------------

