
as you will see from the inclosed papers* found on his person. He was making his way to Kingston, it is believed by those who know him, with the intention of conveying intelligence to the enemy.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Force.
HEADQUARTERS, Meridian, Miss., October 29, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,Commanding, &amp;c., near Tuscumbia, Ala.:

GENERAL: General Johnston has instructed me to reply to your communication of the 22nd instant. He thinks, in accordance with your own views, that you should not attempt to cross the Tennessee River while Sherman continues the movement in which he is now engaged, unless thereby you can aid in striking some heavy blow. He approves your course in recalling Roddey to this side.

General Chalmers has received the orders you suggest and will be employed in impeding the work of the enemy along the Memphis and Charleston Railroad as long as it is expedient for you to operate in Sherman's front.

By command of General Johnston:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI, Oxford, October 29, 1863.

Instructions for the movement of troops:

I. Colonel McCulloch will move with his brigade on the 1st November to Ingraham's Mill on Pigeon Roost Creek. He will send an efficient major with two good companies in advance with orders to drive in the enemy's pickets, at Quinn's Mill, on Coldwater, on the evening of the 1st, and to join the brigade at Ingraham's Mill the same night and report. Active scouts will be kept constantly in front to observe and report any movements of the enemy. On the 2nd November he will move to John Anderson's plantation, in the fork of Pigeon Roost and Coldwater and form a junction with Colonel Slemons. He will send a scouting party through Holly Springs on the 1st and will keep a few scouts there while the movement is going on, to report any movements of the enemy.

II. Colonel Slemons will move on the 1st with his brigade to Luxahoma, and on the 2nd instant he will move to Anderson's plantation, where he will form a junction with Colonel McCulloch. He will send a scouting party through Hernando in advance of his own movement, and will keep a few reliable scouts in that place during the entire movement.

III. Scouts will be sent from both brigades to watch the railroad and State Line road, and report any movement of troops.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

