
IV. The wagons carried out for wheat will be loaded on the first day out, and will return to this place at once.

V. The brigadier-general commanding will move with Colonel Slemons' brigade.

By order of General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, October 29, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 14th instant has been received. I inclose you copies of a letter from General Lee, and the orders given in that and another case similar to it. Every assistance and every facility in my power have been given to officers who have come to my department for the purpose of gathering up and taking across the river absentees from your command.

I have sent a copy of your letter of General Taylor, with instructions to put himself in communication with you, and, if practicable, establish the two lines of couriers as you propose.

There is already a line of signal stations which crosses the river at the island in Bruin's Lake, a short distance above Saint Joseph's.

General Lee sent an officer to General Taylor to make arrangements for the establishment of communication with your department. General Taylor reports to me that such arrangements have been completed. I have directed him to inform you what they are.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.
HEADQUARTERS, October 30, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 29th is received. I am making the necessary arrangements to hold Lookout Mountain and the pass between it and the river. I have no troops on the mountain farther south than a point a little below Powell's trail, where Anderson's brigade is. This is, as I understand, father south than the general wished me to place infantry troops, but it is the nearest strong position that my engineer officer could find. The trails north of this are well guarded, and scouting parties are examining the mountain to discover any unknown ascents by which the enemy may approach. When found they will be guarded also.

The cavalry under Colonel Grigsby, when last heard from, three days ago, was at Trenton, with orders from me to hold the mountain passes from Nickajack trail to Johnson's Crook in case it was driven back from Trenton. In this connection it may be well to mention that the cavalry commander seems to be under some misapprehension of his position. As I understand it, he is under my orders. He seems to be under the impression that his instructions will come from the commanding general. I would prefer that he should be instructed from general headquarters alone, but if he is

