
to receive instructions from these headquarters I would suggest that no orders be sent him except they go through these headquarters.

The enemy marched an army through the line occupied by our cavalry the day before yesterday, and I have not yet received a word of information about the movement from any cavalry officer, or from any other source, except one of my signal parties near Trenton.

I may do some injustice to this force in intimating that there seems to be some neglect on the part of some portion of this force, but I have not heard any reason, as yet, for thinking otherwise.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding Corps.

ABINGDON, October 30, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Chickamauga:

Your telegram of yesterday received. My cavalry is on the Watauga and Holston, from Carter's Station to Kingsport. Infantry moving to the same line. I cannot move my infantry beyond the Holston. Will use cavalry to make raids and, if practicable, collect cattle and hogs. It is important that there should be additional force on this end of the line. I have asked for it repeatedly. I believe there is no enemy this side of Jonesborough.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CANE CREEK, October 30, 1863-8 a. m.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps, Warrenton, Ala.:

GENERAL: The enemy are still in force at Cherokee Station; about a division has crossed at Eastport, and are marching via Florence. I am not positive yet whether the main force will cross at Eastport or not, but think the main column will. All the tents were standing at Cherokee yesterday noon, and no appearance of a move. Ferguson has completely routed the tory regiments (Alabama) and taken two pieces of artillery, with 40 prisoners, small-arms, horses, &amp;c. Will post you on further developments.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Tuscumbia, Ala., October 30, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

A. A. G., Army of Tennessee, near Chattanooga:

COLONEL: I wrote about 8 a. m. this morning, since which time the enemy have broken up their camp and are moving toward Big Bear Creek. They are crossing at Eastport, and I have no doubt now that their main column will march from that point and most

