
probably via Huntsville. They have given up this route and the idea of repairing the railroad. I have sent a small force in pursuit, and to further observe them. My scouts from Chickasaw this morning report they were crossing all day yesterday on a gun-boat and barge. He saw a large number of wagons and artillery cross. A gentleman at Burnsville sends me word they had determined to cross at Eastport, and that the force that had come through Corinth so far was about 25,000. I give this last for what it is worth. I will remain on Town Creek for several days to recruit my horses and shoe them up, if no opportunities are presented to strike the enemy.

I will be pleased to hear from the general with reference to my further movements. I do not think my forces will be longer required in this valley.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Tuscumbia, Ala., October 30, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps, near Warrenton, Ala.:

GENERAL: The enemy broke up their camp near Cherokee Station, 16 miles west of this point, this morning, and are moving toward Big Bear Creek. They are crossing their force at Eastport, and will march north of the Tennessee River.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., October 30, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Complaints have reached this department of the lawless manner in which bands of cavalry in your department impress property belonging to citizens. Major Dameron, major and chief commissary, in replying to a complaint that was referred to him, says:

There is, unfortunately, too much truth in the report of these abuses, and this department misrepresented as guilty, but, if investigated, prove to originate from the acts of commissioned and non-commissioned officers of the army in the field and generally with the cavalry service.

Mr. Cooper, the editor of the Mississippian, who was called on for explanation of an article in his paper, says:

The complaints come generally from the cavalry and soldiers who represent themselves as belonging to cavalry commands. For the last two years there have been now and then detachments of cavalry quartered in the vicinity of Monticello. I am unable to state the particulars, but enough reports have reached my ears of the acts of impressing officers in this and other portions of the State to have induced me to believe there are gross abuses. In the county of Lawrence the people evince insecurity lest their property would be taken by irresponsible self-styled impressing officers.a

aA case of impressment of property of a Mr. Tennyson, of Monticello, is mentioned. A statement by Lieutenant Gwinn accompanies it.

