
KNOXVILLE, November 5, 1863.

General SANDERS,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch of last evening received. The commanding general directs me to say that in case you become satisfied the enemy intends to attack you in force, you will remove your trains and camps to this side of Little River, keeping a strong advanced post in Maryville. The general is frequently anxious in regard to the state of affairs in your front. You will, therefore, please report more frequently even should there be nothing new to report, as other movements may be based upon the fact of even everything being quiet in your front. We have as yet no mail and no newspapers. The news report brings nothing new from Meade or Thomas.

Yours, respectfully,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY, Maryville, November 5, 1863.

[Maj. Gen. JOHN G. PARKE:]

GENERAL: There is nothing new in my front this morning. There is a rumor of a small party in the neighborhood of Montvale Springs. I have sent a party out there. Colonel Adams, with the First Kentucky Cavalry, went out at 1 o'clock this morning to try and capture any scouting party that might come up this way, and if they do succeed he will try and push on to the river, and, unless they have a large force on this side, run them into it or capture some of them.

I send 4 deserters to-day who came from Bragg's army a week ago yesterday. They say the railroad bridge over the Hiwassee is nearly completed, and that Cheatham's command is this side of there.

At Rockford there are some commissary stores-sugar, rice, and salt-which the citizens say belong to the C. S. Government, but the man who has it in charge says it belongs to the factory company at that place and is for the use of the hands. I can get no positive information. Shall I take them?

Respectfully,W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

I will report at least twice a day.

KNOXVILLE, November 5, 1863-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General SANDERS,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch of this morning received. You have full authority to seize the stores at Rockford. I have sent your note to Poe. The deserters have not yet made their appearance. Will you please direct those that you may send hereafter to be first sent to these headquarters for examination.

Yours, respectfully,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

