
The general commanding instructs me to express to you his thanks for the activity and zeal which you have shown, and the successful manner in which you have impeded and thwarted the enemy's advance.

Brigadier-General Roddey has been ordered to remain with you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, October 31, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,Commanding Cavalry, near Tuscumbia:

GENERAL: The general commanding instructs me to say in reply to your communication of the 28th instant that should you ascertain the enemy has fallen back with a view to proceed to Nashville, as suggested by you, the best service you could render us would be, after leaving a force behind sufficient to guard that section of country, to move with your main body, including General Roddey's command, into Middle Tennessee and fall upon the enemy's communications, especially destroying and breaking up the Nashville and Decatur and the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroads.

The general also desires that you will make to him a full report of all the facts connected with the parole of Colonel Forrest. This system of paroling has been heretofore repudiated by the enemy, and a full history of this case is therefore requested.

I am, general, very respectfully,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT OF SCOTT'S BRIGADE, Pleasant Grove Academy, [October 31, 1863.]

Major J. J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have been unable to procure any further information relative to the movements of the enemy on the opposite side of the river than was communicated to you yesterday by my assistant adjutant-general.

I do not think they are moving down in very heavy force and think their object is really to strengthen their pickets and keep up a more rigid guard upon the river. I have made an arrangement to have a party cross the river to-day, if it is possible for them to do so, but fear the rigid guard kept by them may prevent their success. Should they succeed you will be informed of the result at the earliest moment.

I am in possession of an order from General Bragg's assistant inspector-general directing me to repair with the portion of the brigade now under my command to Beard's Bridge, near Georgetown (the present brigade headquarters), for the purpose of its reorganization, but the duties devolving upon the command here will prevent, without injury to the service, my complying with the order. I can,

