
however, leave the command here in charge of a competent officer for a short time and repair in person to the brigade headquarters and succeed in its reorganization and return with the command, thereby preventing a disorganization and greatly benefit the command.

I trust, therefore, you will excuse my temporary absence, during which Captain Beegles will be in command of my forces at this place, and Major Jessee in command of the detachment of cavalry of Hodge's brigade at Steegall's Tan-yard.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. McKENZIE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MARTIN'S CAVALRY DIVISION, At Shropshire's, 22 Miles from La Fayette, October 31, 1863-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant WAILES,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Cavalry Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I have just received the dispatch ordering my command to La Fayette, Ga., to guard against raids on the Georgia railroad. I will camp to-night within 15 or 18 miles of La Fayette and move on to-morrow.

The region of country into which I am ordered is barren of all subsistence for men or horses as every one knows. As it is proposed to take most of the transportation from the cavalry I see no means of feeding our horses. It is reported that a number of horses belonging to the command have been taken by General Bragg's order. I would like to have them to replace the mules I have in my command.

I would be glad to have it so arranged, if the good of the service will permit, that the detachments of my men now scattered which are known to General Wheeler may be ordered to join me.

Very respectfully,

WILLINOIS T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 282. Missionary Ridge, October 31, 1863.

I. Brigadier-General Kelly is relieved from duty with his command, and will report to Major-General Wheeler for assignment.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE, Abingdon, October 31, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,Secretary of War:

SIR: Brigadier General W. E. Jones was at Jonesborough, Tennessee, yesterday with a part of my cavalry. He thinks the enemy have fallen back to Bull's Gap.

General Bragg informs me by telegraph dated day before yesterday that the enemy had been driven from Loudon back to Knoxville.

