HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Maryville, November 5, 1863.

Major-General PARKE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have no further news from the front. I do not think it is the intention of the rebels to attack me here at present; at least I am not satisfied of it. If the rain continues I think I had better move my camp the other side of Little River in fear of high water. I am not satisfied but that it would be a better point that this in any case, as I would only have 5 miles farther scouting to do, and would have a better chance of catching small parties who would come in to this place. I would not have probably as good foraging, country, but there is a terrible number of roads leading to this place, as you will see by the inclosed map made by the county surveyor.

If they should make an advance in force sufficient, they could easily get around me or cause me to fall back without being whipped. However, I am by no means satisfied that they really intend to try and occupy this county. If a bridge is to be thrown across the Holston at Lenoir's, it would enable most small parties, or large ones, that move up this way to be caught in a disagreeable situation.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-It is rumored here that our forces hold Cleveland, Tennessee; that the rebels have left Loudon, and we are putting over another bridge. I cannot trace the rumor.

Respectfully,

W. P. S.

KNOXVILLE, November 5, 1863-5.45 p.m.

General SANDERS,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, with inclosed sketch of road, received. The commanding general leaves it to your judgment about moving your camp to this side of Little River. It is certainly safer, and the general suggested it while writing the dispatch last night. We know nothing about our troops being in Cleveland. We have a report from Kingston that our troops occupy the Chickamauga battle-ground; we don't know how reliable this is. What report from Colonel Adams? The news report last was very meager-chiefly election news. Heavy firing opened upon Sumter.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Maryville, Tennessee, November 5, 1863-7 p.m.

General PARKE:

All quiet since Colonel Adams' return. I should have mentioned that reports from below say three trains of cars have arrived at Sweet Water. I do not know how reliable it is. There is a rebel surgeon among the prisoners. As 2 of our surgeons, captured at

