
General Bragg superseded this with another, sending them to La Fayette, as I am informed, to haul wheat. I cannot put my brigade in that state of readiness for the field or efficiency that I would like without my wagons. The details are so numerous that a large part of the command is kept going, and it is impossible to rest the horses as they should be. While so much duty has to be performed on horse, I respectfully ask that you will have my wagons sent to this place as soon as practicable. They were at Adairsville on the railroad. I am also in need of horseshoes and nails for the command, having received only 900 at Warrenton. I would have made out a requisition for them, but knew not where to direct it. Could you not have my brigade supplied? I have but a limited supply of rations. Will my supplies be obtained from the railroad? And if so, shall I order them or get them through your corps commissary? The three regiments, viz, Third Arkansas, First Tennessee, and Second Kentucky, have not yet reported to me.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOS. HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS WHEELER'S SCOUTS, November 1, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have had a most exciting time for the past two weeks, and have had a series of skirmishes, &amp;c., and in all of which I have lost some 5 killed and 15 captured, but I know it will not do to stop on account of these minor affairs. My efforts are still unceasing. I am met, when I have appointments to speak, by encouraging crowds of people. I have urged the conscript not to wait the enforcement of that law, have appealed to the deserter and the refugee to come in and join me in our country's service, and have besought the citizens everywhere to aid me in every possible manner. My success has been most flattering, and, as I have been able, I have put the equipped men immediately on duty, and by the enemy's own confession have harassed them greatly. My work of organization is also progressing.

Captain M. F. de Graffenried is acting quartermaster. He is late of the subsistence department, and is a reliable officer. Lieutenant Cross is still adjutant, and renders excellent service, also in scouting. Lieutenant George Hill, formerly in artillery, is ordnance officer, and has gone out to you on business.

I subsist my men mainly from their captures, so as to cost the Government as little as possible. My orders, of course, are all issued subject to your approval, and I endeavor to act always as if under your immediate personal supervision. Thus I arrest and punish disorderly persons and marauders when possible, in order to the better protection of citizens where civil laws are nearly silent.

In the authority of your name I have suppressed grain distilleries, which were using up the corn of the country in the worst possible manner. I have also, in a great measure, broken up an injurious contraband trade that was going on, aiding the enemy and depreciating Confederate money.

