
I have ordered on duty stragglers and men claiming to be cut off, and have striven to make good use of what material has come in my way.

Some cattle purchased by commissary agents, who, after the retreat of July, could not move them, I have ordered resold, as they were in a district controlled by the enemy, and have drawn in the bonds to be reinvested.

I seek, of course, first, the good of the cause in which we are engaged, knowing that I thereby gain, general, your official sanction, which I hope ever to deserve.

I stand greatly in need of guns and ammunition, to procure which I desire to send a strong detail which, in fact, I may accompany myself.

Will you be so kind as to send me any letters that may be in your office for me, and also some late papers, if you can possibly get any for me? My kindest regards to my old comrades, and also to your family, with whom I had begun a pleasant correspondence, and who, I trust, have not forgotten me.

If you have an opportunity, please remember me also to my uncle, General Stewart.

With sentiments of the highest and warmest regard, I am, general, as ever, your respectful and obedient servant,

WM. S. HAWKINS,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

P. S.-Since my last report of active operations we have killed 13 negroes of the negro regiment on the Northwestern Railroad. Another scout has returned from the direction of Paducah, bringing back fifteen wagon-loads of leather. In firing a bridge on the railroad I was attacked, but accomplished my purpose, losing 2 men. Day before yesterday we had another fight, in which I lost 2 killed and 8 prisoners. The enemy had 10 to 1. My great need was guns and cartridges. With these I can hold and do good work in a large section.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 1, 1863.

The abuses and irregularities which have so recently been observed amongst the cavalry have had an injurious effect on the morale of this army and upon the citizens.

A strict regard for private rights and a due observance of the laws and regulations are essential to discipline and good order as well as content and harmony amongst the people.

All straggling and pillaging are positively forbidden, and commanders are enjoined to see that previous orders on that subject are carried into effect. They will be held to a strict accountability for any violation of these orders.

It is enjoined upon officers of this army to arrest all cavalrymen absent without proper authority from their commands, or who are found wandering over the country plundering and stealing from the citizens. Men so arrested will be sent under guard to these headquarters, where they will be dismounted and assigned to infantry.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

