HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, Near Loudon, November 2, 1863.

Major JOHN J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to state that I have just received a note from Colonel Dibrell stating that he has started with 700 men-all that were fit for the trip-over the Little Tennessee.

I cannot spare any more men, as it would weaken my force too much.

The scout to the bend of the river, opposite Lenoir's, has just been sent.

Will let you know this evening what property there is Loudon, and the transportation that is needed for it.

My pickets are now in the bend of the river, opposite Lenoir's.

The officer commanding there has just come in. He reports the enemy's pickets on the opposite side, but all quiet.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

J. J. MORRISON,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Forces.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 197. Missionary Ridge, November 2, 1863.

I. The commissaries of this army in the field will transfer all the hides of beeves slaughtered or that die while in their possession to the quartermasters of their brigades, divisions, or corps, as the case may be, who will receipt for them, paying the price fixed by general orders.

These hides will be preserved for tanning, and turned over as soon as practicable at the most convenient post to a quartermaster designated for that purpose, whose receipts shall be substituted for those previously give to the commissary.

II. Commissaries of this army stationed at army posts or depots will transfer all hides directly to the post quartermaster, who will receipt and pay for them.

III. All slaughtered sheep, all horses and mules that may die or be killed will be skinned under the direction of the quartermaster responsible for them, and transferred and receipted for in the same manner.

IV. Commissaries transferring hides will at the first of each month forward to the chief of subsistence of the army, in such form as he may prescribe, a full report of all beeves previously on hand and received or purchased during the month, the number slaughtered or that died, the number of hides transferred and to whom, their weight, and price received, and the number of beeves and hides on hand at the date of the report. A duplicate receipt of the post quartermaster of all hides received by him will accompany such report.

From these reports a consolidated statement of beeves killed in the army, and hides transferred to post quartermaster, and those in hands of other quartermasters or commissaries, will be prepared by the chief of subsistence and forwarded each month to army headquarters.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

40 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

