SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 88. La Fayette, Ga., November 2, 1863.

Pursuant to instructions from army headquarters, General F. C. Armstrong will assume command of all the cavalry now operating with Major-General Stevenson in East Tennessee.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, November 2, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

In taking charge of conscript service, with understanding that conscripts belonged to this army and Bragg's, I put a large force on that service. In giving up that control I shall, of course, expect to take back those troops now necessary to the defense of our railroads and corn-fields. As the conscripts are distributed like others there is no reason why they should not be collected like others under the Conscript Bureau and by its forces.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

ABINGDON, November 2, 1863.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

Your telegram received. I shall not move Corse's brigade or any other infantry beyond the Holston unless I receive re-enforcements. It can be sent to you whenever your order it, but not without serious danger to this section of country.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 3, 1863.

General B. BRAGG, Commanding:

GENERAL: I would like to have 1 or 2 engineer officers who have been employed in East Tennessee; also 1 or 2 quartermasters and commissaries of subsistence who are familiar with that country and its resources.

I have ordered Alexander's battalion of artillery withdrawn to-night as far as Rossville. The battery on the mountain is from this battalion. I would suggest that one of your long-range batteries be put upon the mountain early to-morrow in the place of the one of Alexander's withdrawn. The firing from the mountain has had great effect on the enemy, particularly the batteries across the river.

Colonel Alexander reports it impossible as yet to procure 20-pounder Parrott ammunition. Won't you telegraph for it to Richmond? We are in great want of it and other ammunition, as reported by Colonel Alexander. I forward the statement* of Colonel Alexander.

I remain, most respectfully,J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

