
IV. No changes in the position of the troops will take place until the army is brought together again, but reports will be made according to organization.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, November 3, 1863.

Honorable J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War, Richmond:

Impressments of provisions are made by officers acting under the immediate orders of the War Department or Commissary-General. They are not under my command. The order you have sent to me had better be given to Colonel Northrop.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Columbus, Miss., November 3, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,Commanding Cavalry, near Tuscumbia:

GENERAL: A reliable scout states that the commanding general at Corinth is preparing for a formidable raid, to move about Saturday, the 7th instant, down the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Two hundred wagons were ordered in readiness at that time.

This expedition may be intended to collect cotton, as was at once time intended, or for the destruction of the railroad and devastation of the country.

It may be, moreover, merely a feint to throw our forces out of position to effect some other contemplated object, of which you will, of course, endeavor to satisfy yourself.

As to the accuracy of my information that such a scheme has been ostensibly determined upon (perhaps to deceive Federal officials), I entertain no doubt.

I forward this information by direction of General Johnston. It is important that you keep me advised where information can be sent you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Canton, Miss., November 3, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,Adjutant and Inspector General, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: The accounts given by the cavalry seem to place it beyond doubt that the enemy have withdrawn their forces very near Vicksburg, if not within the city, keeping cavalry pickets at Clear Creek, beyond the railroad bridge, burning, as heretofore reported, the pontoon they had over Messinger's Ford. Our cavalry now cross there.

With respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Major-General, Commanding.

