
Philadelphia, as well as a chaplain, have been held as prisoners so far, and we have not heard of their release, I would respectfully suggest that this one be held a prisoner until some account of them is received. The deserters were sent to the provost-marshal. I will send the prisoners I have on hand early in the morning, and direct them to report their arrival to you. I received your note with Poe's inclosure.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GREENEVILLE, November 5, 1863.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Just received from the front.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH INDIANA CAVALRY, Near Leesburg, November 5, 1863.

Colonel JOHN W. FOSTER,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: A reliable citizen, arrived 1 o'clock a.m., reports 2,000 rebels, under the command of General Williams, crossed the river at Spurgeon's Mill one hour before sundown, moved down 2 miles in direction of Jonesborough, turned to the right, took the direction of Snap's Ferry road or Sulphur Springs. No wagon train; all well mounted, driving 8 or 10 cattle. The move, no doubt, is either to flank me and attack me by daylight or to move on your rear or the forces at Rogersville, supported by heavy force moving from Blountville to Kingsport and a heavy force General Jones left at Duvall's Ford. Colonel, this information is reliable, and it will be necessary to prepare to meet them. I will hold myself in readiness for an attack at daylight.

F. W. GRAHAM.

General Shackelford has ordered Colonel Graham to fall back upon Colonel Hoskins, who will take position near Rheatown, this side. Shackelford has moved up to their support with his main body.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 6, 1863-7 p.m. [Received 2.30 a.m., 7th.]

Maj. Gen. H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

I will direct General Hurlbut to retain Tuttle's division until re-enforcements from Steele reach him. A portion of Sherman's army will remain on the Nashville and Decatur road until that is finished. With two railroads from Nashville I think there can be no difficulty about supplies.

With Sherman's old corps here I expect to repossess Lookout Mountain and force the enemy back from their present position, so as to open communication from here to Burnside. Send Sherman what cavalry you can.

I intend to try the effect of a cavalry raid on the enemy's line of communication as soon as possible. I think the best route for them to take is to start from Burnside's position, and move at the same time a heavy column of infantry up Lookout Valley.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

