
BROOKHAVEN, November 4, 1863.

Major W. H. DAMERON,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Meridian:

MAJOR: * * * Many hogs, it is thought, may be had from the counties bordering on the river, but Captain Chrisman is of the opinion that the prices authorized by the Government are so small that owners will not sell. Impressment must then be resorted to, and many of them will escape, as they will be driven off and hidden. This is also the case with the beeves in that section and in East Louisiana. Captain Chrisman has offered to make contracts for beef from the western side of the river, at 20 cents per pound delivered here, and entertains hopes of getting some from that quarter.

The sugar contract between Captain Chrisman and Messrs. Loeb and Marx is moving slowly on. The sugar is brought in quite as fast as transportation can be got for it from this point. We have on foot a project for transportation from this place to Crystal Springs over the railroad, on the few flat-cars that are left. This will greatly economize transportation, and I trust there will be on objection made by the railroad company. If it is decided to be practicable, and they do object, we will apply through you to General Johnston.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. JOHNSTON.

[Indorsement.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY FOR MISSISSIPPI, Meridian, November 9, 1863.

Respectfully referred to the commanding general.

The letter is in answer to one addressed by me to the district commander on duty in the western part of the State, urging the importance of procuring cattle from exposed sections, and especially from counties bordering on the Mississippi River. Efforts will be made to cross cattle into this State from the Trans-Mississippi Department, and to encourage the enterprise the price offered, 20 cents, exceeds the maximum heretofore allowed.

W. H. DAMERON,

Major and Chief Commissary for Mississippi.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 235. Meridian, Miss., November 4, 1863.

* * * * * * *

IV. The First Regiment Alabama Volunteers is hereby ordered to report immediately at Meridian, Miss., with all its equipments and camp equipage, with the exception of fifteen tents to be turned over to Lieutenant-Colonel Davis, commanding company of paroled and exchanged prisoners.

* * * * * * *

VII. The officer commanding Logan's brigade of cavalry is hereby directed to order a squadron of cavalry, of not less than 100 men, to burn the gun-boat Indianola, and to bring away any negroes they may find on the adjacent plantations.

Captain Mitchell will accompany the party and point out the service to be rendered.

