
CHICKAMAUGA, November 4, 1863.

General C. L. STEVENSON,

Sweet Water:

Your two Georgia brigades will leave on the 7th instant. The two Tennessee brigades will be consolidated under the command of General Vaughn and will relieve General Wright at Charleston. General Reynolds will report here for orders.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, McGee's, November 4, 1863-9 a. m.

Major J. J. REEVE,Assistant-Adjutant General:

You will please inform the major-general commanding that our scouts went within 5 miles of Maryville last night, and learned two regiments of Wolford's brigade were encamped at Maryville and the balance at Little River on the Knoxville road.

They think there is none but Wolford's brigade south of Knoxville. Scouting parties were on nearly all the roads leading from Maryville yesterday. We learn also that all of the recruits, home guards, &amp;c., are ordered to be at Knoxville to-day, to be sent off for arms, clothing, &c.

They have three boats in vicinity of Lenoir's and Unitia, and I think there is no doubt but they have the pontoons at Knoxville and concentrating there. General Burnside is at Knoxville. We have sent 125 men of the Maryville road to scout 10 or 12 miles this a. m. and report back to-night. It is the impression that the pontoon at Knoxville is for picketing and foraging south of Knoxville, and not for any flank movement.

Citizens say Wolford has no artillery, but has a strong position at Little River. If I could get my entire brigade, think I could drive him out.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, McGee's, November 4, 1863-6.30 p. m.

Major J. J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts have just returned; had a skirmish and drove the enemy back from the brick mill, 8 miles from here on the Maryville road; no damage. The enemy (about 10) fired at our pickets across the river at Morganton about noon to-day.

Three men came out last night from below Knoxville and 2 have just arrived; left Knoxville yesterday morning. All say there are from 3,000 to 4,000 cavalry at and around Maryville; that they took the pontoon bridge from Loudon to Knoxville and crossed their force on it Sunday and Monday; that they have artillery on the hills this side of Knoxville; that only 1,000 to 2,000 troops

