
in Knoxville, and that General Burnside apprehending a flank movement from you on Knoxville is the cause of the move into Blount. They say the soldiers all say they are bound to leave East Tennessee unless the railroad is opened; cannot subsist in East Tennessee. I have received no orders from you or Colonel Morrison.

Think this is a very important point to guard now, and should be very glad to have control of my own brigade and will picket as much as may be needed above Loudon.

Forage is abundant here. Would be glad to have my wagons here also.

General Vaughn requests that you tell his wife that Lieutenant Arthur Henry was killed late this p. m. whilst returning from a scout with my men. He was killed by bushwhackers near Biffle's Mill. Three of my men were with him, and one had his horse killed.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

G. G. DIBRELL,

Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS, November 4, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of to-day is received. I have not been able to complete my report of the late battle for want of subordinate reports.

I shall endeavor to finish it in a day or two, however, and send it up without regard to reports of junior officers.

I shall move my headquarters to-morrow to Tyner's Station, there to await transportation. As I must send my couriers off the day after to-morrow, can you lend me five or six tell I get off? If you can, please let them report to me at Tyner's Station.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 4, 1863.

General JAMES LONGSTREET,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: You will move with your command (McLaws' and Hood's divisions and Alexander's and Leyden's artillery battalions) as indicated in our conference yesterday. Major-General Wheeler will make the necessary arrangements for the cavalry and probably accompany it, at least for a time. He is thoroughly acquainted with Middle Tennessee, and many of the officers with him will know the route there as well as all parts of East Tennessee. Every preparation is ordered to advance you as fast as possible, and the success of the plan depends on rapid movements and sudden blows. The country through which you move until you strike the mountains will subsist your command and forage your animals, besides giving a large surplus of breadstuffs. Your object should be to drive Burnside out of East Tennessee first, or better, to capture or destroy him. Major

