
General Samuel Jones will be urged to press on him from Northeast Tennessee. You will please keep open the telegraphic communication with us here and see to the repair and regular use of railroad to Loudon. The latter is of the first importance, as it may become necessary in an emergency to recall you temporarily. I hope to hear from you fully and frequently, general, and sincerely wish you the same success which has ever marked your brilliant career.

I am, general, very respectfully and truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 4, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,Commanding:

GENERAL: Your favor of this date is received. I was under the impression that Stevenson's division at least was to act in co-operation with McLaws' and Hood's in the expedition under contemplation. As your letter does not mention the forces, I am left in some doubt whether Stevenson's division will form a part of the command. May I ask of you the favor to have a statement of such information as you may have relative to the positions, conditions, strength of the enemy's forces, as well as his means of getting supplies, &amp;c. I would also like to be advised of any fortified positions that may be in East Tennessee, and the nature of such fortifications.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 4, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Our ordnance supply trains are quite incomplete for want of harness, &c., in the divisions. I hope that sufficient supply trains may be ready for us at Sweet Water by the arrival of the troops, that there may be no delay in our movements. All of our trains are composed of feeble animals, and it will, therefore, be necessary to have a liberal supply train to facilitate our movements.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE, November 5, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel J. LONGSTREET:

GENERAL: It was never my intention for Stevenson's division (two brigades) to remain on your expedition longer than was necessary for you to relieve him. One brigade remains at Charleston to hold the Hiwasee bridge. Your force will without Stevenson exceed considerably the highest estimate placed on the enemy, while here we shall with Stevenson only have from one-half to two-thirds his

