
CLEVELAND, November 5, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

I have ordered Colonel Harrison, commanding three regiments, to proceed immediately to Athens.

JOSEPH WHEELER,

Major-General.

SWEET WATER, November 5, 1863.

General WHEELER:

Morrison's division is picketing from mouth of Hiwassee to Knoxville. If any move is to take place, send a division of organized cavalry up here. This one is not in condition to go.

If my command is taken away from me, please relieve me from duty, as I do not desire to command a division without it. I prefer to keep my brigade and be under some division commander. If my brigade is broken up, I desire to leave the command.

F. C. ARMSTRONG.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 89. Cleveland, Tennessee, November 5, 1863.

* * * * * * *

II. Brigadier General H. B. Davidson will proceed with the First, Second, and Fourth Tennessee Regiments to take post about 10 miles west of Dalton. General Davidson is specially charged with the protection of the railroad between Resaca and Chickamauga Station from the raids of the enemy's cavalry. His attention is directed to the advantages to be gained by holding the gaps of Taylor's Ridge. He will report promptly all the information he gains of the enemy to army headquarters.

III. There are about 200 cavalry in Will's Valley picketing for Longstreet's corps. Brigadier-General Davidson will communicate with the officer commanding said cavalry, and if he finds it suffering for the want of forage, he will have it relieved every three or four days by fresh cavalry.

IV. General Davidson will be furnished with forage for his horses by railroad after exhausting the supply afforded by the country. He will have it hauled by wagons from such points of the railroad as will be most convenient.

V. Captain W. R. Marshall, of the artillery, will report for duty to Brigadier General H. B. Davidson.

VI. Colonel C. H. Tyler, commanding cavalry brigade, will report with his command for temporary duty to Brigadier General H. B. Davidson.

VII. General Davidson will keep scouts well out observing Will's Valley, so as to be promptly apprised of any movement of the enemy. He will also open communication with Colonel Chadick, who is stationed at Guntersville, requesting Colonel Chadick to give him early information of any movements of the enemy in that direction. General Davidson will take advantage of any other means in his power to accomplish the work designed.

