
VIII. Colonel Harrison will order the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry Regiment (Smith's) to report forthwith to Brigadier General H. B. Davidson.

IX. Colonel Harrison will move with the two Texas regiments and the Third Arkansas to Athens, Tennessee, immediately. On moving there he will take measures to protect the railroad at that point, or report to commanding officer at Athens should such officer be his senior.

X. Colonel J. Warren Grigsby will proceed with all the cavalry now at Spring Place, Ga., to Cleveland, Tennessee, and report to Brigadier General J. H. Kelly.

XI. Commanding officers of Tenth Confederate and Third Kentucky Regiments will report by letter to Brigadier General J. H. Kelly at Cleveland, Tennessee, and will continue picketing the river till further orders.

XII. Brigadier General J. H. Kelly will take post at Cleveland, and will picket the Tennessee River from Chattanooga to the mouth of the Hiwassee River, scouting daily the banks of the Tennessee River for a distance of 20 miles above the Hiwassee River, reporting direct to General Bragg all information obtained regarding the movements of the enemy.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, November 5, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

General Bragg telegraphs that large re-enforcements to the enemy have crossed the Tennessee at Eastport, and are marching via Huntsville. He asks me for troops. Another brigade, Baldwin's, has been exchanged and armed.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MERIDIAN, November 5, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Missionary Ridge:

I proposed to send three brigades with Hardee. The President directed that but two should go, so I am not authorized to send more. For a battle, I would, if permitted, send every infantry soldier I have.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 6, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that the brigade of General M. J. Wright shall remain at Charleston until further orders. The consolidated brigades of Vaughn and Reynolds will,

