
under Brigadier-General Vaughn, take position at Sweet Water. The inclosed communication* you will please have forwarded to Major-General Burnside.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ON THE ROAD, 7 1/2 MILES WEST OF RINGGOLD, November 6, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major E. S. BURFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I will encamp at or near Ringgold to-day and move on toward Cleveland to-morrow. Have thus far only procured half rations of forage. I will order the First Confederate Regiment to move on to Spring Place.

The Eighth Confederate has not yet reached me, but I understand has moved on another road toward Spring Place. The roads are heavy, and I am necessarily compelled to move slowly with the wagons.

I am, major, very respectfully,

WILLINOIS T. MARTIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Per WALWORTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Courtland, Ala., November 6, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I received your communication of the 29th ultimo yesterday. I have nothing special to report since my communication of the 31st ultimo. The enemy, so far five divisions, have crossed the Tennessee at Eastport and are moving toward Stevenson. The divisions are commanded by Ewing, Williamson, M. L. Smith, A. J. [J. E.] Smith, and Osterhaus. Sherman and Blair have both passed through Florence. Their column had to turn up Elk River at Rogersville to go to Fayetteville to cross, as the stream was very high, and they made several attempts to cross with rafts, and opposite Rogersville. From a prisoner captured I learn that the force which pursued Wheeler is still at Maysville, beyond Huntsville, consisting of four brigades of cavalry-Wilder's, Lowe's, Long's, and Minty's. I inclose several of my communications+ to General Bragg and the replies from his headquarters.

I am slightly embarrassed as to my course, as I deem it exceedingly hazardous to cross the Tennessee swollen as it is and with the limited number of flat-boats at my disposal. The forces of the enemy at present of course prevent my crossing as they still occupy Florence. Their cavalry, too, is west of the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.

---------------

*Not found.

+Not found as inclosures.

---------------

