HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA, Dublin, November 7, 1863.

Major General R. RANSOM, Jr.,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In consequence of the movements of the enemy on Greenbrier, I shall not be able to send to you at present the additional infantry mentioned in the note from my aide, Lieutenant Warwick, to you night before last.

Make, therefore, no change whatever in your plans for the move on Rogersville. I hope that move has not been interfered with by the rain of yesterday and last night. It was slight here. The enemy, under Brigadier-General Averell, variously estimated at from 3,000 to 7,000 strong, is moving toward Lewisburg, skirmishing all yesterday in the lower end of Pocahontas. I will go up there.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Tyner's Station, November 7, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: If General Wheeler has not with him a good artillery organization, I hope that the commanding general will order at least three good batteries of long-range pieces to him. I have no doubt but the enemy's artillery with these batteries will be much superior to ours.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY COMMAND, Atlanta, November 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I inclose you a report of the troops and battery which have been ordered to accompany me to West Tennessee.

In my application for a transfer to the Department of Mississippi for the purpose of raising troops in North Mississippi and West Tennessee to operate on the Mississippi River, I asked for Woodward's battalion, McDonald's battalion, and one battery.

I had Major McDonald's battalion-who has since been killed at Farmington-and Colonel J. E. Forrest's regiment assigned me. Colonel Forrest was, so I have just learned, killed last week near Tuscumbia, Ala., and as the regiment lately commanded by Colonel Forrest was composed of Alabama troops, he being killed, it is my impression they will be unwilling to go, and if so I will allow them to remain in General Bragg's department.

Major McDonald's battalion, my escort company, and the battery will comprise my entire command, which is wholly inadequate to the undertaking; yet I will use all the energy I possess to accomplish the object that I have proposed.

Yours, most respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

