
[Inclosure.]

Troops ordered to West Tennessee, commanded by Brigadier General Nathan B. Forrest C. S. Army.

[Compiled from original report.]

 Present	 	 Present

Command.	 effective	 Aggregate.	 and absent,

 total.	 	 aggregate.

Field and staff.

-----------

8	 8

Escort.	 65	 67	 67

McDonald's battalion.	 139	 164	 260

Morton's battery.	 67	 71	 71

Total.	 271	 310	 406

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Courtland, Ala., November 7, 1863.

General N. B. FORREST,Okolona, Miss.:

GENERAL: I was pleased to receive your communication by the hand of Lieutenant Tate, and regretted to hear of your separation from your old command, with which you had rendered so much service to our cause. No longer ago than yesterday I wrote General Bragg stating that if you were unpleasantly situated West Tennessee offered a good field, and that Richardson's brigade in North Mississippi was nearly organized and would be a nucleus for you to build a large command. I am confident that 5,000 men can be raised in West Tennessee. I take this occasion to state, general, that whether you are under my command or not, we shall not disagree, and you shall have all the assistance and support I am render you. I would fell proud either in commanding or co-operating with so gallant an officer as yourself and one who has such an established reputation in the cavalry service to which I have been recently assigned. Colonel Richardson's command from West Tennessee is a fine body of troops. Colonel Greer's regiment is also at Okolona, where I ordered it to organize and be equipped. I inclose a general order on my staff officers to fill your requisitions as far as practicable and afford you every facility in your new assignment.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

I will order Colonel Forrest's regiment to you at once, though it is not in good condition, particularly since the colonel was wounded. The colonel is doing well. He was paroled by the Yankees. I hope he will be fit for duty in six weeks.

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. D. LEE.

