HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 7, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,Jonesborough, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two communications of the 4th instant, containing information of the movements of the enemy, the report of Brigadier-General Ferguson, and reports on the parole of Colonel Forrest by the enemy.

I addressed you a communication on the 4th instant, expressing to you and your gallant command the thanks of the general commanding for the important and efficient services you have rendered in this department, and saying to you that, as you had desired to be relieved, the general commanding left it to your discretion to return to your own department whenever you deemed proper. He instructs me now to add that your recent reports tend to a change of policy on his part, and thinks it best you should not cross the river.

I send you, general, some papers, as requested.

Wishing you success and health, I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 7, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In reply to yours of the 5th instant, in reference to supplying the deficiency of arms in Cheatham's division by surplus arms in the other divisions of this corps, I have to state that there is no surplus for that purpose, but some arms have been received for that division in its absence, which will probably supply the deficiency, after deducting from the number of unarmed men of the division the details that require no arms.

Very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 198. Missionary Ridge, November 7, 1863.

With a view to increase the effective strength of this army, and secure the active and efficient co-operation of officers and men in this work, the general commanding announces the following system of furloughs:

A furlough will be granted from these headquarters at the rate of ten for every increase of 100 men actually present for duty, and thereafter twenty for every additional increase of 100 men actually present for duty. This increase will be calculated on the number present for duty on the day of the publication of this order. In the application for furlough the company officer shall certify:

1. The number of men actually present for duty on the date of the publication of this order.

