
RICHMOND, November 7, 1863.

General JOHNSTON:

Instructions similar to those sent you have been given to the Commissary-General relative to the free market at Mobile.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

MERIDIAN, November 7, 1863.

General BRAGG,

Chickamauga:

I can now send you a small brigade for a battle if you expect one.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS GEORGIA STATE GUARDS, Atlanta, November 7, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I am sure that you do not regret receiving letters from me on the subject of my staff as much as I regret the necessity which compels me to write them. I must, however, once more ask your indulgence. I have so far done all the work of organizing the State Guard force with two staff officers. I need my assistant adjutant-general, Lamar Cobb, and my assistant inspector-general, John C. Rutherford. I think they are entitled to promotion with me, and their services are indispensable.

My troops are scattered over the State and ought to be visited and inspected. My muster-rolls should be gotten up and forwarded, but I have not the officers to do these necessary duties. What is the result? Without the muster-rolls the Government will not commission the regimental quartermasters and surgeons, and the Commissary-General declines to let me have a chief commissary.

Up to the present time I have had over 5,000 men in the field at various points without a commissary or surgeon. I will not trouble you with details, for I am sure your knowledge of such matters and experience will enable you to appreciate the difficulties and embarrassments with which I have had to contend. When I see other commanding officers carrying not only their staff with them, but even their escort, I have felt that I might with propriety renew my application for at least three of my staff-the two already named, and for chief commissary, Major John B. Cobb, all of whom are in Florida, and their places can easily be supplied by officers of General Gardner's own selection. I would also earnestly request that the persons heretofore recommended by me for regimental quartermasters and surgeons be commissioned.

I have endeavored to make these troops as useful as possible, but without the officers asked for it is almost impossible to do anything with them.

I am, general, very respectfully, and truly, yours, &amp;c.,

HOWELL COBB,

Major-General.

P. S.-As an additional consideration in favor of my application, I call your attention to the inclosed copy of an order of General

