
Chattanooga, but neither of them have asserted any right to continue their commands. The case was so plain to my mind that, with the President, I supposed any educated soldier would appreciate it.

As for the labored effort about Colonel Malone, I can only say, I do not know who he is or what he is doing. If he has the authority claimed, and will show it to the proper officials, he will not be molested. If he has not, or refuses to show it, he will certainly be detained. General Buckner himself cannot pass through this department without proper authority.

The general's allusion to newspaper correspondents about my headquarters is gratuitous and unfounded. He knows I allow no such thing, and that I am and have ever been the subject of constant abuse by them, all for this very reason.

As for his claim of "frankness," it comes with had grace from one who was engaged as a prominent party in a mutinous assemblage to secure concert of action by all the disaffected in this army to effect the removal of the commanding general, and who not only did not frankly report under the eighth Act of War, but was himself mentioned prominently in that meeting as the expected successor. And all this when he had been cordially assured by the commanding general that he had recommended him for promotion to command a corps in his army.

I regret exceedingly to forward to the department such a mass of undigested matter, but more important duties claim all my time and attention.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CHATTANOOGA, September 28, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond:

Does administration of the Department of East Tennessee as a department still exist with me, subject to the orders of General Bragg for strategic combinations? I ask this because General Bragg has given about half the command I brought to him to another officer.

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

RICHMOND, VA., October 1, 1863.

Major General S. B. BUCKNER,

Chattanooga:

The administration of Department of East Tennessee does not exist with you so long as you are beyond the limits of that department, and are under the orders of General Bragg for strategic combinations.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

