
CAMERON'S HILL, November 6, 1863-1.25 p.m.

Captain MERRILL:

Rebel camps at foot of Lookout on east side appear to be broken up, as not a dozen tents are to be seen, and very few men.

HOWGATE.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 297. Chattanooga, Tennessee, Nov.6, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

XXIV. Brig. Gen. G. D. Wagner is relieved from duty as commander of the post of Chattanooga and with his brigade will report for duty to Major-General Granger, commanding Fourth Corps. Colonel J. G. Parkhurst, Ninth Michigan Volunteers, will in addition to his present duties assume command of the post of Chattanooga.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. McMICHAEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 6, 1863-11 a.m.

Maj. Gen. A. E. BURNSIDE.

Knoxville, Tennessee:

I have ordered rations to be sent to Big South Fork to you as soon as possible. If the Cumberland does not fall before barges can be got ready and loaded, they will go. I have instructed my assistant adjutant-general at Nashville to telegraph you as soon as he knows the day they will leave there.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 6, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

The enemy are making formidable demonstration in the eastern part of the State. Our force of two cavalry regiments and a battery were attacked and badly defeated, with loss of the battery and probably more than half of the men. I do not know the exact number of the moving force. The bridge over the Hiwasee is said to be rebuilt, and a large force is reported assembling at Loudon and on the south side of the Tennessee River. If Thomas' cavalry could press Bragg's left, and another demonstration could be made in that direction, we might be saved all trouble, but know he will do all in his power.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 6, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Maj. Gen. A. E. BURNSIDE,

Knoxville, Tennessee:

Organize as large a cavalry expedition as you can, to be in readiness to make a raid upon the enemy's railroads south of here or east

