
of Atlanta. I will want it to move so as to co-operate with a movement from here as soon as Sherman arrives. Let me know about the force you will send and the route you propose for them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Maryville, Tennessee, November 6, 1863-1 p.m.

General PARKE:

All quiet in the front. The scouts sent to the front have not reported yet. I do not think the rebels have had at any time more than one regiment on this side. The rebel surgeon says Vaughn has no command here, and that he has not seen him since Colonel Wolford's fight at Philadelphia; says he is an infantry general, and they know nothing about him.

Respectfully,W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, November 6, 1863.

Brigadier-General SANDERS,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Maryville:

Your two dispatches of to-day received. The commanding general directs that you move your camp at an early hour to-morrow morning to this bank of Little River, leaving a pretty strong outpost at Maryville or in that vicinity. Keep the following to yourself: Garrard has been badly whipped at Rogersville. Lost Phillips' battery, and reports Second Tennessee and half his regiment, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, captured. We have ordered Generals Willcox and Shackelford to fall back.

Should the enemy get into Bull Gap first we may have some trouble. Keep a sharp lookout to your front. They may attempt to force you as soon as they hear of their success above.

Very respectfully, yours,

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

P. S.-Rebel Surgeon Long has arrived, and will be detained as a prisoner of war until we hear of Wolford's surgeons. The general wishes you to keep up your scouting as far as the Little Tennessee.

J. G. P.

LENOIR'S, November 6, 1863.

General BURNSIDE:

Captain Otman reports at Law's Ferry that citizens from Blount County say Wolford surprised a party of the enemy on Little Tennessee, killed or drowned 30, captured 40 or 50, and drove the rest across the river. A citizen, who came from Philadelphia and crossed near Loudon yesterday, reports them at Sweet Water and Loudon, not over 1,000 men in all.

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

