
some days since, and the fact reported to your quartermaster. Not finding you at this station, I am directed to send this by some officers of your command leaving here to-day, which I accordingly do. Please excuse the manner in which this is written, as I have no convenience for writing on hand.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. ELLIS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp to General Bragg.
HEADQUARTERS, Sweet Water, November 9, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of the 8th instant is received. General Wheeler tells me that he has but two batteries with his cavalry. I wrote to urge that at least three batteries might be sent with him. I desire to renew that suggestion. The information that I received here is that the enemy's force in front of me is 23,000. Instead of finding my force much above that of the enemy, as I was informed from headquarters of this army, I find my own much the smaller force. In view of this I will renew the suggestions made by me several times before to increase this force sufficiently to allow it to move out and operate rapidly. I should, therefore, have at least an army corps for this purpose. No great result can obtain from the operations of a small force against a large one. We may, and I think can, gain possession of East Tennessee; but there seems to be a fair opportunity to strike a favorable and decisive blow here if the proper force is sent. It is worth the effort, and I trust that the general may give me the means to accomplish it. It is not probable that I shall need this additional division more than ten days, and I am satisfied that it could be used here to better advantage than keeping it idle near Chattanooga. Remaining upon the defensive near Chattanooga and partially fortified, it occurs to me that the force operating actively offensively should be made as strong as possible, particularly when its operations are to relieve the main force. If I can operate rapidly here, I must draw some of the troops from your front and relieve you.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Cleveland, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your note of yesterday is received. Upon my arrival at this place last night the superintendent or agent at the railroad office reported trains at Sweet Water and Charleston detained by troops that were to come down, but were not ready to move, and would not be until after daylight this morning, and that in consequence of this unexpected detention of these trains greater confusion

