
and delay would be occasioned in the movements of the trains to-day. I therefore ordered the trains forward as the agent desired whether the troops were ready to-morrow or not. General Wheeler is here and will move on Athens to-day.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 9, 1863.

Major General S. D. LEE,Courtland:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say in reply to your communication of the 6th instant that General Forrest has already been sent to West Tennessee on his recommendation to the President.

General Forrest takes with him one regiment, a battalion, and a battery.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 93. Cleveland, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel J. Warren Grigsby will report to Brigadier General John H. Kelly for assignment to the command of the Kentucky brigade of his division.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Chesterville, Miss., November 9, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

SIR: Having satisfied myself that it would be impossible to forage my command on or near the line of the Tallahatchie long, unless supplies could be carried to Tupelo, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, at the suggestion and verbal instruction of Brigadier-General Chalmers, I ordered the road to be repaired as a military necessity and means of transportation. I consulted with Major-General Gholson, and he informed me that he had authority under an act of the Legislature labor for that purpose. Uniting in opinion as to the great public want of the work, he detailed and instructed an officer ot impress the day labor, teams, drivers, mechanics, and overseer. I ordered Captain Crider to superintend, as civil engineer, the construction of repairs. He, after making a cursory examination, thought the repairs could be made at a cost of $5,000. I immediately informed Judge Brown, president of the company, of

