
received information that they compose part of Logan's command. During my connection with that command, Captain Scott did not belong to us. He never served in the command, but has an independent company in Louisiana, dodging from one skirt of woods to another. I am positive day after the battle of Jackson Colonel Logan ordered Scott to move with the command and Captain Scott did not obey the order.

I mentioned this command to the general as the only one in my district, and on which I intended to form a nucleus. But since then I find Colonel Logan has interfered and claims him as part of his command. It is not my intention to interfere with Colonel Logan in any manner whatsoever, but if consistent with the interest of the service, I would respectfully ask to have the Ninth Louisiana Battalion attached to my command, as this is my only means of defense till such time as I can arm my command.

I am, colonel, yours, respectfully,

FRANK P. POWERS,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY FOR MISSISSIPPI, Meridian, November 9, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I respectfully refer to the commanding general the inclosed letter from Major R. H. Cuney, commissary of subsistence, relative to contract for a supply of bacon. In a subsequent letter upon this subject Major Cuney states that he has already succeeded in getting hogs from sections exposed to the enemy, but that in driving the same through a portion of the State of Alabama there is great danger of their being stolen by our own people, and that it is important he should be furnished with guards of mounted men to protect the droves for a short distance. Should it meet the views of the commanding general, therefore, I ask that an order may be issued requiring the officers commanding cavalry in North Alabama to furnish the necessary protection for these cattle while in transitu through that section.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. DAMERON.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE CHIEF COM. SUBSISTENCE, SECOND DIST. OF MISS., Columbus, November 6, 1863.

Major W. H. DAMERON,

Chief Commissary of Subsistence, Meridian:

MAJOR: I have succeeded in making a contract with a very reliable and responsible party for the purpose of packing bacon for the army. It is this: He goes into the enemy's lines and in any portions of this State held by enemy, and makes his purchases at his own cost and risk. The hogs are to be driven to this place and reported to me. He is to slaughter them at his own cost and cure into bacon, one-half of which he is to deliver to me at the then schedule price, the balance to be sold by him to the citizens of this community. I am to protect his stock, thus purchased, from seizure by the Government.

He is a man of wealth, and proposes to invest very largely in this

