
business, and is making his arrangements to that end, and has already driven out 250 head, and has sent his agents off with a large amount of funds. This I regard as a good contract, as we run no risk and only pay for the stores when delivered, and he will be certain to carry out the contract, which I have in writing.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. H. CUNEY,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY FOR MISSISSIPPI, Meridian, November 9, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of a communication from Major Moore, chief of subsistence, indicating the views of the commanding general upon the importance of "drawing all the stores possible from the regions of country bordering on the Mississippi Central Railroad," and upon other matters incidental to the collection of supplies for the army.

In communications to the commanding general of this date I have had the honor of showing that efforts were being made to collect the supplies from the section of the State referred to by General Johnston. I had also to state the importance of military protection for agents employed in forwarding stock. The amount of transportation under control of this department is so limited that while corn can be sent to advantage by railroad, in my opinion it would be more economical to the Government and more advantageous every way to use whatever additional wagons can be obtained in forwarding sugar from localities where it is now found to the points of receipt upon the railroad. By increasing the means of transportation the cost of sugar now obtained would be materially diminished. I am also of the opinion that new corn cannot be ground into meal without great loss, and that meal of this kind could scarcely be kept for two weeks without spoiling.

I beg leave to assure the commanding general that I am using every effort in my power to collect and preserve the supplies of the State. I have urged and will continue to urge the importance of this subject upon the attention of all the officers and agents who are reporting to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. DAMERON,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence.
HEADQUARTERS, November 10, 1863.

General J. WHEELER:

DEAR GENERAL: Colonel Lyon, Provisional Army, C. S., a graduate, has reported to me for duty. He applies for cavalry and I send him to you; but not for a command until you try him.

Employ him on staff duty, giving him small commands occasionally to try him until you can discover his caliber and then decide for yourself.

Very truly, yours,BRAXTON BRAGG.

