
were sent through by road, leaving the guns, &amp;c., to be transported by rail. Our wagons were sent through the same way, leaving troops and baggage to come by rail. The supply train has not joined us, and General Stevenson tells me that he was ordered not to have rations on hand here. Instead of being prepared to make a campaign, I find myself not more than half prepared to subsist. This may be all for the better, however, as it gives me time to urge that another division be sent upon this expedition with its artillery. By the time it can arrive I hope that the troops that are to come by rail may also reach here, and that we may have rations, &c., in readiness to move on. There are many reasons for anticipating great results from the expedition against General Burnside's army with a proper force; but with the force that I now have I think it would be unreasonable to expect much. In fact, it will, in all probability, be another fine opportunity lost. His force should not be allowed to escape without an effort to destroy it, and the force now here is not strong enough to make any such effort; that is, with any reasonable hope of success. With the balance of my corps, or any good marching division, I think that we may make a great campaign. Information received yesterday confirms General Stevenson's report that the enemy's force about Knoxville is at least 23,000.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

SWEET WATER, November 11, 1863.

Colonel G. W. BRENT, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The quartermaster and commissary of subsistence for this department, whom the commanding general promised to order here, have not yet reported.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

MISSIONARY RIDGE, November 11, 1863.

General S. COOPER, Richmond:

The last of General Sherman's forces left Florence, moving east, on 6th. He has five divisions, estimated by General Lee at 20,000. General Dodge crossed at Eastport on 7th with one division. Longstreet ought to be over the Tennessee. But I hear nothing from him.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 95. Sweet Water, Tennessee, November 11, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel Thomas Harrison, commanding brigade cavalry, will report to Brigadier-General Armstrong.

N. B.-Colonel Harrison will report to Brigadier-General Armstrong, by letter, who is at this place.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

