
send scouts at once to ascertain the truth of this information. If it is found to be true you will move at once, without waiting for further orders, with your Tennessee troops to La Grange and occupy that place, leaving Colonel Inge with your Mississippi troops to protect your present line.

If you should be able to occupy La Grange, you will report at once the condition of affairs there, and also the prospects for obtaining forage and provisions for the whole command in that district of country.

It is also reported that Sherman's division is returning to Memphis, several large trains loaded with troops having passed up the road in the last few days, and long trains of empty cars having gone down for more troops, as it is supposed. It is possible that these may have been the troops who were withdrawn from the different stations along the road. You will notify the general promptly of any movement you may make.

I am, colonel, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Steegall's, November 12, 1863.

Captain BURWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The enemy have three district camps of infantry at Kingston, numbering in all about a division.

They have one piece of artillery in position on a point commanding the ferry on the Tennessee River. All quiet below this.

By order of G. M. Jessee, major, commanding detachment Hodge's and Scott's brigades:

H. C. WADE,

Adjutant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Numbers 294. Missionary Ridge, November 12, 1863.

* * * * * *

III. The following transfers are announced and will take effect immediately:

1. Maney's brigade from Cheatham's to Walker's division.

2. Bate's brigade from Stewart's to Breckinridge's division.

3. Adams' brigade from Breckinridge's to Stewart's division.

4. Pettus' brigade is re-assigned to Stevenson's division.

5. Brown's brigade from Stewart's to Stevenson's division.

6. Georgia brigade, late Gardner's, from Stevenson's to Stewart's division; Brigadier-General Stovall is assigned to its command.

7. Forty-first and Fiftieth Tennessee Regiments from Gregg's brigade, Walker's division, to Maney's brigade.

8. Seventh Texas Regiment, of Gregg's brigade, Walker's division, to Smith's brigade, of Cleburne's division.

9. Third, Tenth, and Thirtieth Tennessee Regiments, and First Tennessee Battalion, Gregg's brigade, Walker's division, to Bate's brigade, of Breckinridge's division.

