
10. Fifty-eighth Alabama Regiment from Bate's brigade to Clayton's brigade, Stewart's division.

11. Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Arkansas Regiments from Smith's brigade to Liddell's, in Cleburne's division.

12. Fourth Louisiana Battalion from Wilson's brigade, Walker's division, to Adams', of Breckinridge's division.

13. Thirty-second Alabama Regiment, Adams' brigade, Breckinridge's division, to Clayton's brigade, Stewart's division.

14. First Florida Cavalry (dismounted) and First, Third, Fourth, Sixth, and Seventh Florida Infantry will constitute a brigade in Breckinridge's division; the senior colonel will take command until a brigadier is appointed.

15. Fifty-fourth and Sixty-third Virginia and Fifty-eighth and Sixtieth North Carolina Regiments will constitute a brigade in Buckner's division, Brigadier General A. W. Reynolds commanding.

16. Forty-seventh and Sixty-fifth Georgia Regiments from Breckinridge's and Buckner's divisions to Jackson's brigade, Cheatham's division.

17. Nisbet's regiment and Georgia Battalion, now en route, are assigned to Wilson's brigade, of Walker's division.

18. Stevenson' division, of Breckinridge's corps, will take post on left of Chattanooga Creek.

19. Walker's division is assigned to Hardee's corps.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRAGG'S HEADQUARTERS, November 12, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

Your several dispatches of to-day astonish me. All your infantry left on Sunday last, the most of your artillery on Monday night, and the last gun yesterday morning. Transportation in abundance was on the road and subject to your orders. I regret it has not been energetically used. The means being furnished, you were expected to handle your own troops, and I cannot understand your constant applications for me to furnish them.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

SWEET WATER, November 12, 1863.

General BRAGG:

We have been delayed from the first day of our starting. I reported delays to General Leadbetter and to one of your aides before leaving Tyner's Station, and delays have occurred every day since. A considerable number of troops are still behind and a battalion of artillery.

J. LONGSTREET.

HEADQUARTERS, November 12, 1863.

General WHEELER:

GENERAL: It would be well to have the fords about Jackson's examined before you go on to Maryville, so as to know whether you can rejoin us by crossing at one of them should you desire to do so.

