
If you find that you cannot pass Little River, you will have to rejoin us, and you should do so as quick as possible after you ascertain that you cannot pass Little River. If the information that you get on the road leads you to suppose that the force in front of you if too strong for you, you had better return to us at once, without going on to the Little River. If the force in that direction should show any inclination to pursue you, you must picket Little Tennessee strongly after recrossing it

Advise me as rapidly as possible of your progress, &amp;c.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,

Numbers --. Sweet Water, Tennessee, November 12, 1863.

I. The command will march to-morrow morning at daylight.

II. Major-General Wheeler, with his cavalry, will move by the most practicable route to Maryville, and endeavor to capture the enemy's force at that point, and otherwise make a diversion upon the enemy's flank.

III. Major-General McLaws will march by the best route toward Jackson's Ford and take position on this side the Little Tennessee River.

IV. Brigadier-General Jenkins, commanding division, will march directly upon Loudon.

V. Alexander's battalion of artillery will move with General Jenkins' command. If the battalion of Major Leyden does not arrive in time to join General McLaws, two companies of Alexander's battalion will be detached to report to General McLaws.

By command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Sweet Water, November 13, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,Missionary Ridge:

You are very much mistaken in supposing that any authority over transportation has ever been extended to me. I have several times made known to you our delays, and your dispatch just received is the first intimation that I could exercise any authority. I am relieved this morning by the arrival of troops and artillery during the night.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Motley's Ford, November 13, 1863

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Longstreet's Corps:

COLONEL: I have sent men to examine well the following fords of the Little Tennessee River, viz: Davis', Bowman's, Cates', and Car-

