
penter's. I sent you last night information received from a Mr. Salter. I understand my instructions from General Longstreet to be that I am not to cross Little River unless I learn the enemy is retreating.

Is the Jackson's Ford to which General McLaws is going the one 1 1/2 miles below Morganton or the one about 6 miles below Morganton? Last night we sent out scouts to ascertain all about the enemy in the neighborhood of Maryville and Little River, and will probably near from them some time this evening. I learned last night that the home guards at Montvale were scattered over the country, very few being in any one place. I have sent out detachments to collect cattle and drive them to Loudon.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 13, 1863.

Major General J. WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note and information from Mr. Salter received. From the memorandum it seems that nearly all of the Twenty-third Corps is mounted. If the information is correct, you will have no trouble at Maryville in capturing that force, and it seems probable that you will be able to push your success on to Knoxville. You will be governed by circumstances in this, however. Have a courier post where you now are, and advise me where it will be found in case I wish to communicate with you. Ought to have as many as 2 at least with each dispatch.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Numbers 97. Motley's Ford, November 13, 1863.

I. Major Norman C. Jones, chief quartermaster, General Armstrong's division, and Major M. McCarthy, chief quartermaster, General Martin's division, will collect corn and store it at Madisonville or some point eligible to the railroad for use of their respective divisions.

II. Captain T. W. Jones, chief of ordnance, Cavalry Corps, will proceed to Chickamauga, to Atlanta, or any other point it may be necessary, to procure artillery equipments for this corps; also ordnance and ordnance stores.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

