
MERIDIAN, November 13, 1863.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Richmond:

Our cavalry has arrested and sent in the murdered of Major-General Van Dorn, a citizen. What course can be taken? There are no courts for us in Tennessee.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS, Chesterville, Miss., November 13, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

SIR: Inclosed please find a note from Captain Ferguson and Colonel Lowry, with reference to the enemy's movements near Corinth. Evidently it was the design of the enemy a few days ago to evacuate the railroad-the Memphis and Charleston road, I mean. I again renew my request contained in a letter to you a few days ago, to permit me to move on the line of this road and destroy it; at the same time execute my orders with reference to enforcing the conscription laws in West Tennessee and collect my command, the larger part of which is now in West Tennessee. General Gholson, with the State troops, will move with me. His men and my command now on this side the line will make an efficient force of 1,200 men. With this force I can destroy the road and hold West Tennessee until I can get all my command together.

Yours, &amp;c.,R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Northeast Mississippi.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MISSISSIPPI STATE CAVALRY, Camp Clark, November 13, 1863.

Colonel RICHARDSON,Commanding Cavalry, Northeast Mississippi:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed communication from Captain Ferguson in relation to the movements of the enemy east of Corinth, which is in corroboration of intelligence received last night by one of my scouts from the immediate vicinity of Corinth. My scout also adds that whilst at Jacinto day before yesterday he heard heavy cannonading, which was thought to be near the Shiloh battle-ground, and supposed to be an engagement between our forces under General Roddey and the enemy's, who were a part of the forces at Corinth, attempting to cross the river at Savannah. He also adds that it is the general impression that Corinth will soon be evacuated. If not that they build up the northern end of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, which fact I will ascertain in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. LOWRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure.]

Near Burnsville, Miss., November 13, 1863.

Colonel LOWRY:

SIR: I have reliable information of General Sherman's movements on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, in North Mississippi. He

44 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

