
Sharpshooters, 66; Twenty-fourth Battery Ohio Volunteers, 141. Covington, Ky., First Ohio Heavy Artillery, nine companies, 1,277.

District of Illinois, Brigadier-General Ammen commanding: Sixteenth Illinois Cavalry, seven companies, 587; One hundred and thirteenth Illinois Infantry, five companies, 206. Camp Douglas, First Michigan Sharpshooters, 645, and detachment Invalid Corps, 443.

District of Indiana and Michigan, Colonel J. S. Simonson commanding: Two battalions Sixty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 340; Seventh Indiana Cavalry [One hundred and nineteenth Regiment], 1,084.

These statements are taken from tri-monthly for October 20-latest received at this office. The aggregate present is given as the effective strength.

W. P. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, En Route near Elkton, November 6, 1863-9 p.m.

Brig. General GEORGE CROOK,Commanding Cavalry Division, Maysville:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of November 5 is just received, and I thank you for the information conveyed.

I found Elk 200 yards wide, 4 1/2 feet deep, and running very swift. I could have passed horses and men, but artillery and wagons would have bothered me. To wait for a fall would have been precarious and to bridge would have delayed me, so I turned at Rogersville and came through by this route. But yesterday rain caught me down in the rugged valley of Elk, and I had to bridge Richland Creek.

I have two divisions here, and have sent back orders for the other three divisions to come round to Fayetteville by Pulaski. I will be at Fayetteville early the day after to-morrow, and unless I receive orders from General Grant to the contrary, I will move on to Winchester, and replenish my wagons with bread, salt, sugar, and coffee at Decherd. I have sent my aide, Captain Audenried, to Decherd to communicate with General Grant, and think if you have telegraphic communication it would be well to inquire of General Grant if he has heard from Captain Audenried at Decherd; and if not, inform him of my whereabouts, and the line I am moving on.

I can move rapidly to Huntsville from Fayetteville, or if I go on whenever I am wanted. If there be no pressing haste, it would be best for me to assemble my whole army near Winchester.

I heard to-day from General Blair, who is to my rear, and all is going on well. General Dodge was at Eastport, and crossing over last Tuesday and Wednesday. He will also come to Pulaski and Fayetteville. I would much have preferred to come to Athens, Huntsville, &amp;c., but Elk was too serious an obstacle. Even as high up as Elkton where your officer passed it is nearly swimming to a horse. There is no bridge below Fayetteville.

I find plenty of corn, cattle, hogs, &c., on this route, but I don't think there will be much left after my army passes. I never saw such greedy rascals after chickens and fresh meat. I don't think I

