
the proper officer through whom application was to be made, and having been assured, also, that the amount of transportation not now needed for General Johnston's army was sufficient to meet my requisition. I desire also, in the even that these stores should not be secured, to show that there was no lack of effort on my part, and I beg leave, therefore, to repeat my request that seventy-five wagons be ordered to report to Captain J. B. Chrisman, chief district commissary at Brookhaven, to assist in the transportation of sugar and molasses purchased for the Government from Brookhaven to Brandon.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. DAMERON.

[Indorsement.]

MERIDIAN, MISS., November 14, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Harvie, inspector-general.

The transportation referred to has been held subject to the military movements anticipated about Brandon and Canton. I have ordered Captain McKinney to fit up the trains and take charge of them. I would like to be advised if General Johnston approves the disposition of the trains as requested by Major Dameron.

Very respectfully,

ALFRED M. BARBOUR,

Major and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS, Columbus, Miss., November 14, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state for the information of the commanding general of the department that there are so many rumors touching clandestine intercourse on the part of our people wit the enemy through our lines and especially in the direction of Memphis, Tennessee, that I am desirous of explicit instructions on that subject, and particularly on the following stated points:

First. As to the extent of my jurisdiction in preventing persons of every description passing so far northward as to enable them to pass through our lines in a clandestine manner without proper guaranties of loyalty.

Second. As to the exercise of authority in preventing citizens of known and suspected disloyalty leaving our communities when it is well understood that they are preparing to go to the enemy.

Third. What action shall be taken in cases where persons enter the enemy's line for trafficking and other purposes and then return among us?

Fourth. What action shall be taken with these persons who are known to have taken the oath to support the Federal Government, or are suspected of having done so, and then returned among us?

Fifth. In cases where members of the Legislature have taken the oath to support the enemy's cause what action shall be taken, or shall the question be left for the action of that body.

Sixth. It has been stated to me privately that the Rev. Mr. Teasdale went during the early part of last winter to Memphis, preached there, brought articles through our lines, and sold them without the cognizance of the proper authorities. It is also rumored that the

