
same person recently visited department headquarters and obtained a passport for Mr. Rawitch, for which he received a bonus of $1,000 on his return. This clergyman is reported employed as a traveling missionary and agent of the tract society, having access to headquarters of our armies and moving to and from, while circumstances indicate his doubtful loyalty.

I regret to say that he is not the only clergyman to whom my attention has been drawn on similar grounds.

The circumstances attending the present crisis in our great conflict have rendered it necessary, in my opinion, to ask specific instructions, having in view systematic action to correct an evil so demoralizing to our cause.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,Numbers 245. Meridian, Miss., November 14, 1863.

* * * * * *

VI. Under the orders of His Excellency the President, Brigadier General N. B. Forrest is assigned to the command of West Tennessee. He will, on arriving there, immediately proceed to raise and organize as many troops for the Confederate States service as he finds practicable.

Colonel Richardson will report to General Forrest, of whose command he and his troops will form a part.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Numbers 205. Missionary Ridge, November 14, 1863.

1. Hereafter there will be a daily parade inspection under arms of each regiment, battalion, and battery in this army by their respective commanding officers. Each brigade shall be inspected weekly by its commander. Each division will in like manner be inspected semi-monthly.

2. Written inspection reports will be forwarded weekly to the inspector-general of the army through the proper channel. The report of each regiment will show the number of effective men present, non-effective present and cause thereof; names of officers on leave, by whose authority, from and to what time; number of men on furlough, whose authority, from and to what time; number and names of officers and men absent without leave or overstaying their time; the number and condition of arms and accouterments; amount of ammunition to each man and condition of same; amount in reserve; condition of clothes, quality and condition of provisions received (whether full rations or not); quality of forage received; the number of horses, whether public or private, in possession of the regiment; how many stragglers or citizens with command, and whether liable to conscription; condition of camps; whether a proper police is observed; the health of command.

3. Brigade commanders in their weekly inspections will verify the

