
reports of the commanders of regiments, giving their attention particularly to the points specified for guidance of regimental commanders, and see to the prompt correction of all abuses and to supply all deficiencies. They are especially enjoined to see that their commands are always prepared and ready for action in every particular.

4. Artillery battalion commanders will inspect thoroughly the batteries of their commands, and report upon their condition, number of men for duty, &amp;c., amount of ammunition on hand, number and condition of horses.

5. Brigade commanders will see that the necessary roads are made and kept in good repair within the limits of his brigade and leading to and from it.

6. Division commanders will verify the reports of the brigade commanders and give their personal attention to the points specified above for guidance of regimental and brigade commanders. They will inspect carefully, monthly, the papers of the quartermasters and commissaries of the divisions, brigades, and regiments, and report accurately any irregularity existing, and report upon the manner in which each officer of these departments discharges his duties. Each division commander will have the pickets in his front inspected by a staff officer every night, and will report in writing anything unusual or important, and will promptly correct all errors and neglects.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,

Numbers 4. Near Kirkpatrick's, November 14, 1863.

Pursuant to instructions from headquarters of the army, Lieutenant-General Hardee assumes command of all the troops west of Chattanooga Creek.

Major-General Stevenson is assigned to the command of the troops and defenses on the top of Lookout Mountain.

The ranking officer of Cheatham's division will assume command of the troops and defenses at and near the Craven house.

The ranking officer of Walker's division will have charge of the line from the base of Lookout Mountain east to Chattanooga Creek, and all the troops not at the points above named.

Official papers will continue to be forwarded according to organization.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, Near Kirkpatrick's House (Major-General McLaws' Numbers 14. old Camp), November 14, 1863.

I. The cavalry on the left will report to Major-General Stevenson and will communicate with him direct.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

