HEADQUARTERS, November 14, 1863-6 a. m.

Major General J. WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch for Colonel Sorrel is received. I desire you to cross Little River in pursuit if you have a decided success at Maryville, or if you see the probabilities of one by crossing. If the enemy is retreating, pursue, of course, with the greatest vigor. If it is evident to your mind that you can assist us as much where you are as you could here, pursue or push them. Unless you can produce some consternation amongst them, however, it would be better to be with us.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, November 14, 1863-5 p. m.

Major General J. WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your two notes to Colonel Sorrel are received. I have been hoping to hear the result of your movements up to this morning this afternoon. We succeeded in effecting a crossing last night without resistance. We have been delayed to-day on account of the difficulty of getting our bridges properly and promptly arranged, but hope to march early to-morrow. Unless you are doing better service by moving along on the enemy's flank than you could do here, I would rather you should join us and co-operate. I presume that you could unite with us by crossing the Holston. We know nothing of the enemy, as we have not been able to advance far enough to-day to see anything of him. Citizens report him concentrating at Big Creek Gap. If you find any general movement from Knoxville, your must pursue it with all of the vigor possible and endeavor to annoy him as much as you can. Please keep me advised of his movements, as I have but few mounted men with me. Colonel Rucker goes with me with a small force.

I hope to be able to march some 14 r 15 miles to-morrow.

Most respectfully,J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, November 15, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed to notify you that there is only a picket of 50 men in front of you on the Campbell's Station road.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

