HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE, Mission Ridge, November 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: By a rigid inspection a great reduction has been made in the number of horses to be foraged in this army. The inspection and close inquiry have convinced me, and I am fully sustained by other general officers, that forage is allowed to many more animals than are necessary to junior staff officers.

Medical officers, quartermasters, and commissaries, except those engaged purchasing, adjutants, aides-de-camp, assistant adjutants-general, ordnance officers, signal officers, field officers of regiments, except the commander, and subalterns of artillery, can all do just as well with forage for 1 horse each. Many of these have but I horse, but taken another of some friend to forage, and thus impose that burden on the army. When supplies are so costly and so difficult to obtain, I beg the attention of the department to the policy, if not necessity, of limiting the officers above indicated.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE, Mission Ridge, November 15, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: For three weeks I have been striving to bring forward from Atlanta two battalions of troops intended for this army.

My orders have been repeated over and over, without result, whilst passenger trains loaded with citizens have left that city twice every day. The transportation quartermaster there is stationed by the War Department, and not under my control.

During this same time the enemy has crossed the Tennessee River in North Mississippi, and marched to this point, more than 200 miles, over a rugged country, with 25,000 men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 21, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 23, 1863.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Can you account for this alleged delay? Had you not better give some express directions to have the battalions forwarded?

J. A. S.,

Secretary of War.

