
[Third indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, November 26, 1863.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

At the time of the delay complained of by General Bragg, there was an unusual pressure upon the railroad, owing chiefly to the fact that the larger portion of its rolling-stock had been removed by General Bragg to another road for the purpose of transporting General Longstreet's command. By the dispatch from the transportation quartermaster at Atlanta inclosed herein, it will be seen that the troops had been sent up the road two days previous to the date of General B.'s letter, though, of course, that fact must have been unknown to him.

A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

ATLANTA, November 24, 1863.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON:

All the troops here were sent forward on the 12th, 13th, 14th, and 15th instant, by passenger trains, except one regiment in box-cars of Western of Atlantic Railroad. With assistance from other roads, now sending forward Quarles' brigade from Mississippi.

Don't think there will be any delay.

JNumbers FRIZZEL,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, November 15, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON,Commanding Mountain:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say, in answer to your note of last night, that it will be impossible to furnish you with three brigades for the mountain as you desire. The length of the line to be defended below is such that an extra brigade in addition to the two you have cannot be spared. The general hopes you will be able to hold your line with the force you have, and when it becomes necessary, you can be re-enforced before endangered.

He wishes you to thoroughly block up all the roads leading up the mountain, and this will enable you to get timely notice of any advance of the enemy. In regard to the matter of the cavalry, he says he has no control of it, but will refer the matter to General Bragg, but the difficulty of foraging on the mountain is so great that it is almost impossible to maintain any considerable cavalry force up there.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

