
will draw anything for them but salt. I don't know but it would be a good plan to march my army back and forth from Florence and Stevenson to make a belt of devastation between the enemy and our country. In the way of horses, I judge you have left little for us. Please inquire of General Grant if he has heard from my aide; if not, tell him I am moving steadily and as rapidly as possible to Fayetteville and Winchester; that I want 200,000 rations of bread, salt, sugar, and coffee at Decherd, and that with this I can move ten more days in any direction.

I only have 200 cavalry [Third Regulars] with me. Blair has the Fifth Ohio-about 400-and Dodge has two regiments of mounted infantry-about 700. My infantry is Fifteenth Army Corps, 16,000; Dodge's division, about 8,000. I consider it a splendid force, and in good fighting trim. Too many wagons, but that will be no objection inland.

Truly, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LA GRANGE, November 6, 1863.

Major-General HURLBUT, Memphis:

The enemy broke camp 3 miles south of Quinn's Mill at 1 o'clock on the morning of the 4th, and crossed the Tallahatchie the same day. I crossed their trail at Chulahoma and points west, where, finding they had passed, and that none of our troops were as far south, I returned, camping 4 miles south of Holly Springs last night. A citizen living south of Pocahontas arrived here yesterday, and states that the only force in that vicinity was Sol. Street with about 200.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 6, 1863.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,La Grange, Tennessee:

You will move at daylight to-morrow morning with every available man, infantry, cavalry, and artillery if there be any at La Grange, to Corinth, reporting there to Brigadier-General Stevenson; reach Corinth by night-fall. If the burned bridges are not repaired so as to run trains over, you will cross the streams on common bridge and get a train from Corinth.

A regiment of cavalry will be sent up toward La Grange from Collierville to cover the movement of stores and sick to this place. Corinth is threatened and must be held. Take McCrillis with you. Telegraph to General Stevenson at Corinth. Send all sick and disabled by train to Memphis.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

