
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 208. Missionary Ridge, November 16, 1863.

That the enemy does not intend to carry out in good faith the cartel agreed on between his Government and the Confederate States for the exchange of prisoners of war has long been demonstrated by his acts and is now officially recognized.

Such a cruel proceeding so opposed to the laws of humanity and an enlightened civilization is a virtual acknowledgment by the enemy of his inferiority, and it shows a craft and cunning worthy of the Yankee in imposing upon us the maintenance of thousands of his prisoners, that they may consume the subsistence which should go to the support of our gallant men and their families.

This should be known to our officers and men. They should know that if taken prisoners those who survive their cruel treatment will be forced to languish in Northern dungeons until the close of the war, subjected to the taunts and barbarity of a merciless foe. If their liberty and their lives must be lost, the alternate of honorable death on the field of battle, nobly fighting for the cause of freedom, will be accepted by brave and patriotic Southern soldiers.

The general deems it his duty to announce these facts to the troops of his command. The designs of the enemy are transparent, and our officers and soldiers are forced to accept the policy imposed by him.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 16, 1863.

Lieutenant Gen. D. H. HILL:

GENERAL: Having applied for a position equivalent to your rank, on being relieved from duty with the army under General Bragg, I regret to inform you that there is no command to which you could at this time be assigned without displacing other officers already in command.

Until a suitable opportunity is offered for placing you on duty according to your rank, you will consider yourself authorized to dispose of your time in such manner as may best suit your convenience, reporting your address monthly to this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, Chattanooga Valley, November 16, 1863-10 p.m.

Major-General STEVENSON,Commanding on Lookout Mountain:

GENERAL: In obedience to an order from General Bragg, a copy of which is inclosed herewith, Lieutenant-General Hardee directs that you will send 2,000 men from the force on the mountain under your command, under the senior officer present and provided with three days' rations, to report to Brigadier-General Liddell.

