
We arrived near Lenoir's Station late yesterday afternoon and found the enemy there. While operating to intercept their farther retreat, if fell dark and suspended further operations for the night.

The enemy took the right-hand road from Huff's Ferry; we the other, or road to Campbell's Station, and struck them at Lenoir's. They left last night, and are now retreating precipitately with the head of our column just on their rear. They must soon be brought up. In the flight of the enemy some prisoners, 100 wagons [some in a damaged condition], and many medical stores have fallen into our hands.

In reference to your own movements the lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that if you think your operations can be prosecuted with success and advantage on your present line, you had best continue on it, doing all the damage you can to the enemy and operating effectually on his flank. If, however, you, with your means of information, deem that you could accomplish more with us, you had better move across and join us. Your action should be decided by the information you receive and the prospect of accomplishing most. I hope to hear soon from you. We shall probably be beyond Concord to-night.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, November 17, 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Missionary Ridge:

The President has this day appointed the following officers brigadier-generals for cavalry service in your command, viz:

Cols. J. T. Morgan and J. H. Kelly, and Maj. W. Y. C. Humes. Colonel Collins cannot be spared from General Lee's army. It is the rule to appoint brigadiers from the States forming the brigades, those of cavalry in your army from Texas, Tennessee, Georgia, and Kentucky are not represented by brigadiers from those States.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Ten Miles of Knoxville, November 17, 1863.

General B. BRAGG:

The engines were detained by Captain Presstman, and I believe necessarily so. The engineer was arrested for refusing to haul our rations when we were in almost a starving condition. I think that Captain Presstman has sent the engines back, and the engineer, I believe, is also gone. The enemy seems to have gone into Knoxville. We have not been able to bring him to battle yet. We had a severe skirmish and artillery duel yesterday.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.

