HEADQUARTERS, Campbell's Station, November 17, 1863-2 a.m.

Maj. Gen. JOSEPH WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your dispatch of 1 p.m. yesterday. The lieutenant-general desires that you will send him a division of cavalry to join our force, with the view of operating directly on the enemy. Please cross it in the most expeditious manner at the most favorable point on the river. He would like you to retain the remainder of your force on your present line, threatening Knoxville as far as is in your power.

The commanding general desires also that you will have all the beef-cattle that may be found collected for us, and as much flour collected as you may spare from your own command.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: The general directs me to say, in addition to what I have already written, that if you can get across the Holston River, he would like you to cross your whole command and operate with us.

I am, general, very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ORDNANCE OFFICE, C. S. A., Richmond, November 17, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I send this by Senator Mitchell to advise you of my anxiety to supply arms to the Trans-Mississippi Department.

About 20,000 stand are now on the way, and with those available at Demopolis will make up all that can probably be crossed. I have ordered most of these arms to Montgomery to await your judgment in the premises. As soon as you will indicate the number that can probably be crossed, I will order them on to Demopolis or Meridian.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. GORGAS,

Colonel, Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Okolona, November 17, 1863.

Brig. Gen. J. R. CHALMERS,

Comdg. Cavalry in North Mississippi, Oxford, Miss.:

GENERAL: I desire you to place your command in trim for an expedition to the railroad to take place about eight days from this time. My troops just arrived from North Alabama will remain here for the present. General Forrest is here; Richardson is ordered to report to him. He will accompany us. Willis' battalion starts to join

