
you this morning. I want you to collect a number of claw-bars for taking out spikes on the railroad and have ample ammunition for your command. If possible, have a quantity of forage collected. I am going to remove my headquarters to Grenada, and hope to meet you in four or five days.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Okolona, Miss., November 17, 1863.

Brig. Gen. P. D. RODDEY,Comdg. Cavalry, First Brigade, North Alabama:

GENERAL: I arrived here day before yesterday and met Generals Johnston and Forrest.

In about eight days, as soon as my horses are rested and shod, I will move on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and will be pleased to have you co-operate in the direction of Corinth, if the interests of the service will admit of it your vicinity.

Please notify me if you can assist. I will post you further in a few days.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN NORTH MISSISSIPPI, Oxford, Miss., November 17, 1863.

Maj. G. W. HOLT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: My morning report will show that Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Duff has reported to me with his battalion. Having learned from him that Major-General Lee thought I had exceeded my authority in assuming command of Duff's battalion in the first instance, I deem it necessary to explain why I did so, and in this connection I shall state, for the information of General Lee and of General Johnston, what I understood to be the object of my being sent to North Mississippi by General Pemberton. There was quite a number of independent companies and battalions and a large number of men subject to military duty here who could not be reached by conscription, and I was sent here to organize the independent companies into battalions and regiments, and to raise as many more as I could, and I was informed by General Pemberton's inspector-general, who lived in this region, that I could raise a division here. A number of officers were authorized, some by the Secretary of War, some by Governor Pettus, and some by myself, to raise companies and battalions, and among others Major Duff was authorized by the Secretary of War to raise a battalion. He reported at my headquarters with his authority before the assignment of General Lee to the command of the cavalry and notified me of his desire and intention to bring his battalion into my command, should he succeed in raising one. When he raised his battalion he did report to me and I assigned him to duty, and forwarded a copy of my order to you and did not imagine that in so doing I was exceeding my authority, and was therefore much surprised to learn that General Lee so considered it, as he had

45 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

