HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DETACHMENT, Camp near Trenton, November 18, 1863.

Maj. JOHN J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I send the detachment to Johnson's Crook. Everything thus far has been quiet about here, though from the intelligence I have received from the front I have been expecting a demonstration. It takes about all the men, I have to fill the post I have to keep up, and so that to make a fight, if attacked, I will have to rely wholly upon concentrating the picket, which is not safe, for if a dash was made with cavalry upon any of the roads they could cut [me] off; but I am short of officers to take charge of the different pickets and have no men for scouting. A battalion or regiment, with its full number of officers, would not be too many to do the duty of this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. McCONNELL,

Major, Commanding Detachment.

NEAR TRENTON, [November 18, 1863]-a.m. [Received 5 p.m.]

General BRAGG:

A force of infantry, artillery, and cavalry came down White Oak Gap and drove our cavalry to the foot of mountain. They camped last night 2 1/2 miles down from Trenton on the mountain. Scout Ballard reports a corps of the enemy having moved from Bridgeport via Shellmound; they crossed the river on Thursday and Friday with sixty wagons.

General Brown's command is still on the mountain at Nickajack Gap. Do you wish me to attack at Trenton?

LIDDELL,

General.

NOVEMBER 18, 1863-5 p.m.

General LIDDELL:

The general does not wish an attack made; he sent orders to General Brown to retire.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 212. Missionary Ridge, November 18, 1863.

The general commanding has regretted to discover that officers and men of this army, under color of the law of impressments, have been engaged in seizing upon the property of citizens in an irregular and illegal manner.

Defenseless women, peaceable and loyal citizens, and the families of soldiers who are fighting with their colors, have been deprived of their subsistence. Such outrages are unworthy of the Confederate

