
soldier, alienate the affection and confidence of the people, and embarrass the provisioning of the army. Such proceedings are no less than marauding and robbery, and, unless promptly checked, will create just discontent and destroy the morale of the army.

All officers are enjoined to take necessary precautions to suppress such lawless and wanton acts of plunder. They will institute a rigid scrutiny into all cases brought to their knowledge and arrest the offenders.

The greatest care must be taken to comply with the law, and officers on duty will be held to the strictest accountability for non-compliance with the same. All impressments by agents are positively prohibited. They must be made in all by a duty authorized commissioned officer.

Citizens, in all cases of illegal seizure of their property, are invited to make known their grievances. They should be careful to secure evidence and be able to identify the offenders, that punishment may be inflicted and reparation made.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TENNESSEE,No. 56. Missionary Ridge, November 18, 1863.

I. Brig. Gen. R. B. Vance is relieved from the command of the Western District of North Carolina, and will report in person to these headquarters.

II. Colonel J. B. Palmer, Fifty-eighth North Carolina Regiment, is relieved from duty with his regiment, and is assigned to the command of the District of Western North Carolina. His headquarters will be at Asheville.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Bragg:

[KINLOCH FALCONER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., November 18, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

SIR: I have this day received a letter inclosing copies of a notice posted in Woodville in the early part of October last, and which are sent to me as evidences of the impropriety of the course pursued by officers serving in that part of the country:

LIBERTY, September 27, 1863.

Notice.-All persons having claims against any of Colonel Logan's command, made since the 28th day of March, 1863, are hereby requested to present the same to C. Scherling for examination, who will pay the same, if found correct, at a small discount.

SEPTEMBER 27, 1863.

Notice.-All persons having claims against any of Colonel Logan's command, made since 28th day of March, 1863, are hereby requested to present the same to the undersigned for examination, who will pay the same, if found correct, at a small discount.

C. SCHERLING.

