
course of organization in this and other sections of the State. If organized and accepted, they might perhaps be properly assigned to this species of duty.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WALTHALL,

Major, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,

No. 15. Canton, November 18, 1863.

I. Grenada, Miss., is hereby announced as the headquarters of the Cavalry in Mississippi until further orders, and all papers and communications will be sent to that point.

By command of Maj. Gen. S. D. Lee:

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., November 19, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: The difficulty of procuring adequate supplies for the army seems to be daily increasing, and it becomes important that all the agencies we can command should be employed. The Commissary-General is making earnest efforts to obtain from the Trans-Mississippi Department beeves, which at the present low stage of water may at different points be passed across the river by swimming. Of course there is risk attending this, and it is very important, as far as possible, that escorts and protection should be afforded to such droves as may be successfully passed over. I would be pleased, if the opportunity offers, that you should establish an understanding with General E. K. Smith, who has been likewise requested to give all possible aid to such passage, to apprise you of the times and places selected for crossing; and I would request that you give instructions to your officers operating in Mississippi to give such protection and assistance as they can.

It is also represented to me that considerable supplies of hogs and cattle may be found in the border counties of Mississippi, or in the districts of that State exposed to the inroads of the enemy, where the inhabitants are somewhat reluctant to take Confederate money, as they are forced to trade for supplies principally with the Federals, and in part afraid to furnish the Confederate money, as they are forced to trade for supplies principally with the Federals, and in part afraid to furnish the Confederate authorities voluntarily lest vengeance be taken on them by the enemy. Under these circumstances the commissary officers will have no alternative but to impress, and will probably require some military assistance to enable them to obtain the supplies. You will, therefore, please instruct your officers on this point; also, to render all the assistance they can to the commissaries and their agents in those parts of Mississippi.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War

