SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE,No. 301. Missionary Ridge, November 19, 1863.

I. Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Walter, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to the special duty of gathering the absentees from this army. He will visit the quartermasters, commissaries, commandants of post, provost-marshals, and hospitals in the rear. Within this department he will send to the army all officers and soldiers thereof improperly or unnecessarily detailed and improperly in arrest or custody, and will substitute any disabled officer or soldier for a healthy detail where the former can discharge the duties required.

In any other department he will [with the approval of the officer commanding the same] send to their commands all officers and soldiers detailed from this army and all improperly in arrest or confinement.

He will arrest and send to the army all officers and soldiers thereof found absent without authority from the commanding general. He will report weekly to these headquarters, and through them to regimental officers, the name of each officer and soldier sent to the army and the name of any one substituted for a detail and the length of time and the place for which the substitute is detailed.

Commanding officers of regiments will send to Lieutenant-Colonel Walter, through this office, a list of all absentees this side the Mississippi, stating their present locations as far as known.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S CORPS, Missionary Ridge, November 19, 1863.

GENERAL: We may be required to move at an early day, and may desire at the same time to hold our present front. If the order should be to hold our present advanced line and leave a regiment from each brigade and a battery from each battalion to hold our main line of works, please think of it now that the movement may be executed promptly.

I am, general. respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BRECKINRIDGE'S CORPS,No. 23. Missionary Ridge, November 19, 1863.

II. As ample supplies are reported at Chickamauga, more wagons will be sent to the rear for forage.

III. All guns from which the charge cannot be drawn will be fired off by detachments to-morrow, Friday, 20th, between 10 and 12 o'clock a.m. under the supervision of the division officers of the day at least half a mile in rear of the line.

