
IV. Division commanders will require their men to be kept near the camps, and adopt means to stop all straggling toward the rear.

*			*			*			*			*

VI. Brig. Gen. W. B. Bate, being the ranking officer of Breckin ridge's division, will assume command of it at once.

By command of Major-General Breckinridge:

JAMES WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Powell's Gap, November 19, 1863.

General JOHN C. BROWN:

GENERAL: Two regiments of the enemy with two pieces of artillery at the foot of Nickajack Pass. I have 75 men now there, and have just sent 50 more to re-enforce. Major McConnell thinks they will make an assault by or before daylight. I have doubled all my pickets and ordered the commanders to have their detachments formed under arms two hours before day.

I am, general, yours to command,W. R. BUTLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Outpost.
HEADQUARTERS, Powell's Gap, November 19, 1863-4 p.m.

[General JOHN C. BROWN:]

GENERAL: I proceeded with a squad of 30 men across Lookout Valley this morning, under a heavy fog and smoke, and reached the Trenton road and Will's Valley railroad 1 1/2 miles above the Yankee pickets. I picketed the dirt road two hours and a half or three hours. A battalion of cavalry passed in the direction of Trenton about 10 o'clock. Captured a Yankee officer's horse, servant, and rigging. If you'll allow me to take a regiment, I think we can ambush and capture a foraging party any day [at a risk, however]. All quiet.

Yours to command,

W. R. BUTLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Outpost.

Scouts W. C. Glover and McBraye, sent out by order of General Liddell, report having been near Running Water bridge; no work going on toward putting up bridges there; they are working on piers. Saw at Whiteside's Depot about 350 tents; heard drums beat in direction of Etna coal mines. One regiment on Cooper's Point on picket duty; about 100 wagons passing, going toward Chattanooga; Missouri cavalry came while there; roads bad. Whiteside's road in good order; left there at 9 o'clock a.m. yesterday. Passed camps in Trenton 4 p.m. Think force two regiments infantry, 200 cavalry; artillery and wagons not known.

