HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DETACHMENT, Camp on Lookout Mountain, November 19, 1863.

JOHN J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The enemy moved two regiments out to the base of Nickajack trace, formed line, and sent a party on the mountains to look for passes, which infantry can pass no doubt. I have notified the infantry picket at that point. I have a party now examining the mountain for such passes; intend to picket as long as I have a man, and prevent their getting up if possible, but I have but little hope, for I fear they will crawl up during the darkness of the night. I have nothing for my horses since yesterday; they will soon become unserviceable. I have found several passes in the direction of Johnson's Crook, which I am guarding with but too small force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. McCONNELL.
HEADQUARTERS, November 19, 1863.

General BRAGG:

I have a captured pontoon bridge. I left a strong guard and a battery to guard the bridge, which is better defended where it is.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 19, 1863.

Major-General McLAWS:

GENERAL: Please impress your officers and men with the importance of making a rush when they once start to take such a position as that occupied by the enemy yesterday.

If the troops, once started, rush forward till the point is carried, the loss will be trifling; whereas if they hesitate, the enemy gets courage; or, being behind a comparatively sheltered position, will fight the harder. Besides, if the assaulting party once loses courage and falters, he will not find courage probably to make a renewed effort.

The men should be cautioned before they start at such works and told what they are to do, and the importance and great safety of doing it with a rush.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 19, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I have just heard that the Yankees were moving their negroes and wagons to the other side of the river. Have a scout to ascertain where they put them, and see if you can't cross above

