
Fourth], now at Natchez, up here, and then I will be in a position to make some threatening demonstrations.

I see in a Selma paper of the 1st instant that Forrest has been assigned by Davis to a command to operate in West Tennessee, and that a part of his old force goes with him. This may be a mere newspaper rumor, but I give it to you for what it is worth.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., November 6, 1863.

Brig. Gen. M. M. CROCKER,Commanding U. S. Forces, Natchez, Miss.:

GENERAL: You will hold two brigades of your command in readiness to move up here as soon as boats can be provided. One brigade and the colored troops will constitute the garrison of Natchez for the present.

The rebels are crowding General Hurlbut's force sharply on the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and I have to make a diversion in his favor. The withdrawal of Tuttle's division, which embarks to-morrow en route to join Sherman, leaves me comparatively weak handed. You will come up with the two brigades, as I shall probably station them at Haynes' Bluff.

I have sent one brigade of Logan's division to Big Black bridge to relieve Mower's.

Truly, yours,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., November 6, 1863.

Brig. Gen. M. D. LEGGETT,Commanding First Brigade, Third Division:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Tuttle's division being under orders to move, you will immediately get your brigade in readiness to proceed to the Big Black bridge and relieve Brigadier-General Mower. Cars will be at the railroad machine-shops to-morrow at 5.30 a.m. to take the infantry, one battery of artillery, and the camp and garrison equipage. The negroes and teams of the brigade will go out by the wagon road, as soon as General Mower's command is out of the way, escorted by the Twenty-ninth and One hundred and thirty-first Illinois Regiments. The chief of artillery of the division can designate the battery to accompany you.

On your arrival at the bridge you will locate your camp with reference to the best position for defense, on the ground occupied by Mower's brigade. The First Kansas Mounted Infantry, stationed at Bovina, will be under your orders, and will report to you in everything except their ordinary returns, which will be sent to their brigade headquarters; they are used principally for scouting on your right flank. Colonel Winslow, in command of cavalry brigade on Bridgeport road, near Clear Creek, will patrol and scout the country on your left flank, and act in conjunction with you; you

