
to-morrow night and capture them. If you go you can take all of your command, except your pickets that are picketing on the roads, and say 300 men on our left flank. It would be well to make arrangements, and if the scouts represent the thing as practicable, you will be ready. The scouts nor any one else should know what your idea is, however, as the success of the affair will depend entirely upon its being a surprise. You must make the trip and back in a night if it is possible.

With respect,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 19, 1863-4 p.m.

Maj. Gen. J. WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of your note of this evening. In reply I am directed to state that you may withdraw your line of skirmishers at dark and allow your command to forage as usual, keeping out ordinary pickets on the line of your skirmishers. I will notify General Jenkins on our right of the intended withdrawal of your skirmishers.

Our headquarters to-night will be at Major Reynols'.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 19, 1863-3.30 p.m.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general is extremely anxious to know if a regiment of cavalry has been sent to Kingston, and wishes you, if you cannot ascertain at once, to send two there as soon as you can. Please order the commanding officer to keep us advised promptly of all movements of troops in that vicinity and of all other matters of note.

Very respectfully,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,No. 98. Near Knoxville, November 19, 1863.

I. Colonel H. B. Lyon, C. S. Army, will proceed to Kingston, Tennessee, and take command of the cavalry at that point, reporting at least four times a day to General Longstreet.

II. Should the enemy attempt to make a crossing at that point he will resist them stubbornly, and keep General Longstreet well advised of their movements.

