
RICHMOND, November 21, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

General Bragg informs me that you regard yourself restricted by my orders to send two brigades to his assistance. The direction to detach a portion of General Hardee's corps was given on the then condition of affairs and in conformity to your own views. I did not intend to prejudge a future case, and if the change of circumstances justify you in detaching more troops, you will exercise your discretion and afford all the assistance you consistently can give in view of the necessities of which General Bragg has advised you. Whatever can be done should be rapidly executed.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Mobile, Ala., November 21, 1863.

Colonel BENJAMIN S. EWELL,Asst. Adj. Gen., Hdqrs. Western Department, Meridian:

COLONEL: I have ordered Quarles' brigade to go to General Bragg. I may send him the Seventeenth and Twenty-ninth Alabama, fine, large regiments, so soon as I can replace them by heavy artillerists, for which I have already written to General Bragg and to you.

On yesterday I asked General Bragg to send me a Tennessee battalion [Colonel Jackson's] in exchange for a fine infantry battalion, now the garrison of Fort Gaines.

As soon as the First Alabama Regiment arrives here, or the battalion above mentioned, I will send a regiment to General Bragg.

I applied to you yesterday for the First Alabama. It will not do for me to remove the necessary garrisons of my forts and heavy batteries until they can be replaced.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

ENTERPRISE, November 21, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON, Meridian:

Orders for Baldwin's brigade for Atlanta received. He has five regiments, with aggregate present 2,279. One of these regiments Colonel Barry is organizing at Columbus. It has 215 aggregate present. Shall it be included?

L. POLK.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Okolona, November 21, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I find that the expedition directed by General Johnston will not be able to get off as soon as was anticipated on his leaving Okolona. The Memphis and Charleston Railroad has been strongly reoccupied by the enemy by a part of Steele's division and other troops, so that the object of a quick move is removed, and I think it best to wait till the battalion of Colonel Ross' regiment arrives, and General Forrest's command is better prepared, as he will require my assistance

