
But I have issued 517 short Enfield and Austrian rifles in all to my Tennessee troops, and accouterments. This is an approximate report. Captain C. C. Clay, my ordnance officer, has a pretty good supply of ordnance stores on hand at Egypt. I have ordered him to bring them to Okolona. I have ordered him to report to you the quantity of arms, &amp;c., issued by him and in store.

Yours, &c.,

R. V. RICHARDSON,

Colonel, Commanding Northeast Mississippi.

NOVEMBER 19, 1863.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,No.-. Okolona, November 21, 1863.

I. Brigadier-General Ferguson, having returned to Mississippi, Brigadier-General Chalmers is relieved from the command of the troops in North Mississippi, and will retain command of only such troops as were under his orders previous to his being put in command of the troops in North Mississippi.

II. Brigadier-General Ferguson is assigned to the command of all troops in Northeast Mississippi excepting the troops under Brigadier-General Forrest. He will also exercise control over such military posts as are within the limits of his command, giving such orders to staff officers as he may deem proper.

III. Colonel R. V. Richardson is relieved from the command of the troops in Northeast Mississippi, and will report to General Forrest with his command from West Tennessee.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 21, 1863.

General B. BRAGG:

I am close in under the enemy's works, but cannot bring him to battle as he has the other side of the river for foraging. I think that my force is hardly strong enough to warrant my taking his works by assault.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 29 [21?], 1863.

General B. BRAGG,

Missionary Ridge:

Can't you spare me another division? It will shorten the work here very much.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

MISSIONARY RIDGE, November-, 1863. [Received 21st.]

[General LONGSTREET:]

We have rumors of some movement on your left and rear. Scout in that direction and keep me advised, that I may counteract them.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

