HEADQUARTERS, November 21, 1863-3 p.m.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note of 1.30 p.m. is just received. I am in want of axes at this part of the line and cannot therefore send any. I wrote you a few moments ago directing another expedition, provided your information of the enemy's movements and condition were such as to warrant your move. As my former suggestions give no positive promise of definite results, I think it better that the expedition against Kingston should take precedence. It will be well, however, to have both go on if you can make the effort to destroy the bridge at the same time that your other move is going on. If you go to Kingston, let the first brigade that passes Clinton go on in the direction of Jacksborough and give out the impression that I am moving in that direction. Let it go, say, 10 miles in that direction and camp, as it were, for the night. It can countermarch after night.

Let the second brigade pass directly down toward Kingston and march so as to get behind Kingston at night without giving any alarm. Let the other brigade follow or not as you think best, and the force that advances directly against the enemy at Kingston make the attack after daylight the morning after your other force gets behind Kingston. After the enemy's force at Kingston is captured, let a brigade pass a little way down the river and give out the impression that I am moving down the Tennessee River. The balance can start back at once and the brigade that makes the diversion down the river can follow after. All this depends upon great execution. Let me know if you can act upon it at once.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Knoxville, November 21, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor to request that Maj. Gen. R. Ransom may be assigned to the command of Hood's division. This is a fine and strong division, but its efficiency is impaired for want of a major-general to command it.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,No. 100. Near Knoxville, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

I. Maj. Gen. Will. T. Martin and Brig. Gen. F. C. Armstrong will each detail a regiment from their divisions for special service.

II. These regiments will take all the axes of both commands. Colonel Rogers, of General Wheeler's staff, will accompany these regiments to the point where they are to commence the work.

