
III. Maj. Gen. Will. T. Martin and Brig. Gen. F. C. Armstrong will have their divisions ready for the march to-morrow morning.

IV. They will endeavor to have two days' cooked rations prepared, or as much of it as possible.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 22, 1863.

General B. BRAGG, Missionary Ridge:

My pickets are near Kingston and down the river on the south side. I cannot scout on the north side of the river, as it is strongly picketed by the enemy. There can be no force to move against my rear, unless it comes from your front, and it cannot come from there without your being advised in time to send more troops to me.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this morning and your letter of 18th induce me to send General Leadbetter to confer with you, and to express my views more in full than can well be done by telegram or letter. Nearly 11,000 re-enforcements are now moving to your assistance; but if practicable to end your work with Burnside promptly and effectively, it should be done now. I fear he has already grown much stronger than when you drove him to cover. General Jones is supposed to be pressing down to your assistance.

As the enemy may attempt to drive you from your position by sending troops up the Tennessee or Sequatchie Valley, or even by McMinnville, you should keep yourself well guarded in those directions and well informed. Should he gain your rear between Loudon and Knoxville in too great force to be defeated, you can retire by crossing above Loudon or Concord. You should, accordingly, keep a route open in that direction.

At your distance it is impossible for me to decide the details of your movements, but they should be such as to close up your expedition promptly. From the great strength of the enemy here you will see the importance of the return of General Cleburne's force as soon as possible. Write immediately and give me your decision as to future operations, and in future report daily.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, November 22, 1863-6 p.m.

Maj. Gen. J. WHEELER,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General McLaws reports from his last examination against the contemplated assault. General Bragg telegraphs me

