
that: "The enemy is re-enforcing and that I must hold Kingston until I am re-enforced. Two divisions have been ordered here." You will have to march, therefore, early to-morrow, for Kingston, leaving a brigade to picket and scout upon our left. You will please give particular and definite instructions to the brigade commander whom you leave. Try and reach Kingston before day on the 24th, drive in the pickets there, and you will then ascertain whether the enemy has been re-enforced there. If he has not, capture or disperse the force that is there, and pass on as if you were going on down the river; give out the impression that I am following you down the river, and make a reconnaissance as far down as you can, and remain in that direction till you can send me reliable information of the enemy's movements. Have a line of couriers between us and keep me well advised. I shall remain here till further developments are made. After passing Kingston for one night, you can return with your main force to Kingston, and let a smaller force, say a brigade, make the reconnaissance down, giving out the impression that our entire force is following on down.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

Please answer and let me know the hour when you will set out. If you can get a telegraph operator at Kingston it will aid us very much.

J. L.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,No. 101. Near Knoxville, Tennessee, November 22, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

III. Major-General Martin will leave three regiments and Brigadier-General Armstrong two regiments to picket from General Jenkins' left to the Holston River. Colonel Crews will take command of the entire picket-line, and report to these headquarters for instructions.

IV. Generals Martin and Armstrong will move on the road to Kingston to-morrow morning as early as possible. General Martin will move in the advance.

V. Colonel Crews, commanding brigade left near Knoxville, will detail a suitable number of men to drive in the hogs captured by Captain Kincaid near Big Creek Gap. Should it be impossible to drive these hogs, they will be distributed through the country until they are sufficiently recovered to be driven. The best locations for forage will be selected for this purpose.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

E. S. BURFORD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS, Chattanooga Valley, November 22, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

GENERAL: Allow me to suggest the propriety of your sending an intelligent staff officer to communicate personally with General Lonstreet,

47 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

