
to explain to him your views respecting the designs of the enemy, the chances of their getting in his rear at Loudon and Charleston, the assistance you are to send him, and the necessity of providing the means of certain escape in the event the enemy should succeed in forcing him to raise the siege. I would, moreover, especially impress on him the importance of retiring in time to save his communications, of which i would leave him the sole judge. If Burnside is strongly fortified and cannot be captured without a siege, my conviction is that he ought to retire without delay.

Very respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, Bailey's Cross-Roads, November 22, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE, Rossville, Ga.:

I now hold Johnson's Crook, the enemy having retreated back to and below Trenton. Their strength was about 1,500 infantry and 200 cavalry, six pieces of artillery, and fifteen wagons. They burned Cureton's and Penn's Mills. The enemy was commanded by General De Courcy [Corse?], of Sherman's corps. Early part of last night their forces were visible near Trenton. As I understand, the object of my trip is now accomplished, and I ask to be ordered back to camp. One regiment of my brigade, in obedience to order from General Bragg, I have ordered to report to General Stevenson. I await orders from you at Davis' Cross-Roads.

Very respectfully,JAMES T. WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

DUBLIN, November 22, 1863.

Maj. Gen. S. JONES,

Care of Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

The following just received from Major-General R. Ransom:

The enemy is reported retreating from Morristown toward Tazewell. The cavalry has been put in motion to operate as directed.

R. RANSOM,

Major-General.

W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, November 22, 1863.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT, Richmond:

Your dispatch in cipher 21st received. A brigade from Mobile had just been sent. This morning one will be ordered from Enterprise to Atlanta to receive General Bragg's orders there. He gives me no information upon which I can compare his wants with those of Mississippi. I am anxious to help him whenever he is to fight.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

