SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN NORTH MISS.,No. 179. Oxford, November 23, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

III. Surg. James L. Thompson, having reported to these headquarters pursuant to Special Orders, No. 245, headquarters Enterprise, Miss., is hereby assigned duty as surgeon of the post in charge of hospitals [relieving Asst. Surg. J. F. Merriwether], and will act as chief surgeon of this command in the absence of Surgeon Beatty.

*			*			*			*			*

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

J. A. TAYLOR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Grenada, November 23, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: During my absence Major Holt, my adjutant-general, forwarded you a copy of a letter received from Maj. Gen. R. Taylor, commanding District of Western Louisiana, in reply to one from me, in compliance with instructions from the general commanding. I now send to you a copy of the cipher referred to, as also of a letter from General Taylor's signal officer, in regard to establishing a signal station on the river. I found these letters here on my arrival, and being very desirous of establishing the communications with the Trans-Mississippi Department, I would respectfully request to be informed whether any steps have been taken to perfect the arrangements suggested by Major-General Taylor, as these communications have been in my office for some time and ought to have been attended to sooner, and also to urge the propriety of carrying out the plans adopted by his signal officer. In order to carry out these plans it would be necessary for me to have a signal officer, and I would respectfully ask that one be sent me.

My object in writing is to prevent any confliction with any plans that may have been adopted by the general commanding by any plans that I may adopt.

Very respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

HDQRS. SIGNAL CORPS, DIST. OF WEST LOUISIANA, Near Saint Joseph, La., October 9, 1863.

Maj. Gen. STEPHEN D. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Taylor directed me to proceed to this point to establish a line of signals connecting with the eastern side of the Mississippi. I have established the line at this point and the station on your side of the river will be found at Mrs. Smith Daniels' house [which is situated 2 miles back of Bruinsburg]. Any important communications for Generals Taylor or Smith can be sent

