
Under the Constitution of the Confederate States, "No citizen can be deprived of life, liberty, or property except by due process of law," and no property can be confiscated except by a decree of a court of competent jurisdiction. Already a writ of replevin for a wagon thus captured has been returned by the sheriff "resisted by military force."

The wagon was held under orders from General Johnston and the same thing will doubtless occur again. This raises a grave question and one which may produce much disaffection.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Grenada, November 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,Commanding Cavalry, near Oxford, Miss.:

GENERAL: Inclosed you will find an order issued at Okolona. I deemed it best for the present that the old system should be established, as there is much in Northeast Mississippi to be attended to with which General Ferguson is more conversant than yourself. Brigadier-General Forrest has been assigned to the command in West Tennessee, to organize such troops as he can. Richardson has been ordered to report to him. He will have his old regiment, his brother's regiment from North Alabama, and his battery. I think it best that Duckworth's regiment should go with him, to recruit and return when full to your command. The expedition ordered in my letter from Okolona is delayed until Saturday night, as General Forrest will not be ready before that time. I wish six days' cooked rations and at least 75 rounds of ammunition per man. It would be well for you to post yourself as to forage between the Tallahatchie and the railroad for future operations, and gain all information possible as to the enemy. Will see you at Oxford on Thursday morning.

I am, general, very respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

TANGIPAHOA, November 23, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

Are there any permits now in force authorizing the transportation of cotton from this department to the lines of the enemy? If not, please state it in so many words. Please also authorize me by telegraph to call upon commander of post and other military officers to aid me in official duties and to prevent a violation of law.

F. H. HATCH,

Collector.

COLUMBUS, November 23, 1863.

General J. E. JOHNSTON:

I have requested the immediate action of the Legislature as to the State troops, and hope all obstacles to their immediate organization or transfer will be removed.

CHARLES CLARK.

