
ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, November 24, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Sam. Jones has been informed of condition of affairs at Knoxville, and advised to throw forward his cavalry and give all the aid in his power.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Grenada, November 24, 1863.

Brig. Gen. J. R. CHALMERS,Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he has received a letter from His Excellency Governor Clark saying that Major Blythe's battalion is in the State service, and he, the general, has ordered it to report to Major Mellon, commissary of subsistence, for duty in collecting supplies in De Soto County. He is sorry that you are having any difficulty of the nature spoken of in your communication, but can suggest no remedy at present. He has written to General Johnston in regard to the case of Collins and others of a similar nature, as he does not deem that he has any authority over them until they are organized, as they are acting under authority of the Secretary of War.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Grenada, November 24, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend that a bridge be built over the river at this point. I consider it of the utmost importance, as the character of the river is such that at times it can neither be forded nor ferried. In a short time it will be impossible to build a bridge, and the matter requires prompt attention. It will be much cheaper to build now, and with the brick piers, a bridge can be built at a cost not exceeding &amp;8,000. I invite the attention of the general to this matter. I have heard of no engineer having examined this country. An engineer officer is much needed, and I request that one be ordered to report to me.

The attention of the general is called to the fact that I have not been able to procure portable forges for my command, notwithstanding my quartermaster, Major Quaite, has made every endeavor to procure them. It is a fact not to the credit of my command that I state that most of the regiments under my command have no facilities for shoeing their horses, having to depend on the country shops. I ask the assistance of the general in this matter.

The cavalry are much in need of blankets. They have no tents, and as it is not expected that they should have them, I request that

