HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' CAVALRY, Oxford, Miss., November 26, 1863.

Colonel W. F. SLEMONS,Commanding Brigade, Panola:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move with your command on Saturday next to the vicinity of Chulahoma, where you will encamp for the night, and on the next day will form a junction as early as possible with Colonel McCulloch at Tallaloosa, where he will encamp on Saturday night. You will find forage at Hancock's and other places west of Chulahoma.

All unarmed men who are well mounted will be taken with you for special service.

A small force will be left to guard the crossings of the river, with orders to carry out the present instructions in regard to trading, &amp;c.

A supply of cartridge-boxes, belts, &c., for George's regiment will be sent up from Grenada to-morrow by special train, and you will be obtain and distribute them before starting.

The general will move with McCulloch's command to Tallaloosa.

I am, &c., your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,

No. 17. Grenada, November 26, 1863.

I. The wearing of Federal uniforms having become so common in this command, as it sometimes causes fatal mistakes, it is hereby ordered that every article of that description be at once dyed, and if not within five days after the promulgation of this order in each command of the Cavalry in Mississippi, they will be confiscated and turned over to the quartermaster's department, to be dyed and issued to those most in need of clothing.

By command of Maj. Gen. S. D. Lee:

G. W. HOLT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Ransom is moving on toward Knoxville; General Longstreet requested it. William E. Jones was below Rogersville with the cavalry yesterday, and the infantry was moving toward Bull's Gap. The part of the enemy's force that was at Bull's Gap and Morristown were, when last heard from, encamped between Clinch River and Cumberland Gap. Can you tell me anything of General Vance's movements?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 30, 1863.

It is not known certainly where General Vance is. His last orders were to report to General Bragg, but his name does not appear on the returns of General Bragg.

