
NEW ALBANY, Meridian, November 27, 1863-10.30 p.m.

[General CHALMERS:]

GENERAL: The enemy are on a raid from Corinth, 800 to 1,000 strong, and four pieces of artillery. I am endeavoring to close in on them. They are at Chesterville to-night, 12 miles from Tupelo. Delay your movements and remain in the vicinity of Abbeville, and I will send further orders.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE, Meridian, November 27, 1863.

Lieutenant HENRY GINDER,

Engineer Troops:

You will proceed immediately to make a reconnaissance of a route from this point toward Chattanooga, via Livingston, Greensborough, Centreville, Columbiana, Talladega, Jacksonville, Rome, Dalton, &amp;c., with the view of ascertaining the best road for trains from this point toward Chattanooga. You are not limited to the intermediate points, as they are only specified to designate the general route. You will note the general topographical features of the country, ridges, valleys, &c. You will also notable points, with their intermediate distances, as bridges, ferries, fords, mills, churches, and occasionally the residences of well known citizens, so that they may be properly located on a guide map. In general, you will note all matters which may tend to advance or retard the progress of an army train, as the character of the roads, the supply or deficiency of water, &tc.

You will report progress to this office, when it can be done without delaying you, so that your notes may be transferred to the map.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

POWHATAN ROBINSON,

Captain of Engineers, &c.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 21, 1863.

Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to Brandon, Miss.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

G. A. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 21, 1863.

Transportation furnished in kind from Dalton, Ga., to Brandon, Miss., for 1 man and 1 horse.

JNumbers S. BRANSFORD,

Major and Quartermaster.

48 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

