
ENGINEER OFFICE, Meridian, Miss., November 27, 1863.

Captain J. B. VINET,

Orleans Artillery and Assistant Engineer:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed immediately to make a reconnaissance of a route from this point to Chattanooga, via Livingston, Jones' Bluff, Eutaw, Foster's Ferry, Elyton, Ashville, Gadsden, Summerville, &amp;c., with the view of ascertaining the best road for trains from this point toward Chattanooga. You are not limited to the intermediate points, as they are only specified to designate the general direction. You will note the general topographical features of the country, ridges, valleys, &c. You will also note all roads of importance branching from your route, and all notable points, with their intermediate distances, as bridges, ferries, fords, mills, churches, and ocassionally the residences of well known citizens, so that they may be properly located on a guide map. In general, you will note all matters which may tend to advance or retard the progress of an army which may tend to advance or retard the progress of an army train, as the character of the roads, the supply or deficiency of water, &c.

On reaching Tuscaloosa you will report progress to this office, so that your notes may be transferred to the map. I will join you at Tuscalloosa.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

POWHATAN ROBINSON,

Captain of Engineers, &c.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., November

28, 1863.

In the event of this army being ordered to march to Resaca, the order of march will be as follows:

1. Hardee's corps by the main road.

2. Breckinridge's corps by the Sugar Valley road.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH CAVALRY DIVISION, Two Miles West of Tunnel Hill, Nov.28, 1863-1 p.m.

Major-General WHEELER,Chief of Cavalry:

GENERAL: Major Chenoweth, sent to the front, reports that the enemy, after advancing a column of infantry down the railroad, driving back our skirmishers, have halted about 500 yards from the breast-works thrown up by our force on the point of the ridge to the left of the wagon road, and are now burning the railroad bridge at that point.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WARREN GRIGSBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

