
directs that Major Leyden's guns be opened so soon as you can discover the first breaking of day, whether the fort's parapets can be seen or not. Please so order it.

The assault must be made, and the commanding general trusts that you enter upon it with heartiness and determination. The brunt of the assault is not the time for discouraging reports.

In reference to the abatis reported by Major Gerold, it is supposed there are some slight obstructions there of that character, but not of a very formidable nature.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 29, 1863.

General VAUGHN:

March your infantry at once for this place, to reach here by tomorrow night. Let your cavalry co-operate with Colonel Hart, who is at Kingston. Destroy all that you cannot bring with you. Answer.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 29, 1863.

General JOHN C. VAUGHN, Loudon:

Have parties in rear of the enemy to report what the force of the enemy is. Destroy the cars and locomotives. Cross your own command, and be sure to get your cavalry over in time to completely destroy the boats and bridges. If the enemy gets any nearer than Sweet Water to-night, you can march your own command to-morrow for this place, leaving your cavalry behind to observe the enemy and co-operate with Colonel Hart at Kingston.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Near Knoxville, November 29, 1863.

Maj. Gen. R. RANSOM, Jr.:

GENERAL: Since writing you this morning I have received a dispatch from General Bragg, informing me that he has retired to Dalton, directing that I join him there if practicable; if not, to retire to Virginia. I do not deem it practicable without the co-operation of General Bragg, and I doubt if he is able to co-operate, and it may be that he will not be at Dalton when I get there. I think, therefore, that I should do all that I can in his aid by distressing the enemy here, in order to draw forces from the enemy at Chattanooga to relieve the force here. You had better move at once, with

