
while looking, two blue puffs of smoke resembling explosions, but I did not see it often enough to form any deductions. The signal officer on Crane's Hill can give you a better idea than I can, as he commands, by his height, the ground.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

My officer over the creek says that there are also big fires farther up, above the fire abore reported. A citizen says this last fire is above Pull Tight.

KNOXVILLE, Tennessee, November 7, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. We will organize at once as large an expedition as possible. At present every available mounted man is fully employed, but the movements which you advise in Western Virginia may relieve us on our left, and the appearance of Sherman may also relieve our right. Our loss yesterday was about 700 men and four guns. I shall take steps to ascertain the cause of the disaster and punish any delinquency that may appear. In the course of the next twenty-four hours will telegraph you as to the size of the command and proposed route.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 7, 1863-12 m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I have ordered an immediate movement from here to carry Missionary Ridge, and to threaten or attack the railroad between Cleveland and Dalton. This must have the effect to draw the enemy back from your western flank; should it not, however, your best policy is to hold Kingston and Little Tennessee as long as possible, and if forced by overwhelming numbers to fall back, do so into the mountain passes, obstructing the roads as you pass. Should the enemy break past your right flank and move toward the Cumberland, then follow my previous instructions. You, being upon the spot and knowing the ground, must be left to your own discretion.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Lenoir's, Tennessee, November 7, 1863.

Maj. Gen. J. G. PARKE,

Chief of Staff, Knoxville, Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statements for the information of the general commanding:

One week ago to-day I commenced the work given me by General

