HEADQUARTERS, November 29, 1863.

Brigadier-General LEADBETTER, Loudon:

GENERAL: I send you by direction of Lieutenant-General Longstreet copy of telegram just received from Major-General Wheeler. Please let us know what intelligence you have from General Bragg or his vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Ringgold, Ga., November 26, 1863.

General LONGSTREET:

On arriving here yesterday about 1 p.m., I found that our lines had been broken and our army falling back. General Bragg desires me to say he wishes you to fall back with your command upon Dalton if possible. If you find that impracticable, he thinks you will have to fall back toward Virginia. At all events he desires that your order all the cavalry to Dalton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

LOUDON, November 29, 1863.

Colonel SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Knoxville:

I can hear of no enemy anywhere below or in any quarter. Everything looks fair. Did you gain any success after I left?

D. LEADBETTER,

Chief Engineer, Army of Tennessee.

HEADQUARTERS, Near Knoxville, November 29, 1863.

General LEADBETTER, Loudon:

GENERAL: I received after you left a dispatch from General Wheeler, as coming from General Bragg, stating that General Bragg had retired to Dalton, and that I should join him there, if practicable. I do not deem it practicable without the co-operation of General Bragg. I judge that he is not in condition to aid me in my effort to join him, and shall make my arrangements to retire to Virginia. Please give such orders as you deem best to Colonel Carter, at Charleston. He may be able, with his small force, to pass through the mountains and join General Bragg. General Vaughn had better join me, I think. If you think differently, however, please order him, by any route that you think practicable, to join General Bragg. He should either join me at once or commence his movement toward General Bragg.

