HEADQUARTERS, November 29, 1863.

Brig. Gen. JOHN C. VAUGHN, Loudon:

If you are obliged to evacuate, destroy everything that might be useful to the enemy.

J. LONGSTREET,Lieutenant-General.

Keep us advised of the enemy and his strength.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Tunnel Hill, November 29, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,Commanding, near Knoxville:

GENERAL: General Bragg has directed me to move up to Charleston on the Hiwassee. He thinks that you can then cross, and that the cavalry you have with you, with that which I shall bring, will be sufficient to guard your flanks on your march toward Dalton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER, Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., November 29, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The President has received from Governor Clark, of Mississippi, several telegrams announcing to him the great opposition felt by the people of the exposed localities in that State to having their slaves-even their male slaves-removed by military authority, lest all the others should at once desert to the enemy, and the fact that the Legislature of the State sustained such opposition. It never was the intention of the Department or the President that the slaves should be removed by military authority except when the male slaves would be probably conscribed or brought in some way into service by the enemy. Where such probability existed, my judgment has always been that it was a plain and imperative duty on the part of the Confederate Government to remove at least the able-bodied male slaves, so that they should not be made soldiers in the armies of the enemy against us, but be preserved as useful laborers to the Confederacy. In these opinions the President has concurred, and as I understand, expressed them to you, but since learning the views of the Governor and Legislature of Mississippi, he has in deference to their wishes determined to revoke any former instructions on the subject and leave appropriate action to the State authorities. I send you copies of his two telegrams to the Governor of Mississippi, which will explain his conclusions and guide your action. I fear the State authorities of Mississippi will hardly have the resolution against the natural repugnance of the immediate owners to enforce the removal

