
command into West Tennessee. The object of your movement is what was agreed on between the major-general commanding and yourself while last at Oxford.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. STITH,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' CAVALRY,

No. 75. Abbeville, November 29, 1863.

The thanks of the brigadier-general commanding are returned to Colonel R. McCulloch and the officers and men of his brigade for the promptness, energy, and skill displayed by them in rebuilding the pontoon bridge across the Tallahatchie River at Wyatt under difficulties which seemed almost insurmountable.

Such cheerful and prompt obedience to orders in the performance of necessary and toilsome labor is not less characteristic of the true soldier than courage in battle, and is equally worthy of emulation.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,

No.-. New Albany, November 29, 1863.

I. Colonel D. C. Stith, Provisional Army, C. S., having reported for duty at these headquarters pursuant to Special Orders, No. 381, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, Va., is announced as a member of the staff of the major-general commanding. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. By direction of General Joseph E. Johnston, all trading with the enemy by any person is positively prohibited, and the troops of this command will use all precautions to prevent such traffic, and all wagons and cargoes seized in violation of this order will be confiscated to the Government.

III. No permission will be granted to persons to pass beyond the lines of this command.

By order of Major-General Lee:

D. C. STITH,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, November 30, 1863. [Received Richmond, December 1.]

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Your telegram to General Bragg,* relieving him of command and directing him to turn over the command of the army to me, has just been shown to me by him. I fully appreciate the compliment paid to me by the President in this expression of his confidence, but

*See Part II, p.682.

