
feeling my inability to serve the country successfully in this new sphere of duty, I respectfully decline the command if designed to be permanent. In doing so permit me to add that I am desirous to serve the cause and the country, and will co-operate cordially with any officer the President may select.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, November 30, 1863.

General ROBERT RANSOM, Jr., Bristol, Tennessee:

Communicate to General Longstreet that General Bragg has fallen back to Dalton, the enemy at Tunnel Hill pursuing. If his rear is pressed, he may have to cross the Oostenaula. It is for General Longstreet to determine if he can rejoin General Bragg. If he cannot, he had better effect a junction with the Army of Western Virginia. Latest Northern papers state that Willcox is en route to re-enforce General Burnside.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MERIDIAN, November 30, 1863.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON, Richmond:

Your order a Texan battalion from Mobile to Trans-Mississippi Department. A much greater number of our men from that department is held there by the military authorities. I ask that you direct Lieutenant-General Smith to send us our men kept from us by his officers before you re-enforce him from Mobile.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, New Albany, November 30, 1863.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Meridian, Miss.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this point on the evening of the 27th. General Ferguson and Colonel Ross arrived also with their commands. I proposed starting on the 28th. On the night of the 27th General Ferguson and Colonel Ross were sent after a raiding party of the enemy in the vicinity of Ellistown; Colonel Ross going to Ellistown and Ferguson to Ripley. General Ferguson was obliged to return on account of the high water. Only a part of his brigade could recross the river at this point, so rapidly did the river rise. Colonel Ross attacked the enemy above Ellistown, but they retreated so rapidly he could not do them any damage. I have not yet been able to cross the river, although an attempt has been made to pontoon it, but hope to be able to cross to-morrow, as I am now building two bridges. The bridges at Wyatt

