
two bridges at this point, and will move to-morrow morning. Am pleased with your arrangement to cross at Goodman's Ferry and Rocky Ford as my command is small and you will be able to assist me if necessary. Should I cross the railroad, which is now probable, be ready to follow any force which pursues me. My desire is to whip their cavalry well. Try and join me if you can; but recollect you are to use your discretion in the matter.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

Have supplies ready on your' return. Will communicate with you to-morrow. Enemy have left Ripley.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,No. 306. Dalton, Ga., November 30, 1863.

I. The following changes in the organization of the army are announced:

First. Cleburne's and Stevenson's divisions are transferred from Breckinridge's to Hardee's corps.

*			*			*			*			*

Third. Reynold's brigade will remain in Hardee's corps attached to Stevenson's division.

II. In pursuance of Special Orders, No. 278, Extract XVI, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, dated Richmond, November 23, 1863, Brig. Gen. George B. Hodge, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to the command of the cavalry of Preston's brigade, designated as Hodge's brigade of cavalry, and composed of the Twenty-seventh Virginia Battalion Mounted Rifles, Clay's, Johnson's, and McAfee's Battalions Kentucky Mounted Rifles.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., November 30, 1863.

Corps commanders will forward the names of all officers who without authority quit the field of battle on the 25th; also the names of those who have since quit their commands without proper authority or excuse. These names will be forwarded to Richmond to be dropped from the rolls.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, Near Knoxville, November 30, 1863. [Via Bristol. Received December 3.]

President DAVIS:

Your order to join General Bragg was received yesterday, and my orders for the movement were issued at once. About four hours

