
you march to the rear of the enemy before daylight and get possession of his bridge.

There are, I believe, several fords above the bridge, but I think that the two brigades can capture the force if you once get behind it.

Put yourself in communication with Colonel Hart at once, and keep yourself advised so far as he can do so.

Let us hear from you at least once a day; oftener if there is anything to communicate of any importance.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, November 30, 1863.

Brigadier-General MARTIN:

GENERAL: You can use the two brigades that you have on the south side in cutting off the enemy's supplies from Sevier County. It is said that he draws supplies by his wagons and flat-boats on the French Broad. If your battery is over here, and you wish it, take it with you. Keep the enemy closely confined to his lines, if possible, and endeavor to cut off his means of supplies.

If you find any serviceable horses in the country, please appoint a discreet officer to purchase or impress such as may be useful as artillery horses. Communicate with us at least once a day; oftener if you have information of importance. If in your operations you should leave your ford uncovered, you should have it guarded by a strong picket.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-Your other brigade must remain here for the present. General Jones is ordered temporarily elsewhere. When he returns I hope that I may be able to give you one if not both of your other brigades.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Knoxville, November 30, 1863.

Brig. Gen. W. E. Jones, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith copy* of a communication from General Armstrong, which I send for your information. The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you will move your command out on the road therein referred to, the Maynardville road, toward the river, and scout in the vicinity and endeavor to annoy and distress the enemy as much as possible.

You will probably find parties of the enemy on this road which you will be able to capture. The general desires that you will keep constantly in communication with him, and let him know where you are and what you are doing. We should hear from you at least once a day.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

*Not found.

49 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

