
that successor you have a veteran whose brilliant reputation you have aided to achieve. He cannot fail, if properly sustained, to fill the measure of our country's expectations.

To the officers of my general staff, who have so long, so zealously, and so successfully struggled against serious difficulties in support of the army and myself, is due, in a great degree, what little of success and fame we have achieved. In bidding them and the army an affectionate farewell, they have the blessing and the prayers of a grateful friend.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 2, 1863.

To the Soldiers of the Army of Tennessee:

General Bragg having been relieved from duty with this army, the command has devolved upon me.

The steady purpose, the unflinching courage, and the unsullied patriotism of the distinguished leader who has shared your fortunes for more than a year, will be long remembered by this army and by the country he has served so well.

I desire to say, in assuming command, that there is no cause for discouragement. The overwhelming numbers of the enemy forced us back from Missionary Ridge, but the army is still intact and in good heart. Our losses were small and will be rapidly replaced. The country is looking to you with painful interest. I feel that it can rely upon you. Only the weak and the timid need to be cheered by constant success. The veterans of Shiloh, Perryville, Murfreesborough, and Chickamauga require no such stimulus to sustain their courage and resolution. Let the past take care of itself; we can and must secure the future.

W. J. HARDEE,Lieutenant-General.

MERIDIAN, December 2, 1863.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary, Richmond:

Please inform the President that our cavalry has had repeated orders to burn all cotton likely to fall into the enemy's hands and to prevent trade. I know that these orders are badly executed. We require another major-general of cavalry. The frontier is much too long for Major-General Lee's supervision.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

MERIDIAN, December 2, 1863.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Livingston:

The President calls attention to the neglect to burn cotton liable to fall into the enemy's hands and to the extent of trade with the enemy. I am informed by planters that a brisk trade is going on between the western part of Hinds County and Vicksburg.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

