HEADQUARTERS, North Side of Holston River, near Knoxville, December 2, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General RANSOM,Commanding:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Longstreet directs that you move your forces as rapidly as you can down this side of the Holston River to join him here. He wishes you to bring with you as large a supply of ammunition as can be had.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, December 2, 1863-7 p.m.

Brig. Gen. JOHN C. VAUGHN,Commanding, &amp;c., Loudon:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you retire from Loudon at once, with your infantry and artillery, and march to join us here. Bring with you all the stores and supplies that you can, and destroy all that you are obliged to leave. Leave your cavalry behind you to cover your movement; observe the enemy and destroy the bridge and other means of crossing the river.

Be sure that the bridge is effectually destroyed. Report frequently your progress and movements.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, December 3, 1863.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have considered with some anxiety the condition of affairs in Georgia and Tennessee. My knowledge of events has been principally derived from the public papers and the impressions I have received may be erroneous, but there appears to me to be grounds to apprehend that the enemy may penetrate Georgia and get possession of our depots of provision and important manufactories. I see it stated that General Bragg has been relieved from command, and that General Hardee is only acting until another commander shall be assigned to that army. I know the difficulties that surround this subject, but if General Beauregard is considered suitable for the position, I think he can be replaced at Charleston by General Gilmer. More force, in my opinion, is required in Georgia, and it can only be had, so far as I know, from Mississippi, Mobile, and the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. The occupation of Cleveland by the enemy cuts off General Longstreet from his base, and unless he succeeds quickly in defeating General Burnside, he will have to retire either into Virginia or North Carolina. I see no reason why General Sam. Jones should not be ordered to advance to his support, or at least to divert the attention of the column that is said to be moving on Charleston, Tennessee

I have ventured to trouble Your Excellency with these suggestions as I know how much your attention is occupied with the general affairs

