
suffering for want of being shod. The command is not sufficiently supplied with ammunition, having only about 25 rounds per man.

My quarters are 1 1/2 miles this side of Colonel Tibbs'.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. WADE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brig., Fourth Cav. Division.

MERIDIAN, December 3, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE, Dalton:

Upon General Bragg's expectation of a battle, I ordered Quarles' brigade from Mobile and Baldwin's from Enterprise, for the emergency only.

General Bragg has informed me that the enemy has fallen back. I therefore request you to order Quarles' brigade back to Mobile, and Baldwin's to Meridian.

J. E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 3, 1863.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON,Commanding Department:

GENERAL: I beg leave to inclose herewith an exhibit* of the condition of the subsistence department of this army. I do so to show you that although the meat ration has been reduced to three-fourths pound of beef, unless supplies can be obtained from Mississippi, this army will be without meat in two months. As most of the troops of your department are now serving with this army, I hope you will be able to give me material aid in this particular. Without meat it will be impossible to hold this army together.

As a matter of interest I send you a copy of the report of casualties in the late engagement.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 4, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication dated 8 p.m., December 3, the lieutenant-general commanding instructs me to say that he wishes you to destroy the bridge at Charleston, and to secure the hogs and as many other stores as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, December 4, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE, Dalton:

Your dispatch received. The two brigades you mention were sent to take part in a battle expected by General Bragg. As the enemy has fallen back, I request you to order one brigade to Meridian and the other to Mobile. They were not transferred to that army.

J. E. JOHNSTON.

*Not found.

