
DALTON, GA., December 4, 1863. [Received 5th.]

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Johnston requests me to send Quarles' brigade back to Mobile, and Baldwin's to Meridian, alleging they were sent to General Bragg in expectation of a battle and for the emergency only. Submit to the President the propriety of retaining these brigades with this army; the force here is already too weak and this additional force indispensable.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, December 4, 1863.

Maj. Gen. JOSEPH WHEELER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Clay has just returned from Charleston; found no enemy there. Forty Federals on broken-down horses left there early this morning for Chattanooga via Georgetown. A Union lady, with whom General Gillem [Federal] had conversed freely, told Colonel Clay that three corps had passed up toward Knoxville-one through Georgetown, one through Charleston, and one on the other side of the river. It was the common report among the Federal soldiers that Longstreet had whipped Burnside, and by some that he had captured him. Colonel Clay left a sergeant and 5 men in Charleston to observe to-night any movement in the neighborhood. The 2 officers who are going to Athens and Knoxville on scouts have been instructed by me, but are ordered to report to you for further instructions, if you have any.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,JNumbers A. WHARTON,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, December 4, 1863.

His Excellency Governor VANCE, Raleigh, N. C.:

Please send the following telegram to General R. B. Vance:

Proceed immediately with your command to Knoxville, Tennessee, and report to General Longstreet.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 4, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond:

GENERAL: I avail myself of the earliest opportunity to transmit to the Department a report of the present effective strength of this army. This report does not include Longstreet's corps and Buckner's division, now in East Tennessee, except Reynolds' brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

