
and two brigades of Buckner's division with General Longstreet. Quarles' and Baldwin's are not an equivalent for this force now lost to us.

W. J. HARDEE.

RICHMOND, December 5, 1863.

General R. E. LEE,

Orange Court-House, Va.:

Could you consistently go to Dalton, as heretofore explained?

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Mr. Biggs' House, 5 Miles from Benton, Dec.5, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have just seen and conversed with a citizen who left Sweet Water Friday morning. He stated that General Longstreet was fully advised of the enemy's movements on Sunday last; that the head of enemy's column reached Loudon or vicinity Thursday night, 3rd, and that the column which went up the left bank of the Tennessee River united with the column which went up the railroad at Philadelphia. He learned from a letter written by General Vaughn to his wife that General Longstreet received strong re-enforcements on Tuesday. He also stated that he was at Loudon on Tuesday, and that General Vaughn was then making preparations to cross the river.

Report among the citizens was that General Longstreet's re-enforcements would enable [him] to thoroughly invest Knoxville, and the opinion amongst officers was that the enemy would surrender as soon as the place was thoroughly invested. The enemy is reported to have straggled a great deal in going from Athens up.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.

N. B.-Orders have been received about burning the railroad bridge at Charleston, and a force has been ordered there to execute it.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 5, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires you will take position with your command at some eligible point between this place and Cleveland, where you can cover the right flank of the army and observe the movement of the enemy.

He also directs that you send, as early as practicable, 500 men, under a suitable officer, to take post at or near La Fayette, to protect our left.

50 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

