
of whom have received nothing for a long time, and if we could pay them the bounty [all entitled to it] they could get along for a few months.

I have a small battery at Selma which, when repaired, will be sent to Meridian, with 200 rounds of ammunition to the piece; if it can be done, would be glad if General Lee could bring them. I am satisfied that I can procure horses for them if the guns can be gotten here.

I send a duplicate of this across the railroad and this through via Tuscumbia, with strict instructions to effectually destroy where there is the least probability of capture.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, December 6, 1863.

The troops of this command will move to-morrow for Chulahoma. The brigades of General Ferguson and Colonel Ross will leave at sunrise, and the brigade of General Chalmers will move an hour after.

Brigade commanders will send forward to Chulahoma their forage masters to procure forage for their horses.

The men with disabled horses will move with their regiments, as far as practicable, to prevent straggling, which would otherwise occur.

By order of General Lee:

D. C. STITH,Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 218. Dalton, Ga., December 6, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

III. The officers and men of the following named batteries will report to Colonel M. H. Wright, commanding, &amp;c., at Atlanta, Ga., for duty; the horses, guns, ammunition, &c., belonging thereto, will be at once turned over to the chief of the proper staff departments at these headquarters: Scogin's, Waters', Baxter's, Rivers', Massenburg's.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Rutledge, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

My forces are here. Shall I operate as best I may in this country, or withdraw to Southwestern Virginia? We shall need railroad communication soon.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

