SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No. 268. Meridian, Miss., December 7, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

IV. Major-General French will proceed with his command to Brandon, Miss.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,

No.-. Chulahoma, December 7, 1863.

Brigadier-General Chalmers' command will resume the line of the Tallahatchie River.

Brigadier-General Ferguson's brigade will return to the vicinity of Pontotoc via Oxford.

Colonel Ross' brigade will march for Canton, Colonel Ross reporting with his command to Brig. Gen. W. H. Jackson for duty.

The brigades of General Ferguson and Colonel Ross will move tomorrow to Oxford via Wyatt at daylight, and the brigade of General Chalmers which goes to Abbeville will move two hours after.

Brigadier-General Chalmers will relieve Lieutenant Armstrong and the enlisted men of General Ferguson's brigade on duty with the Buckner Battery and replace them from his own command. The battery will remain for the present with General Chalmers' command.

Brigade commanders on taking their positions will give their attention and devote their energies to the recruiting of their men and horses to enable the major-general to resume offensive operations as soon as possible.

In ordering the different brigades to their positions, the major-general thanks the troops of his command for their gallantry and good behavior on the late expedition. They started under the most unfavorable circumstances, heavy rains having delayed the expedition and destroyed their subsistence stores; still not a murmur or complaint was heard, and whenever the enemy was met, he was routed and severely punished. McCulloch's brigade, of Brigadier-General Chalmers' command, and Ross' brigade at Moscow, and General Ferguson's brigade at Ripley, displayed dash and gallantry.

The entire command did good service in destroying the Memphis and Charleston Railroad at different points.

By order of Maj. Gen. S. D. Lee:

D. C. STITH,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI,No.-. December 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel Duff's battalion is assigned to duty with General Chalmers' brigade. Lieutenant-Colonel Duff will report accordingly.

By order of General Lee:

D. C. STITH,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

