SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS,No. 269.	 Meridian, Miss., December 8, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

IX. Colonel Edward Dillon, of the cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of Southwestern Mississippi and East Louisiana, with all the troops, including Wingfield's battalion, now commanded by Captain Scott, in the region south of Brigadier-General Jackson's command and west of the Department of the Gulf. All orders heretofore issued conflicting with this are hereby revoked.

By command of General Johnston:

BENJ. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Jackson, December 9, 1863.

[General LEE:]

GENERAL: I have the opportunity of sending you a few lines by Dr. Johnson, of General W. H. Jackson's staff.

I have succeeded so far beyond my most sanguine expectations. The news we have from your operations on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad I am in hopes may be confirmed.

I inclose* you copy of letter to General Johnston fully explaining the condition of affairs here. Anything and everything I can do shall be done to render the defense of this country and its occupancy permanent.

I would be glad to open a line of communication with you, and if you will send me a courier with statement of courier-line established to the railroad, I will establish a line from this to the railroad to connect.

The enemy are reported as re-enforcing and fortifying at Union City. Therefore apprehend no danger of any advance from that quarter. If, however, they should do so and it becomes necessary to have re-enforcements, I respectfully ask that you will bring with you all the arms, &amp;c., for my command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,N. B. FORREST,

Brigadier-General,

Commanding.

HDQRS. CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, December 9, 1863.

General CHALMERS:

GENERAL: Major-General Lee desires me to say to you that he wishes you to take measures to have the levees at Wyatt and Panola put in good repair, and to have the bridges at those points put in good condition for crossing at high water.

Respectfully,

D. C. STITH,

Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Meridian, Miss., December 9, 1863.

Colonel E. J. HARVIE,Inspector-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of facts to the commanding general in regard to statements made by

*See p.789.

