
The regular monthly reports have been ordered and will be furnished at an early day. The transportation of the division is largely occupied in general supply train, and as soon as the public convenience will warrant, I trust it will be ordered back to its proper command. Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, with six companies of the Thirty-first Indiana, has been absent nearly four weeks guarding supply trains between Stevenson and Chattanooga, and requests to be relieved and rejoin his command.

You are aware that the entire tentage of the division and the officers' baggage, with a large portion of the ammunition, were left in Chattanooga. It is desirable that all these be sent to the command at the earliest moment. The men and officers suffered much from the exposure during the march across the mountains and are in real want of their personal baggage.

Batteries H and M. Fourth U. S. Artillery, assigned to this division, are at Chattanooga. One of these I think should be sent to this point, Lieutenant Sahm's battery having been ordered to the front by General Hooker and sent forward.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Near Dallas, Tennessee, November 1, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD, Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy have increased their pickets below here, substituting infantry for cavalry. They appear in largely increased force between Ralston's and Puckett's, where heretofore there had been but light cavalry pickets.

They have been running trains all day on the Cleveland railroad. Scouts report that they can hear them whistle at Tyner's Station, Ooltewah, and at another point near Missionary Ridge, probably at the tunnel, and that largely increased activity is observable to-day.

A Union woman who has been in the habit of signaling to us from the other side of the river below, to-day signaled that she could not communicate on account of the enemy's pickets.

All was quiet at last report from Smith's and Igou's Ferry.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Near Dallas, Tennessee, November 1, 1863-9 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept.of the Cumberland:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that Colonel Tillson, Tenth Illinois Infantry, stationed at Igou's Ferry, reports that his pickets report that about 2 p.m. to-day a large force [they say a brigade] of the enemy's cavalry passed up the river, turning off from the bank

