
DALTON, GA., December 10, 1863.

President DAVIS:

General Leadbetter has received information that the enemy has been tearing up the track between Cleveland and Charleston. Several scouts report this evening that two corps have crossed to the opposite side of the Tennessee at Bridgeport; that the work upon the bridges at Bridgeport and Running Water has been stopped, and that much of the track between Bridgeport and Chattanooga has been torn up. A dispatch just received from General Iverson, dated Rome, December 9, says the courier-line from Guntersville reports the enemy withdrawing their pickets for 30 or 40 miles above. They are moving toward Woodville, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. They say they have reliable information that a strong force is moving from Chattanooga toward Nashville.

The above reports and those previously received corroborate each other, and, if true, indicate other designs on the part of the enemy than invasion of Georgia; possibly the removal of Grant and part of his command to Virginia. General Hardee has taken energetic measures to ascertain with certainty whether the enemy is moving.

J. C. IVES,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Organization of the Army of Tennessee, commanded by Lieutenant General William J. Hardee, C. S. Army, December 10, 1863.*

HARDEE'S ARMY CORPS.

Maj. Gen. BENJAMIN F. CHEATHAM.

CHEATHAM'S DIVISION.+

Brig. Gen. JOHN K. JACKSON.

Jackson's Brigade.

Colonel JOHN C. WILKINSON.

1st Georgia (Confederate), Maj. James C. Gordon,

5th Georgia, Lieutenant Colonel John F. Iverson.

47th Georgia, Captain Joseph S. Cone.

65th Georgia, Maj. S. F. Williams.

2nd Georgia Battalion Sharpshooters, Captain M. G. Hester.

5th Mississippi, Colonel John Weir.

8th Mississippi, Captain William Watkins.

Walthall's Brigade.

24th Mississippi Lieutenant Colonel Robert P.

27th Mississippi McKelvaine.

29th Mississippi Major James

30th Mississippi M. Johnson

34th Mississippi
Moore's Brigade.

37th Alabama, Lieutenant Colonel Alexander A. Greene.

40th Alabama, Lieutenant Colonel T. O. Stone.

42th Alabama, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas C. Lainer.

Wright's Brigade.

8th Tennessee, Lieutenant Colonel Chris. C. McKinney.

16th Tennessee, Captain Benjamin Randals.

28th Tennessee, Colonel Sidney S. Stanton.

38th Tennessee, Colonel John C. Carter.

51st Tennessee Lieutenant Colonel John

52st Tennessee G. Hall.

---------------

*For strength at this date, see Part II, p.657.

+Two brigadier-generals reported present for duty.

---------------

