
enemy. In a few days I shall be able to give you more definite information. I can state now that the enemy are moving in some force toward Stevenson, leaving about 20,000 men and around Chattanooga. The enemy are not working on the Bridgeport bridge or on the bridge at Running Water between Chattanooga and Bridgeport. The railroad track between Shellmound and Whiteside's has been taken up and is now used as a wagon road. The railroad from Ringgold to Chickamauga Station has been generally broken up and all the bridges burned. Three steam-boats are running from Chattanooga to Bridgeport. From present indications I judge that no immediate advance of the enemy may be anticipated in this direction. It is rumored that a heavy force is moving to Nashville. This news wants confirmation. The army is in good spirits, the artillery reorganized and equipped, and we are now ready to fight. I would like to have immediately the cavalry force of this army now with Longstreet.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

DECEMBER 11, 1863.

[Lieutenant Gen. J. LONGSTREET:]

Your dispatch of 9th received asking the intentions of the Government in relation to the troops of your command. You have not answered my request for information, and without knowledge of your condition or of the force and movements of the enemy, it is impossible to decide what it is best you should do. I wait for information from you,and desire your own views in relation to your own command.

S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Rogersville, December 11, 1863-7 p.m.

Maj. Gen. W. T. MARTIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your letter of this morning is received; also the note of General Armstrong. From the latter it seems that the enemy has passed up to your rear, as General Armstrong expects to encounter him at Rheatown, which is above Greeneville. This is the first intimation that I have had of any force in that direction,and this does not state what that force is which General Armstrong expects to encounter at Rheatown. I hope what you will keep us more fully advised of the movements of the enemy. From the arrangement of your pickets, I cannot understand how the enemy can be at Rheatown without our having some previous information upon the subject. General Law is 6 miles above Saint Clair, on the Kingsport road. You must keep him advised of the enemy's movements in any direction which may expose him. Colonel Giltner will have as much as he can attend to picketing in our front and on the north of us. Your line should be independent of us therefore. The enemy's cavalry has been increased by about 2,000 from Chattanooga, but this does not make his force very formidable, I presume. A division is

