
said to be between this and Bean's Station, but it seems to be rather inferior cavalry.

Keep us advised constantly, particularly of any force that may get up in the direction of Rheatown or Jonesborough.

Most respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. WESTERN VIRGINIA AND EAST TENNESSEE, Dublin, December 11, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET,Commanding,&amp;c., Jonesborough, Tennessee:

I would like to meet and confer with you. Where can I find you?

Would like to know something of your plans and purposes. You can communicate with me in cipher if you desire it.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FORCES OF DIST. OF WESTERN NORTH CAROLINA, At Horton's, Greene County, Tennessee, Dec.11, 1863.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: Your telegraphic dispatch of December 5, directing me to proceed at once with my command to Knoxville, has just reached me. I have the honor to report that on the 28th ultimo I proceeded to Tennessee with my cavalry for the purpose of intercepting forage and provisions trains going to the enemy at Knoxville from Sevier and the adjacent counties. That on the 1st instant I received a dispatch from General Longstreet, requesting me to join him with all the forces I could collect. I immediately left the cavalry and returned no North Carolina for what infantry and artillery I could gather, and proceeded with my combined forces with dispatch to Russellville (on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad), where I arrived and formed a junction with General Longstreet's forces on the 8th. On the 9th I received the dispatch marked A and dated the 9th. To-day I have received the dispatch from General Ransom marked B, dated December 8, anticipated by my movement. I am here guarding the pass to Warm Springs, as directed by General Longstreet, and am, also collecting and sending to North Carolina, for the use of the Government, considerable quantities of leather, flour,&c.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PALMER,

Colonel 58th North Carolina, Comdg. Dist.of W. N. C.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS, Near Mooresborough, December 9, 1863-a.m.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,Commanding,&c., Russellville:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your note of yesterday evening reporting your arrival at Russellville.

The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that, under

