
the views and circumstances set forth by you, the services of yourself and commanded will be of more value in Western North Carolina than here, and he desires that in accordance with this opinion you will at once return to that section of country. I am directed, in connection herewith, to convey to you the thanks of the commanding general for the promptness and zealousness with which your reported to his call for co-operation.

I am, colonel, &amp;c.,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure B.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWESTERN VA. AND EAST Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

Colonel JOHN B. PALMER,Commanding,&c.:

SIR: General Longstreet requests me to say that you had better return at once to the pass, going into North Carolina by way of Warm Springs.

Respectfully,&c.,

R. RANSOM, Jr.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHALMERS' CAVALRY, Oxford, December 11, 1863.

Colonel SLEMONS,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you put the bridge and levee at Panola in good repair as soon as possible, so as to make the crossing practicable at any stage of water.

The dug-outs for the bridge over the Tallahatchie should be at least 16 feet long, and the sleepers, &c., of the bridge should be poplar, in order to render it as light as possible.

I am, sire, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 11, 1863.

Hon. PIERRE SOULE,

Richmond, Va.:

DEAR SIR: I send you herewith the plan of operations for the present emergency you had asked of me before you left here. The views I have expressed may appear bold na impracticable to many, but our condition is so critical, in my opinion, that half-way measures may retard our ruing but cannot save us. The past,however, gives me no reason to believe that my views will be adopted by the War Department.

This is the sixth plan of campaign that I have had the honor to offer, directly or indirectly, to the Government, to wit, two from Manassas

