
road and bridges between Porter's Creek and Saulsbury, I could hold all with my infantry and the cavalry to this point, and at the same time hold Corinth against the enemy. I incline to the belief, from all I can learn to-day from scouts, &amp;c., if the enemy seriously intended attacking this post, they have either abandoned or post-poned it. Shall send everything to Memphis not required here as rapidly as possible. Hurst, it seems, abandoned his portion of the road against his express orders from General Dodge. I cannot learn where his command is.

JNumbers D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 7, 1863.

Brig. Gen. J. D. STEVENSON, Corinth, Miss.:

The First and Second Brigades Cavalry are ordered to report to you under Mizner. Dispose your troops as you judge best to Grand Junction. I will cover La Grange from here with a regiment of cavalry. Keep the road if you can without risk to Corinth, but hold Corinth at all events. Try and find out where Hurst is and get him under your command. Both the Sixth and Seventh Tennessee have behaved badly. I have ordered the Seventh in here, and will make something of them or break them.

S. A. HURLBUT,Major-General.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. LEFT WING, 16TH A. C.

No. 5. Eastport, Miss., November 7, 1863.

I. The Second and Third Brigades will immediately move forward in charge of the division train to Gravelly Springs, the senior officer present directing the march.

2. The First Brigade and Seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry will follow, bringing up the rear, and everything belonging to the command, and will camp to-night at Gravelly Springs.

II. The Second Division will move out to-morrow, the 8th November, its advance starting at 6 a.m. One mile beyond Gravelly Springs it will take the direct road to Ball's Factory Ford of Shoal Creek, turning off one-half mile beyond Houston's brick house. This road passes about 3 miles south of Rawhide and from 6 to 8 miles north of Florence.

2. The corps train and ambulance train will be heavily guarded in rear and front, and at least two companies of infantry will be put in at intervals of each twenty wagons. Trains must be kept all the time closed up. If a team falls out, a heavy guard must be kept with it, and nothing allowed to fall behind the rear guard. One company of the Eighteenth Regiment Missouri Mounted Infantry will go in advance of the division, with flanks out at all times. Every precaution must be taken to guard against sudden attacks on our trains, cattle, &c., as heavy bodies of rebel cavalry lie on our flanks.

III. The men of the Ninth Regiment Illinois Mounted Infantry

