HEADQUARTERS, Near Rogersville, December 13, 1863.

General W. T. MARTIN,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Our infantry will move down the road toward Bean's Station at once to conform to your movements. We may not be able to get on fast enough to follow your attack, but we can make your right flank secure. Keep your command well in hand, for we may have the opportunity to do more than merely secure the foraging country.

Very respectfully,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

Colonel Giltner will be ordered to follow your movement, and our infantry near him will follow him.

J. L.

Communicate with the officer on the road to Bean's Station through Colonel Giltner, that we may know where you are from time to time.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS, December 13, 1863-10 a.m.

Maj. Gen. W. T. MARTIN,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note of to-days is received. I will move down to Bean's Station to-morrow. I wish you to move down on your side at the same time with General Armstrong's and Morgan's divisions, and to send General Jones with his and Giltner's brigades to get possession of the gap at Bean's Station by passing to the north of the mountains, so as to prevent the enemy's escape in the direction of Cumberland Gap. General Jones will understand the move as one that he spoke of yesterday to me. Your move and his should attack the attention from us as much as possible. Your first aim should be to cut the force in front you off from the Bean Station road, and there await our movements, unless you have a good opportunity to press on. You should not fail to keep us advised, however.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-Say to General Jones not to mention the plans more than may be absolutely necessary.

RICHMOND, December 14, 1863.

Lieutenant-General LONGSTREET:

Every effort has been made to hasten the construction of the railroad bridges so as to afford you railroad communication. If you can furnish additional labor, the completion of the bridges may be expedited. Call on General Sam. Jones for additional field transportation.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

