
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., December 14, 1863.

Lieutenant Gen. JAMES LONGSTREET,

Rogersville, Tennessee:

GENERAL: While remaining in East Tennessee you will, as far as practicable, cause to be collected, especially from your front, all livestock, particularly hogs and beeves, and driven back to secure places within our lines. All other supplies should likewise be transported back as far as possible, using for such purpose the transportation of the country if it can be commanded.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

ATLANTA, GA., December 14, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dalton, Ga.:

Dispatch of 13th just received. I have in all about 1,800 men, including the five artillery companies recently sent down what number I can get from convalescents. I have but about 120 cavalry in the above number. With 500 additional good cavalry I would feel able to protect Atlanta against 5,000 men. Please advise me of any movements of raiding parties bearing on Atlanta. I write by evening mail.

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

ATLANTA, GA., December 14, 1863.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

COLONEL: I have the honor to stat I replied by telegraph a few moments since to your dispatch of the 13th, concerning the defense of Atlanta, that I had about 1,800 men, all told, effective strength, including the five artillery companies just sent down. I need to mention to you the peculiar topography of this place, rendering it easy of approach in every possible direction; this fact renders it necessarily a difficult point to defend against large bodies of men, or even against a moderate force, so long as we are so deficient in cavalry to do picket and keep us advised properly, or to meet them in front and so delay their advance as to enable us to know when to meet them. This is more especially the case with us here, as our main strength is the local force engaged in our various shops as mechanics. I am using every exertion to prepare the place for defense. Have completed a good line entirely around the city connecting all the batteries by heavy rifle-pits. The five companies sent me occupy now ten of my principal batteries, each company being strong enough to man two batteries of four guns each. At Roswell, Ga., on the north I have 150 men, armed with two pieces of artillery, and 40 mounted men, to guard that ford. The companies are composed

