
that are unfit for scouting duty will report to Captain C. C. Carpenter, commissary of subsistence, under charge of a proper commissioned or non-commissioned officer, for purpose of driving stock.

By order of Brig. Gen. G. M. Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant-Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tennessee, November 7, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: Captain Ryan, serving on the staff of Major-General Steele, has just arrived from Little Rock, charged with duties which appear to me sufficiently important to justify my ordering him direct to Washington.

General Steele writes that he will have no difficulty in recruiting 5,000 men if authorized to do so. Most of the recruits desire to serve as mounted infantry and bring in their own horses. General Schofield has, as I understand, send a civilian down by the name of Fishback from Fort Smith, to be the colonel, and has forbidden the recruiting of any but infantry. General Steele's plan I understand to be to have the recruits report and then assign officers to them from meritorious officers and non-commissioned officers of his command.

I fear that I may be considered trespassing upon the jurisdiction and department of General Schofield in recommending this latter course, and also in recommending the immediate enrollment of as many mounted infantry as can be procured, but my excuse is that Arkansas is nearer to me than any other officer, and that all the infantry and one brigade of cavalry there are still part of my corps-in fact, Major-General Steele has just sent me a full report-tri-monthly-of his force.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Vicksburg, Miss., November 7, 1863.

Brig. Gen. J. M. TUTTLE,Commanding Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions from Major-General Grant you will immediately embark your whole command, and proceed to report to Maj. Gen. W. T. Sherman, via Corinth.

Subsequent instructions from Major-General Sherman, through Major-General Hurlbut at Memphis, direct that all re-enforcements from below will join him [General Sherman] by way of the Tennessee River, disembarking at or near Eastport. You will therefore immediately on your arrival at Memphis and before disembarking, report to Major-General Hurlbut for further instructions, in case he shall have received any from General Sherman. If he has not received any, you will, of course, proceed with as little delay as possible to your destination, via the Tennessee River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

