
RICHMOND, December 15, 1863.

General W. J. HARDEE,

Dalton, Ga.:

The brigade composing General Hodge's cavalry belongs to South western Virginia, of Preston's command, and as Wheeler's cavalry with Longstreet's command has been ordered back to your army, and as cavalry is greatly needed in Southwestern Virginia, it is necessary that Hodge's cavalry should be sent there, and you are request so to order it.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, December 15, 1863.

General WILLIAM J. HARDEE,

Dalton:

General Shoup, being an artillery officer in the former service, was appointed brigadier-general especially for artillery service. He cannot therefore be separated from his present assignment. Another brigadier my be found from Alabama to command the brigade composed of the three Alabama regiments; if so he will be sent to you.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 15, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 14th at 5.30 p.m., the lieutenant-general directs me to say that you will return with your command in the event of your finding out that the enemy has not penetrated into Northern Georgia, as he does not wish you to harass your command with unnecessary marches. I have directed the commanders of detachments of Kelly's division, in the event that he has not received orders to the contrary from you, that he will halt his command until he shall hear from you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., December 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. SMITH,

Chief Paymaster,&amp;c.:

COLONEL: In reply to your letter of this date, I would state that the following named batteries of artillery have been ordered to and have reported here: Baxter's, Scogin's, Massenburg's, Waters', Rivers'.

Captain Pritchard's battery has been here some time.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. WRIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding.

