
[First indorsement.]

DECEMBER 24, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 26, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President's consideration.

I fear, unless from the South Carolina Department, few dispersed troops could be found to be spared their present duties, and in South Carolina the general commanding urges the insufficiency of his present forces.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

The general propositions are too obvious for discussion. Specifications are necessary to a practical application. The total present and absent of the Army of Tennessee, the cause of absence, the positions and numbers of the troops referred to as disposable,&amp;c.

J. D.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Clinton, December 17, 1863.

Brig. Gen. G. B. COSBY,Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Jackson's Division:

GENERAL: On assuming command of the Cavalry in Mississippi reports concerning a want of confidence on the part of your command toward you were made know to me. I did not them deem it proper to take any steps in the matter, as it was wish to investigate the matter to my satisfaction. I have done so, and I regret to find that the reports are correct. It is my belief that there are but few officers or men in your command who have confidence in your judgment and ability on the field, and there is an aversion on their part to go into battle under you. To such an extent does this feeling exist that I do not consider it to the interests of the service to add to your present command or that you should remain in this command. I have yet to find the first officer who is willing to remain with or serve under you. This being the case, general, I have to request that you will give the matter your attention, and trust you will deem it proper to apply to be transferred to some other command, or, at least, to be relieved from the one you now have. An early reply is requested, as I consider it necessary that some action be taken in the premises.

I am, general, yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Clinton, December 17, 1863.

Brig. General W. H. JACKSON,Commanding Cavalry Division, Clinton, Miss.:

GENERAL: Quite a number of arms are to be sent across the Mississippi River to Lieutenant Gen. E. K. Smith.

