
of his experience in defending forts against ships. General Shoup is still without a command, because there is no vacant command within my department which was appropriate or agreeable to him, and because General Hardee has applied for him to command a vacant brigade in the field in the Army of Tennessee, for which General Shoup had expressed his preference.

On the 23rd of November, without any application from me subsequent to that of September 9, General Moore was ordered to report to me. I have placed him in command of the eastern and western districts of this department and desire to retain him.

So far as I can recollect or ascertain, neither General Moore nor General Shoup has been applied for or assigned as chief of artillery.

I inclose the application and orders relating to the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

MOBILE, September 9, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Richmond, Va.:

Please send me Brig. Gen. J. C. Moore. He has no real command nor important duty. His ability, skill, and experience will be most important to me at this time.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,No. 43. Mobile, Ala., September 25, 1863.

* * * * *

VIII. Brig. Gen. F. A. Shoup having reported at these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, No. 212, from War Department, will proceed to Fort Morgan and assume command of the Third Brigade.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,No. 117. Mobile, Ala., December 10, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brig. Gen. John C. Moore, Provisional Army, C. S., having reported at these headquarters in accordance with Special Orders, No. 278, Paragraph XXXIII, dated November 23, 1863, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, is hereby assigned to command to eastern division, Department of the Gulf (General Clanton's command), and that portion of the Department of the Gulf lying west of Dog River (including Hall's Mills.) Commanders of troops

