
within the above-mentioned districts will report to him without delay. He will establish his headquarters at Mobile or wherever he may deem proper.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Maury:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY IN MISSISSIPPI, Grenada, December 22, 1863.

Maj. Gen. N. B. FORREST,Commanding in West Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 18th is received. Several days since I urged a move on Memphis to relieve you. Have received no orders as yet, but am ordered to meet General Polk at Brandon, and will leave in a few moments on special train. The streams in North Mississippi are now all up, but a move is not impracticable and I have urged it. I have every disposition to move to you or aid you in any way. General Johnston has left to take command of Army of Tennessee, General Polk taking his place. You are a major-general. As regards your arms I can learn nothing definite of them. Hope to inform definitely in a few days as to the move, and I think General Polk will do everything for you if not too late. I returned yesterday from the Big Black, which accounts for my not knowing more about your arms. The ordnance department seems to think I have nothing to do about your arms,&amp;c.

I am, general,yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Jackson, December 22, 1863.

Maj. Gen. S. D. LEE,Commanding Cavalry, Army of Mississippi:

GENERAL: I am perfectly satisfied that the enemy will move on me with a large force in a few days. I do not think it will be more than three days before they will begin their programme, which is not yet fully developed.

My opinions is (from all reports) that they are concentrating at Corinth and La Grange, on the railroad, and at Fort Pillow and Union City. I write, therefore, to ask you to be prepared to aid me at short notice, and when they move on me, to have you move on them on the railroad. I will move round them and join you in the destruction of the road, and will drive out cattle sufficient for our use. I have only about 3,000 armed men, and they, in gathering up the balance of commands, are much scattered. I will gather up everything possible and be prepared for the moment.

I have 1,200 men now out in Mississippi after arms. I hope they have gotten them and that they will be here in a day or two. I have arranged to send communications to you through Captain Higgs, commanding my scouts. Would be glad to know when you can make

