
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

No. 227. Dalton, Ga., December 22, 1863.

I. In order to give to our brave soldiers an opportunity to visit their homes and provide for their families during the winter, the following system of furloughs is accounted:

For every 30 men of each regiment actually present in camp for duty, 1 man may be furloughed for any period not exceeding thirty days, conditioned that the same be approved by the proper company and regimental commanders certifying that no man of the same company furloughed under this order remains absent without leave, and the application shall then be approved at brigade, division, corps, and army headquarters.

II. Similar leave of absence may be granted 1 officer in each company having 3 officers present for duty, and to 1 officer of the field and staff of each regiment where all present for duty.

III. The length of the furlough will be determined by the distance to be traveled. No officer or soldier shall have more than ten days to remain at home. In all instances the most meritorious and urgent cases will be recommended.

IV. 1. A furlough not exceeding forty days will be granted to every non-commissioned officer and private who secures a recruit for his company.

2. The recruit must be received and mustered into the service and be doing duty in the company before the application for furlough is forwarded.

3. In all applications made in pursuance of Section 1, Paragraph IV, the commanding officer of the company will certify that the applicant has obtained and approved recruit who has been mustered into the service and is present with the company doing duty. If the recruit be a minor, the consent of his parent or guardian shall appear. No furlough granted will carry permission to pass into the lines of the enemy or across the Mississippi.

V. Officer and men to whom leaves and furloughs shall be granted will use every effort to bring back absentees and recruits.

VI. The following shall be the form of application under Paragraph I:

Soldiers' furlough as per regulations.

* * * * *

CERTIFICATE OF COMMANDERS.

1. That I have --- enlisted men actually present for duty in my company.

2. --- are absent on furlough under this order.

3. --- none furloughed under this order remain absent without leave.

4. No other application for the same 30 men is pending.

5. That --- has (or has not) been furnished with transportation home and back, on furlough of indulgence.

6. That --- has not received commutation home and back in lieu of a furlough.

7. --- wishes to go to --- County, --- State,and not elsewhere.

VII. All prior orders on the subject of leaves and furloughs are rescinded.

By command of Lieutenant-General Hardee:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

