
There was two divisions left before Longstreet's corps went. I heard that Longstreet's corps went to Knoxville. Have not been outside of my division lines for three weeks.

As far as my acquaintance goes, the men are very much disheartened. Would take peace on most any terms. A great many of the men of my regiment's terms of service will be out in a few months, and the men will not stay any longer in the service. A number that I know would leave now, but as their time is so near out, they prefer serving their time out. We get about the same rations we have had.

The stock is in very bad condition; they get but six ears of corn per day. This I know. They are taken back about 8 o'clock in the morning, and kept there until afternoon grazing. The mules get no corn; they are turned out, and what they get to eat is what they can pick up. The majority of them are hardly able to walk.

Our division has not been paid off for five months. I think this is the case with all of Bragg's old army.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 8, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

A. T. SNODGRASS,Captain, in Charge of Scouts.

[Second indorsement.]

Make one copy for General Grant, and send to him at once. Return this paper to this office.

J. J. R.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPARTMENT OF THE

No. 121. CUMBERLAND, Winchester, Tennessee, November 8, 1863.

*			*			*		 *			*

III. Paragraph II, Special Orders, No. 77, dated headquarters chief of cavalry, Burke's house, July 7, 1863, organizing a third brigade in the Second Cavalry Division, is hereby revoked. The regiments composing the brigade are assigned as follows: Fifth Iowa Cavalry to First Brigade, Second Division Cavalry; Tenth Ohio Cavalry to Second Brigade, Second Division Cavalry: First Middle Tennessee Cavalry to First Brigade, Second Division Cavalry.

IV. Wilder's brigade, heretofore known as First Brigade, Fourth Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, having been transferred by Special Field Orders, No. 278, Extract IX, dated headquarters Department of the Cumberland, October 18, 1863, to the cavalry command, is hereby assigned to the Second Division Cavalry, Brigadier-General Crook commanding, and will be numbered Third Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

By command of Brigadier-General Elliott:

WM. H. SINCLAIR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

