
CHATTANOOGA, November 8, 1863-5 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Thomas will not be able to make the attack of which I telegraphed you until Sherman gets up. Sherman is now at Fayetteville. Thomas will drive the enemy from the west side of Lookout and move a column up the valley. This may withhold any movement against you until a larger force can be collected, and a greater effort will be made to force the enemy back.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Lenoir's, Tennessee, November 8, 1863.

General BURNSIDE, Knoxville:

I find two points where a bridge can be thrown below mouth of Little Tennessee: First, a mile below, bank rather high and steep, otherwise good enough. The position, however, is in cleared land and no position for artillery within three-quarters of a mile, and entirely exposed. Second, just above Blonder's old ferry, 3 miles below; good position for a battery; road to it bad for conveying pontoons, being through the wood and crooked and hilly, and the bank and approaches will require a good deal of work. On a high bluff on the opposite shore, about three-quarters of a mile below, it is reported that the enemy had guns in position there, but I do not believe it. The river is broader at both these points than here.

We must have more nails before we can build more pontoons.

The enemy's pickets extend from Loudon up to Davis' Ford, 4 miles up the Little Tennessee. They have pickets at two fords above that, and I have no reliable information farther. They have cleaned out the country near here, below Little Tennessee.

R. B. POTTER,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Rockford, Tennessee, November 8, 1863-8 a.m.

General PARKE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: All quiet in this direction; one of the home guards came in last night, and reports that the rebels were crossing yesterday and intended to advance this morning; but as his report came through various sources, and he cannot trace it to any one who saw them or any of them, I do not believe a word of it, especially as my scout brings later news that they are not crossing in any force. Captain Stover, of the Forty-fifth [Ohio], at Maryville, reports that he heard their drums yesterday evening. I also doubt that report. If he heard any, they must have been near Lenoir's, as there were certainly no rebels nearer Maryville than that. I sent three deserters from Bragg's army to report to you; they don't know much of army affairs.

Respectfully,

W. P. SANDERS,

Brigadier-General.

Does the general wish the men who detailed as Law's battery kept together as a company, or to have them sent back to their regiments?

W. P. S.

