
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO,

No. 73. November 8, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

II. Colonel Daniel Leasure, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby detailed for the purpose of collecting from the different convalescent camps, and other points throughout the country, such absentees from the Ninth Army Corps as are fit for duty, and making such arrangements for transportation, clothing, arms, and subsistence as will be necessary to return them in good condition to their commands.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Burnside:

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Fayetteville, Tennessee, November 8, 1863.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the commanding general that I arrived here to-day with two divisions of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and have the two other divisions within 10 miles, coming up early to-morrow.

I have sent cavalry forward to Decherd, with a staff officer to communicate to General Grant my exact position.

Before leaving Iuka I had repaired road forward across Bear Creek up to Caney Creek; had sent two divisions [Osterhaus' and Morgan L. Smith's, under General Blair] to Tuscumbia, driving Stephen D. Lee's cavalry, about 5,000 strong, beyond Town Creek, after several smart skirmishes.

When I had proceeded that far in the literal fulfillment of General Halleck's orders to repair the railroad as I progressed, I received, by a special courier from General Grant at Chattanooga, an order to drop all work east of Bear Creek and march for Stevenson. Instantly I reversed my column, passed the river at Eastport with all the expedition possible, marched eastward till i found Elk River impassable, when I turned in this direction, where Elk is spanned by a fine stone bridge. I am now in position to fulfill any orders General Grant may make, but in case of any delay in receipt of orders, I shall, as soon as my closes up a little, march for Stevenson via Winchester.

