
when about opposite his camp and moving inland. They were over an hour in passing, and were preceded by a large drove of cattle.

The colonel also reports that the enemy's pickets opposite him seem to have decreased in the last day or two.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NOVEMBER 1, 1863.

Statement of Henry Hixon, scout: I left Chattanooga on the 22nd October, crossed the river, and went up the river on the other side; crossed to this side, 3 miles below Harrison's; went next that day to the Cleveland gap, at the foot of White Oak Mountain, turned to the right there, and took the Harrison and Dalton road and went to the house of a Mr. Hughes; remained there two days; went from there up the Harrison road to the rear of Harrison and near the railroad; remained there two days and then recrossed the river.

When I crossed on the 22nd there were but few guards on the river. At the place I was concealed on the Cleveland and Dalton road, I was in plain sight of the railroad. I could see they were moving troops [infantry] in the direction of Cleveland. I could not ascertain the number or whose troops they were, but when I reached Mr. Hughes', I ascertained they were the divisions of Cheatham and Breckinridge. They were transporting these troops on the days and nights of the 23rd and 24th.

Mr. Hughes is a Union man and is frequently among the troops. He informed me whose division they were and where they were going. The officers said they were going to meet Burnside, who was moving down from Loudon on their rear. The troops took the cars at Tyner's Station. I also saw one regiment of cavalry moving in that direction. They struck the Cleveland road to the left of Tyner's Station. Dr. Thomas Roddy, a Union man, who lives at Harrison, has been among the troops all the time and he confirms what Mr. Hughes said in regard to their movements and intentions. Dr. Roddy also informed me that the Georgia Militia had come up to take the place of the troops in your front. He also ascertained from officers that re-enforcements were coming from the coast-where from and what number he could not find out.

There is one regiment at Tyner's Station. One regiment of cavalry do all the picketing and patrolling along the river and in that vicinity of the country. The river-bank is guarded now very closely by the cavalry. Quite a number of them are dressed in your uniform.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 1, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding.

A. T. SNODGRASS,Captain, in Charge of Scouts.

