
moved up to Dallas. It will start in the morning. This will threaten, and may enable us to move a force sufficient to cut the railroad near Cleveland. At the same time batteries of heavy guns are being established on our right, in Chattanooga Valley, to be used against the enemy at the east foot of Lookout.

When Sherman crosses at Bridgeport, Howard will drive the enemy from the west side of Lookout and get possession of the road leading across the foot of the mountain; then join Sherman in his movement up the valley. Thomas will attack vigorously in this valley, and, if the enemy give back, follow them up. Colonel Wilson and Mr. Dana have just started up the Tennessee Valley to see Burnside and give him instructions from me, contingent upon the condition of affairs they may find existing.

Although a large force has gone up the Tennessee Valley that may annoy us, I feel that a decisive movement of the enemy in that direction must prove a disaster to them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, November 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Commander LE ROY FITCH,

Commanding Gun-boat Flotilla, Cumberland River.

The bearer, Captain S. A. Stockdale, assistant provost-marshal, is directed to call upon you for the purpose of stating to you the following facts: A fleet of transports has been loaded at this place with commissary stores, to proceed up the Cumberland to the mouth of Big South Fork, where General Burnside is awaiting them. General Grant telegraphed from Chattanooga [where he now is] some days since to Admiral Porter asking for a convoy. Thus far no gun-boats have arrived here; the transports are ready to proceed. It is of the highest importance that there should be no delay, and hearing that some of your vessels were in the vicinity, Captain Stockdale is dispatched to confer with you in the hope that you will be able to furnish the convoys necessary.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, November 9, 1863.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Major-General Grant directs that the gun-boat Newsboy be provided with all the ammunition and other supplies necessary to put her in condition for service, and that an additional 12-pounder gun, with sufficient number of artillerists to work it, be furnished her for temporary use. You will please cause the officer whom you may designate to execute this order to report to these headquarters the time at which the Newsboy can be got ready to proceed.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

