
NASHVILLE, November 9, 1863-4 p.m.

Maj. Gen. U. S. GRANT:

The transports are in readiness, but no convoy has yet reported. I to-day started Stockdale down the river with a letter to the naval commander at Clarksville, asking him to furnish convoy. What can be done?

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAYSVILLE, November 9, 1863. [Received 10th.]

Major-General GRANT or THOMAS:

Couriers just in from General Sherman; all goes well. I judge he remains for the present at Fayetteville. Anything for him can be sent through from here in about ten hours. He contemplates ordering one division to the neighborhood of Athens to repair railroad back to Columbia.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

BRIDGEPORT, November 9, 1863-10 p.m.

General HOOKER:

I have made my trip to Lookout Mountain and I have found nothing but Ninth Kentucky and part of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry; 6 miles north of that, at the Round Mountain, one regiment of infantry lying in ambush. The best information I can get is that Bragg is running the best part of his force to Charleston, Tennessee Wheeler's command has gone to Cleveland, Tennessee I can't walk, or I would have gone directly there. I will have to have a horse. I am unable to travel. Telegraph where I can get a horse.

C. A. WARREN.

STEVENSON, November 9, 1863.

Major-General SLOCUM:

A mounted reconnaissance, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wooster, along the river at Caperton's Ferry just heard from. Discovered no signs of enemy or any artillery. I believe the story to be exaggerated; still, from the reports of citizens, more than the usual signs of the enemy have appeared at the ferry 6 miles below, yesterday, last night, and this morning, but now all appears as before, cavalry only being in sight. The river is not fordable at any point.

SAMUEL ROSS,

Colonel Twentieth Connecticut.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 9, 1863-2.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General CROOK, Maysville:

The rebels are reported opposite Caperton's Ferry. The general commanding directs that you send Wilder's brigade to that vicinity.

J. J. REYNOLDS,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

