
TULLAHOMA, November 9, 1863.

Colonel ROSS,

Commanding Post, Stevenson:

There is a brigade of infantry on the island opposite Bridgeport. Better notify its commander and Colonel Rogers [of One hundred and twenty-third New York] to keep a lookout to-night at river and see if pontoons are being laid. General Slocum is at Wartrace. Your dispatch has been forwarded. I think the force opposite is cavalry.

If a strong force of infantry threatens, you had better send off all wagon trains and stores, and hold the earth-works and other defenses.

You have telegraphed to army headquarters of course. Telegraph to Anderson and Tantalon.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 9, 1863.

General ELLIOTT:

Concentrate the First Division of Cavalry and move with it to the vicinity of Sparta, Tennessee, or between Sparta and Carthage, where you can best subsist your animals.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Bridgeport, November 9, 1863-7 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Deserters from the Fourth Tennessee, who left Bragg's army on Lookout Mountain this morning, say that Longstreet has left Lookout and has gone to Sweet Water, Tennessee His command in Lookout has been replaced by Walker's, formerly Cheatham's, division. Longstreet, they say, took four divisions to Tennessee and passed Ooltewah Station Thursday last. Walker arrived and took position yesterday. They say there was no considerable force, except the artillery, on Lookout during the time the change was being effected. Other deserters say that Wheeler's cavalry has gone in the direction of Cleveland. Colonel Ross, Twentieth Connecticut, telegraphs that force of rebel cavalry was seen near Caperton's Ferry to-day.

CHAS. CRUFT,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

Have just received a dispatch from General Sherman, dated Fayetteville, Tennessee, November 7,8 a.m. The substance of his communication: There the a.m. of the 7th with two divisions; two more

