
would reach there the 8th. General Dodge is a good ways behind, but will come up with dispatch. Found Elk River so high he could not cross it, and was compelled to come via Winchester and find rations at Decherd. Says he needs horseshoes and nails, and desires me to have an extra supply on hand, so I can supply him.

You are aware that I have been unable to get anything for my own command via railroad, and therefore cannot supply him.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]

CHATTANOOGA, November 9, 1863.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Meigs, Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, with request that, if practicable, horse and mule shoes be sent to Stevenson to meet General Sherman's command.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

General Sherman will need these shoes in order to cross the mountain. I have therefore ordered 20,000 mule-shoes and 10,000 horse-shoes to Winchester to meet him. If this is not best, please inform me, and the order will be changed by telegraph.

Respectfully,

M. S. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Colonel Donaldson will see this request being complied with.

M. C. MEIGS.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND ILLINOIS VOL. MTD. INFTY., Bridgeport, Ala., November 9, 1863.

General CHARLES CRUFT,Commanding at Bridgeport:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your orders and instructions I went with my party of scouts along the south bank of the Tennessee to Caperton's Ferry. Owing to the obstructions that have been placed in the Island Creek road, I was obliged to cross the point of Raccoon Mountain. I then went up the east side of Island Creek and forded it, 1 3/4 miles from its mouth, near Edwards'. From there I passed along the base of the mountain to the bank of the Tennessee, and taking the Island Creek road went directly to Caperton's Ferry.

I found no enemy except small squads of 2 or 3 at a time. Citizens reported that the Eighth Georgia left Caperton's two days before [Sunday]. At Christfield's I found 5 rebel soldiers, who succeeded in making their escape to the mountain. Christfield attempted to do so and was arrested. I found at his house three pieces of fire-arms, which I destroyed. One of my men was afterward fired upon and his horse wounded by some one concealed among the rocks near Christfield's. I have no doubt that organizations are

