
being made for the purpose of bushwhacking. I also arrested a rebel soldier belonging to the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry and a citizen dressed in our uniform.

I could not ascertain the direction taken by the enemy after leaving Caperton's, the citizens either being ignorant or unwilling to communicate what they knew. One of my men reports that he saw a squad of 15 or 20 rebels crossing from the river bottom to the mountain.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

GEO. R. SKINNER,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Scouts, Ninety-second Illinois.

LOUISViLLE, November 9, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

I have just returned to-day, after more than two weeks' absence in execution of orders of General Burnside in regard to his transportation. I have never interfered with transportation to the Army of the Cumberland except in execution of orders of General Rosecrans. No interference by officers in my command known to me, and will see there is none except on your order.

J. T. BOYLE,

Brigadier-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 9, 1863.

Brig. Gen. R. ALLEN,

Chief Quartermaster, Louisville, Ky.:

The road from Corinth to Grand Junction has been abandoned by our forces, leaving the former an isolated post to be supplied by the river Tennessee. They are in immediate want of forage to be sent to Hamburg Landing. Will you please order it.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Fayetteville, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

J. B. BINGHAM, Esq.,Editor Memphis Bulletin:

DEAR SIR: Yours of October 30 overtook me here as I paused for my column to close up. I admit I find it difficult to define clearly my wishes as to the conduct of the press in this department. The insatiable desire for news, startling and piquant, is so great that an editor catering to the taste of the public must prepare his food accordingly.

I believe in freedom as near absolute as is consistent with safety.

I believe in free thought, free thought, free speech, and free press, but the moment we think, we see that each of these freedoms must be limited, else in bad hands they generate discord, confusion, and war, resulting in military rule, despotism, and no freedom at all; thus forming a circle of events which the history of every old nation has exemplified.

You, or any fair man, looking back on the history of our own country for the past forty years, must admit that the press has gradually intensified the feelings of mutual jealousy and hatred between

7 R R-VOL XXXI, PT III

