
practicable for supplies of any kind, and I shall not depend on the Tennessee for supplies for the army in the field. Dodge's division will be supplied from Columbia, Tennessee, and will repair the railroad from Nashville to Decatur. The Fifteenth Army Corps is marching for Stevenson, and will be supplied by the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad. You will therefore make your dispositions accordingly.

Give the chief quartermasters of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Army Corps full power to approve all requisitions, and draw from Saint Louis; limit the amount of supplies up the Tennessee to the small force now there, and in person come round by way of Nashville and join me wherever I happen to be. At Nashville you will hear of my whereabouts.

The Fifteenth Army Corps is entire, and its quartermaster can regulate all matters in that corps, but I want you near my person to keep a general supervision of the whole department. Had I foreseen the difficulty of holding communication back to Eastport, I would have ordered you here in advance; but as it is, I want you to come round as quickly as possible.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Fayetteville, November 9, 1863.

General CROOK, Maysville:

The whole Fifteenth Army Corps is now up, and I move in the morning for Winchester and Stevenson. My aide, Captain Audenried, is also back from Decherd, and I am now in full possession of all of General Grant's orders, including that of the 5th, sent by you. General Dodge will be left at Pulaski, with orders to repair bridges and go to Athens. Please order the company of engineers at Paint Rock Creek back to Bridgeport.

I am, &amp;c.,W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Fayetteville, Tennessee, November 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel ROBERT MACFEELY,

Chief Commissary, Dept.of the Tennessee, Eastport:

DEAR COLONEL: On traversing the country between Eastport and Stevenson, I find the route impracticable as a line of supply. I must depend on the Nashville and Stevenson road. After disposing matters for the supplies up the Tennessee, which must be ample for the small force left there, and giving orders to the commissary how to replace his stores, you will please join me via Nashville, Tennessee, en route acquainting yourself with all data material to your department.

Dodge's command, for the present, will be supplied from Columbia,

