CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*
decision of the Supreme Court, in the case of the
Bank of Augusta against Earle, and other reported
cases, and thereby avoids ail conflict with Siaie ju-
risdiction, which I hold to be indispensably requi-
site.   It  leave:;   the banking   priv.ic-ges of the
States without interference—looks to iho Tica.a- '
ry and the Union—and,   while iarruhing   every
facility to the first, is careful of th; iniciáis i f the  i
las-t. But above a'l, it is created by ¡aw, is amend-  I
able  by lav/, and is repealc-ble by Wv:; and   wed-  ,
ded as 1 am to no   He-ry, bit   looking solely  to  ¡
the advancement oí f:¡;  pulii,;   good,   í  shüll Le '■<
amongst the veiy  fir.-t to urge   its repeal, if u be   ¡
found not to subserve the purpo-e:- and obifcts for '<]
which it may be creattd.   Nor will the plan be
submitted in any overweening   confluence i a  the  i
sufficiency of my own judgment, but   wi'.h   much
greater reliance on the wisdom and   patriotism of  Í
Congress.    I cannot abandon   this subject with-  ;
out urging upon you, in the most emphatic   man-  I
ner, whatever  may be your action on the sugges-  I
tions which I have felt it to be my duty to submit,  I
to relieve the Chief Executive Magistrate by   any
and all constitutional means, from a controlling  •
power over the public Treasui y.    If, in the plan  !
proposed, should you deem it worthy of your con-  j
sideratiou, that  separation   is not as   complete as
you may desire, you will, doubtless, amend it in  ¡
that particular.    For myself, I disclaim all desire  j
to have any control over the public moneys, other  i
than what  is indispensably necessary, to execute  i
the laws which you may pass.                                   I t
Nor can I fail to advert in this connection, to the ¡
debts which many of the States of the Union have [
contracted abroad, and under which they continue ¡I
to labor. That indebtedness amounts to a sum not ;|
less than $209,000.000, and which has been rem- '!
buted to thorn, tor the ir.ost pan, in works of inter- .!
nal improvement, which aie destined to'prove of ;i
vast importance in u'timately advancing their j
prosperity and wealth. For the debts thus contract- ¡j
ed, the States are alone responsible. I can do no ;l
more than expre-ss the belief that each State will !
feel itself bound by every consideration of honor, !
as well as of interest, to meet its engagements with !
punctuality. The failure, however, oí any one !
State to do so, should in no degree affect the ere- ¡
dtt of the rest; and the foreisn capitalists will i
have us just cause to experience a'arm es to all \[
other State stocks, because any one or mors of ihe ¡|
Spates may neglect to proviie with punctually ihe ':[
means ot redeeming their eng8gesn>5nts. Even
such States, should there beany, considering the :¡
great rapidity with which their resources are de- '.'
veloping thenr-tlve?, will no* fail to have the j
means, at no very d.itam day,to redeem their obli- •'
.gallons to the m;tr"ti*t ¡arihing; nor will I '
doubt but that in view of that honorable coniuct ;
which has evermore governed the Stales, and
the peupie of this Union, they wili each and all ¡Í
resort to every 'legitimate expedient, before they .!
will íorego a faithíul compliance with tt-.eir obii- j¡
gations.
From the report of the Secretary   of War, and
other reports accompanying it,   yon   w;.l   be in-
formed of the progre. s waich has been made in tha
fortifications designed for the   protection  of  our   ;
principal cities,  roadstead',   and inland   frontier,    i
during the present   year; together   with then-true  ,|
state and condition.    They will  be   prosecuted  to  |i
completion   with   all   trie exp"d'tion   which the  ¡j
means placed by Congress at  the disposal ct the    ¡
Executive will allow.                                                 :
I recommend particularly to yum consideration  ■ '
that portion of the Secretary's report v .ich  pro-  ¡j
poses the establishment of a ch.iin of miU'aiy potN  '■
from Council Biufi'i. 10 m5 me point on  the  Paci-jc  ,,
Ocean, within  oar limits.     The   ben-fit   hereh;    i
declined to accrue to our citizens er.ga_ed in  the
fur trade, over that wi'dein-sc region, added to the
importance of cultivating tncndiy  rela'tons  wnh   ;
savage tribes inhabiting it, f-r.d at the same tuie of ;
giving protection to our frontier settlements, and of i
establishing ihe means of sale interc mrxe between
the American settlements at the mouth of the  Co-
lumbia river, and those on ihií side ot the Rocky
Mountains, would seem to suggest the importance
¡JÍsar^iügwto effect the recoa men.i!ft'ioii3 upon
this head with as little deUy as may be practi-
cable.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy, will
place you in possession of the present condition of
that important arm of the national defence. Every
effort wili be made to add to its efficiency, and I
ctnnot too s'jongiy urge upon yoo, liberal appro-
priations to that branch of the public service.'' in-
ducements of the weightiest character exist for the
adoption of this course of policy. Oar extended
and otherwise exposed maritime frontier, caiU V. t
protection, to the famisning of which an efficient
naval force is independable. We look to no fo-
reign conqa:'.'s, nor do wj propose -o cn'.or into
competition wiia any other naiion fcr sapiemicy
on the ocian—but ii is due not only fo the honor,
but to the security of the people of the United
S'ates, that no nation should be permbted to in-
vade our waters at pleasure, and subject our towns
and villages to conflagration or pillage. Economy
ia all branches of the public service, is du3 from
all the public agents to the people—but parsimony
alone would suggest the withholding; of the neces-
sary means, for the protection of our domestic fire-
sides from invasion, and our national honor from
disgrace. I wonll most earnestly recommend to
Congress, to abstain from all appropriations for
objects not absolutely necessary; but I take upon
myself, without a moment of hesitancy, all the re-
sponsibility of recommending the increase and
prompt equipment of that gallant Navy, which has
bghted up every sea with its victories, and spread
an imperishable giorv over the country.
The report of the Postmaster General will claim
your particular attention, not only because of the
valuable suggestions which i! contains, but be-
canse of the g'eat importance which, a* cl! tixe-~,
attaches to that in'.eiesting bra;-;. „i ,.;:e paobi
service. The increased expense of tra-i-potting
the mail alosg the principal routes, necessarily
claims the public atten'ion, and ha-- awakened a
corresponding solicitude on the part of the Govern-
ment. The transmission of the mail must keep
pace with those fac.lities of intercommunication
which are every day becoming greater through the
building of railroads, and the application of steam
power—but it cannot be disguised (hat, in order to
do so, the Post Office Department is subjected to
heavy enactions. The lines of commumca'ion be-
tween distant patts of the Union, ari to a great
extent, occupied by railror's, which, in the nature
of tbmas, po-sess a comp etc rr.caop.-!y, a~.id 'he
Department is tceiefore liable to heavy and un-
reasonable charges. This evil is descaed to gieat
increase in future, and some time! -• rseasure may
become necessary to guar! against it.
I feel it my duty to bring under your considera-
tion a p'ac ic? which has grown np ¡n the adminis-
tration of the Government, and which, I am deeply
convinced, ought to bi conected. I allude So the
exercise of the powc, which usage, rather than
reason, has vested in the President, of retrieving
incumbents from office, in order to snbn..a<e
others more m favor wuh ¡he oiorokaat party.
My own conduct, in th's ¡e>pect, has been go-
verned by a conscientious parpóse to exercise the
removing power, only in ca^fs oí unfaithfulness or
inability, or in ¡hose m v.Such its exercise appeared
necessary, in order to dkcountenar.ee and suppress
that spirit of active partisanship on the part of
holders of office, which not or ly rithdrw  the:,:
from the steady and impartial discharge ot their
official duties, but ex-srts an undue and itjurous
influence over elections, and cVsraic- ¡,ie cha-
racter of the Government itse.í, iniST.nch t\i .: ox-
hioits th? Cnief Mag.s'r;.:.;, s-- ctir.i? a ?*:■-,
through hi* agents in. the tccre plot- :: o;;:n v,-o:l>
inj,s i f po'duncl panics.
"in r«pee¡ t.i ue excicno oí th's r.v.-.". i.o.b¡ .g
s'-oaid le 1,-ü v. dis.T-'ios w!, ci •:>>-;• >a:". " b--
rrgaia'm bylaw; i.r.d it i-. o. h gh ; i porit-nce to
ii> ra:n, a-< (',■.: a-~ ro<«¡h;e, ihe s ¡¡suius -."f pet., i-
n,i: iutriests in p.U''tc etee'ioiiS. C >• í ,,ier. ,^ th •
arc&t increase whici has beta iro.'dr ¡;t pub ic ii-
¡tices, in the la>t quarter of a ren.ury, and the nr;-
babiiisy of furihtr increare, we ¡;x,j.- the hazjtd of
witnessing viobnt political ctitcstr, dirm.ed too
often to the single object cf retsiuiitg '.'Use, i y
Stosñ whs sí« ¡it, w t>i>t3tui8g >¡i 5/ ís.'?e v<<to s(e
oat, Under the influence of these convictions', I
|! shall cordially concur in any constitutional naea-
\, seres for regulating, and by regulating, restraining,'
I, the power of removal.
i i I --osgest leí your considera ion the propriety of
¡i making, without futthtr delay, some specific appli-.
;; cruing of the funds detived under the will of "Mr.
i; S.iie-soncf England, for the diffusion of know-
I; lsdge, and which have, heretofore, been v«sted in
i. public stocks, antil such 'ime as Congress should
¡| think proper to give them a specific directum.-
¡i Nor will yoj, I feel confident, permit any abate-
|! meat of the prir.c.pal of the legacy to be made,
■ i should it turn out irut the- stock , m which the in-
!i vesUnen's have been made, have undergone ade-
i, preciation.
|i In conclusion, I commend to your care the inte-
jj rests of this Disttic*, for which you are the excla-
'■ sive iegLlator*.   Considering that this city is the
■   residence of the Government, and, for a large part
; of the year, of Congress, and considering, also,
S  the great cost of the public buildings, and the pro-
1  priety of affording, them at all times careful pro-
tection, it seems not unreasonable ¡hat Congress
should contribute towards the expenses of an effi-
cient police.                             JOHN TYLER.
Washington, December 7,1841.
The message having been read,
Mr. MANGUM moved that the message and
1 accompanying document* be iaid on the table aad
! printed.
I       Agreed to.
;      Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved that 1,500 co-
i  pies of the message with the accompanying doctt-
;  meats, and 3,500 without the documents, be printed
;  for the use of ihe Senate.
!       Mr. BENTON observed that he could not re^on-
II   elle it to himself t j let the resolution pass without
;   m^lo'tig a tew remarks on that part of the message
I,  which related to the new Fiscal Agent.   Loo!jjng\
j'  at that feature of it, as read, he perceived that the \
¡I  President gave an outline of h s plan, leaving it tcr   \j
ii  the   Secretary   of  the  Treasury to furnish the    ^
¡: del ails  in  his  report.   He   (Mr.   Benton) ap-
I1  prehended that nothing   in   those   details   conld
! t  reconcile  him   to the  project, or in any manner
¡t  mot his approbation.   There were two main points
I'  preoented in the plan,  to which he never could
'  agree—both being wholly   unconstitutional  and
,  dangerous One was that of emitting bills of credit,
.  or lssu n  a treasury currency.   Congress had no
;   constitutional authority to issue paper money, or
•:  emit Federal btiis of credit; and the other fea- ,
;    tnre   is   to  authorize   this   Government to deal '
!   in  exchanges.   The proposition to issue bills of
credit, t^hen under consideration at the formation
of the  Constitution, was struck out with thees-
i    press   view of making 'his Government a hard
■    money Government—not capable of recognising
i any ofner thsn a specie currency—a currency of
:   gcid and   silver—a   currency   ino'ta   and   va-
' l-.el, and equally understood by every one.
Bo.', here is a proposition ¡o do what was expressly
, refused to be tllowed by the trainers of the Consti-
., tction—So exercise a power not only not granted
to Construís, bat a power espressly denied. The
next prorosition is to authorize the Federal Go-
vernment to deal in and regulate exchanges,
and to furnish exchange to merehants. This
is a n;w invention—a modern idea of
the po.'-er of this Government, invented by
Mr. Biidie, to help out a National Bank.   Much
■   as General Hamibon was in favor of paper money,
fcjt.-ner went the lengih of recommending Go-
vernment b.Us of ctcdit, or dealings in exchange
"  bv i-e United Sia'es Treasury. The'atbers of the
'•  --hr.rc .  iiac-n, and Joba Randolph, and others,
ru.-ld 'drs a hard  money Government: th?y ob-
iv-cl to 'or.-'!-: o-.per;   but  hi-re  is Government
ra>"'; and   lit it  gtJes b'yond Hamilton,   much
a-'ii-was in   favor of the paper system.     The
:  wlo>   ic'okc   inakirg ibis  C-ovemment a re-
'  «-a la tor ■• f txi hsntre—;'- c'o.tio; i i "xciange—a fur-
.' ^~,>.er of exchange—it aUtirl, unconstitutional,
,;  áñd  pernicious, and is a  few  tail g under the
■! ■'Jpw lio, (Mr. Be:' ¡'-'-> i objected to this Govern-
;! nfr'-i V'cc'nupgsse'^t ¿i txelaBgi to the ooart-
• ' m¡' w' s'Wth fhere ;;■■ no mm eutbsrity Dm
