$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there is lor us lumnhmg transportation of goods I
or country produce. There is not a word
in. the Constitution to authorize it—not a
■word to be found justifying the assumption.
The word exchange is not in the Constitution.
"What does this message propose? Congress
is called upon to establish a. Board with
agencies, tor the purpose of famishing the
country with exchanges. Why should not Con-
gress be also called on to furnish that portion
of the community engaged m commerce with fa-
cilities for transporting merchandise? The propo-
sition is one of the most pernicious natun, and
such as must lead to the moit dang reus conse-
quences if adopted.
The British debt began m tha time of Sir Ro-
bert Walpole, on mués ot exchequer bills—by
"which system the British nation has oeen cheated,
and plunged irretrievably in debt to the amount of
nine hundred millions of pounds. The proposition
that the Government saouid become the i*suer of
exchequer notes, is one borrowed from the sys em
introduced in England by Sir Robert Walpole,
whose Whig administration vas nothing
but a high Tory administration of Glueen
Anne. He (Mr. Benton) had much to say
on this subject, but this was not the time for
entering at large into it. Tms perhaps was
not the proper occasion to say more, nor would
it, he (Mr. Benton) consideren, be treating
ihe President of ¡he United Slates with pro-
per respect to enter upon a prematuie d'irus-
sion. He (Mr. Benton) could not, however, in
justice to himself, allow th.s resolution to pass with-
out stating his objections to two auch oonoxious
features ot the proposed fiscality, looking, as he
did, upon the whole thing as one calculated to
destroy the whole structure of the Government,
to change u from the hard morey it w¿s intended
to be, to the paper mon^y Government ¡t was
intended not to be, and to mix it up with trade,
which no one ever dreamed of. He (Mr. Benton)
had on another occasion sta'ed that this Adminis-
tration would go back not only to the Federal
times of '98, but to the times of Sir Robert Wal-
pole and Q,ueen Anne, and the evidence is. now
before us.
He (Mr. Benton) had only said a few words
on this occasion, becanse he could not let the pro-
position to sanction bill, of credit go without taking
the very earliest opportunity of expressing
his disapprobation, and derounemg a system
calculated to produce the same resu,ts which had
raised the unfunded debt ot Great Britain from
twenty-one millions to nine hundred m llions of
pounds. He should avail himself of the first ap-
propriate opportunity to maintain ihe ground
he had assumed as to the identity ot this po-
licy with that of Walpole, by argumen' and refe-
rences, that this plan of the President'  was utterly
unconstitutional and dangerous—pan borrowed
from the system of English Exchequer issues, and
part from Mr. Biddie's scheme of malting the Fe
deral Government an exchange dealer—though
Mr. Biddle made the Government act indirectly
through a board of bank director-, and this
makes it act directly througn a Board of Treasury
Directors and their agents!
This is the first time that a formal proposition
has been made to ch?nge our hard money Govern-
ment (as it was intended to be) into a paper money
machine; and tt is the first lime that there has been
a proposal to mix it up with trade and commerce,
by making it a furnisher oí exchanges, a bank of
deposite, a furnisher of paper currency, and
an imitator of the old Confederation m i's conti-
nental bills and a copyist of the English Exchequer
system. Bems; the first time these unconstitutional
and pernicious schem s were formally presented to
Congress, he felt it to be his duty to disclose bis
opposition to them at once. H« wou'd soon speak
more fully.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print an extra number of copies of the message aid
documents, and agreed to
On motion of Mr. BAYARD,
The Senate adjourned tul to morrow at twelve
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, December 7,1841.
The annual message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, to the two Houses of Congress was re-
ceived by the hands of Mr. Robert Tyler his Se-
cretary, which having been read—
Mr. WISE said that he believed that the House
was at present without a Committee of the Whole,
owing to the want of rules and order . If there
was such a Committee it would of course be pro-
per to mov the reference of the message and the
accompanying documents to it, but mtheprs*ent
case he would make the same motion that had
been adopted with regard to the message of the
last session. He would move that the mevsige be
laid on the table and punted, and that 10 000 ex-
tra cop es, toge her with the accorapaming docu-
ments, be al<o printed for the use of the House.
Mr. MASON of Ohio would ask the gentleman
if his motion contemplated the printing of  the
prospectus for the Congressional Globe and Ap
pendu, wh.cn he found on the back of the copy of
the message which was laid on his table.
Mr. WISE said he would answer the gentleman.
His motion was distinctly made, and was no doubt
beard by the gen'leman Mr. W. would ask the
Clerk if there was any appendix or any thing ehe
attached to the message just read by him.
[The Clerk replied in the negative ]
It was to print the message of the President of
the United States, which had just been read by the
Clerk. As the inquiry had been made rather
sarcastically by the gentleman, Mr. W. said he
would answer him that the mess-age of the Presi-
dent had no Appendix of the Globe, or any other
appendix, annexed to it, and 'herefore sarcasm or
misrepresentation, or whatever animadvert ions the
gentleman might please to make, would be de-
prived of their effect by the answer of the Clerk.
Mr. MASON observed that some explanation
was necessary, and he was glad that the gentle-
man from Virginia had had an opportunity of
making it He was engaged with the printed copy
which had been laid on his table, m following the
Cleik m reading it, and did not observe from what
message he read On the copy he held, he found
a document annexed as part and parcel of it, sign-
ed by Blair and Rives, recommending the country
to subscribe for their Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix, and the idea naturally suggested itself to
his mind that the same thing was on the message
reíd by the Clerk. These com !,, said he, were offi-
cially laid on our tables by tne officers of the House,
and the inference, therefore, was natural that the no-
tice of Blair and Rives had been annexed to it by
the President's sanction. He accordingly had a
right to ask, when the motion to print was made,
whether it was intended to include this notice
The gentleman might call this sarcasm, if he
pleased; but he looked upon the unprecedented act
of Blair and Rives, m annexing their prospectus
to the message of the President, as an outrage on
the Hou>e
Mr. WISE replied that the document the gentlp-
man held in his hand was the private copy of Blair
and Rives, printed at their office for sale, and that
they had, therefore, the undoubted right to annex
to it any thing they pleased. It was not the oficial
copy of the House nor of the Senate, done by their
Printer^, and paid for by them, but it was the copy
printed by the editors of the Globe, at their own
risk. Hce, said Mr. W. (holding up a pnn cd
copy of the message,) is the document as printed
by Gales and Seaton, tne elected Punters of the
House, and on the back of it, ihe gentleman will
find no prospectus or appendix. He put it to the
honorab e gentleman from Ohio, if he had mfered
tha< the President of the United States ever
sent tint no ice of BUvr and Rives to tne House an-
nexed to hi message? He put that question to
birn as an honorable man, for he krevv that he
was a man cf nor r, d.J he infer it, and u ho did
not, he would a.°k him how that conduct is to be
characterized which would lead others to make
'Ueh inference'
Mr MASON srid that the gentleman ought to
thank him for giving him an opportunity of ma-
lting ihe explanation which he must admit was
highly necessary, otherwise this proceeding might
go to the country in an aspect veiy different from
that in which the explanation placed it. He was
asked if he believed that this document was an-
nexed to the message with the sanction of the
President to which he would answer that he sup-
posed it was surreptitiously placed there. He
was surprised at these editors daung to take such
a liberty with the President of the United
States, and was not sure but that they
might have obtained the sanction of some one
connected with him, who bad connived at their
conduct. He wa3, however, not more surprised
at it, than he was at the strange connections which
bad lately taken place between the President and
his late opponents. He would not say that the
President himself bad given his sanction to the
proceeding to which he adverted, but he was not
satisfied that some one else bad not given it. The
late Printers had certainly taken a great and un-
warrantable liberty in appending their notice to the
President's message, and he thought such conduct
needed some explanation, and an explanation
could not harm any body. Indeed the gentleman
from Virginia ought to thank him for giving htm
an opportunity of making one.
Mr. WISE said that he did thank the gentleman
from Ohio—he thanked hitn sincerely—for his pre-
mature and wanton attack on the President of the
United State , not for giving him the opportunity
of explaining that which required no explanation.
He thanked him for this early manifestation of a
di-posmon to make an attack on the President of
the United States, and would want no better proof
of it than the state of feeling which his inquiry,
and the mode of it, exhibited.
Mr MASON. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask htm a question?
Mr. WISE.   Certainly, sir.
Mr MASON. Will he inform me how it hap-
pened tint these printers became possessed of the
Ptesident's Message so early as to enable them to
have their copy ot it in the House whi'e it was
reading by the Clerk'
Mr. WISE would inform the gentleman that the
message got into the hands of these printers pre-
cisely m the same manner that the messages of
Presidents Jackson, Van Buren, Harrison, and
lyler, always get into the hands of the printers of
the city papers. They were all furaished with it.
Gales and Seaton, as the Printers of the House,
and the Editor of the Madisoman, as Printer of the
Senate, git the message from tne President, and
Blair and Rives got it from one of them, as the prin-
ters of the cuy papers usually extend thatcourvesy
to each other. The paper the gent eman spoke of
was not ihe message of the President; it was Blair
and Rives's private copy of it; and he would farther
tell the gentleman how that copy came to be found
on the tables of members. It was usual, as the
gentleman knew, as soon as the Clerk com-
menced the reading of the message, to lay printed
copies of it on the tables of the members, to
enable them to read it with him if they pleased.
Now in this instance, there not being in the folding
room a sufficient number of copies printed by
Gales and Seaton to give one to each member, the
deficiency was supplied from the copies printed at
the Globe office. This was done by ihe pages as a
ma'ter of accommodation to the members. This
copy of B'air and Rives which the gentleman ad-
vened to, was printed on their own account, and
not by order of the House, and was precisely such
a one as will appear in the gentleman's own village
newspaper. The gentleman mig-it as well get up
next week with a wllage newspaper m his hands,
containing the mess?ge, and complain that it con-
tained also the editor'  remarks and the advertise-
ments of private individuals. As to the Grange
things on the pin of the P.esident, which the gen-
tleman alluded to, hp had no doubt there were
some par's of his official conduct wh>ch had sur-
prised him, but he vomd say to the gentleman
that the charges of treason and perfidy to his party,
which had &o frequently been made against that
high functionary, were about of the same character
with the imputations the gentleman .had thrown
out to day.
[WepubLshed in yesterday's Globe the following
notice;
