GOÍíGBESSIOHAl, GIOBfi.
U
Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Partridge, Pearce, Pen-
die on, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall,
Randolph, Ridgway, R'ggs, Rodney, Russell, Sal-
tonstall, Shepperd, Simonun, Slade, Truman
Smiih, Sollers, Spngg, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton,
Alexander tH. H. Stuart, -John T. Stuart, Sum-
mers, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Richard W
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Tnp-
lett, Trumbull, Underwood, Wallace, Washing-
ton, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams^
Christopher H Williams, Joseph L Wiliams,
Wmthrop, York, Augustus Young, and John
Young—114
NAYS—Messrs. Afherton, Beeson, Bidlack,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. BrowD, Charles
Brown, Burke, Samson H Butler, William O
Butltr, Green W Caldwell, Jo*m Campbell, Clif-
ford, Clinton, Co'es, Cu°hing, Daniel, Richard D
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Do*g, Eastman, John C
Edwards Egbert, Ferris, John G Floyd, Coarles
A F'oyd, Fornance, Gerry, Gilmer, Gordon, Har-
ris, John Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Hous-
ton, Hubard, Hunter, C J Ingersoll, Wm W Ir-
win, Jaek, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Keim,
Andrew Kennedv, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell,
Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay,
Mailory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Matth ws,
Medill, Miller, Newbard, Parmenter, Payne,
Plumer, Prcffit, Reding, Reynolds, Roosevelt, San-
fcd, Saunders, Shaw, William Smith, Snyder,
Sieer rod, S u m'er, S xeen y Jacob Thomp«on,Tur-
ney,Van Buren, Ward, Wa ter on, Weller, Wise,
and Wood—84
Mr. WISE then withdrew h s motion for a divi-
sion, and
The question was taken on the two remaining
branchea of the resolution, and also carried wi fa-
out a division.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland the  submitted
the fo lowing re.olunon, which was considered and
adopte!
Ordered, Tnat a select committee of nine be
apsomted by the Speaker, on the «Jbject of esta-
blishing a national foundry for the fabrication of
ordnance for the use of me array, forts and navy
of theUiited S ates, and for testing nnprovements
and models m that arm of the national defence, and
to report by bill or otherwise
On motion by Mr. WELLER,
Toe House adjourned
IN SENATE,
M 1-day, December 13  1841
The Senate met at 12 o'clock. The journal
having been read,
Tne VICE PRESIDENT informed the Senate
that be was not prepared to announce the standing
committees th^ morning, but hat be would on
to-morrow perform his duty in thi  respect
Mr SEVIER, Senator from Arkansas, appeared
in his «eat to-day, in addition to those already an-
nounced
The VICE PRESIDENT ¡aid before the Senate
a communication from th* Department of State,
in compliance with th% second section of act of
183G making appropna'ion for the civil and diplo-
matic services of Government, showing the expen-
diture  oí this Department for the year ending 30th
November last, which was,
On motion of Mr HUNTINGTON, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed
Also, a communication fiorn the Navy Depart-
m nt, m compliance with the 2J seetion of the act
of 9 h May, 183 o, giving an account of the expen-
dí ures from the contingent fund of that Depart-
ment, fro-n the 30th S°ptember, 1840, to 30th Sep
tember, 1841, whuh was
On motion of Mr MANOTM,
Oideted, To lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from theS cretary of the
Treasury, transmitting copies of the Treasurer;,
account  for the 4th quarter of 1839, and the 1st
and 21 ciuar.ers of 1340, and adjusted by account-
ing officer , which was,
On motion of Mr EVANS, laid on the table,
and ordered to be prmte 1.
Mr. KING gave notice of his intention to astc
¡eavs, on to-morrow, to introduce sundry bills,
among which was a bill to create an additional
land district in the S'ate of Alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the Pres-ident of the Urited States,
transmitting a report from the War Department
resoecting the military and naval deferces of the
country, and relating to the deiences under the
superintendence of that Department; which was,
On motion of Mr MERRICK, laid on ¡he ta-
ble and ordered to be printed
Mr. PRENTISS gave notice that he weald on
to-morrow ask leave 'o introduce sunáry bill , the
titles of which were not heard.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, informing the Senate that that Hou*e
had concurred in the joint resolution for tne ap-
pointment of chapkvns to the two Houses
Also, that th  House of Representatives had
passed a resolution for thp appointment ot a joint
committee, to direct the expenditure of appropria-
tions to the library of Congress, and that tbree
members had been appom'ed on the part of that
House, and asked that a like number might be ap
pointed on the part of the Sena'e.
Mr. CLAYTON moved that the joint resolution
be concurred id; and desired that he might not be
placed on the committee
Trie resolution havmg b:en concorred in, on
motion ot Mr CLAYTON the Vice President
was empowered to appoint the conmute'.
Mr. ARCHER moved that the Senate proceed
to the election of Chaplain to the Senate
Agreed tc.
The Senate having gone into an election, it ap-
peared that 34 balletb had been given id, of which
the
Rev. Mr. Tustin received          -           -   28
Rev Mr. Gurlet          -           -           -     3
Rev Mr. Clark             -           -           -     2
Rev Mr   Bolfincr       -           -                  1
The VICE PRESIDENT accordingly declared
that the Rev Mr Tustisi w?s elec ed
On motion of Mr   EVANS,
Resolved, That a Corctritt-e on Engrossed BifU
be appointed m pursuance of the joint rule of the
two Houses.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the CHAIR wa  em-
powered to appoint said committee.
Mr. WHITE gave notice tnat he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce sundry oil's, among
which was a bill making appropriations for the
completion of the Cumberland Road through the
States of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois
Mr FULTON, Mr PIERCE, Mr WIL-
LIAMS, Mr WOODBURY and Mr PRENTISS,
severally gave veibal notice that they would, on
to morrow, ask leave to introduce sundry bills the
titles of which could not be hca'd in the gallery
Mr MANGUM gave not ce that hs rould, on
to morrow, a«k leave to introduce a resolution for
the appointment of a s'anding committee bv the
Senate, to report trorn t me to time upon he pro-
priety of printing such matter as may be preset ted
to the Ssnite. He ¡=aid his object was to prevent
the printing of any ma ter which was not neces ary.
Mr LINN said if it was the gentlem?n's in en
tion to prevent unnecessary prmang, he conld get
at the matter better by ve't.ng discretion in the
standing committees to select, from such matter s
was referred to them, that which they d emet
necevarj, and ask the Senate to hive it
printed from time to time His rnend vojld
see the propriety of not subjecting ihe s Hnd
in? committees to (he surveillance of the c m
mitiee the gentleman intends to a^k ihe Senate
to appoint He merely threw out out the sug-
gestion to the g°ntleman, wi h the hx pe that it
wou'd meet the object he hal in contemplat on
Mr KING ,nouned ot the S na'or from Nv.rtn
Carolina, [Mr Mahgom] whether be undersooi
him to accept the sugge ion of the Senator from
Missouri, Mr   Linn
Mr. MANGUM had no doubt the mattti c old
be satisfactorily adjusted. The suggcsfon of the
gentleman however, though he thought favorably
of it, was a matter for consideration. It had oc-
curred to bim that the documents were too volu-
minous, and the printing of many unnecessary.
On motion of Mr LINN, there being no further
business before the Senate,
The Senate  adjonrned   till  to-morrow at  12
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 13, 1841.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Tee SPEAKER announced the following Stand,
mg Committees
Comnattfe of Elections—Messrs Halsled, Blair,
Cravens, Benjamin Randall, Borden, Barton, Tur-
ney, Hous'on, and Reynolds
Committee of Ways and Means —Messrs. Fillmore,
Bolts,Samson Mason, Wallace, T F. Marshall, J.
R Ingersoll, J W. Jones, Atherton, and Lewis
Committee of Claims.—Messrs Giddings, Os-
borne, Cowen,Tomlm«on, Arnold, Hubard, Burke,
J. W Williams, and Medill
Committee on Commerce.—Messrs. Kennedy,
Winthrop, Toland, J C Claik, Ravner, Allen, S.
J Andrews, T W. Williams, and Fern7.
Committee on Publto Lands—Messrs. Morrow*
Lewis Williams, Truman Smith, Gentry, Bron-
son, Howard, Casey, Brewster, and Jacob Thomp-
son.
Committee on the Post Office aad Post Roads.—
Messrs Bnsgs Joseph L Williams Russell,
Brockway, Owsiey, Hopkins, Andrew Kennedy.
John G. Floyd, and Piutner.
Committee for the District of Columbia—Messrs,
Underwood, Summers, Alexander Randall, Powell,
Richard W. Thompson, John Campbell, Ward,
Dawson, atd Bidiack
Committee on the Judiciary—Messrs Barnard,
Trumbull, Pearce, Maxwell, Thomas. F. Foster,
Milton Brown, Chas. J Ingersoll, Roosevelt, and
Saunders.
Conmitlee on Revolutionary Claims —Messrs.
Hall, P. G Goode, Triplelt, Thos J Campbell,
Ma^narJ, Washington, Javes, Parmenter, and W.
O Goode
Committee on Public Expenditures —Messrs Shep-
perd, Lian, Hudson, John T Stuart, Meriwether,
Green, Clinton, Li'flefield, and McClellan.
Committee on Prívale Lane. Claims—Messrs.
Moore, A H. H. Stuart, John Young, Wm. C.
Juhnson, R. D Davis, Cross, Turney, Payne, and
Charles Brown.
Committee on Manufactures.—Mezsrs Saltonstall,
TilliDghast, Rant olph, Slade, Hunt, Henry, Haber-
sham, Aaron V Brown, and P C Ca'dwell.
Committee on Agriculture —Messrs Deberry.Ridg-
way, Simonton, Mattocks, DJig, Shaw, Edwards,
Partridge, and John Hastirgs.
Co nmiltee on Lidian Jlffairs —Messrs. Cooper,
druthers, Chittenden, bolters, W Butler, Wal-
ter on, Harris, Weller, and John C Edwards.
Committee on Military Affairs — Mesffta Stanly,
Pe dleton, G ggin, William B. Campbell, Stokely,
Wm O Bui'er, Sumtet, M'llei.asd J T.Mason.
Comm ttee on the Mih'ia —Mes rs Keim, Coles,
Ward, Bijd.S H Butler, Reding, Alfred Mar-
scall, Sweeny, and Houston
Cotnnuie* on Mvil Affairs—Messrs. Wise,
King Calnoun, J>bn C. Claik, Buinell, Fe&jen-
den, Graham, Mal'or}, and Clifford
Committee on Foreign affairs — Messr? John &.
Adams, Cas' lia, Everett, VV. C Johnson, Gran-
ger, G Imer, Hunter, Rhett, and Promt.
Comm ties on the Territories —Messrs Pope,
Crnstoph r II William*, Garret Davis, Sollers,
Ga e-, Green, Calda ell, Hays, Dean, and Charts
A  Floyd
Cor ¡miles on Revolutionary Pensions—Messrs.
Taliafer>-o, Rodney, Suley N. Clarke, Mathiot, L.
W Andre* , Babcock, Matthew , Fornance, and
Wm   Smi h
Committee on Invalid Pensions —Messrs Morris
Aycrigg Baker, Gordon, Straiten, Isaac D. Jones,
Doan, Sanford, and Augustus Young.
Committee on Roads and Canals —Messrs, Law-
rence, Lane, John B Thompson, W. W. hwin,
Spngg, Steenrod, Wood, Dafliel, and R'ggs
Committee on Patents—Me si-. R McClellan,
Cranston, Gerry, Ramsey, and Sanford.
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds —
Messrs Boardman, Ward, Augustas Young-,
Cranston, and Bowne.
