ti^^Mfc^ÉMi^iMMa^irrrBMfMia^fitiirrif MnMtnTirfiij'rtu i ■ ■tlrr>É.iiiHiMWiiiii «iiifir*Tí>ii>T'niUiBgif.«jjrÉi.gij^i*i*«'rti*rrr ,ié, >.........
Messrs. Baker, Borden, Coles, Cranston, Daw-
son, Hall, Hudson, Irwin, Lowell, Roosevelt,
Tillinghast, and Ward—voted for the Rev. Mr.
Hawley.
Messrs. CUSHING, WARD, and ROOSE-
VELT, who were appointed tellers, reported the
result of the vote as follows:
Whole number of votes .       .       .193
Necessary tu a choice     .       .       . 100
Of which—
Mr. Maffitt received     .    * .       . 133
Mr. Hawley          ....    12
Mr. French.....53
So the Rev. Mr, Maffitt, having received
a majority of all the vote?, was dec!ared duly
elected Chaplain on the part of the House for the
present session.
Mr. GUSHING moved that the House adjourn,
but withdrew the motion at the request of—
The SPEAKER, who presented to the House
sundry Executive communications, of which we
have only been enabled to obtain the following:
1.  A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of the number of small arms of
every kind which belong to the United States, and
are in the several arsenals and depots, incladi; g
those in (he use of the army; the number lost or
destroyed annually; and also the number annually
manufectured at each of the National Armories,
&c; made in obedience to a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 2d September last; which
letter and report were ordered to lie upon the
table.
2.  A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting statements of the expenditure of the con-
tingent fund of the Department, prepared in obe-
dieace to the second section of the act making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year 1836; which letter and
statements were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lie Etpendiiures.
3.  A lefer from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a report in relation to certain msol-
Tent debtors of the United State?, pursuant to the
eighth section of the act of March 2, 1831; which
letter aad report were ordered to lie on the table.
4.  A letter from the Clerk of the House of Re-
presentatives, transmitting she statements which he
is required by the act of May 9,1836, to lay before
Congress at the commencement  of each annual
í    session, of the expenditures for the preceding year
i from the fund appropriated for the contingent ex-
penditures of the House; which letter and report
!     were referred to the Committee of Accounts.
I         5   A letter from the Secretary of ihe Navy trans-
I mittins; the accounts of the expenditures on account
of the contingent expenses of the officers of the
I     Secretary   of the Navy and  the Navy Cornmit-
|     sioners for the year ending September 30, 1841;
!     which letter and statements were laid on the table.
I         On motion of Mr. BARNARD,
!        Tne House adjourned.
i                                 IN SENATE.
f                     Tuesday, December 14, 1841.
I         The Senate met ai 12 o'elock.
i         A message  was received from the House, in-
i     forming the Senate of the election of the Rev. John
I     Newland Maffitt to   the   Chaplaincy   ef   the
t     House f"r the preient session of Congress.
I         Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Thomas
I     Fillebrown, jr. formerly a clerk in the Navy De-
s-     partment, praying the payment of the balance as-
\     certained to be due him on a suit instituted by the
U      United Slates  to recover moneys received by him
i      in the disbursement of the Naval Hospital fund:
referred to ihe Comtni tee on Claims.
d         Also the- petition of Daniel Palmer, a soldier in
g      the late war with Great Btitain, praying that the
jl      Secretary of war may be authorized to employ him
3      in the recruiting service, in consideration of an in-
I      jury reseived in the discharge of his duty: referred
J      to the Committee on Military Affair?.
|         The PRESIDENT pro tern- laid before the Se-
■ |      nate a report from the Secre'ary of the Treasury,
Í      in compliance with the act of 21 March, 1831, for
'¿      the relief of certain insolvent debtors of the United
1     S'a'es, showing the amount due, the names of those
|      who have been released, with the terms of com-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
promise, &c.: referred, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department of
War, in compliance with the second section of
Civil and Diplomatic bill of 1836, accompanied by
abstracts of expenditures from the contingent fand
of that Department, ending 30th September, 1841:
referred, and ordered to be printed.
The President  protempore announced to the Se-
nate the Sianding Committees, as follows:
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Rives, Preston,
Buchanan, Tallmadge, and Choate.
On Finance.—Messrs. Evans, Mangum, Wood-
bury, Bayard, and Berrien.
On Commerce.—Messrs.   Huntington,    Wood-
bridge, King, Barrow, and Wiight.
On,   Manufactures.—Messrs. Simmons, Archer,
Miller, Buchanan, and Morehead.
On agriculture.—Messrs. Linn, Bates, Barrow,
Smith of Connecticut and Sturgeon.
On Military Affairs.—Messrs. Preston, Merrick,
Benton, Archer, and Pierce.
Oft the Militia.—Messrs. Phelps, Fulton, Smith
of Indiana, Williams, and McRoberts.
On Naval Affairs.—Messrs. Mangum, Archer,
Williams, Choate, and Bayard.
On Public Lands.—Messrs. Smith of Indiana,
Tallmadge, Walker, Huntington, and Prentiss.
On Private Land Claims.—Mtssis. Henderson,
Linn, Tappan, Fulton, and Dixon.
On Indian Affairs.—Messrs. Morehead, White,
Sevier, Phelps, and Benton.
On Claims__Messrs. Graham, Wright, Wood-
bury, Woodbridge, ard Phelps.
On Revclttticnary Claims.—Messrs. Dixon, Clay-
ton, Smith of Connecticut, Allen, and Culhbert.
On the Jadiaiary.—Messrs. Berrien, Clayton,
Prentiss, Walker, and Kerr.
O.i the Post Offke and Post Roads.—Messrs.
Merrick, Simmons, McRoberts, Mouton, and Mil-
ler.
0,1 Roadt and Canals —Messrs, Porter, White,
Young, King, and Cuthbert.
O.i Pensions—Messrs. Bates, Pierce, Allen,Gra-
ham, and Sevier.
On the District of Columbia.—Messrs. Bayard,
King, Kerr, Young, a'id Rives.
On Pa'ents and the Patent Office—Messrs. Pren-
tiss, Porter, Henderson, Moutun, and Sturgeon.
On the Public Buildings__Messrs. Kerr, Fulton,
and Evans.
On the Librarij.—Messrs.-Preston, Tappan, and
Chrate.
On. Engrossed Sills —Messrs. McRoberts, Miller,
and Sturgeon.
On Enrolled Bills.—Messrs, Porter and Wil-
liams,
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses —
Messrs. White, Tappan, and Porter.
He said, as was usual, the first named of each
committee would act as chairman.
On motion of Mr. MOUTON, it was ordered
that ihe petitions of Littleton Bailey, Marcellus
Jassin, and Margaret Dev-il, on the files of Senate,
be severally referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, it was ordered
that ihe memorial of Caspsr W. Weaver be
taken from ihe files, and referred to the Committee
on the D.stuct ot Columbia.
Also the petition of John H. Stone, to be taken
from the files and referred to the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, it was
ordered that the petition of Francis Vigo be taken
from ihe files, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of Mary
Chamberlain, widow of Benjamin Chamberliin,
deceased, a Revolutionary soldier, praying a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee oa Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was ordeied
that the petition oí Irving Shnbrick be taken fn m
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
Charles Larabee, late a major in the army of the
United States, praying for arrearages of pension,
and increase of present rate: referred to the Com-
mittee oa Pensions,
Jl
10
ftni'imiirtwwtmn-n^ iiirfiwnii^iiriinir>,«iimi>Kám>ffii'   i     ir   <Mi'imn  *i 11 ,          .^
Mr. RIVES presented the petition of William
R. Porter and William Sounders, praying to-be
relieved from the payment of a judgment obtained
against them av sureties of William Eustis, a pay-
master during the late war with Great Britain: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from the
General Assembly of the State of Alabama, pray-
ing that a tract of land lying in Jackson county, in
said State, may be attached to the land district -on
the establishment of a land office adjacent to saifl
tract, within the late Cherokee purchase: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING, on leave, and agreeably to notice,
introduced a bill to establish an additional land
district in the State of Alabama; which was read a
fir t, and by unanimous consent the second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a b.ll for the lelief of Caroline Clitherell,
widow of Dr. George C. Clitherell, late a surgeon,
in the army of the United States; which was in
like manner read and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, a bill for the relief of Jubal B. Hancock;
which was io like manner read and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.                       -    .
Mr. WILLIAMS, a^ieeably to notice heretofore
given, on leavf introduced a bill to provide for the •
settlement of the claims of the State of Maine for
the sei viceó of her culms; which was read the first
and (by unanimous c.nsent) the second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PRENTISS, ii like manner, introduced a
bill for the establishment of a Board of Commis-
sioners to hear and examine claims-against the
U"i!ed States: referred to. the Committee on
Claim.3.
Also, a bill for the relief of John McCloud.
Al o, a bill tor the relief of Margaret Barnes,
the wiiow of Elijah Barnes.
Al'o a bill granting a pension to David Waller;
AKo a bill granting a pens on to Parmelia Allen,
widow of the late Samuel Allen, a soldier of the
Revolution ; which bills were severally twice read,
and referred to the CommiUee on Pensions.
Messrs. LINN, MERRICK, BARROW,
PIERCE, FULTON, BKRRÍEN, KING,
WHITE, PORTER and WOODBURY gave no.
tice that they would ask leave to introduce sundry
bills, the titles of which were not heard.
Mr. PIERCE, on teave, and agreeably to notice
heretofore given, introduced a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Daniel Pettibone; which was specially
read twice, and, with acompanyins papers, refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a bill for the relief of Joseph Basselt; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Collins;
Also, a hill to provide for allowance of Invalid
Pensions for certain Cherokee warriors under the
14th article of ihe ireaty of 1835; which were se-
verally lead twice and referred to the CommiUee
on Pensions.
Mr. FULTON, en leave, and agreeably to no-
tic? given, introduced a bill allowing drawback
upon foreign merchandise exported in original
packages to"Caihuahna and Santa Fe in Mexico;
wh'ch was read twice by special order and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a bill for the relief of John Smith of Ar-
kansas; which was in bke manner read and refer-
¡ed to die Cornea tee on Public Lands.
I       Mr. BEHRIEN, <n leave, and agreeably to no-
!   tice, introduced a bill to provide for  the payment
i   of the claims of Geo'gia, for moneys  advanced on
i   account of expenses it.c-J.red in calling out nnlma
I   in cases of emergtney, for iuppressiDgIndian hostili-
ties in Florida aid Alabama, and to protect the citi-
zens of Geoigia from certain aggression and ravages
of the Creek and Seminole Indians; which was read
twies by special order, and referred ¡o the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr WHI t'E, on leave, and agreeably to notice,
introduced a bill granting a pen-ion to William
Abo', a bill for the relief of Mary Prettyman,
"aI^o a bill for the relief of Samuel Craftonj
which were severally read the first, aad by special
