16
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
order the second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions
Mr. WOODBURY presented the petition of
Hannah Spnn?, formerly the widow of Jedediah
William, praying an increase of pensien. Refeired
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petitions of Sarah Rendell, Polly
Lord, and Anna Welch, widows of Revolutionary
officers and soldiers, praying an extension of pen-
sions be granted. Referred to tne Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of Abigail Faltón and others,
widows of certain officers, seamen, and marines
belonging to private armed vessels of the United
Slates, praying the continuation of pensions for-
merly granted to them. Referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, the petition of John S. Harris, of Provi-
dence, Rhode I&land, tor certain allowance for his
services in taking the sixth census. Referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Samuel Brown, naval offi-
cer for the distnct of Pr ividence, for compensa-
tion for addiUonal dutieb irt  the  execution oí his
office, which  were required by  instructions from
theTreasuiy Department. Referred to the Co.nmU-
tee on Commerce
On motion of JVr WOODBURY, it wis
Oideied,   That  tne petitions  oí  Berjamia   L
Carleton be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the  Committee on Pens.ons, and the
petition of Nathaniel Garrison be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr WOODBURY, on leave, and agreeably to
notice heretofore given, introduced the fol'owmg
bills, which were read the first, and by special or-
der the second time, aid referred, as follows,.
A bill for the relief of Mary Neíle, the widow
of Samuel Neale. Referred to tlu Committee on
Pensions.
A bill placing Charles Yeaton on the priviteer
pension fund. Referred to die Committee on 1 en-
sions.
A bill to increase fh" piy of certain officers cf
the revenue cutter service, whilst ser/ing n the
navy of the United States. Referred to 'he Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill for the relief of Mary Green, widow   of
Samuel Green, deceased.   Reteired to the  Com
mittee on Pensions
A bill to place Claries Green en the puvateer
penhionlist. Referred to the Comirittee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. MANGUVT, in accordance v itli the no-
tice he gave yes, erday, prtsen vd the following íeso-
lution:
Resolved, That a s'ai'mg comí i tee of th  8'-
mte be appointed, to whom bha ' be rererrcd every
question on pricing ot dfcum n' , rcfiris, oi
other matter irati&hutted by eith.tr < f the Executive
Departments, and alt tremoml-, pen ions ac<or -
panymg documents, together wi h a'l oiher matter,
the priming of which shull be niov^d, excepting
bills originating id Cjns¡re«, rcsola'ions c fluid by
any Senator, anJ motions to print, by oiJer of the
s'andmg committees ot me Sena c, of lepor s
documents oro her matter peitain ug to thesuD-
jeets referred to such comma ee, by the Senate,
and it shall be 'he duty of such commit ec on
printing to repot m every cabe, in on^daj,or
sooner, if practicable
Mr MANGUVI cbs-rved that l.e upposcd the
resolution Wuuld, in conformity to t^e ru'e, have
to lie over one day, if thrre stab any o'jecticn
made; but as he be'ieved the " won I be no oppo-
sition to l , he hope 1 it m gin be considered forth-
with. He had sho#n it to some Senates, at wh re
suggebtions he had ma !t a'terations, exeep mg from
its operations the regu ar tusin ss teports rf bills,
resolutions oí standing committ es, resolution^ of-
fered by Senaio s&c 1h"tesigncf ih re olution
was to submi' to tht committee all documents from
the Departments; not, oí course, including Exern ive
communications u ual'y ordered to be punted
Exceptions were also made in legard to matters
submitted to the standing committees, whicn t'°ey
might recommend to be punte 1. The object oi
the resolution was altogether of an economical na-
ture, and to prevent ths unnecessary expense of
printing voluminous documents of to general, or
of mere local interest.
Mr. TAPPAN called for the reading of the reso-
lution again.
Mr. MANGUM had no wh to press its adt p-
tion to-day. He therefore .noved that it lie over
till to-morrow, and be pr.nted.
Agreed to
Mr. BARROW submitted the following, which
lies over til! to-morrow, v z:
Resolved, Tnat the Secretary of tie Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate what amount of pub-
lic lands are now surveyed and prepared for mar-
ket in the State of Louisiana. Also, what amount
of lands in said State have been advertised í r
sale by proclamation, and the sales afterwards sus-
pended.
Mr. LINN snbmi'ted the following resolution,
which he wished to lie on the table till to morrow,
viz
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire nto the expediency of making
an appropriation to improve the navigation ot the
Ohio, M ss ssippi, ard Missouri rivers, by the re-
moval of snags sunken tress, and other obstruc-
tions m their beds which annually dtslroy a great
number of teamboats and other water craft, and
a va«t amount of produce and merchandise.
Oi motion, the Senate ihen proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive bismcss, and, after a «hcrt
session therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, December 11, 1841
The Journal of yesteiday was read and ap-
proved.
Petitions and memorials were ca'led for m the
order of the States and Territories, and were pre-
sented by the following irember"
FtomMawe— Mesáis LOWELL CLIFFORD,
RANDALL. FESSENDEN, LITfLEFIELD,
and BRONSON.
[Mr. Lowell presented the pe ition of Slas
Hardy and other citizens of Swan's Island Pla"1 a-
tion, m the county of Hiicock, Mane, praying
for the establishment of a mail rou e, or po tn ad,
fiom Sedgewiek to said place, «hich was referred
to the Committee on tne Post Offbe and Pust
Roadb ]
Mr. LOWELL gave not ce that he would on to
morrow, or as soon a* it should Le m order to do
so, ask leave to in rodnce a bul to provide for the
pa) meat of the claim of the S'a'e of Mame fer the
services oí ber militia in d te dug tie Norther t-
ern frontier of ihe United Sutes m ihe year 1839.
A'so, a bill for the relief of Robert Ramsay, and
a bill for hj relief of William Pool
From New ilamvshue—Vlos-rs SHAW,
BURÍCE, and EASTMAN
[Mr S uw presented the pet tion of Abraham
Moinll, or Brim-rood New Ha-np-h re, prt.y.ng
that conpens-uion may bo allowed him for a Iocs
bus aintd in furnishing c'o hing, b> contract, for the
Government o" the Un ted S at s, during the last
war ]
[Mr. EisTMti pre ented ti e petition of Natha-
niel Dormán an 1 otner , ?nd of J Wingate and
others for mail íoutts tí John V. Bairon and J
H Kelley for remuneration, cf Samjel Dicey „nd
Isaac Runna's tor pens oís, al o, suadry other pe-
titions (or various ohjti, -• J
Frcm Mma'kuselh —Messrs CU3HING,
ADAMS, WIN IHROP SALTÓOS TALL, BUN-
NELL, and BORDEN
Mr. GUSH NG ¿ave r.o ic that he would a«k
lea.e hereafter to bring > a hi 1 lor tre relief of
claimants for Freí en  po a'ions prior to 1800.
[M . Adah's (amurg-, a vast r amber oí Abo-
lition and o her petition1) p.esen eu a pe 110a from
sundry c t zen  oí Hamilton co Ohio piaying theie-
peal ot th 31st rul", an! also tnat Congress v ou d
pass no rule or order st gmati-ing ¿ jol.tion p tUions,
or rnaUirg any di tincti a between then and other
petitions, which pe'tlion Mr A. moved to rtíer lo
to a Select Committee, consisting of nine members,
wi h instructions to report a resolution repeating
said rule ]
t     [Note —Ihe 91st rule js in the following words;
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other papet
praying the Abolition of slavery in the D'stnct of
Columbia, or any State or Territory, or the s ave
trade between the States or Territories of the
United States in which it now exists, ihall be re-
ceived by this House, or entertained in any way
whatever "]
The SPEAKER said the instructions could only
be entertained by general consent.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected.
Mr AD<VMS Ihen modified his motion so as to
simply refer the petition to a Select Committee of
nine membsrs; and asked the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to ¡ay the motion
to refer on the table.
Mr. JAMES a^ked the yeas and najs thereon,
which were ordered.
The yeas and nays were  taken, and resulted as
follow :
YEAS—Messrs LandafFW Andrews Atherton,
Barton, Beeson, Bialack, Bovd, Aaren V Brown,
Milton Brown, Burke, S H Butler, William But
ler, William O Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Pa-
trick C Caldwell, Thomas J. Campbell, Clifford,
Coles, Cross, Daniel, Dean, D°berry, Eas'm n,-
John C. Edwards Charles A. Floyd, Ge ry, Gil-
mer, Gogs;in, Wihiam O Goode, Graham, Haber-
sham, Hafs, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard,
Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson, Keimr John P. Ken-
nedy, King, Abraham McClellan, McKay, ¡Vlal-
lory, Marchand, J. T. Mason, Mathews, Medill,
Meriwether, Millar, Moore, Newhard, Payne,
Peaice, Powell, Profit, Rayner, R dins, Reyrolds
Rhett, Riggs, Saunders Shaw, Slvpperd, William
Smiih, Snyder, Sollers Spring, Staoly, Steenrod,
Sumter, Sweney, Tahalío, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Underwood, Van Bu en, Ward, Washing-
ton, Watterson, Weller, W'stbrock, James W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, C"n^topher H Wil-
liams Joseph L. Will am , and Wise—87
NAYS—Me-srs Adair , Al'en, Sner ock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Ayor ge, Babcocit, Bi ker, Bar-
naid, Blair, Boardman, Bott , Bosns Br^v-ter,
Brings, Bronson, Burnel!, Ca houn, Cas y, Chit-
tenden, John C Clark, Coope , Cowen, Craistcn,
Cravens, Cusmng, R'chard D Davx , Doig, John
Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Fern , Fe end r, Fdl-
more, John G Floyd, A Lawrence Fo ter, Gates,
Giddmgs, P. G Goode, Gianser, Hal1, W. S.
Ha-tmgs, Henry, Hcvard, Hi'd^on, Hunt, Jos.
R. Ingersoll, James Irvm, William W Irwin,
James, Andrew KeLnedy, Lawrencf, Linn, Litilf-
field, Lowell, Robert McClellan, McKeon, Alfnd
Marshal!, Tnoma^ F \iar-rall, Sam on Mason,
Mathio', Mattocks, Maynird Morris, Morrow,
O'iver, O borne, Parmeiivr, Pirtrid<re, PcndletoD,
Plumer, Ramsey, B> njamm Rs-t 'al , R ndolpta,
Ridaway, Roose^'t, Russ«ll, S^l'on tali, Sanford,
S mont n, S ade, TiumanSrrn i, S ¿tton, Tilling-
hast, Toland, Toi.hnsorj, Trnmtu 1 Wallac ,
Ti.omas W. Wilhan.', Wwthrop, Wocd, York,
and Augustus Youns-— 92.
So the mot on was not laid en the tao e
And the question r currmg on h moiioi of
Mr. Adams to refer the petition to a select com-
mit'ee —
Mr. RIIETr mov-d a call of 1 2 Hou  , which
was ordered
And Ihe roll being ca ed, IS"? j-embers answered
to their names.
The names ef the ab eilee were then called,
and 193 meir bers app ar' J 'o be pre i it.
Mr CALHOUV movej lhat a I.uriher proceed-
ing  on tl.erp«l      ( lsperivd V1 n
Mr CAMPBELL of Suuíi Carohi i cai'sd for
the y?as and na's nihs qaeeticn, whi h were or-
derf J, and resulted m yeas 9U nays 9a, as foi-
lo v
YEAS—llessr ^da  s Aln, Lar. 'aff W.
Andrew , Snerlock J Andrews, Arro'd, A)cnge,
Babcock, Baktr, Barmrd, B.itm, Btes^n, Bid-
lack, Blair, Boardman, Bord n, Bowne, Briggs,
Bronson, Burnell, S.mnson H But er, Calhoun,
Casey, Childs.Chittend n, John C Clark, Ooop°r,
Cowen, Cranston, Craven , Cushin?, Richard
D. Davib, Dog, J hn Edwards Egbert, Evere t,
Ferns, Fessenden, Fillmore, A Lawrence Foster,
Gates, Giddmgs, Patrick G. Goode, Granger, Hall,
