CON &RE88IONAI< £ M>BE.

*s?
,-ff---1------,.,,.....................,.,.,------H------------1~W.~~-----". i .MAtT ..i-l-T!.  ,l\^. S.MA.
BY BLAIR AND EIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PEE SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sbss.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1841.
VOLUME 11 ••••Mo. g.
Coraíñuwii /rom JVo. 1.
Halsted, William S. Hastines, Howard, Hudson,
Pant, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, William
W. Irwin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lawrence,
Linn, Littlefieid, Lowell, McKecn, Mattock?, Max-
well, Maynard, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, P.'r-
trtdge, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Ramsay, Beniamra
Randall, Ridgway, Roosevelt, Rassel, SattousUll,
Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Sollers, S'ratton
Richard W. Thompson, Tillmghast, Tomhn^on,
Trumbull, Underwood, Wallace, Westbrock,
T'íoinaí W. Williams, Winthrop, and Augustus
Young —90.
NAYS — Mes«r«. Atherton, Botts, Boyd, Brew-
ster, Aaron V. Brown, Barke, William Btu'e.% '
William 0. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, PaficK
C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Thomas J. Camp-
bell, Clifford, Coles, Cross, Daniel, Garrett Das?.1;,
J)ean, Deberry, Eastman, John C. Edwards, John
O. Floyd, Charles A. Fioyd, Fornance, Thomas
F. Foster, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, William 0.
Goode, Gordon, Graham, Green, Habersham, John
Has'mgs, Hays, Hopkins, Honck, Houston, Ha-
ted, Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew
Kennedy, King, Lewis, Abraham McCiellan, Ro-
' bsrt McCiellan, McKay, Mallory, Alfred Marshall,
Matthews, MedilJ, Meriwether, Miller, Moore,
Ne#hard, Oliver, Parmenter, Payne, Pendleton,
Pre-fñt, Rayner, Redmg, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs,
Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, William Smith, Sny-
der, Spr.gs?, Stanly, S eenrod, Sumter, Sweney,
Tahafer'O, Jicob Thompson, Toland, Van Buten,
WashiGg'o'i, Watterson, Welles James W. Wil-
' haras,  Lewis    Williams,   Jo-eph   L. Williams,
Wm, Wood, and Ybrke__90.
Ihe CHAIR vo'ed m ihe affirmative, so that the
motion was carried.
So fuithcr proceedings on the call were dtspeased
' with.
And the question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Adams—
Mr. MERIWETHER rose to a question of or-
der, and; ubrmtted that the motion of Mr, Adams
wa~ not no v in order, on the ground that the 55 h
rule req ii'ed ¡hat all petitions, memorials, iesjiu-
"tipns, &e which gave rise to a debate, should lie
over for one day. Mr. M. here read the rule for
the 'nformation of tne House.
r.ie SPEAKER =aU that the tvotion of ^Jr.
Adi-vis to refer the pMit' n vtí in oíd t; but if the
g«llenan from Georgia [Mr. Meriwether]
avuw d his wiah :o déjate the question on the ¡no-
tion of referenc , the petition would he over.
Mr. MERIWETHER said he certainly intended
to debate it.
The SPEAKER said the petition would then go
ove''unless the House should otherwise order.
Mr. WISE subra'ttffd to the Speaker whether
the petition would no'go overa  a matter ofcoirse,
unless the rule were suspended by a vote ot tvro-
ttads.
Tee SPEAKER so decided.
Sir. ADAMS thereupon observed fh-ii the
Sp^aksr snd the House would soon find t at if
ta°y would allow these petitions to be referred, they
would «ave a great deal of time and a great deal
of tiouble.
And liter a brief conversation between Messrs
MERIVhJTHLR, ADAMS, BRiGGS, and the
SPEAKER, the petition andmoUonofreferei.ee
weie oul-red to ha over one day.
?li. ADAMS aLo presented a petition prajing
fo" r\° abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
hiru'ui, cr, a-, the alternative, for the lemoval of
th- s"..t of Government Horn this place.
*  Ti- 8PE VKCR havrq decide that, under the
ru'e, the fust part of the pe'ition could not be rc-
',   & I'd,
f Mr. ADAMS mov d ¡he rcferen-e of the altera-a-
j tive port.on of the petition to the Committee on the
I   Judiciary.
| Mr. BARNARD suggested a select committer,
I with no desire, he said, to be himself a member of
I   it.
Mr. MERI WETHER moved to ¡ay the moiiou
on the table.
Mr. ADAMS asked the yeas and nays; which
were refusDd.
Mr. ADAMS asked for tellers; which were or-
dered.
And the vote, being taken slot d—ayes 66, noes
47.
[No quorum voting; but the mo'iin to lay rn
•h  table was understood to be decided in the affir-
mative.]
Mr. ADAMS presented a number of other peti-
tions on the subject of aboht.on, some of whvh
were refused under the rule, while reveral others,
containing other subjects besides abolition, were
laid over on the monon to rpfer them to a select
committee, and on notice given of an intention ta
debate the question of reference. Among lbese
petitions were several playing for the recognition
of the independence of Hayti, and r -monstratiog
?gamsr the annexation of Texas to the Union.
Texas, Mr A. said, had very properly been repu-
diated by this Government, rejected, so that ¡here
was no danger from that quarter; but as these pe-
titioners ^eemed to think differently, he would move
the reference of the petitions.
Abolition petitioes, and petitions which contain-
ed other subjects besides abolition, were presented
by Messrs. Saltonstall, Fillmore, Hunt, Bar-
nard, Gates, and John G Floyd; v,h ch were re-
ceived, and treated in like manner.
Peti'ions were further presented—
From Rhode Moni.—By Mr. CR4NST0N.
From Conner ¡ietet — Messrs. BOARDMAN and
TRUMAN SMITH.
From Vermont. -Messrs. YOUNG and MAT-
TOCKS
F*om Xew Yo-k.—Messrs. WOOD, HUNT, and
FILLMORE.
[By Mr. Gordon: Pet'iiot of inhabi'an's o
Oneonta, Batternut's, New Berlin, an! She-burn,
in the counties of O «ego and Cit-na. go, in the
S'a'e of New Yoik, for the esubl sh rent of a post
road from Oneont? to Sherbarn.]
[By Mr. Hunt: A remonstrance of Rectus
March and fifteen o hers, l"gal voter* of H-^ick,
Rensselper coun'y, New York, against any rule,
regulation or !arf infringing the right of petition:
¡roved to be referred to a select con.rri'tee,aid
laid over.]
[Mr. Fillmore (¿¿dreeing the Speaker) said
he understood the report of the Secretary oí the
Treasury on the finances bad not yet been sent in.
The SPEAKER said it had no .
Mr. FILLMORE, on leave given, in'reduced a
bill making appropriations for the present ses-
s on of Congress; which was read tv ice by i's
til , and refeired to the Comm;tfee of Wajs and
Means ]
Peti ions from New York were fuilhei present-
6 Mos<rs.GORDON, BARNARD,GATES,LINN,
andJ.G FLOYD.
Mr. liOWNE moved that the House adjourn;
but suspended his rtj'ion.    And
M\ LEWIS, on leave, offered th- following re-
solution, which was sdopter1:
Resolved, Th-t ,he use of this Hall be granted to
the Asncn'tu'al Convention on lo morro"V e.en-
rig, the 15 h mst. at 4 o'clock.
And then, the qu s'wn on the Hi"t on cf Mr.
Eotsm" hiving been put ?nd agree', to—
Tne Hou^e adju/ned.
IN SENATE,
Wr:nNEcntT, December 15, I8s0.
T.i" Soca'e n <n at 12 o'clock.
Mr CALHOUN and Mr PRESTON, S.na'ors
from the Sta e of South Carolina, appeared in 'heir
seat;.
The jourral of yesterday was read.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Robert
B. Lewis, pravmg the reimbursement of certain
money paid by him into the Treasury for the re-
issue of the patent, which reissue was refused to
be made to him by the Commissioner of the Patent
Office; which was referssd to the Comibitíei? on
Patents, and the Patent Office.                      * l '
Mr.WRIGHT presented  memorial fromei-
ti7«ns of Welland, Niagara conrtty, New York,
praying Congress, so far as they may consider it
wise and expedient, to intercede wi'h the British
Government for the liberation of the American
citizens now prisoners at Tan Dteman's Land.
Also, the petition of Maria M. Brooks, heirs of
Daniel Neal, deceased, praying tobe allowed se-
ven years' half pay, to which their ancestor was
enti'led as an officer in the continental army during
thp Revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also ¡he memorial of Mr. A. Whitehead, iate
collector of the customs in the district of Key
West, in Florida, pra?ing that the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be authorized to allow him a
credit for the amonnt of two debentures? issued and
paid by him whilst exefcisin* the office of collator}
on the exportation of a quantity of lerteffbeWi
refeired to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MANGUM presenteá the memorial of the
heirs and assignee's of Windsor Brown, Walter
Brook', Willianv, Brent, and others, officers in the
Virginia State l>ne, in the Revolutionary war,
praying that the bounty lands to which their ances-
tors were entitled, and of which they were de*
prived by an impropriety in the mode of executing
the surveys, may be granted to them, or that their
equivalent be paid to them id monry; whicbj was
referred to the Commi'tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the pslition of
Wiil'am Batrd, and others, of P.tfeburg, Pennsyl-
vania, connected w 'h the ravigation of the west-
em vaier*, p aj.na tie erection of sui'able hospi-
tals apon the«c waters: referred to the Committee
on Gommeicc.
Also, the pe'ition of Jaws H Davis and o«Bers,
citizens cf Piti&bvpg and Allegany, Pennsylvania,
pray ligan f ppiopnation for the erection of "ma-
rine hosp .al a' si i able points on the Western
waters: refeired to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of th- n'v c' Philadelphia, praying the con-
struetioa of pi 'J oi the weetern side of the DeU*
ws-e river, near the mcMh of Christiana creek;
uhieh was refened to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BAYARD preserved two memenals from
the cit.zcns of the Pta'e oí Delaware, praying the
same object as above; which was similarly re-
ferred.
Oii rooter of Mr. RIVES, it was
Or de-ei, That 'he petiUn of the hers of Robt.
H. S-under be taken fiom the files of the genate
a d referred to the CommUtee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the petition of the legal representatives of
Richard Hains and Ni -.rod Farrow be taken from
•he fi'e! of the Scrats and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Ot mot on ef Mr. MILLER, it was
Ordeied, Tba* the petition of Jonathan Freeman
"be taken irom the files of the Senate and reierreü
to the Committee en Pensions.
On moticn of Mi- SMITH of Connecticut,
O derea, Taat the petition of John *S. Billings,
-nd theret.'ion of Wareham KingsJey, be seve-
TaHv taken irom the fiies oí the Senate and refer-
red to th  Commi'tee on Pensions.
W WOODBRrDGE presented the petition of a
number of ctizens of Ottawa crontt, in the State
of M chigan, praying an appropria'«on for the con-
struction cf a pier at the mou'h of Grand river, m
said State: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,               .
Ordered, That the documents  relating to th 
claims of Benjamin Murphy snd Richard X Banks,
