CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S:
1
age upon letters and papers as to conform to the
existing law of the United States. Mr. P. said,
these resolutions were somewhat of a private cha-
racter, ana might no!, from that fact, be received
by the House. As they referred, however, to the
general subject of reducing the rate of postage up-
on letters and papers, he had thought proper to pre-
sent them, and moved a reference to the Commit-
tee on (he Post Offbe and Post Roads]
[Mr. Ceupman presented a memorial of the Ala-
bama Legislature, asking that the lands lying south
of the Tennessee river, in Jackson county, may be
annexed to the new land district propose to be
e&tablished in the Cherokee country.
Also, a memorial and sundiy petitions of cer-
tain citizens of Benton county, prajing that they
may be allowed other lands in lieu of those of
which they have, as pre-emptors, been deprived
by the location of Indian reservations.
Also, the memorial of the Alabama Legislature,
asking the establishment of a new land office in the
Cherokee cession, or to annex the country to the
Coosa land district, and remove that office to the
centre of the Cherokee lands—whichever course
will most speedily bring said lands into market.
Mr. C. said he hoped the House would pardon him
for calling on the Committee on Public Lands (to
which said petitions and memorials were referred)
to act as early as possible on tbe subject of the
Cherokee lands. It has been more than six years
since that country has been purchased, and more
than three since tbe, Indians have been removed.
The settlers have, directly and through the Legisla-
ture, often and ovsr, asked that the lands may be
brought into market; and the S!ate of the public
Treasury is such as to require the money that will
be realized by the sales; and yet, strange to say, he
(Mr. C.) has hitherto been unable to have ¡he sub-
ject considered. He now entreated the committee
to act upon it, and act speedily, so that a ¡and of-
fice may be opened, that the settlers may be able to
enter and compete their titles to their lands, under
the existing pre-emption law of 1840 ]
From Missouri.—Messrs. MILLER and ED-
WARDS.
[Mr. Miller of Missouri presented the follow-
ing memorials from the Legislature of his State,
and petitions from various citizens residing therein,
Viz:
A memorial from the Legislature of Missouri,
asking Congress to piss a law authorizing the sale
of certain fractional lands ia said State—presented
December 15, 1841, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
A memorial from same, asking Congress to make
appropriations by law for the defence of the west-
ern frontier—presented December 15,1841, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A memorial from the same, asking Congress to
pass a law refunding to the State of Missouri the
amount of money expended by her in expelling the
Osage Indians from the S ate, who had invaded the
same with hostile intent in the year 1837; presented
December 15, 1841, and referred to the Committee
on Military Aflairs.
Two petitions; signed by John Brown, L. Gerret,
William Smith, and others, asking Congress to pass
a law estabhsbisg certain post roads therein men-
tioned and described, in Saline count's, Missouri,
presented December, 1841, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Petuion of James Jackson and others, of Pla'te
county, Missouri, praying Congress to pass a gene-
ral prospective pre-empt.on law, aud to establish a
new land district in the northwestern section of
Missouri, to include what is called the Piatte coun-
try, and to be called the Platte Land District; pre-
sented December 15,1841, and referred te the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Petition of John P. Campbell, receiver of public
moneys at Springfield, Missouri, praying Congress
to pass a law allowing him a credit on the books, of
the Treasury of the United Stales for $200, being
the amount of a Treasurer's receipt received by
him in payment of a certain tract of land enierel
by Hugh ¡Boyd; presented December 15,1841, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Petition of James Reid, of Saline county, Mis
jspnrj, praying Congress to pass a law authorizing
the Commissioner of the General Lsnd Office to ¡3.
sue a patent in his name, as assignee of Heisry
Miller, for a certain tract of land therein described;
presented December 15, 1841, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Petition of g Wil.«on, Henry Barnis, and Ander-
son Davis, justices of the county court of Van Bu-
rén county, Missouri, praying Congress io pass a
law authorizing the county court of said couny to
enter certain lands therein described, and for the
reasons assigned, for the use of said county, at the
register's office at Lexington, Missouri; presented
December 15, 1841, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Petition of J. Tusgle, A. Easby, and others, of
Van Buren county, Missouri, asking the passage of
a law by Congress to authorize the county court of
said county to enter certain lands therein described,
for the use of the county, for reasons «signed and
set forth in the petition; presented December 15,
1841, and referred to the Committee en Public
Lands.
Petition of Jcel Powell, L.J. Francis, and other?,
praying Congress to pass a law changing the past
road from Independe nee, in Jaekson county, to
Warrensburg, in Johnson county, Missouri, so as
to pass by Jacob Gfreigs's store, in Jackson county;
presented December 15, 1841, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Ornee and Post Roads.
Petition of Wilson P. Hunt, of Missouri, pray-
ing Coneress to pass a law, requiring ihe Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to issue a patent
m his name, as the legal representative of the
grantee, for one league rquare of land in said
¡- tate, for the reason-5 and considerations set forth
in the petition: Presented Dec. 15.b, 1841, and
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Petition of E. Borye, Q-. Wtai'C'mb. and others,
citizens of Seott county, Missouri, prnyng Con-
gress to pass a law appropriating a sufficient sum
of money to drain certain marsh and other inun-
dated lands, belonging to tbe United States, and
situate ia their immediate vicinity, or to cede to
the connty such portion of those lands as will ena-
ble it to reclaim the same: Presented Dee. 15th,
1841, fand referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.]
[Mr. Edwards of Missouri presented a memo
rial of the General Assembly of the State of Mi«
souri, requesting a donation of certain swamp
lands, ia Scott and other counties, te said S.ate.
A memorial, requesting the construction of a
military road on the northern line of the State of
Missouri.
A memorial requesting the construction of a
military road across the Big Sicamp, in Scott and
other counties, in the State of Missouri.
A memorial, asking the interposition of Con-
gress in procuring the removal or mitigation of
foreign revenue restrictions upon tobacco, for the
purpose of increasing the demand for that article ]
From Arkansas: Mr. CROSS.
[Mr. Cross presented th  following petitions, to
wit: Of John Bevan, of Philip; county, Arkansas,
prayins? a grant of three hundred and twenty acr-ps
of land; and of twenty-three citizens of Marcv
county, in said Sta'e, prayins the establishment of
s post route; and also a memorial of the Legisla-
ture of said State, praying Ihe pagase of a law
authorizing a relinquishment of the right to the six-
teenth section of the public lands therein, and the
location of other lands in lieu, thereof, for the u=e
of schools; and praying, also, that a donation of
four sections of land, including the Hot Springs
in f aid State ]
[Mr. Cross gave notice that, on  to-morrow, or
as soon thereafter as by the rules of the House the
opportunity is afforded, he will rsk leave to  intro-
duce the following bills, to wit: A bill to establish
a board of commissioners to hear and  examine
claims against the United States; a bill 'o increase
the jurisdiction of the United States District Court
for the S-ate of Arkansas and for other purposes;
and a bill to authorize the Legislature of the State
of Arkansas to sell the  land* her; t/fore appro-
priated for the use of schools in that State.]
From Michigan: Mr. HOWARD.
[A number of petitions presented in the course
J of the day were laid oyer for debate.]
[By the request of Mr. Lowell:           '    ;  " -"'
The petition of John Hortoti and t>ther «wnerá
of the schooner Crd Hook, of BItrehill, Merfor
an allowance of fishing bounty; 'he petition- of
William Fullertrn and other owners of taesenóoriér
Joann8, of Ellsworth, Me. for the samej and "JtM
petition of J B. Knight, owner of tae sebooher-
Martha, of Eastport, Me. for the Same; with the
accompanying paper?, were taken from the fHelS'
and referred to the Committee on Commerce',,   -
Also, by the request of the same, the petition* of
Nathaniel Sleeper and other citizens of Greenfield,
in the county of Hancock, Me. prajing for the
establishment 01" a mail route or post read from.
Miiford, in the county of Penobscot, to-Grí«ofieldj
and the petition of Jacob Stevens and o'her citizens
of Crawford, in the county of Washing'oa, Me.
praying for the establfehmeEt of a mail route or
post road from Machias, or East Machias, to that
place, were taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, by the request of the same, the petition of
Henry Dorr, praying for a pensión for services
rendered the United Sates during the Revolu-
tionary war, was taken from tbe files, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, -,
Also, by the request of the same, the netitionof
William Pool, and accompanying papers, praying
for a pension for injuiries received white in the*
service of the United States during the last war,
was taken from the files, ana referred to the ComJ
mittee on Invalid Pensions.]
Among the petitions were a number on the sub-
ject of abolition, which were refused under the
21st rule, and a number of petitions which, con-
taining other subjects besides abolition, the gentle-
men presenting them contended could be received
and referred without violating the rule. Thesis
last, however, were laid over, on notices given of
an intention to debate the question of the propriety
of their reception.
THE PUBLIC MONEYS.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Select Committee on
the Plan of Finance recommended in the Presi-
dent's message, introduced the following resolution}
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury'be
required to communicate to the House the plan of
finance referred to and recommended in the mes-
sage of the President of the United States at the
present session of Congress.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thbrsdav, Dec 16, 1841.
Mr. HENDEaSON of Mississippi, appeared ia
his seat to day.                     '                        ' '
A message was received from the House or Re-
presentatives, announcing the passage of an act by
that body, making appropriation, in part, for the
civil department of tbe Government, for the year
1842
The bill was then taken up and read.
Mr. EVANS moved that it should have a
second reading by its title, and there being no ob-
jection, it was read the second time.
Mr. ' EVANS had another favor to ask of the
Senate—that is, that they proceed to its considera-
tion forthwith, that it might be placed on its pas-
Mr. KING objected. He did not approve of
the coime suggested by the Senator from Maine-?
It would be'better if the bill was allowed to'take
ihe usu-tl course It ought to be -referred to the"
Committee on Finance. ~ Congress bad for years
teen too much in the habit of nuking partial apr
propriations in the beginning of each session for
iiotbjne more than the payment of the members
themselves. In the mean time business goes on,
and for months many of the officers of the^Govern-
ment and their families are Mt without ¡he means
o'suoport. Was it not as necessary to provide
pWm'eui for those oubfic servant-J and the depen-
dants on the civil list, as for members 01 0;r>gre«?
Whv then, did not the committee with which the
bill originated include in the appropriation sufficient
«revision to pay the salaries of Government officers
and tbs civil hsú Was it not a? easy to make
that provision, as on* for the per diem and aaleage
