22
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of members of Congress? Surely it was; and he
trusted a s*nsa of justice wou'd prevail, and that
the public officer, would not be thrown into the
hands of brokers and shaver , to raise, at exorbi-
tant interest, the necessary means for the support
of tneir families, whi'e waiting for the general ap-
propriate bills cf Congress, which m ght not
come up till February next. He wou'd ask that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Finance,
with instructions to amend it by a provision for all
those entit'ed to compensalion for their services as
well as members of Congress Une reflection and
a sense of just ce would demand this course.
Mr EVANS said if the morion required unani-
mous consent, he should not olject to the reference
to the Committee on Finance One word, how-
ever, it was necessary to say in reply to the Sena-
tor from Alabama. The bill before the Senate
came from the Hou5e of Representatives. It oe-
longed to the Senate to consider it. Tne b''l did
not originate here, and the very evil complained
of by the Senator already exited A part of the
appropriation was needed to pay not only mem-
bers, but for other purposes Tne contingent fund
was exhausted, and debts con'racted a year since,
for fuel, printing, and like purpose , were not now
paid, and coula not be pa d until ine b 11 before the
¡Senate had o<ts ed. Those to whom these debis
were due were liable, as ihe Sen Uor from Alabama
had said, to be subjected to the &i>avet> of brokers
and others If, however, objections were made to
the consideration of the bill at this time, he wwuld
move its reference to the Comim'tee on Finance.
Mr. KING was not disposed to protract the de-
bate, but he could not help saying that there were
many reasons why the estimates of the Depart-
ments ought to be ihe first thmg laid before Con-
gress each sess'on. It was necessary to know the
amount required for the public service bef< re en-
tering upon matters of legislation which might af-
fect that amount. It was no less necessary that
the necessary appropriations should be piomptly
made for the discharge of the obi gations of the
Government. But if the estimates were nol here,
how did this bill originate for an appropriation in
part for the civil hsf? It was equaUy well known
that the o her public servants; were to be paid their
salaries. 0 le thing he desired, and that was, that
while dispos 'd to meet the wants of themselves,
members of Congress should also pay some atten-
tion to those dependent for their means of sub-
sistence on the prompt and just action of Con-
gress It was urged that the contingent fund
wa¡> nearly exhausted, and that heavy claims
agains' it remained outstanding for more than a
year. If the fund has been exhaus'ed, and the
public creditors left in the hands of biokeis and
chaver*, every one knows that it js in consequence of
the extraordinary proceedings of the extra .ession
Much might be said on this subject; but at present
he only desired trut, while numbers of Congress
are taking care of themselves, they «-hould also take
care of those who have equil clatmn for their
services He hoped the bill would be referred to
the Committee on Finance, pnd that when the
committee is making its report, it wll recommend
a provision such as he had ¡sugwited for the pay-
ment of those dependent on t'>e Government.
Mr. EVANS moved the referente ot the I ill to
the C^mim't^e on Finance, which w igreed u.
THE PRINTING OF JTHE SSNAT-?
The PRESIDENT laid before tre senate tne
annuall report of the S creUr/ of the Senate with
regard to ihe contingent fund, which was, on the
motion of Mr WHITE, oit'ored 'o bj prmt'd.
Mr. KING said that if he was not mistaken in
his interpret tion of a resolution which was adopted
yesterday, a 1 cjnwiun'cations of ibis kind must go
to the Committee on Printing, and tnat th s report
was not one of those wmrh were to beprm ed with-
out sach reference
Mr. MANGUM then moved a reconsiderat on of
the vote by which the repoit was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WHITE remarked that it apneared to him
that the/ were taking a great deal of trouble for a
trivial end; and, as a commitce was not yet raised
on the subject of printing, he could see no propriety
m reconsidering the vote
Mr. KING said that the subject was a matter of
very little importance, but he was of opinion that
tbereso'ution which was adopted yesterday should
either be abandoned or adhered to, as it was a re-
gulation of the Señale.
Mr. SEVIER, saw no necessity for the reconside-
ration of the motion to print. It was of little im-
portance either way.
The question was then taken on the motion to re-
consider, and it was decided m the affimative.
The question now recurring on Ihe motion to
print,
Mr CIAY of Kentucky inquired whether the
Comminee on Printing had yet been appointed.
Tne PRESIDENT pro tern replied m the neg?-
tive, and remarked that the committee would be
appointed in ihe course of the day.
Mr CIÍAY said that that b°mg the c*se—• al-
though the report should now be printed—it would
be better to wait until the appointment of the com
ni'ttee—which he considered a very important one
—which could decide whether or not the report
came wjtbm the terms of the re-solution
Mr. WHITE then withdrew his motion to print
the report
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Wilson
P Hunt, praying the continuation of his title to a
tiact of land in the Siatp of Missouri, which
was referred to the Coumittee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr LINN presented the petition of a number
of the inhabitants of the northwestern section of
the State of Missouri, praying the establishment of
a land office at Plattsburgh, m that State ; which
was referred lo the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of James Kiser and Burnet
F ley, playing tobe al'owed the right of pre-emp-
tiun to a tract of land in the State of Missouri,
which was lefrrred to the Committee on the Pubbc
Lands.
Mr. YOUNG presented two p-tilions from citi-
zens of the counties of Sangamon, Logan, Dewitt,
and McLean, in the State of Illinois, praying the
estábil hment of a mail route, which were referred
to the Committee on the Po3t Office and Post
Roads.
Also, two memorials from the citizens of Win-
nebago count}, Illinois, praying that the "Polish
claim" to certain lands in that county may be va-
ca'ed, >and the ngnt of pre emption secured to the
settlers upon the same, which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands
Also, the petition of John S Day, a Canadian
refugee, praying an allowance of bounty land for
his stvicfs as a volunteer in  the late  war with
Great Britain, which was referred to the Comrmt-
I   tee on Public Lands
i Mi CHOATE presented the petition of Thomas
Harrison, an officer in the late war wiih Great Bri-
tain, praying an increase of his pension, to take
effect from t'ie dafo of his disability, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr BERRIEN presented the petition of John
D Gibson, praying *o be allowed a credit in the
sftilement of his account of a commission on the
disbursement made by him of the public money,
whiht performing th; duties of a purser in the
navx, which «as referred to the Committee on Na-
va1 Afairs
Mr WOODBURY presented the memorial of
Jobs F Sarenet, praying that a dispute between
him and the S c-eUry ot tne Treasury as to Ihe
payment of t' = spec fie du'y on certain importa-
tions, may, by an act if Consress, be brought be-
fore the Supf  ne Cxut of ¡he United States for
settlement, which was referred to the Committee
on the Jua'jiery
On motion by Mr WRIGHT, it was ordered
that the petition of DeForest Manice be taken
from the ¿•c- of the Senate, and referred to the
Committfe on F nance That the petition sf
Esther Lefferts ba taken from the files, and refer-
red to ihe Commit'ee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr ARCHER, it was crdered
that the petition of the representatives of Ga'tavus
B Home'-, be taken from the ales of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.    That the petition of the executor  of
Thomas Griffin, and the memorial of the heirs of
EJverard Meade, be taken from the files and seve-
rally referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, it was ordered (hat
the petition of the representatives of Joseph Mor-
riss, be taken from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the C immittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. RIVES, it was ordered that the
peution of the heirs ot Pmlip Barbour be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and the peti-
tion of ihe heirs of Thomas West, and the pen-
tition of the heirs of Francis L B. Goodwin, be
taken from tb.3 files, and severally referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, it was
ordered that Anthony Gale have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, Tthat Siokes and Purdom have leave
to withdraw their petition and papers from the flies
of the Senate.
On motion by Mr ARCHER, it was
Ordered, That James McCaily have leave   to
withdraw his petition from the files of the Senate.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. EVANS moved that so much of the mes-
sage as relates to finance be referred to the Com-
mit ee on Finance. In making this motion, he
did not wish to be undersiood as wishing to em-
brace that part of the message relating to a fiscal
agent, because, if Senators desired, it could be re-
ferred to a select committee.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, it was ordered
that so much of the President'  message as relates
to military affairs, be referred to tne Committee on
Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN', it was ordered
that so Tiuch of the message of ihe Pres dent of the
Un'fed States asre'ates O the judicary, be referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to.
Resolved, That ihe Secretary cf the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate, wiih as
little delay a*, possible, the plan of a Fiscal Agent
of the Government mentioned in the President's
message, communicated at the commencement of
"the present session of Congress.
Mr. YOUNG submitted the fo'iowing resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to, viz-
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the eiped ency of making
an appropriation for removing ihe obstructions in
Rocik river and the Desmome* Rapid-, in ihe Mis-
sissippi river
BILLS INTRODUCED.
The fcllowmg bills were  introduced on leave,
agreeably to notice heretofore given, read the fiist,
and by special order a second time by their titles,
and referred to appropriate committee^; viz.
i      By Mr. BARROW, a bill to increase the com-
pensation of tne Judge of the United Stales Dis-
I tnet Court for the District cf Louisiana- referred
i  to the Committee on th1 Judiciary.
I      Also, a bill to prende for ihe payment of the
i balance due to the Sra'e cf Louivana, fir raising
and equipping a lepiment of volunteer mmtia, mus-
tered into the service of tae United Statss m 1836,
for the Florida war: referred to the Commi'tee on
Military Affairs.
OREGON TERRITORY.
Mr LINN introduced a bill to authorize the
adoption of measures for the occupation and settle-
ment of the Ternti ry of Oregon, for extendirg cer-
tain portions of the laws of the United States over
the same, and for other purposes, which, having
been read twice, was
On the motion of Mr. LINN, referred to a spe-
cial committee, to be appointed by the Chair.
Messrs. Linn, Walkpr, Preston, and Sevieb
constitute four of the committee—the other not
known.
THE DISTRIBUTION BILL.
Mr. LINN also gave notice that he would, at
