su,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TILLINGHAST rose and addressed the
Chair, when
Mr. EVERETT submitted to the Speaker, as a
question of order, that the resolut ons must be
taken up m the r order, and the question put apon
them.
The SPEAKER said that the question would be
taken 011 all the resolution", unless a division was
called for
Mr. RHETT called for a division on each reso-
lution, which was ordered
The question was then taken oñ the first resolu-
tion, which was adopted, as follows.
1 Resolved, That so much of the Annual Mes-
sage ot thfPre idem, with the accompanying docu-
ments, communicated to this House on the 7th
mst as relates to the subjects of controversy and
negotiat.on between this Government and G cat
Britain, and also so much thereof as relates to our
relations with other foreign nations, be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
And the question was taken on the second resolu-
tion, which was adopted, as follows
2. JResolved, That so ranch thereof as relates to
the suppression of the African slave trade, and co
much thereof as relates to the removal of causes
involving our international obi gations from the
State to the Federhl judiciary, and also so much
thereof as relates to the regulation and restraint ,of
Esecutive power in removals from office, be refer-
Ted to the Commutes on the Jud ciaiy
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the fourth resolution, to wit
4. Retolved, That so much thereof as relates to
the finances of the Government, be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means—
Mr GUSHING observed that so far a- he un-
derstood th<" íesoluti n-,, it w¿s intended that the
Comrnittee oí Wajsa'id Meais should h?vecon
current jurisdiction with tue Select Committee on
«Finance. It seemed to bim that that was some-
what irregular, and he begged leave to offer an
amendment to it
Mr KING thought the resolution perfectly cl<- ar,
and that no amendment would be necessary. The
subject of the currency and plan of ¿nance would
be referred to the Select Committee, and that of die
receipts and expenditures of th  Treasary would
go to the Committee of Ways and Means
Mr. CUSHING said that the question he pro-
posed was, What «as the extent of the jurisdiction
of the Committee of Ways and Means? The
chairman expíame i that it was confined to so
much of the message to be found on the eighth
page as related to the receipts and expenditures of
the Treasury Now in order to r< rder tne juri*"
diction of that committee certain, he woald move
to amend the resolution, so as to make it read, ihat
so much of the President's messsge as relates to
the state of the Treasury, and to vaya and means,
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and that so much the-eof as relates to a fiscal
agency be r ferred to the Select Comm ttee
Mr FILLMORE said he desired to make a
suggestion The 8 th page of the message,
the House would perceive, commenced in
these words "From the ieport of the Secretary of
the Treasury you v ill be informed of the condi
Hon of the finances," and then it went on to state
what that condition was- His intent on had been
to refer that part of the message, and the report
that was to accompany it, to th<  Committee of
Ways and Means His intention also had been to
confine the select commi tee to the nlan «ubmitted
by the President, as described by the Pre'ilent in
page 11 of the message He had not m'ended to
make it a committee on the currency, nor to pre-
vent the Hoa-e from raisirg anotaei committee,
or from ieferri"g the si.bjrct to a standing com
imttee, in ca e tne select comm u e could not
agree Nor, at the ame time, had he intended to
preclude the committee from making amendment 
He repeated, bis intention was u, re<«=r to the select
committee the plan described by the President, and
if the House should afterwaids think proper to ex-
ercise its power, jit might do so
Mr WISE observed that in making th  inqu ry
he did of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, he wished to be distinctly understood
as only desiring 10 know what was to be the juris-
diction of the committee he was on I did not,
said he, want the House to give us the exclusive
jurisdiction over the subject of the currency If
we are to be confined to the plan of nuance enly,
as referred to in the message—it our automaton
task is to consider that plan only, it wi 1 be no in-
vidious one; but if we are allowed to think—if we
are to be permitted to modify it, or to propose any
ot'ier plan or to take it in whole or in part—
The SPEAKER said heha^ indulged tbisconver-
sa'ional debate to an extent of írreleraucr which
was entirely out of order. The power of the select
cjinmittee could not be settled under the resolution
niw berore the House That committee might
raise th  question of power by a separate resolu-
tion, or in the iorm of a report.
Mr WISE «aid he was speaking as to the juris-
diction of the Committee of Ways and Means for
by ascertaining the powers of that committee they
could find out what was left to the Select Com-
mittee. He should think that the subject of fi-
nance or the stat- of the Treasury should go to the
Committee of Ways and Mean , while thp subject
of the currency, if the gentlman meant that, belonged
to the Select Committee. He wondered that the
Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
at the beginning of the session, should propose to
divest himself of the charge of the subject of the
currency The subject of the tariff was to be
g^en to the Committee on Manufactures, and that
of the currency to a Select Committee What,
then, would be left to the Committee of Ways and
Means'? The were ordinary routine of the appro-
priation bills of the session A very light task,
indeed He hoped that, if the chairman would
not d nne the jurisdiction of the committee,
the Houce would, and hs krew ro better mode
of accomplishing the object than by adopting the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts.
Mr EVERETT suggested to Mr Fillmore to
insTtui the resolution the words "except the plan
of finance recommended by the President "
Mr. FILLMORE said he wou'd accept the mo-
d fication
Mr. F in reply to the remarks of Mr Wise,
was understood to say that the rules of the House
made it no part of the duty of the CommiUce of
Ways and Means to take into consideration the
subject of the currency. Tf?t was incidental
And as to the probability which the gentleman
seemed to intimate of the Committee of Ways and
Means bnng out of business during the session,
such an instance, Mr. F. believed, had seldom sel-
dom happened.
After a question by Mr WISE, which the Re-
porter could not hear distinctly—
Mr. EVERETT said he supposed the Se!e~t
Committee would take their jarisdict on from the
resolution under which they were appointed. Th%t
resolution made 'h-m a committee upon a specific
plan recommended by the President, and any
amendment legitimately connected therewith (Mr.
E was understood to say) might be made But,
as to constituting them a committee on the curren-
cy generally, he had had no idea of that at the time
the resolution passed.
The question tfapn being on the amendment of-
fered by Mr Cüshins it was taken and decided in
the negmve, withou' a divisior.
So the amendment was rejected
Tre question recurring on the original resolution,
as mod fi"d by Mr FiLr mobe at the suggestion of
Mr Eyeiett, the resolution was adopted.
The fifth resolution was then read, and is es fol-
lows
5 JReioleed, That so much thereof as relates to
the tariff be referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures
Mr \THERTON renewed his motion to strike
out the word "Manufactures" and ms«rt "Ways
and Means " He sail the Chairman of the Com-
mittee of Way? and Means interded to reserve to
tint "üinmtfee only so much of the message a* re-
lated to the receipts and expenditures of Govern-
ment Tris also belonged to the Committee of
Ways and Means, but if so much of the tariff
were referred to the Committee on Manufactures,
it would be taking from the Committee of Ways
and Means their appropriate business, and counte-
nancing the principle of protection to its fullest ex-
tent.
Mr. MALLO RY called the yeas andna>soa
the motion, which were ordered.
Mr -TILLINGHAST said the portion of th 
message which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fillmore] intended to refer to ihe Committee
on Manufactures belonged to them, and this would
appear to the House from aa examination of that
part of the message. He should prefer to have the
resolution modified so as to read as follows
" That so much thereof as relates to manufac-
tures, and to a discrimination of duties wiih 're-
feience to considerations of domestic policy con-
nested with our manufactures,' be referred to the
Committee on Manufactures "
These were the words of the message itself. "So,
also, the Government may be justified m so discri-
minating, by reference to other considerations of
policy connected with our manufactures." That
was the portion which carried to the Committee on
Manufactures the subject of duties for revenue, but
with discrimination "having reference to conside-
íations of domestic policy connected with manu-
factures." So much as related to this subject, he
thought non« would dispu'e, ought to go to the
Committee on Manufactures. The business of the
Committee of Ways and Means did net embrace
the "discrimination" which was pointed to by the
President in his message, and which they had got
to dispose of by reference to some committee Tne
subjects to be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means were expressed by the rule describing
their duty
[Mr T then read the rule defining the duty of
the Committee of Wa «¡ and Means, of wh ch the
following is the material ex'rac "To take into
considera  on all such reports of the Treasury De-
partment, and ail such propositions relative to the
revenue, as may be referred to them by the House;
to inquire into the sla e oí the public debt or the
tevenue, and of the expenditure, and report from
time to time their opinion thereon, to exam ne into
ihe sta'e of the several public departments, and
particularly into the laws making appropriations
ot money, and to report whether the moneys have
be n disbursed conformably with such laws; and
also to renort from time to time such provisions
and arrangements as may be necessary to add to
th* economy of the departments and the accounta-
bility of their officers "]
It appeared from this rale that this subject did
not belong to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and there was no committee in this House to which
the subject could properly be referí ed but the Com-
mittee on Manufactures. He horied the gentle-
man from New Hampshue [Mr Athertov]
would not insist on taking the business ior * hich
alone th  Committee on Manufactures v,as onjn.
nally crea'ed, and refer it to a committee -whose
duly it was not.
The Committee on Manufactures was appointed
for the purpose of ascertaining, when it was de-
cided that revenue was wanting, bo« it might be
most conveniently, least injuriously, and moA pro-
fitably rawed, to the manufacturing mtere-t of the
country He hoped ihe sabj'Ci woula not be with-
drawn from that commit ee, to which it was pro-
posed to be referred m the original re-olntion.
Mr WISE was glad tha ihe gentleman from
Ne i Hampshire had introduced this amendment
If the gentleman had not, he should have done it.
This had always been a test qje-t on b°twc n the
tariff and tne anti-fanfl party Heretofore, in the
history of the tanff question, those who had gone
for protecting dut es had also gone for a reference of
the subject of laying duties to the Committee of
Manufactures, while tho e who had gone for a ta-
riff for revenue, had voted for the reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means. But the gentle-
man from Rhode Island said thrt the mesvage re-
commended a tariff for protection, and the refe-
rence, therefore, ought to b8 to the Committee on
Manufactures, the gentleman undertaking to read
ihe message in such manner as to lead to that infe-
rence.
Mr. TILLINGHAST requested the gentleman
