£6
'„,a ...'-."i'.11*11:",,.- —~'¡------........„"  *:•:■„",„:"„   '    —
issue. The President of the United States had told
them that, in imposing duties for revenue, Govern-
ment has a right to discriminate so as to protect the
manufactures of the coun'ry.
Mr. RHETT here explained, saying that he did
not go as far as the gentleman from Massachusetts
had said he did; but he sa>d lhat, m principle, you
could not lay a duty, the object of which was for
revenue, and at the same time have n fpr protec-
tion.
Mr. BRIGGS continued. He had understood
the gentleman before as he did now. There was
no issue before them now on tne principle of pro-
posing duty for preteetion, but for revenue And
th«j question arose, whether, m proposing duty for
revenue, they should so discriminate as to protect
the great manufacturing interests of the country.
If such a discrmrnation were to be made, they
wanted to know what branch of industry most
needed it, so as to discrimma'e wisely and judi-
ciously. And whence would they get this informa-
tion? Prom the Committee of Ways and Means,
who are supposed to nave no particular knowledge
on this subject, or from the Committee on Manu-
factures, who are appom'ed with reference to this
Very subject? This question needed no answering!
the formation of the committees answered it at
once. Then the question was, whether m raising
revenue, which must be rai ed for the indispensa-
ble necessities of Government, they would discri-
minate, and discriminate for the purpose of pro.
tecting domestic manufactures? It the gentleman
from South Carolina would make no such discri-
mination, let him record his vote for the amend-
ment. If, on the other hand, uhile ibey laid a ta-
riff for revenue, they would so distribute it as to
protect our own industry and promote the interests
of the country, he would vote against the amend-
ment.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Foster] had
asked why the cD,ect of former bills, had not been
avowed to be for the protection of manufactures?
He (Mr. B ) would say, if that had been the ob
ject, they had a lush and noble example for it.
The second act passed by the American Congress
was for this purpose—and passed by those who
knew their duty, and did not hesitate to do it.
Mr. MERIWETHER said that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore] and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bricgs] had ooth t¡>ken
the same ground; they bad a ktd if it was pos«ible
for the Comm-ttee of Waji end Mews to know
how dut es arc to be lev ej in o der Lj p'otect ma-
nufactures and commerce'! It this committee
(Mr. M. asked) canno know, when tbry have the
general sublets or tne revenue 01 ih« Gove>nment
under their charge, how could the Committee on
Manufactures know"* Tne truth wps, the Ct i mit-
tee on Manufactures looked a!f Ee to 'hs nanufac
turmg mteiest, the Committee on Commerce lo
commercial interests alone; but the Ccmmniee of
Ways and Means had power to look over the
whole country and to írqmre into geneia! subje:'s.
He referred to the remarks that had been m«de by
hi  colleague [Mr Fo ter] as to th" constitutiona-
lity of the Com 'ike on Maiufaetures. To s had
been spoken lightly of, bat h  would 'hut', seitle-
men to put their finger 01 the clause of the
Cosstitu ion which authored the sppentment of
this committee He would a«k the gen'lcrpan who
introduced the resüluiion, whit justice 'here was
in committing this whole ques ion to the charge of
a committee w> o had supervision of onf> interest
alone? He (Mi. M) advocated iu reieience to
the Committee of Ways and Mean", who had
supervision of the who e subject, and understood
it properly. He v,as in doubt <~s to what th° Pre-
sident did mean in th  p^rt of th" Message 'hat had
been quoted, but could not bring his mind to be-
lieve that Con5i£-s had the power to lay a tariff
for protection. í3> aireed win the gen'leman
from South Carol'na [Mr. EhettJ that protection
ceased when revenue bt^sn
Mr. SMITH of Virgin a said he would briefly
bring to the notice of the Hojse tie real and pro-
per character of the questi n before them. [He
then went into a historical examination of the
existence of seyeral committees showing that, be-
fore the creation of the Committee on Manufac-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tares, its duties had been performed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, together wi'h the present du-
ties of this committee. He then continued ]
When the spirit of protection began to manifest
itself, the Committee on Manufactures was mad<";
and now the question was, whether the Committee
on Manufactures, for the purpose of protection,
should be recognised as m the power of Congress.
If the power of protection were unconstitutional,
c early the Committee on Manufactures must be
The question then wa«, whether this Houss meant
to look toa tariff only for revenue, or for protec
tion? If for revenue, what use was there for the
Committee on Manufactures? Its powers could
bs embraced, as formerly, under the Committees
on Commerce and Wavs and Means, and the com-
mittee was altogether unnecessary. If not out of
order, he would suggest the propriety of laying on
the table this resolution, that the remaining parts
of the message might be referred, and he would
then offer a resolution on which the question
might be raised. The question must be settled by
this Congress whether, under the Consutution,thpy
were to protect domestic industry, or whether they
were to look to the tariff as a means of revenue.
He moved to lay the resolution on the table, with
a view to offer a resolution abolishing the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, and giving hereafter to
the Committee on Commerce the power over com-
merce and manufactures.
Mr WISE said he hoped his colleague would
withdraw the motioD, for it would lead to no prac-
tical good
Tne SPEAKER said it would require a vote of
two-thirds to bring the resolution before the House,
if objection were made to it.
Mr   SMITH then withdrew the motion.
Mr. PR0FF1T thought it was very immaterial,
except as to principle, whether this subject went to
the Committ°e on Manufactures or Ways and
Meant, for their composition was but little diffe-
rent. From principle, it ought to go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means At the last session of
Consress, the question of the tariff, by a unani
mous vote of that (the Whis) paitv, was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Mean?; and now it
was said to be improper to refer it to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. Wajs and means, for
what! To carry on the Government, to keep the
public pur e, to meet the expenses of Government.
Tne very title of the committee, if the tariff was in-
deed for revenue, showed that this subject should
go to the Committee of Ways and Means. In
look'ng on the composition of the Committee on
Manufactures, he was compelled, m self-defence,
to vote aaamst its reference to them. There was
not a solitary member on it from We«t of the
Oh.o, r hile on the Commi'tee ot Ways and Means
taere would be one or two to protect the interests
of the West in this matter. His views coincided
who those of the gentleman from Viremiaon this
matter. He did not believe it was intended by
the President to countenance a tariff tor protect.on,
but t >at he would be found oa the side of a tariff
for revenue, and that alone The reference ought
to bf made to >h= Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr W. W IRWIN observed that he did not
mean to discuss this question of protection at pre-
sent. At the proper time, he would be prepared to
do so, and would be able to show that every Presi-
dent of tne United States, from General Washing-
ton down to Martin Van Buren and William H
Harrison, had advocated the pro ection of our ma-
nufactures, either incidentally or directly. The
messsge of the present President would speak for
lUelf He said lhat, whilst he would impose taxes
for revenue, and whilst it would be wise to adopt
moderate councils, the manufacturing interests
might, withm those limits, ask protection Former
Presidents of the United States went furthei than
tne present. Some of them came out of the Revo-
lution, and wno assisted in framing the Con-
stitution, went further than for incidental pro-
tertun Th?y went for encouragement as well
as protection. The bill imposing duties on im-
ports bemg thes-i-eond enactment of the first Con-
gress set foilh, what? Why, that "whereas it is
necessary for the support of Government, and the
discbarge of the debts of the United States, and en-
■ " —rs
coaragement of domestic manufacture-, that du-
ties be laid on merchand ze imported into the
United States, &c." This was not for revenue
alone, not for protection to our manufacturing in-
terest which was then small and contemptible in-
deed, but to give encouragement to them, and
amongst the men who vo'ed for that bill, the yeas
being 41, and the nays 8, you will find the name
of James Madison, who has always been denomi-
nated a Democratic Presiden'- The gentleman of
Georgia [Mr Foster] had discovered at this late
day that the creation ot the Commatee of Manu-
factures was unconstitutional after n had been in
existence for more than twenty years. The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] said that that
committee was form rly known as the Committee
of Commerce and Manufactures, and lhat in 1819
the two sub|ects had been separated and a Com-
mittee of Manufactures created; butashe bel eved
that Congress had no power tinder the Constitution
to take care of manufactures, the committee was
unnecessary, and he proposed to abolish it. Nov/
did the gentleman recollect at whose instance this
committee was created? It was at the instance of
a member from a slave holding State—from the
State of Virgins—at the instance of a gentleman
who, when subsequently President of the United
States, possessed as large a share of popularity as
any chief magi>trate we ha/e ever had—it was at
the instance of James Monroe that this committee
was created, and it was now said that it was uncon-
stitutional. He repeated that protection to our
manufactures, either direct or incidental, had been
advocated by all our Presidents from the begmn.ng
of the Government to the present time, and it was
not until very lately that any political party had
ever opposed it. A party, however, had lately
sprang uo, snd been recogrised not on'y m
South Carolina, but had spread i s rami-
fications into other sections cf the Union,
that not only condemned the protective sys-
tem, direct and incidental, but went against a
discrimination or duties, withm a tariff of roonue,
for the protection of domes-tic manufactures. They
went further, and desired by discriminating against
them, to break down the industry of this country;
and they had now withm that party a nvmber
from Georgia, a Whig member, [Vfr. Meri-
wether ] from whom he was much su-prised to
hear such sentiments as he hsd to-day uttered.
He was «urpr sed at the declaration of the gent'e-
rcan, tliat the manufacturing irter<M must rot
look for protection witain the 20 per een* of trie
compromise act Fe «as n ueh suipu ed at that
declaration, coming fiom a Siuihern Wh g jo the
face of the pledge siven by the late chief of that
party, General Harrison, prior to the election,
who declared himself a tnend and advocate
of protection wilbm the terms of that act. He
came here, Mr. J. said, solemnly pledged to carry
out all the principles set forth and advocated by
that party both on the stamp and in the pubic
press, [laughter] and he called upon the Sojthera
Whigs to fulfil the pHlges made by tbrir breihrca
of the North, East, and West, ana v  hich vas dis-
plajed upon their banners, thai domes'ic ifaru'sc
tures should be protected withm the lim"s ot the
Compromise act He now called on tne Demo-
cratic party of Pennsylvania to say whether tHey
were prepared to avow ibis doctnre—for the fi'st
time published m the Globe—cf discnmir>?'n g
against manufactures To whit comrmt'ee, he
aAed, should this part ot the Message gr~> To
the Comtm t«e of Ways and ¡VIc!>ns, who were
not presumed to know pbcut the manufpetur-
mg interest, or to the Comiiittfe on Manu-
factures, wLich was presumed to be acqnnn ed
with this subject? Let it be admitted thpt
they might írcideitally discriminate, for the
purpose of afford ng all tne protection tUey could
withm the Compromise set, ard where wai the
subject to go if not to the Committee on Manu-
factures''
The SPEAKER pave the floor to—
Mr  JONES, oí Virginia, who yielded to a mo-
tion that the Home adjourn.
But the motion was vaived f&¡ a moment to
enable—
Mr, GENTRY to give notice that he would ask
