I    leave to introduce a bill-for the telief of aa invidi-
|    dual whose name was not beard by the Reporter,
|    nor found on the Journal after the adjournment,
t        And then the House adjourned.
K            HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Is . .                Friday, December 17, 1841.
•.       Mr. FILLMORE asktd «hat would be the first
;    bnsioess in order.
•        The  SPEAKER replied,   that   the unfinished
business of yesterday would first come up.
r        Mr.   WISE  Eske'd if Fridays  and   Saturdays
?    Were not private bill days, and suggested that the
•.    practice was, when any subject in'roduced on  a
public day was leit  u<>finiihed when the private
biii days came, it was laid over tmfil ihe next pub-   |
[     lie day.    He hoped ¡hat this wonld be the ct «rse   ¡
I     taken now, and thai ¡he private business would not   |
i     be neglected as it bad been for ihe last four year*..    ¡
f        The SPEAKER having decidid that .he unfi-   I
!     nished busine.-smust have the prcterecee,                 |
<r       The resolmioa  «f Mr. Fillmore,  for the refr-   I
f    rence ofihePresidejii's message, was taken up, ihe   !
j    question being on tbe amendment ff Mr. Ather-   .'
I     tow to refer the subject of^'ihe tariff to  tie Com-
f-    mittee of Ways and jVf eanf'instead of the Cotnmit-
l    tee on Manufacture^ as pfcved by Mr. Fillmore.
I        Mr. JONES of Virgiqii,  who was entitled to
I    the floor, said: In cbiamfrig the fioor last evening,
|     Mr. Speaker, it was luy/ictenticn very  briefly to    !
f    bave sab muted to the ofi-s-i 'eiation of the House i!
[    the reasons which v/ál goven  th;   fee which  I  ¡I
)    am called upon to gi^é upon ihe p.-i'uins pn-posi- >\
j    tion.   Yielding, however, sir,   to what  appeared  l!
I    to be th'. general desire of gemlnnen in all quar- ¡:
j     ters of the House, that it shmld then  adjopra, I i i
j    avail mjself uf the oaca'^'-n now  offered to  per- 1!
¡     form the duty then iireiü'.e.!; rnd I d ) it no'?, sir, ¡'
[     so far as I am  persona1!/ co"".ern d,  with much '!
I    moreagieaab'o i'l-ti^ffs t'^i'i I ¡hen v/oold.               |;
I        The proflo-itica of ths cna.iman oi  t'.e Com- jj
¡    mittee of Ways and Mean-: [Mr. Fillmore] seems ||
j    to prrsrnt but a s.rr.pie question f r die considera- !,
i    tion of the Hoa>e, and cenain'y lies wt'.hin very ||
j     narrow limns.    That proposition calls upon us to jj
,    determine to which ei two  standing committees ¡|
j    of this House that f.ortion of the President's mes- i|
,    sage which relates to decriminalise1 duties, and   ¡
i    the subject  of domestic  inanufaciuie*,  which I   .
j    may be permitted  to sty, c£r-*y  with  them  the   !
j-    whole subject of the tariff, shorilu be  referred—   I
,     whether it should be referred t-i .he Committee on   j
i'    Manufactures, as t':e reicWion p.T-p.iscs, or to the   i
:    Committee of Ways ond Siea^s, as  proposed by   ;
the reso'uiion of ihe f-;fntiema,i fiorn New Haaip- jj
¡    shire, [Mr. Atiuiktok.]    h Uroi ay intention, at J!
this urn?, to enter into a discussion of ¡he c;ns>i:a- \\
'   tionil powers of Congress upon ¡he ¡abject of pro-
'     teedng daiies.    If wiser icasn-s were  wan'ed, I    ;
should refrain fiorn doicg so for the reasons which    :
have been indicated by yours-If, Uiat such discus- ¡i
sion would b-  out of order.     The proposition,  [i
however, confines itself stncüy to  the question cf V
reference.     I,   s.r,   thrill   not   deny    that   it   is j
'    Within    the    co.np ie".ey    cf     th"s     House     to  j.
give to   the   subject   such   direction   a=>   a   ma- ,
jority of   us  membeis may sea fi ; i.<>" .--bail I  ¡;
deny but that the same majority may, forcjood and  ¡
sufficient reasons, take from any of the committees  j:
of lbs Hou.-e bus:ne;s which may appear properly  |
to beioiu to it.    B-'.t, in the tcs-ncoof s.'ch  lea-
BOH-, where  none  s'ch hive been ns^'iurd, and  I.
where it is ¡sir to inier thai none such exist, it dees jj
seem to me there i.' no j.ist cause why ihe business    ■
of tru House shoo d i>3 d. verted fro-n   its ordinary    j
channel.-.    Th ¡- brir-gs ue io me q-.iesiiori, to «?b eti    i
of these two committe.'s  ihe mbj-'ct  properly be-  ¡;
-     long-! and   lo  ena'o-o  us  to  (Uci-e it r.r poriy, it  j¡
seems to me ih<u we shomd first loo!; at the organi- ¡
zation   of  the couimit'ees, to the  crurse'er of the  \
duties- with which -hey are chained, and especially   ¡,
to the objects of ihe cortuiiiinieft'ion which it is the  j
■     purpose of ihe mover <■! thf lesointioos to refer.        j j
In looking at ihe rules of it-e liors -, we find that  !;
the Committee ot Ways ami Means is chaiged with ij
numerous ímporianí specified dudes.   1th made  ;|
ihe duty of that committee to take into conndera-   j
tion all such reports of ihe Treasury Department,   i
and all such propositions relative to the revenue, as   I
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
may be referred to them by ihe House; to inquire
in'o the state of the public debt, or the revenue, and
of the expenditure; and to report from time lo lime
their opinion thereon; (to examine into the state of
the several public Departments, and particularly
into the Jaws makmg appropriations of moneys,
and to report whether the moneys have been dis-
bursed conformably witb such laws; and also, to
report from time to time such provisions and ar-
rangements as may bs necessary to add to the eco-
nomy of ihe Depaitmeats, and the accountability
of their officers.)
Nor are these the cn!y dunes of that committee.
The rule further declares th>-.t it ¿hall be the duty of
the Committee of Ways sod Means, within thirty
days afier their appointment, at every session of
Congress, commencing on the first Monday in
Dsoember, to report the genera) appropriadon
bill*, for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Go-
vernment; for the army; for the navy; and for the
Indian Department and Indian Annuities; or,- in
failure thereof, the reason of such failure.
From this it would appear, that ihe whole sub-
ject of finance, the whole subject of the revenue,
was intended to be committed to the charge of this
committee. If that be not so, bow is it possible
for that committee to perform the last branch of
duties í have referred to? Have gentlemen thought
of the i .«mease amount oí money it beconf.es ne-
cessary to appropriate by the bills to which refer-
ence is made by that c'ause? It is not ia my
power t-1 s ate ihe amount, but it is probable that
t:',e very Mils cf this seision will require something
¡ike twenty millions of dollars. You require this
committee to report 'he;e bills at the very moment
that you take away from them the information on
vih-.dt they are to act, asd which >ou refer to
another committee wb'ch has none of these sub-
jects under their charge.
it is not now, as f- rrnerly, that wi have more
than one souice of revenue. We know that the
whole of oar revenue is collected from the cas-
toras. At the last sersion of Congress we had two
permanent sources of revenue—one was the
amount received from the sales of the public lands,
sad the olh?r that received from the customs. The
first of these, and the only one in which ihe people
here equally the public burdens, has been taken
a vay by the act of the last session of Congress,
and directed to be distributed to the several States
of ihe Union—so that the only sourc? of revenue,
and'hat which imposes unequal burdens on dif-
ferent portions of tie country, is collected from the
customs, and you take that subject from the c:m-
miitee whose duty it is to consider a!l the reports
and returns from the Ticasury Department, and
place it in charge of a commutes constituted for a
very different purpose. It does seem to me not
onlyrgh', but proper, that if this subject should be
sent to the Committee on Manufactures, the oiher
subjects so nearly related to if, should be sent
there also.
Sir, if thh were a pronosition to lay a lanfT for
p-.otectic.n, I am not prepared to say but thai this
would be a proper dircc.ion if ;he subject, but
dors any gentleman propose to lay a tariff tor pro-
iccuon? That I hear disclaimed on all sides of
the tiuusj. I? this the leeoromendation of the
p;e-i-t.-nt cf the United Swe*? I have only to
appeal to the pa°t histi r/ of his life for a m^st am-
p's reflation of such an ¡?s«umption. Is it a fair
inference frora the communication which has b en
sent by ihe Executive to the two Houses of Con-
eres-? It ¡s only nfces.-aiv to look to the cusmu-
uicaiiim 'tseif to underhand it ia us true and pro-
per bearing-. It is not only neee ---arv that we shmid
bV'k to ttv clause r>n ihe subject of the tariff, but
r'so to the odv-r «iibjaeis founl in :-mmed.ae cnn-
r.ivti.in with the President's rcmaiks on ihat sub-
ject, upon the same pase of the document. By an
examination of ail these passage?, we shall be able
to see very ciearlv the inducements that operated
upon h;s mind to bri"i  the subject to the notice of
Congress. He is giv ins to Congress information in
releíence to the condition of the Tieauiry of the
Uii'.trd Stat>s, as it is his duly to do; and he is £0-
in* on to show the resouices of the Government for
ihe year, and at the same time the liabilities of the
Government for that period." It is in connection,
'■'■                 ..................="':-,     aa
therefore, with the subject of the tariff that. die
President says:                                                 t ¡ '
"From the report of tbe Secretary -of-the Trea-
sury, you will be informed of .the condition of-th* .
finances, Ths balance in tbe Treasury on the 1st
of January last, as stated in tie report of the fifeü
cretary of the Treasury submitted to Congress-at
the extra session, was §987,345 03. The receipts •
into the Treasury, during the first three guarteriof
this year, from all sources, amount to 123,467,052
53. The estimated receipts for the fourth-quarter
amount to $6,943,095 25, amounting to $30,410,*
167 77; and making, with the balance inuieírea 
sarv on ths first of January last, f 31,397,512 80."
Then come the expenditures:                        .;
"The expenditures for the first three quarters of
this year amount toi|24,734,346 97. The expen-
ditures for the fourth quarter, as estimated, will
amount to $7,290,723 73: thus making a total of
$32,035,070 70, and leaving a deficit to be pro-
vided for, on the fiist of January next, of about
#627,557 90."
Sir, these are the expenditures for the first three-
quarters of the year, and including the estimates
of expendifures for the last quarter, make a total
of $38.025 070 70. What a lesson hava we here
to exhibit the vast difference between precept and
example! What a commentary is. offered upon;.
those lectures which one year ago we were so often
heaiin? from our Whig friends on the subject ef
economy, retrenchment, and reform! The expen-
ditures of the Government are increased in a single
'.ear from le;s than twenty-three millions to over
tairiy-lwo million . It would be seen that, taking
the expenditures from the receipts of the year, wa
have a probable deficit to be provided for on the
first of January next of §627,557. Why we should
be astonished at ibis result, were it not for the next
paragraph in ¡he message. Tin President goes on-
to say, that of the ioau of 112,000,000 which was
auihor.zed by Congress at its late session, only
$5 432,726 88 have been negotiated,, for the rea-
sons which he explains, and which I will not take
up the time of ths House in reading.
I have adverted to this subject for the purpose
of showing to this House, and to the country, the
connection in which the subjict of the tariff is
introduced in the President's message. By that it
will be seen that there will be at least $637,557 90
to be providel for in the beginning of tae year.
I am induced to make thesa references for the '
purpose of repelling ¡he inference thrown out on •
the other side of the House, that the object of this,
communication was the protection of dorriestie
manuiac'.ures, instead of the raising of revenue;
thus placing a reliance on those passages which
are ihe mere incidents to the principal objeet in
view.
The President further says, thai—
'•Should it be necessary, in any view that Con-
gress may tak? ef the subject, to revise the existing
isriffof duties, I b- ? ieave to say, that, in the per-
formance of that most delicate operation, moderate
counsels would seem to b'; the wisest."
"Should it be necessary" with a view to meet the
deficiencies of the year, ":o revise the existisg
tariff of duties." But while gentlemen are turning
their a:terüi; n to this subject let me call the atten-
tion of t e House io oiher portions of the message
which must, I think, clear away every thing like
doubt and d.ffisuity with regard to it. The Presi-
dent adds: "In imposing dunes for the purposes of
revenue." He never loses sight of that word "re-
venue."
"In imposing duties, however, for the purposes
of revenue, a right to discriminate as to the anieles
on which the duty shad be laid, is well as the
amount, necessarily and most properly exists.
Omerwise, the Government would be placed in the
condition of having t  le y the same duties npon
ail articles, the productive as well as the unproduc-
tive. The slightest duty upon some, mig ,t have
the effect of causing iheir importation to cease;
whereas, others entering extensively into ths con-
sumption of the country, tnisht bear the heaviest,
without any sensible diminui  n in the amount im-
ported,"
Sir, it will be perceived here, that in the view
which he presents  of  discriminating   duties, he
