28
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
looks to revenue alone, and to no other subject
The whole object is revenue. The very language
employed shows that there should be no doubt on
on the mmd of any man as to his true meanmg.
But there are two lines of the message on which
gentlemen s'eem to rely in support of the inference
that the Pres dent has recommended a tariff with
a view to protection, and hence the motif n to re-
fer the subject io the Committee on Manufactures.
These two lines are in the following words "So
also the Government may be justified in so discri-
minating, by reference to other considerations of
domestic policy connected with our manufac-
tures." Now, if this passage bad been found in
no connection with that which precedes and that I
which lollows it, there might be a great degree of
plausibility in the arguments of gentlemen on the
other sidf, but what do we next see? Win: ' So
long as the duties shall be laid wuh disiu ct refe-
rence to the wants of the Treasury, no wel'-founded
objection can exist against them " Then, sir, if a
doubt still remains in the mmd of any one as to
the clear and manifest intention of the President,
it may be remo\ed by another portion of the docu-
ment, which say "While the people cf no por-
tion of the Union will ever hesitate to p-\y all ne-
cessary taxes for the support of Government, yet
an innate repugnance exis s to the imposition of
burdens not really necessary for that object"
Why, can it be inferred by any gentleman, in the
face of language like this, that it was the intention
ef the President of the United States to have made
a recommendation to which this innate repug
nance exists m the mmds of the people?
It cannot be possible
Mr. J confessed he did no' very clearly under-
stand what wps m ended by the President in that
part ol the messagp in whie i h* "aid ' So also he
Government may bp jus if el in so discriminating,
by reference to othtr considerations oí domestic
policy connected with our manufactures " If the
President meant to assert the opinion that Con-
gress possessed the constitutional power to lay dis-
criminating duties with a view to protect domestic
manufactures, then he differed with him toio ccelo,
and for the reason, which appeared to htra sound
and incontrovertible, that at the precise point
where complete protection commenced, revenue
ceased The very object for which protecting
duties were imposed, was to exclude from the
country the commodt íes on which the duties were
laid, and on wn ch revenue depended, while duties
laid for revenue were for revenue alone Tne ef-
fect ot the one was to promote commerce, to raise
revenue to replenish the Treasury. The effect of
the other was ccuainly to cripple, if not to de-
stroy, both the commerce and revenue of the
country.
But if, on the oth^r hand, die President meant
to advance the opin on that incidental protection to
domestic manufactu es might re ult from di enrm
natmg dmi s laid leslly foi the purpose of revenue,
then the question was presented in wholly a differ-
ent point of vie? , ind in one c rt?inly le^s objec-
tionable in no vie/ that he (Mr J ) had been
ab'e to take of this subject, had he been able to
perceive any sufficient reason why it should
be taken from the Cojimittee of Ways and Means
Mr HUNT (of whose remarks a better ou line
•would be given but for the difficulty experienced
by the Reporter m t-ea mg) remarked that, from
the commencem°r>t of this debate he bad depreca-
ted it, becau e >t seemed to him that gentlemen
were unnecessarily anticipating a subject which
must, sooner or ¡a er, come up for the ac ion of the
House at t'ie present session
He wa> a member of the Committee on Manu-
factures, placed there by the wi'l of th? Speaker
Were he (Mr. H ) to consult merely his own case,
he would be desirous that this subject (embana*s-
ing and perplexing in its character as it undoubt-
edly was) shou d be re'erred to the Conmittee of
Ways and Means Buf, from the course which
this debate had taken, he couid rot but understind
that gentlemen were desirous of drawing cut en
this floor an expression of op nion as to the fact
whether there was any constitutional right or power
in this House or this Government te protect the
labor—yes, the free and the slave labor—ef ths
country as contradistinguished against the pauper
labor of Europe. If there was any motive or ob-
ject in the debate whioh had sprung up, it was to
elicit an expression of opinion on this point.
■  He hadhad no idea of entering into the argument,
and should not have done so but that some obser-
vations had been made by the gentleman from Vr-
gmia [Mr Johes] which he (Mr H ) could not suf-
fer to pass without a remark. He had repeatedly,
year af eryear, made the declaration here, that so
far as regarded himself—and he «pike tbe sestt-
ments of a constituency partly agricultural, partly
commercial, and partly manufacturing, and one of
the most wealthy constituencies in his State—there
was no disposition to drive this subject of the tariff
to any extent that any patriot c gentleman from the
South would not assent to. He had said this much
when the subject of the tariff was held up as the
s'alktng horse to frighten men from their proprie-
ty—that there was no desire on the part of the
North to drive the protection of manufactures to
an ex'en offensive to enlightened and patriotic gen-
tlemen from the South acting under the compro-
mise act. He stood precisely upon the same
ground now, and he believed that his constituents
stood also upon that ground Mames sometimes be-
came things Gentlemen talked anout protection—
and they talked about revenue Gentlemen got up
here, and entered into an elaborate argument m re.
lation to protection on the one side, and revenue
on the other. At tbe same time it would be found
that those very gentlemen, when th°y sat down by
their own fire sides and talked upon the subject, as
American citizen', anxious to protect the labor—
yes, the labor, slave and free—of this country,
against the legislation of other countries, and
against th° commercial regulations and restrictions
of other countries, would not differ And his prin-
cipal object in rising had been to ask gentlemen on
all sides of the House, tariff or anti tariff, whe her
coming from the north or the south of Mason and
Dixon's line, to put aside from their contemplations
the charm of protection on the one hand, and reve-
nue on the other, and to come up like sensible and
patriotic men, like Americans, to the question of
the protection of American industry, «lave or free
—from the north or from the sou h of Mason and
Dixon's line—against the legislation, the order1? m
council, and the restrictive legisla'ions of foreign
countries That was what he asked He asked
gentlemen to do this ¡n a spirit of compromise—m
a spirit of patriotism—as American eit z°ns, with-
out leference to geographical divisions
And here he felt it hii> duty to en'er his protest
against the doctrine which he had heard repeated
ovpr and over again yesterday, in the course of the
debate, as to what might b* the spec fie meaning
of ¡he President of the United States in that por-
tion cf his message which related to this subject
He spoke ?s the independent legislator of an inde-
pendent constituency. And whilst he should at all
times (as he had heretofore done) treat the Exe-
cutive with tbe propriety, respect, and decorum due
to his s>a ion, still, as an independent legis'a'or
here, he would never consent to Irok to the White
Hous", nor to Reports of Mr Hume, nor to any
othe1- quaner for lights to influence him on the
question of protecting American industry from
foreiin restnefons and resu'ations He would
never consent to take the President's recommen-
dation as a rule of action by which his own con-
duct or vote was to be governed. If things were
to comp to that, better would it be to abolish this as
well as the other House of Congress He entered
his protest against all doctrines of the kind. He
cared not what might be the meaning of the Exe-
cutive in these particular passages. The Presi-
dent had referred the subject to Congress—the sub-
ject of the tariff, as it was commonly called, and
the question which the House at present had to de
cirle was, whether that subject should go to the
Committee on Manufactures, or to the Committee
of Ways and Means. In this connection Mr H.
adverted briefly to th* complexion of the two com-
mittees, and contended that, so far as affected t^e
final action of the House, the result would be the
same whether the report came from the one com-
mittee or the other.
Had any demonstration been made, or did gen-
tlemen apprehend that any would be made, in any
part of this House, to force upon them measures in
relation to the protective system whuh would be
obnoxious? Where was the evidence of ¡such de-
sign or intention? He, for hi* part, held a middie
ground. The manufacturers, like all other classes
of meji, were selfish—no more so than merchants,
or planters, or agriculturists, and that was all he
meant to say. But they were essentially seifish.
Their interest required them to be so As such,
and looking to them merely as manufacturers, he
owed this class of men nothing, either as a legisla-
tor or as an American citizen. But when gentle-
men looked at that class of men as connected with
the agricultural and ccmmetcial ínteiests, and
with Government in all its departments, could they,
as politicians or as patriots, locking to the United
Slates and to tbe protection of the commerce, the
agriculture, and the labor of our own country, say
that this great class of men were to be neglectea?
And not only so, but that discriminating duties, or,
in other words, discriminating legislation against
them, was to be adopted by an American Congress?
Because it amounted to that, according to the doc-
trines which he had heard broached on this floor.
Mr H. proceeded to argue, with much power,
that gentlemen were in fact warring about words,
when they should be speaking about things, and to
show the identity of interests which, in point of
of fact, the South had on this subject wuh the
the North. In this point of view, be lllu trated
forcibly the course pursued by England and Prance,
in the incipient growth of the staple of cotton in
their foreign possessions, deducing therefrom an
argument in favor of the occupation, alike by the
North and the South, of a middle ground on this
subject of the tariff, by which o„r own labor, f'ee
and slave, without invidious dis inc'ion, m ght be
protected ajamst the restrictive policy of fcieign
nations. [Through the=s portions of the argu-
ment the Reporter cannot,  at this time, follow
Mr H]
Mr H concluded by express ng the hope that
this portion of the Message might go to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures, that having heretoiore
been the usual course of reference
Mr RANDOLPH next obtained the floor, but
gave way for a moment to
Mr MASON of Ohio, who inquired if it was
now in order to move an amendment to the reso-
lution?
The SPEAKER sa d it was not in order, an
amendment now pending
Mr. RANDOLPH said that, beiKg 01 e of the
Committee on Manufactures, and representing a
people largely mteiesled in the subject, he would
ciave the indulgence of the Hou^e fcr a few mo-
ments. He rejoiced that the debate hud sprung
up thus early in tht session It wruld arouse the
country to the importance of the subject, and awake
from their fatal slambcs the numerous class of
cit zens whose interests were at take, for ihey bad
been slumbering on the very bnnk of de trtxtion,
as if all were sa e or all was lost
Mr. R w?s also happy that this debite uad not
assumed a poli ,cal cast The Sou h, of all parties,
had cosie out pgamst the rnanu'acture^, and he
thought this ought to show to the Noith, the Mid Me,
and the West, that they should bury party distiac
tions and unae upon an opposite ciurs" He called
on the iron-handed Demociacy of Pennsylvania's
well as their political associa'es m other portions of
the Union, to go with him m <as.airnng the inte-
rests of their own domestic industry If ever there
was a quesuon paramount to mere party considera-
tions, this was one It rode, and should r,de, tri-
umphantly above all such distinctions And it
(said Mr R ) the question now before us is to be a
test, as alleged by the gentleman from Virg ma,
[Mr. Wms ] let all North and West be arra> ed on
trie true side. But there was no occasion for mak-
ing it a test the subject had always been referred
to the Committee on Manufactuies, and there it
should go But if it be a test—of what is n? With-
out looking to what had heretofore been claimed
for the manufacturers, without waiving any consti-
tutional or other questions, they now asked only
that whilst so much revenue, and no more, should
be raised, as would be sufficient for ths support of
