Government, the duties should be so arranged
and discriminated as to afford a fair protection to
the industry of the country. This all must admit
to be right and proper, unless they would impose a
mere ad valorem, horizontal tariff of duties, Bstween
these two systems was the test, and o  this question
he understood the President as going wi'h the North.
He says "So also the Government may be justified
in so discriminating, by reference to other conside-
rations of domestic policy conr ected with our m«n«-
faclures. So long as the duties rhall be laid with
distinct reference to the wants of the Treasury, no
well founded objections can exist against them."
He adds: "It might be esteemed desirable" not to af-
fect the land bill. Thuo he does not even limit the
discrimination lo 20 per cent.
Mr. R. said be was aware that a certain news-
paper, claiming to be the organ ot the President,
had put a different construction on the  message,
and had, by way of satisfying  the Globe and iis
supporters, if he recollected right, put this as one
of the cases where the President and the Globe
supporters were twelve paces apart originally, but
the President had advanced nine to meet them, and
they were required to go the other three.    He sup-
posed, however, that the country must look to the
m-ssage itself, rather than to the orgsn, for the
President's views, unless there were some on this
floor, as rumor said there  were, who were autho-
rized lo say that the President,  in the  message,
means not what Mr. R. and  others contended he
did.   Were any so authorized?  No answer.  Then
there are none.   The language of the President
must be taken as broad as it stands, and his acts
conform accordingly.   The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] had said ¡hat a tariff for
revenue and one for protection were inconsistent,
and the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jones] had
this morning dwelt on the same point.   Mr. R.
!    thouzht, with   deference  to  those  gentlemen,  a
greater fallacy was never «tiered.    It arose from
not distinguishing between a duty that was prohi-
bitory and on* that was not.   The duty of three
cents a pound on cotton was prohibitory.   It was
purely a protective, and not in the least a revenue
duty, whilst the duty on iron, woollens, silks, (fee.
not being so high as to be prohibitory, operated
both for revenue and for protection.   The increase
of the duty increaies the revenue, though, by de
creasing   the   importation   and   enhancing   the
price, it at the same time   creates   or  ¡Bcreases
the  protection.    The   gentleman  from   Georgia
[Mr. Meriwether]   had   talked   about  the  ex-
plode!  idea   of   a   protective   tariff.   Exploded!
"When, where, how,  or  by   Whom?   asked  Mr.
R.   The first petition on record, and the second
statute passed under the Constitution, were for
protection; and ñom the period that act was pass-
ed, to the present,  through all the phases of party,
every Congress had, in some shape or other, recog-
nised the doctrine of protection.   Other gentlemen
had battled against lha rule authorizing a Commit-
tee on Manufactures.    The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] had offered a resolution to ex-
punge it.   Mr. R. regretted that he had withdrawn
the resolution.     The country would like much to
have seen the vote on it; they would like to have
known who were for thrusting from Congress the
f      larse class of citizens interested in manufactures.
Another   gentleman   had considered   the rule a
''.      wooden horse introduced into the House.   If so,
[       (said Mr. R.) it has been here a long time, more
\       than twenty years, and has c.uried many a goodly
,       burden.    He believed almost every tariff bill had
;       been presented under that rule.    But (Mr. R. said)
i       he did not intend to go   further into <he debate.
This was not the time to discuss the principles of
a  tariff.     He would content himself, therefore,
with simply assignkis his reasons why this portion
of the message should be referred to the Committee
on Manufactures.    In the first place, the rule and
the committee were crca'el  tor the express pur-
nose- this was the committee to whom the Mibjeet
I       had usually  been  referred.     The Committee of
I       Ways and Means had such a multiplicity ofbusi-
s       ness before  them that they could not possibly give
Í      this subject the attention which it required.   And,
I       lastly, this was the appropriate committee, because
I       the only question was, how you shall discriminate;
CONGRESSIONAL GLOJSE.
and as any discrimination must be for the benefit
or injury of manufactures, of course the committee
on that subject should take cognizance of it.
Mr. J. R. 1NGER30LL said the question in-
volved was simply an inquiry whether the particu-
lar part of the message now under cossideratton
should be referred to one or to anether of two
standing commiitees of this House. The difference
was simply this between these two committees;
the one of them had been constituted, he presumed
from its very name, with a view to a particular
knowledge on the part of its members of a particu-
lar subject to which this portion of lha message had
reference. He would show, first, tl-at the Commit-
tee on Manufactures had a valid existence. It
had been contended here that it had not, sr ought
not to have. This argument could not exist were
it not that a particular duty was not assigned to it.
There was no assignment of duties at all to the
Committees on Agriculture and on Indian Affairs.
No doubt existed as to its constitutionality, and as
little could there be with reference to the true con-
struction of the message, if a judicial eye should
pass over the parts of the message that had been
quoted, it would see that the intention of the Pre-
sident was to unite in theory the reconciliation of
increased duties, of an augmentation of duties
with the protection of domestic manufactures. It
was not tobe overlooked that the legal advifer of
the President on this point was a citizen of Pent),
sylvauia, a State where the doctrine was perfectly
orthodox that such a reconciliation may exist.
Let the PresideBt's own language be its own expo-
nent. [Mr. I. here quoted from the message, and
referred to and briefly commented on its examina-
tion by the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Jokes]
There could be no doubt of the intention of the
President. [He further quoted various passages
in connection from the message, and then conti-
tinued ] He apprehended the President was en-
tirely right in his idea of the possibility of a recon-
ciliation between ihe.se two things, (hat gentleman
had deemed inconsistent.
Whenever a change was made in the revenue
plan of the country, there was not an instantane-
ouse, magic change from one state of things to
another—not a deep, marked line, obvious and in-
telligible, when one state of things should cease and
another begin; but there was a transition state. So
with manufacrures: whenever, with moderation
and judgment, the duty on articles was increased,
the interest of the manufacturer was benefited by
bringing into demand his manufactures, and bring-
ing into use the resources of the country. How
would it be with foreign articles? He then refer-
red to various articles which, a few years since,
it was thought, must be imported, our manufacture
of which had now arrived to such- a degree of per-
fection that the American articles are preferred
over the English. There was, therefore, whenever
an increase of duties took place, a great abundance
thrown on the American market by the foreign ca-
pitalist, which at once pays the amount of in-
creased revenue, cheapens the article in our mar-
ket, and enables the manufacturer cf our own
country—'he home manufacturer—to see in the
rainbow of hope a piomise of the future excellence
and advantage of his anieles that foreign manufac-
turcrs cannot surpass. The two things, therefore,
were perfectly reconcile-bla.
They had also been told in the course of the
present -debate, that there was nothing found ia the
Constitution of the United S:ates relating to manu-
factures. Press the argument home, and the Con-
stitution would deny not only the Committee on
Manufactures the exercise of any power, but to the
Committee of Ways and Means the principal part
of their duties also. Where do you find in the
Constitution of the United States an allusion to the
Treasury Department, or any thing connected wiih
the organization of the Departments of the
Government? The absence of this ia th? Con-
stitution, and the presence of it in the rule was
nothing objectionable. This was subsequent to
the Constitution, and necessary to carry into tffect
the principles and intended practice? of the Cons i-
tntion. Two er three gentlemen had referred to
the earliest tariff; it was important to press the facts
connected therewith ©a the House, inasmuch as it
had not only the sanctk  of the Revolutionary ^pa-
triots, bot was framed by the same individuals ib$t
had just framed th« Constitution of. the TJaitgi}
States, and was found in. the statute in imnsediatf
juxtaposition with the law which went oejfore j&
requiring of officers of the General and State fi&>
vernments that they should take oaths to support
the Constitution; and immediately came the, pise-
amble to the tariff of duties referred to, which.wefsr
levied in the first place for the support of the go-
vernment; in the next place to pay the tebfs of ¿the
Government; and in the third place, for the encou-
ragement and protection of manufactures, and -are
introdtsced as circumstances worthy the considera-
tion of the present day, and entitled to the respect
of posterity.
Mr. STANLY said, had he not known this
House as well as he did, he should have been sur-'
prised at the range of debate taken on the mere
question of reference. But he understood the ob-
ject. They bad seen the enemies of the Whig
party—and he wslcomed them to the strife—led oa
by the honorable gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Athehton.]
Mr. ATHERTON inquired of the Sf eaker if this
was in order.                     -                               .
Mr. STANLY disclaimed any thing offensive-.
He saw some manifesting a disposition here to
raise a cry that the Whig party desired to fastes
on the country a protective tariff, and the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr, Athertoh] with
a zeal—a hasty zeal—for which he (Mr. S.) as
a Southern man did .not thank him, was endeavor-
ing to protect the Son h; and really the discussion
had been quite amusing. He had been amused to
see how the "corporal's guard" had taken sides in.
this matter. There was the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Irwin] yesterday made one of the
most ineenieus, non-committal speeches, for a pro-
tective man, he had ever heard. He had sai4 the
message recommended a protective tariff, and
did not recommend it; while another Southern
gentleman disclaimed for the President all idea of
encouraging domestic manufactures. It was not
for him (Mr. S.) to settle this dispute between the
two parties; he would let them discuss among
themselves. He thought it a little unkind for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to note with such
emphasis that a Southern Whig, from Georgia,
had been among the first in attacking a protective
tariff. D.d the gentleman forget some of his peca-
1 ar friends, bound to him by more ties than he
(Mr. S.) knew of, who talked loud in disclaiming,
a protective tarifi? Would the gentleman send
word in his speech that not only Southern Whigs
are opposed to a protective tariff", bat that soma of
his special, political, and personal friends were
throwing themselves a step in advance of the Whig
party proper, and disclaiming a protective tariff?
He wanted the question under.-tood.
Mr. IRWIN (Mr. Sianly having given way)
said he was not aware that he had made Eny such
remaik as the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] had understood him to make. He (Mr.
I.) it id not undeMand the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Foster] to confine his opposition to a
protective tariff, but to deny the right to discrimi-
nate, within the principles of the compromise act
even, and in favor of domestic manufactures; and
ha was astonished so hear that sennmeat expressed
by a Southern Whig.                                ,    .
Mr. STANLY said that was not the part of the
gentleman'.-; remarks to which he referred. He
(Mr. S.) thought the gentleman, ia commenting, as
he h&d done w.th such, emphssi?, on the fact that a
Southern Whig was opposed to protection, was en-
deavoring to hold up Southern Whigs to contempt
to his constituents, if he (Mr. S.) had done the
gentleman injustice, he was sorry. He ought to
recollect thst his own peculiar friends are taking
the lead of Southern Wntgs in opposing the pro-
tective tariff.
Tne gentleman from Georgia had said that the
Committee on Manufactures had no duties by the
rules of this House. [Mr. S. h re referred to the
Journal of the House, showing that in 1795acom-
mittee appointed for that purpose had reported to
the House the necessity of the Committee on Com-
merce, among others, and that this committee was
