dered that it be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN pre.ented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of th<! city of Charleston,
accompanied by a report < f a committee of that
body on the subject, praying for the repr-al of the
Bankrupt law. On his motion, the memorial and
accompanying papers were referred to the Com 
imttee on the Judiciary, and to the Committee on
Printing to be prin ed.
Also, the memorial of the Charleston Ct amber
of Commerce, submitting for the consideraron of
Congress a plan for the es'abhbhmg of a direct
mail communication between the United States snd
foreign ports by means of «team vessels of war:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and to
the Committee on Printing, to be printed.
Al^o, a msmonal of the Chamber of Commerce
of Charleston, praying the establishment of a post
coach and mail convejance from the head of the
Georgia road to Memphis; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and on his motion to the Committee on Printing to
be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
merchants of Pniladelphia, asking for several im-
portant alterations in ihe Bankrupt law, and re-
questing a repeal of the astif the amendments shall
not be made. He said that he was extremely hap-
py to ñnd that this inestimable class of individuals
had at length found it to be proper to have a bank-
rupt law applicab'e to banking ms1 nation*.
By Mr. BUCHANAN: Ihe memorial of the
Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce, praying the
reimbursement of money advanced by them for
keeping up the light at the mouth of the Delaware
Bay, and an appropriation for its future mainte-
nance: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By M-. BARROW: The petition of John M.
Bell, late ->osti.ia-> ex ?.t Si. F'anei^vJle, Louisiana,
prayw  the reimbursement of a sum of rno'ey ad-
vanced by him on account of in  Government, re-
ferred to the Comm.t'ee or. the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, 'he petiaon of Clark Woodruff, prayicg
that a patent may be l^ued to him lor cer'am.lands
entered and paid for by h,m, at the proper land
office: referred to the Committee on. the Public
Lands.
Mr. BARROW presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Louisiana,  rh regard to increasing
the salcry of the Judge of the United States dis-
trict cou't of that State: referred to tne Committee
on tne Jedic ary, and ordered to be printed.
ALo, the preamble ana resoluuons passed by the
General A'semb y of Louisiana, requesting the
Senators and Rppresentatives oí said State in Con-
gres5, to use their exertions to procure appropria-
tions for completirg the fort.fications at and near
the mouth of the Mississippi, for constructing ves-
sels of war, and for collecting a sufficient quantity
of arm , ammunition, rrd other supplies, for the
protection and deience of ih-U point, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, from the same source, requesting their Re-
prf sentatives to use their exertions to procure a law
requiring a steam vessel of wjr to be stationed in
the Gull of Mexico, and a sieam ship wi'hm the
waters of u e Mississippi, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
By Mr. CHOATE: The petition of Zacbariah
Jettison, praying a rem ssion of the duties on a
quan i y o'" leal tobscco, imported by him into the
Unded StaLs in the month ri December, 1832' re
ferred to ihe Committee on Finance.
A!~<, ti'e pen ions 0i Thomas Hosk'ns and
Ralph HoMtms, faying t> be released fiom a
judgrient aga nst tiiem as «urei.es en certain cus-
torn I ouse tund-, on th  pajment of a specific sum,
win merest ttnreon. tetencd to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mi. STURGEON piesented the petition of
Jonathan Wright and o'^rs of Spring Garden,
Pniladelphia, praji„g that the Constitution of the
United Stales may be so altered as to entitle all
men t-i hherjy and happiness.
Mr. KING moved ihat th" motion to receive
the petmon he laid on th  table.    Agreed to.
By Mi. KING: The memorial of the General
CONGRESSIONAL GLÓBÉ.
Assembly of the State of Alabama, praying the
establishment of a national armory at the Great
Palis of the Tallapoosa river, ra that State: refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. KING: The petition of a postmaster in
Alabama, sia'mg that his house was broken open
and robbed of fifty dollars belonging to the Poit
Office Department; and, as the Postmaster General
had no discretion to excuse him from the payment
of this sum, he prays thaPCqngress will pass a bill
for his relief: referred to the" Committee on the
P^st Office and Post Roads
By Mr. WOODBURY: The preamble and reso-
lutions of a mee"ng held at Halifax court-house,
Virginia, expressing disapprobation of the late ex-
tra session of Congress, and a strong doubt whether
the measures then passed furnished the relief
which was intended, and asking for the re-enact-
ment of the Sub-Treasury law and a repeal of the
Distribution act: referred to the Committee ou
Finance.
By Mr. RIVES: The petition of Benj. Harrison,
praying to be allowed the commission to wh'ch bis
late father was entitled by law on his disburse-
ments as a deputy paymaster daring the Revolu-
tionary war: referred to the Committee on Revoln-
tiorary Claims.
Also submitted a document relating to fi«hing
bounties and allowances: referred to the Committee
|   on Commerce.
I         On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was
j       O dered, That the petition of Henry W.   An-
II    drews be taken from the files of the Senate, and
1    referred to Ihe Committee on Military Affairs.
¡       On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered,That the petition of David Gelston be
I    taken from the fi'es, and  reierred to  the Cnmoii -
I    tee on  Claims.     That the petition of  William
Redmond be taken from the files, and  referred to
the Committee on Firaac ; and that the petition
I   cf John Bosworth be tafean from the flies, and re-
ferred to tne Comm Uee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr.  PRESTON, it vas
Ordered, That the petition of Wm. De Peys'er
and Henry N. Ctuger be taken from  the files, and
referred to tbe Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr MERRICK, it  was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Jnhn
Barke be taken from the files, and referred to the
Commtt'eeon Chim«.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the trustees of the
Pirst Presbyterian Church of Elizabeihtown be ta-
ken from the fi'es, and referred to the Commuti e
on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, it was
Ordei ed, That the petmon of Jeremiah  Baysve
be taken from tbe tiles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr TAPPAN, it was
Ordered, That Daniel Steenrod have leave   to
wi hdraw from the files of the Senate his  peti'ion
and papers.
•Oi motion by Mr. STURGEON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs or   Robert
I    Fulton bi tak"n from the files, and referred to th;
Committee on Claims
On motion by Mr. PRENTISS, i was
Orde> ed, That tbe petition of Charles  M Keller
be taken from the file ,and retened to the Commi'-
tee on Pa en.s.
On motion by Mr   SMITH of Connee'icut, it
was
i      O dettd, Tint the petition of H-raiio Alle-i and
wife be taken nom  the  filfs, rnd leferred to t**e
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On rno'ion by Mr LINN, it was.
|        O'dered, Tna'ihe p ui>on of Albm Rietke', in
he'-al! ot tie hi irs of Majhim ■ de Lu^se'  be aken
¡ioji t'   n *-, aui   r ferr~d   to   the   Coa.ni.tice
on Public Lond Claims.
I      On motion bv Mi. KING,
Onhred, That the petition of Wi'liam F.sher be
taksa from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. MOUTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of E. Gounon be
taken from the files and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
.__________________ét
-   ' ■  .......      '    ■ ■■■........:—■■■—' ■""■■'■■■'■■"'■"'""-       ■*   ' '-'—-'■"":.....*'j   iLi.-w5
On motion of Mr. PIERCE,
Ordered, That the petition of a Ettmber of citi-
zens ot New Hampshire for the establishment oí a 
post route, be taken from the files and referred to
the Committee on the P^st Office and Post Roads.
On motisn of Mr. HUNTINGTON,
0> dered, That the memorial of Aaron Vail be
taken from the files and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS,
Ordered, That the memorial of the executors oif
Henry Eckford, and the memorial of James Mc-
intosh, be taken from the files and severally refer-
red to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Albin Mttchel in be-
half of the heirs of T. B. De Sasser, and docu-
ments, be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Oa motion by Mr. BATES, it was
Ordered, That the pstmon of the heirs of Pre-
served Clapp, on the files of the Senate, he referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK.it was
Offered, That the petition of John Pritefeett be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Fiaance be in-
structed to irqmre into the expediency of making
an eaily appropriation to carry into effect the late
trea y with the Miami Indians, and that document
4 3 of the late session of Congress be reierred to said
con>mrtee.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM,
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensiens was
dischaiged from the further consideration of the pe-
tition of Joseph Garrott, and refened to the Com-
mittee on Naj l Affa.rs.
On motion of Mr. PIERCE,
Ordered, Thai the memorial of Luke Woodbnry
and otners, for a mqtl route from Francistown,
Hil'sboroi-gh county, ¡je-v Hampshire, to Antrim,
South VilJoge, be taken fro>n tbe files of tbe Se-
na*e, and referred to th„ Committee on the Post
Office and Po t Road .
Mr. P also prcsen'ed the petition of Esther
Town, for a eoutmuanee of her pension: referred
to the Commi tee on Pensions.
The following bills were reported on leave,
read the first, and by special order the second time,
and approp-iately referred.
By Mr. WRIGHT: A bill to amend and eon-
Unue in fo-ce the act to incorporate the inhabitants
of the city of Washington: referred to the Com-
mittee on the District ef O'umbia.
By Mr  CLAYTON: A  bid for  the relief of
Charles T. Sibbal:   referred to the Committee  on
Claims.
BILLS REPORTED FROM COMMITTEES.
By Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on
Pensions, reponed back to tbe Senate, with an
amendment, vhich was read, the bill for the relief
of Samuel Ciapui,
By Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, wii'i an amendment, which
wes read, tne bih to establish an additional land
d.-ttiCt .a the S a e of A'abama.
Also, made aa adverse report on tee petition of
Isaac Thoma<; which was ordered to be printed.
Also repor.ed from same committee, with an
amendment, vb'cb. was read, the bi'l for the relief
of Frederic r. Siugran; accompanied by a report,
waich was oidered to be printed.
Also, repo.ted without amendm ^, the bill foi
ti.e reli-t of Henry Wii«on, accompanied by a rs-
por ; Uivch wa-> ordered to be prrted.
A so i -ported, without amendmeat, the following
bills, viz.
A b'l' 'or th  benefit of tbe Selmaand Tennes-
see F.ai roíd CimpiPj; and
A bilí to arj'honze the Legislature of >hi State of
Louisiana to sell the land  heretofore appropriated
tor the use oí «ononis in thai State.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from ihe Committee on
Commerc, report-d back, without amendment, the
bilí allowing drawback upon foreign merchandise
exported in ongmal packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, in Mexico
Mr. SEVIER, from th? Committed en Pennon*.
