84
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
so to do. Where were these special instruction ?
Let the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Atherton,] if he were disposed to abolish the
Committee on Manufactares, (and it amounted
to that,) bring forward a resolution instruct-
jng the Committee of Ways and Means
to consider not only what he (Mr. S)
had read from the President's message, but
also the sub] est of discrimination not only for the
purpose of mere revenue, but for the purpose of
protection. Would the gentleman do that? or did
be suppose that the Committee of Ways and
Means would consider the subject for a moment,
if that was not done? Mr. S. considered the
amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, if it should prevail, as tantamount to a de-
claration on the part of this House that it would
have no examination at all int > tms question. He
appealed to gentlemen oa all sides, from the East
and the West, the North and the South, of all
parties, to say whether the House was prepared to
come to a vote which shou'd speak such a lan-
guage as that. He did not know but what gentle-
men from New Hampshire might be prepared even
for that They had been a long time in a wrong
school; they might have tccome perverted, or in-
clined to abandon the true interests of the Sta'e,
(and those true interests were the same as mose of
the State of Vermont ) He supposed th t they
were ready to abolish the Committee on Manufac-
tures, and to come here and shut the door
against all examination into these great and
important inters sts. If the gentleman meant
that, Mr. S. wished he would come his point
at or.ce, directly and not indirectly. Mr S wished
that the gentleman would come out boldly, as the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] had done,
and move to lay the resolution the table, with a
view of abolishing the Committee on Manufac-
tures. Why had not the gentleman from New
Hampshire done so' If he (Mr. S ) recollected
right, that gentleman had once declared that that
could not be done indirectly wh ch Congress had
the power to do directly. Here was thegentleman
violating his own rule, and seeking to do indirect-
ly that which the gentleman from Virginia was
willing to do openly, directly, and above
board. To refer the subject to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would be in effect to
say that there should be no examination into it;
and what then was to become of all the petitions
which had been sent there in relation to n? Did
gentleman suppo'e that in the present state of ihe
question of tariff and protection the petitioners
were going to remain silent?   It could not be.
But it was m the highest degree unparliamen-
tary to tefcr this subject to the Committee of Wajs
and Means     Tne parliamentary rule—that was
to-day, the spirit of the parliamentary rule__was,
that a subject should be referred to «wh a commit-
tee as would be favorable to the object prayed for
because, if th's was not done, the child (10 use the'
language of parliamentary commentators) was put
into the hands of a nure th?t would s rang'e'it.
The object was, that the case should be exhibit d
by the committee in such a vay as to present to
the legislative body a fan view < f the desires of the
petitioners. 4.nd if it ht-d been understood, at the
commencement of the s^ion, that 'ae Comrmt'ee
of Ways and Mf-ans were to take copmzarce of
it is subject, it w uld have been diffeicruy consti-
tuted—<\R l he would no x say tnat if the C jramit-
tee on Manufactures was (in effect) to b¿ aoolish-
eJ, the Committee of Ways and Mean? ought to
be re-organized The Committee on Manufac-
tures bad b en organized with a view to this patti-
cular subject It was composed of six members
in favor (Mr S was understood to say) of tbe
protective sjs'em, and three opposed to it. This
wasas it shou'd be.
After dwelling on the position that the reference
to tne Committee of Ways and Means wou'd
amount, m effect, to an abolition of the Commitire
on Manufacures, Mr. S went into an elaborate
historical review of he origin of ihe protective sys-
tem—tracing its subsequent progiess from the ori-
gin of the Government, as sanctioned by the re-
coma endat,ons of every successive President, from
Washington to Jackson. For this purpos , and in
illuptrauon of his views, and to show that the pro-
tec'ive sjstem had been recommended and follow-
ed up as the permanent and enduring policy of
the country,,he quoted largely from Executive
communications, laying especial stress oa those
proceeding from Jefferson and Madison.
Mr S concluded by an urgent appeal to the
House to send to the appropriate Committee on
Manufactures this great subject of protection to
Amencan Manufactures—a subject which, he said,
bad now arrived at a most critical and eventful
period in its history. If ever there was a time
when it needed examination and investiga ion, that
time was the present.
Mr SOLLERS of Maryland obtained the floor;
but (it being now fifteen minutes to three o'clock)
gave way to a motion to adjourn; which was sus-
pended for a moment, and
Mr STANLY moved that his colleague, Mr.
Shefperd of North Carolina, be excused from fur-
ther service as a member of the Committee on
Public Expenditures, on account of ill health;
which motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER law before the House the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasur),
which, on motion of Mr. FILLMORE, was re-
ferred to tbe Committee of Ways and Means, and
the usjal number and ten thousand extra copies,
thereof were ordered to be printed.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
AsBuav Dickins, esq. Secretary, stating lhat that
body had passed a bill of this House, entitled, "A
bill making appropriations in part for the Civil De-
partment for the year 1842 "
Also, an act for the relief of James Smith, of
Arkansas, and asking the assent of the House
thereto ]
The motion to adjourn was then put and agreed
to—
And the House adjourned.
Mr. Arrington of North Carolina yesterday ap-
peared m his seat in the House of Representatives
from which we learn he has been detained till this
time by severe indisposition.
Mr. Brockwat also resumed his seat in the
House yesterday, which indisposition prevented
im from occupying during the last week.
IN SENATE,
Tuj^day, Dec  21, 1841.
Mr. MOREHEAD  of Kentucky appeared in
hio seat.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate presented a
a petition from sundry citizens of New York in re-
lation to slavery; the motion to receive which
was, on motion of Mr. Mooton, ordered to lie on
the tpble.
Also, from other citizens, asking such a change
of the Constitution as would secure the election of
President and Vce President by a direct vote of
oí the people.
Mr. PRENTISS preserted a petition from cer-
tain etizens of Vermont for the aoolishment
of slavery. Motion to receive ordered to he on the
table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two peti ions fiom
Chester cou'ity, Pennsylvania, for the aboiifo-i of
siavry in the District of Columbia, and one for the
abolí ion of the =lave trad , ih  rrotion to íeceive
which was, on motion of Mr. Linn, ordered tc 4e
on the table.
Ou motion of Mr. BENTON, the papers of
Qsi Ciwcn weie taken from tne ales ot the Se-
nate, and referred to the Corns u^e on Ciai-ns.
Mr. MoROBERTS presented petition  from a
great number of the citizens of Illinois, Iowa, ard
Indiana, icrthe establishment of a tn weekly mail
from Indianapolis to íowa C ty, by Peoria, in the
State of Illinois, io said City oí Iowa, in the Terri-
tory of Iowa.
Also, a petition from citizens of the counties of
Labile, Livingston, and Iroquois, m the State ot
U noi , for the establishment of a mai1 route from
Peru, in Lasalle county, by Por-uac, m Illinois to
Lafayeue, Inm-ana, which were, on his rrotion, re-
feired to the Committee on tae Post Office and
Post Roads
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Heze-
kiahL Thidle, late a captain of volunteers m the
service of the United States, praying compensa-
tion for a horse shot by order of his commanding
officer : referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PHSRCE submitted documents in relation
to the claim of the heirs of Daniel Pettibone s re.
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the petition of Don-
can L Clark, praying indemnification for losses
sustained by the destruction of his property m con-
sequence of its occupancy by the United States
troops as a military post: referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN,
Ordered, That the petition of Darnel Kliss be
taken from the files of ihe Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Nav8l Affairs.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, it was
Ordered, That the communication from the Go-
vernor oí Maryland, transmuting an act passed by
the Legislature of that State in relation to the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, be referred to the
Ccmmiitee on Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, it was
Oideied, That the petition of John H. Hall be
taken fro n the files ot the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr PRESTON, it was
Ordered, That tue petition of Charles Breenan
be taken from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims 
On mo ion of Mr. RIVES, it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the
claims of the heirs of General Toomas Nelson be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John H. Mcintosh
be taken trom the tiles of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BARROW, oh leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of Va'leuan Allan; which, after having
received the first, and by special order, a second
reading, was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims
Also, a bill for the relief of George D. Passau of
Louisiana, which packed through its second read-
ing m the same manner, and was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. LINN introduced, on leave, a bill for the
relief of certain Missouri volunteers, commanded
by Captains Stephenson, Pollard, Sconce, Atchison,
and Crawford, read the second time by special
order, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs,
On motion of Mr BAYARD, the Committee on
Naval Aftair  uas discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of the widow of Jo*
ssph Gasett.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported adversely on the petition of
Na'hamel Gunnison.
A'so, reported irom the same committee, with-
out amendment, the bill increasing the pay of cer-
tain officers of revenue cutters, while serving in
the navy of the Um ed States.
Also, reported from the same committee, a bill
for the relief of the J*galrepre enta'ives of Aaron
Vail, -"ee ased,Iat_ Consul at L'Oi em, which was
parsed to i sppor^ icad ng.
Mr. eMITH, from the Commi tee on Public
Lands r-porttd, i hout a r cismen , trie bill for
rieptr>«r a re viand d^mctia be S a'e of Mis-
souri, isnd for changing tbe boundary of the south-
western ir,J wesiern  at j di   ncmn said State.
Tne foil wmg bnL were ínir djced on leave,
egrceably to no ice here otore given, read the first
and a second Hie by special order, and appro-
dnitely referred
By Mr BATE? a bul for there! ef of the Steam-
boat Company of Nantucket referred to the Com-
mittee en t^e Post Office and Post Roads-
By Mr GEVIER a bill for the relief of sundry
citi/ensof Aikan'-as, who lost ihe r improvements
in censequence of a treaty beti een the United
State and the Choctsw Indiano
REPORT UPON THE FISCAL AGENT
The PRESIDENT y>ro tern laid before the Se-
nate the following report from the Secretary of the
Treasury, which «as ordered to be printed
The Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance
with the resolution of the House of Representative
