CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.    &
of the 15th instant, has the honor of submitting fie
draught of a bill for the establishment of a Buard
of Exchequer at the seat of Government, with
agencies m the several States and Territories.
In preparing this bill, it has been his intention to
keep within, and to fill up, the gene al outline of
the measure, as proposed in the message of the
President at the opening of the session, but he
does not flatter himself that it will be found so per-
fect in its details as not to require modifications
and careful revision by the two Houses of the
Legislature.
As this measure has, necessarily, been for some
time under the consideration oí the President and
his constitutional advisers, the undersigned is di-
rected by him to accompany the b'll witn a gene-
ral exposition of the views entertained by him, and
concurred in. by tkatn, respecting it.
In what manner and under what securities the
public money shall be kept; in what manner, or
whether in any manner, this Government soill at-
tempt to supply a sound paper medium for pay-
ments to ths Treasury, and for the general uses
of the  people; m  wnat  manner, or wheiher m
any manner, it shall attempt to benefit the general
business of the country, by furnishing facilities of
exchange, are questions which have not ceased to
agitate the community   for eight y eats     Upon
these questions muc'i opposition of opinion has
prevailed, and ardent an 1 intense political contro-
versies and struggles have been founled.    It is
time that this sta'e of tilings  we*e brought to  an
end.   It is time that such provisions were made
for th<3 custody of the revenue as that .he people
may feel that the publ'c treasures are safe    It is
time, too, tb.it in  relation to  currency and ex
change, individuals, may know what they have to
expect, or  whether they ma/  expect  any tamg
from the measures of Government.    Doubt and
uncertainty m this respect constitute  the worst of
all conditions.    They affect every mat's means of
lmnz, and, instead of giving encouragement, and
applying a stimulus to individual exertion and
effon, check the  band of industry, suppress the
spirit of en'erprise, and bring stagnation and pa-
ralys * upon the productive powers of the coun-
try.   On subjects so vitally connected with man's
personal aid domestic welfare, the people  have a
ngnt to require that what is to be done should be
don? without further delay, in ordcr tLal they may
accommodate themselves to ,l¡e polic/ ci the Go-
vernment, whatevei   that pobcy a ay be,  and be
prepared to give a corresponding c ree'icn to their
ota mdus ry and bu^iue s    The great want of the
countr> i1- the  want tf ooiift enc  • c ¡. ndinc? m
the steadiness and s abi' y of the poi.cy or the Go-
vernnwni; confidence r. taat  uhien  rcgu'a'es >^e
value of property and  the wages of labor, and
confidence m the ■«s'ab'i'-b.ment and preservation of
the necessary and ordmary means of exchanging
production against production, and of bujiug and
selling wi h security, so that the intercourse be-
tween different parts of the country may be carried
on with its  former activity and usefulness.   The
object of the plan suggested to Congre-s m the Pre-
sident's message, and now presented for its conside-
ration in the form of a bill, i> to establish this con-
fidence, and lo gi'/* the country iianqailnty.   It is
designed to teraima e contentions of long s andmg,
and lo te1* ore that peac, qjiet, and -at>-ac.i^n
v uh   \e s-ta e oí pt bi.e a! ut% w .bout «huh men
cannit pu sue t' eir "ica   i o either \ i'h c eerfui-
ne«s oc v i h >ucot s.     1 ,iW he ci nilici ot wide-
ly d 'Kr i i o i   i )   , «. mea a e is  ¡ec in i° ided
wt«ic>"/oiuo c\ f^ra s on  both s   es     Itpro.-oes
less, f.<r it s,  tu i   n.iy i inK  i   derivóle ihat
Gove i' in,     in  1 Jo, oi  atunpt to  do and it
the sa ne t me   ir "   o  th,ui o he s   are re dv o
recomíien i     1 a > i-ruju-. raed um, i fominen
£r.und, oi rlvrh 'In e m?> c 1 i «¡-i <> ctno who
mghtjet fiuh  n  go  H't her  <>ii1  owvc  ll  y
may  -d'Aicf  "   ho t s   i rtP'  i \ v ho v oold
iv.w'ts lnve re      i to I,. I    n r' op it    I'
do^s not a emii  Ii   ulf     a  npt al bv omine
sine-,   .no,'i r  a  _i iti<   ! ui  i se     t   'ci"s¡ nd
discoui is, ,nl r> in uuiiPit   >   r se to per-
form tie  i ri nity íuru i i,s ii  a l'«         Oa ths
ol - r han 1, it tl ifs not proper .o Itvk up the pub-
lic Kioac>i iioni the'.me of collection to the time
time of disbursement, nor to demand specie pay-
ment for every debt due to the Government;
making no attempt, at the same t.m?, to furnish
the country with either currency or exchange, and
entirely contenting itself with securing specie pay-
ments into the Treasury. In these respects it dif-
fers from the system established by the law, now
repealed, generally called the Sub-Treasury act.
It is not intended here to discuss the respective
merits of these two sytems, which may be re-
garded as extreme opponents of each other. But
it may be proper to say, m regard to a Bank of the
United Siates, that if there were m no quartei aay
constitutional objection to the crea ion of such an
institution, it would nevertheless not have been re-
commended to Congress, in the present condition of
things, as a measure likely to afford relief to the
country. Such it, the condition of the currency,in
many of the States, such t^e deplorable depression
of general credit, produced by that cond.tion of the
currency and other caut.es, and such the ex suns;
prt ssure in the money market, arising, as is be-
I.eved, m a great degree from want of confidence,
that there is little probability that pnva'e subscrip-
tions, payable in specie, would be obtained to any
bank wnh an ordinary charter. This opinion is
strengthened by the fact, that stx per cent, siocks
of the United htates, now m the market, go siowly
and heavily into private hand ; and although thi'
is d< ubtle s partly attnbjtable to the short period
w thin wnich those stocks are mude redeemaole,
yet he general frtct concurs with other reasons m
producmr a ful. convicti n that it woald be useless
at the present moment to attempt the creation of a
bank, with a capital to be funmhed principally by
private subscription?, and irtended to discount,
throcgii its branches, bills and notes in all parts of
the country, even if constitutional obj^dons v*re
out oí the wav. And m regard to the Sub-Treasury
sys'em, it is perhaps enough to say that it is sup-
posed aremra to that system, at any time hereaf-
ter, is an event highly improbable.
Eeiween these—a bank on the one hand, a*3d
the system of the Sub-Treasury on the other—the
present plan is offered, seeking to avoid the ob-
jections which exist to each, and to accomplish, to
some extent, the good designed by both. The
plan, such as it is, will be receive} and considered,
it i  not doubted, in a spirit of candor and conci-
liat on, and «win a disposition, rot so much to per-
sist m the pursuit of what may be unattainable, as
to turn to the greatest piae'ieable aVanta^e of the
eoumry tne use of all those means, the emploj-
mant of wmeh ra^y be expec ed to meef the g re-
ía concu.rence
Tae bi'l now =ubmitt«d may be considered as
havirg thre pnncipal objects m view-
1st   Tne «afe keep'ng of the public moneys.
2d   The furnishiBg, as well for safe and conve-
nient payments to the Treasury as for the u*e of
the country, a paper circuia'ion a'way? equivalent
to gold and silver, and of universal credi*.
31. A p ovision for supplying, io some extent,
the meLns oi a cheap and aafe exchange m the
commerce Vtveen the several States'*
Of ihe high importance of the first of these ob-
ject, no one can entcttam a d"ubt The public
moneys a-e rec-tved by Gorcrnmen',from the peo-
ple, u-r the necessary uses-ot me coontry, ac-or\-
mg to ¡be Consututiuii arl ought ewi 'ob? es-
te i ed a acred tnst The) a'e carted by the in-
dustry of tie people, fiu, while s:1 e'y gn-rded
pad fppliei rn 3 U really nee s-rv and cot'i u-
do. ai nurpos -,  i5i \>^ c ec ¡v K coi r bu'el K •
a pcstiiO ioo >ji i i/ IHporn  a   * n.->t
io b "s «at s >, od a -s -nl a 'at h ,.1 a1 i ¡
t a'i n Ciiir h-1 tben . ga nsi Lid vat* ¿id
u I* las ,ne 'Liia'^i v' a P esi u '
s , i„ i , i s' 'iv iv as ,t! ¡> J nub, t^qfver
d< i ar os bv un'' 'hf c^« n . face, tf -4, to c e
Hie ? ntw chi"-e r> ion t1' • ¡e^pe, a- u th's
i IS ca a ii kep' «Cv 1 y or u o eon a 'ly
v<ew.
Teb's ard dues a"r ,¡ n~ n he U nfl. pi- esa e
p.al, m lit-fi s place,into th "^ t b' p ro
p late collectors ami recirei I"> ihts hands tne
sjfoty cf thefimslsis supposed to be secured In
meintearitv and care of me tSoer, and the safh
Ciency of his official  bonds, tad  by the en'orce-
11 meat of a strict system of frequent accounting. Itt
I the early history of the Government, and some-
times at more recent periods, when public mo-
neys were to be used for their proper purposes,
the dr?f'sof the Treasury have been made direct-
ly on the.e first recipients. At other times, and
when there has been a Bank of the United States
in existence, the law has required that those mo-
neys should be deposited in such Bank.
By ihe act of June, 1836, it was provided that
pub'ic moneys should be deposited in certain State
nanks, called deposite banks; and, finally, by the
Sub-Treasury act, they were to be iept by the
mint and its branches, and by certain officers called
receivers general.
In all these modes of securing, or attempting to
secure, the safety of the public treasures, it is oh-
viott1! .hat the mam reliance, after all, has been
placed m the hones'y and integrity of public offi-
cer?; there being superadded, however, in the case
of deposites with banks, the guarantee suppose to
be afforded by their capital; and in ihe case of in-
dividuáis, a security by the execut.on of official
bonds, with responsible sureties. But in none of
these modes, any more than in any thing else
which becomes the subject of human trust in hu-
man hand-, could it be affirmed that thefunds were
absolute'y secured, and safe beyond all possibility
of loss or danger. Committed to the care of the
deposite banks, to the skill of their officers and the
pledge of their capital, we know from experience
that the public money was not safe. Deposited
with a Bank of the United States, although no loss
evei actually happened from such deposite, we
I now see enough to know that there was danger,
and that the safety of the public money depended
upon a degree of discretion ro the management
of the jnstitu'ion, of the existence and con-
tinuance of which we had not, and could
not have, perfect assurance And, under the
operauon of the Sub-Treasury law, every
thing resolved itself, at last, into confidence in.
the honesty and integrity of agents, and the suffi-
ciency of their bond*;. There were, it is true,
chambers and vaults, with thick walls and strong
lcck% but human hands held the keys. Under that
system of public custody, the same temptations ex-
isted which surround men of doubtful principles or
wavering integrity in o'her situations of public
trnst, and if the system had continued, these temp-
tations weie a' likely to have shown the r power
over those employed under it as they have done in
other crses.
It is confidently believed thai the present bill
contains all that is pract.cable, and can be useful,
towards establishing a safe custody or plaee of
keeping of the funds of Government. The system
which it proposes will evidently possess some emi-
nent advantages of safety over a bank. In banks,
excessive loans, and a d ^position, often prompsed
by their own interest, to cairy their accommoda-
tions to quite unreasonable lengths, are a great
source of danger. The Board of Exchequer will
be free from this. It is to make no leans and to
gi-, e no accommodations. Op> rations in exchange,
when founded in real business transacions, are
usually safe in well conducted banks. Indeed re-
s' lai derlmg m exchange is 'he safest of a'l bank-
ing transactions and, in >h s rcpect, the present
¡ measure promises still greater safe'y than attends
he same ousme«s m barbs, from the strict limita-
tions iTjf-0'Ed o-i it, and the absence if all motive
to run i' io excess. Bar's , too, as «a have seen,
ar sometí res induce! to depart alt geiher from
0 ,rc ir sphere ci nosme ', and to entangle
t <■ mse'ves <*!ih c rr ne-e al <{,ecuist 03<s But into
ro ^uch sp;c tai'tn  vi 1 the Board of Excieq-'er
There is f? uiy, tVrefo-e, lcs danger n  \e
s stem no.v proposed la  'n a bark, s^ Ur ai
t'a ser arises 'rom ihe n arnerm which t-e p .bi'e
fu"fs n i be i.e ¡vhieinilltt lt'psp^c's ns
adi'rtTrs.sarpfc; 'al !o ibo eot he be   t, «jc'ed
bink . " insuutiot s
I> ma; be s-i Í thai n 's t '¿a <\ i s, n a ica«t ,
to suffer the pubuc lands, to he en[>ov>*\ many
decree, ¡a exchange or o I er ie« ng I ¡t be ad-
mitted that th s obj-clnn i «-o ivitiom us. lore-,
it must be acknowledged, at the sam>" time, ou
1
