36
the other hand, that these funds would be used, ||
not oaly for purposes of exchange, but m general
accommodation loans, and to a gr«at and often
dangerous extent, by any bank in which they should
be deposited. But if, after all, it be regarded as
possible that occasional losses may happen from
dealing in exchange, with the limitations provided
in the bill, it will then be for Congress to decide,
whether a danger so contingent shall induce it to
reject the bill, and to prefer a system which locks
up from all use every dollar of the public money,
from, its receipt to its disbursement. As the evil
of thus withholding so large a portion of the circu-
lation from the general uses of society, by retain-
ing it until wanted for disbursement, is manifestly
a great evil, especially if the funds thus withdrawn
be in the precious metals, it ought not to be suffered
to e«<t, unless the danger from the adoption of
another system be equally manifest.
A plain, practical, and important public good
ought not to give way to daagers of doubtful occur-
rence, or likely to be slight in degree, if they should
occur. Some risks must be run, whenever any
thing important is attempted in regard to revenue
and finance, as well as in other business of life,
and the true question must always be, whether the
danger of loss be so clear and so great as to over-
balance the evident and certain benefits. And it
is to be borne m mmd, also, ihat although the pre-
sent measure has not profit to Government or aug-
mentation of revenue for us object, yet that the ope-
rations of the Exchequer are expected to result m
some amount of earnings; so that, if occasional
losses should occur, such earnings ma> make them
good.
The Board of Exchequer, it is to be presumed,
will be composed of men of high character, known
to the country, and possessing its confidence
It will be their duty to superintend and watch
o/er the condust of those who pay out and receive
money from day to day, and to demand from all
such agents proper bonds, with responsible sureties,
and it will be their duty also, to prescribe and
enforce a system of regular and prompt accoun -
mg, which shall know neither indulgence nor
delay. At the principal board, and at each
agency, the business of eve y day may be
closed, and each subordinate ofl cer called on to
account for his receipts, before the day itself close*
Over this Board the Secretary of the Treasury viil
exercise a superintending power, by the right of
calling for all account?, general and particular, as
often as he pleases. And, finally, the absolute au-
thority of Congress will exist over the whole
Congress will have created no corporation, it will
have conferred no privileges or benefit , except on
the public, it will have granted no vested rights to
individuals, it will have parted with no portion of
its own power, but its authority will reman to
amend, to ¡supervise throughout, or to abolish alto
gether the system, at all time:., according to its own
pleasure.
If entire trust may not be reposed in an institu-
tion thus guarded, it can only be because humaj
beings cm never be the objects of absolute confi-
dence, nor human skill always adequate to the ac-
complishment of uf objects,
Nor is the plan justly ''able to the cbjection
that it creates a union oí the purse and the sword,
by giving to the Etteuiive the custody or control
of 'he public mon-y Far otherwise Tie Presi-
dent cannot touch a dollar of the ¡jublic "O e/, by
hij o vn authon y, nor crange is cusoly T.ie
Sectary of the Treasury cannot touch a uoll r,
nor change its custody, except to meet the occa-
sions of the pubbc service, and oy p public official
act Whoever shall come <o ttic Exchequer for
nirney, ma t sho j the law of Corig-.fi,;, under
which he cornil, «nd no pjym^nt can be made
b it in compliance *nth such lav Until appro-
priations are mi dp by law, the President wi 1 have
no more authority than any other individual in the
country to tak? a farthing from the Exchequer
Ths pur e, then, is effectually severed from he
sworl, the (xecutive power is confined to >is pro-
per function of executing the laws of Cmgre s,
and discharging us Oiher high constitutional duties,
and the public funds will be in their proper place,
entirely beyond his reach or control, until Con-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gress shall appropriate them to their destined pur-
poses. Prom that time they will go mto the hands j
o>" disbursing agents-, as the public service may re- •■
quire, protected still by official responsibility and
adequate bend-, and still beyond any interference
by the Executive power in ihe Exchequer, there-
fore, the public treasures will be safe—safe against
the usual causes of loss and danger, and safe from
Executive control.
But the Exchequer is expedidlo do more thai?
merely to keep safely the public money,
Its second object is to furaish a sound paper cir-
culation, in which debts to the Government may
be paid, and which may also be useful to the com-
merce and general business of the country. The
first of tuese functions u purely fiscal, fend the in-
strumentality of such a paper medium, in certain
exigencies of the country, may become indispen-
sable to the exerc.se of the highest duties of Go-
vernment.
In so reasoning upon this subject, as to come
to any practical conclusions, it is necessary to con
sider some things as settled and certain. Among
these, one of primary importance is, that a paper
circulation exists in the country, and that there is
not the least d obability of its ceasing to exist.
The States possess the power of creating banks of
circulation; they exercise this power; many of them
derive not unimportant revenues from its exercise,
and some of (hem even have established banks, of
which they are themselves proprietors. No man
can reasonably expect to see the day when they
will relinquish this power, or refrain from lis ex-
ercise.
In the next place, experience has confirmed the
truth, beyond the possibility of doubt or question,
that paper of State bank' cannot be of universal
circu'ation and credit, there never has been, and
there is not now, any one Stale bank whose notes
pass readily from hand to hand, as equivalent to
spscie, over all parts of the country. Many of
these local institutions! are perfectly sound, are well
administered, and their credit in their own neigh-
borhood entirely good and unquestioned. But, from
the very nature of things, their credit is and must be
local only. It cap never be universal The people
are acquainted with the institutions of their own re-
i «pect've States., and generally understand the
| ground of the claims of such institutions to confi-
dence and respect They pay attention aho to
wfea'ever is established by the General Govern-
ment, because tbey have an interest in the laws
which itpa-ses. But the people, that is to say, the
great mass of productive earners of one State, can-
not, generally speaking, be acquainted with the
moneyed insatutions of othsi and distant States.
In most cases, they do not even know such institu-
tion'  by name How, then, can they give them
their confidercc' We see ¡hev do not g've it, even
where it might be most sa'ely bestowed T"¡<°y
prefer lh° paper of their o ivn banks, though they
know it to be depreciated, to the paper oí othpr
bunks, because they have confidence in the
institu pas of their own Siate, and be-
cause they know the amount of deprecia-
tion on the paper of such banks, whereas of
the value of a not.' of a distan' bank th-y are
wholly ignorant But this knowledge, whjch the
gr<=at mass of the c immunity does not possess, fro
rts and money dealer-, do, and they use 1* skd-
fully to tKeir own advatitpge. A farmer of Virgi-
nia will hesuate to refuse in i pajment a Hev
Yorknrte He w 11 pref r Vir¡<i> ía pa^c-, al
rsotgh he knojs it is no' equivalent to spec e, bp-
c.use he can form so. ie opinion of it, value, while
o theNe v York no' hc kno v nrth'ng But the
b r of the Kew York note, pt tne same t"ne, is
able to drpose of it at the lira bnk r's office at a
large pierniu-n.
Every man m the habit of observing wi at pao'es
around lira must ever/ day s e the exi "leicn of
Ihis slate of thng , and its irevitab'e consequence
is, to throw the 'o,s of dtprec ¡>tion on ti  1-ibon-
ons and productive clasSCo. Whersver bad Daper
eaculates, it is theindus'nonsanJ ihe hard working
who suffei fiist, and suffer longest, and suffer most.
But it is not intended to pursue this part of the sub*
ject further tnan to illustrate and coafirm the truth
that no State bank, founded on Whatever capital'
administered by whatever degree of fidelity and
skill, csn obtain ihat familiar character, and that
established and well known ciedit, which shall give
its bills circulation through all classes, in any
amounts, and in ail parts ot the country
Now, another most important truth, equally well
settled by experience, r , that paper ij£uea for ctr 
culation, under the authority or with ihe sanction
of the Government of the United State*, does ae-
quire and retain this advantage of known and un-
questioned   character  and   wn.veisal confidence.
No matter whether 'he note or bill present itself in
Maryland or Missouri, Mame or Georgia, if it pro-
;  mise payment in specie, on demand, and that pro-
1 mi e be supposed to be guarantied by the character
and credit of the Government, it springs immedi-
ately to a value equtvaleit to specie.   The impress
of the National Government, connecttd  with the
fact of its immediately  convertibility, stamos the
paper with a mark of perfect and universal reliance,
because all the people, in all the States, are alike
in'ere-led m the General Government, alike ac-
quainted with its proceedings-, and have like faith «•
in paper to which it gives its sanction.    We seem
to be called upon, therefore, to act on this subject
with three important truths made clear before us:
first, that a paper circulation will continue among
us; second, that no paper circulation of universal
credit can ever be furnished by State banks; third,
that such a paper can be furnished under the au-
thority of the Government of the United States.
It is under the influence of these realities that it
is now proposed to issue, to «.orne extent, a paper
currency, according to the provisions of this bill.
lis uses are expected to be twofold in the first
place, as already stated, it will furnish a safe pa
per medium, m which payments may be made to
Government of all debts and taxes Few per-
sons, perhaps, are sufficiently impres-ed with
what would be the value of this, in certain emer-
gencies.
Debts to Government are now to be paid m spe-
cie, or lha notes of specie-paying bank* Let us
suppose that some exigency should come suddenly
upoithecountry,requiring the ircmediate assess-
ment of heavy taxes, and that the same exigency
siould corppel aH the Sta'e banks to suspend spe-
cie payments. In such a posture of affairs how
could taxes be paid1* Of specie tnere would be ht-
t'e to be had; of thy bills of specie paying banks,
none Government would be driven by absolute
necessity to the vs  of pap°r resting on its own
credit, and created foi the occasion. It would have
no other resource All must see how vastly use-
fi>l the system now proposed would be, upon the
happer'ng ft such an emergency. The Exche-
quer woukl be found m cperati n, and in posses-
sion of a certain quantity of sDec e; its notes
would hf ve become familiar to the public; it
it v ould have, ¡n addi'ion to ts specie and its own
e i<.bl -¡hed character, tne amount of revenue,
whatever that amocmt migiit|oe, to sustain ¡ts crcu-
lation. Ii would furnish note  fcr disbjrsement,
and rectv3 them for taxes With hese means,
and by faithful and skilful management, though it
might b.  embarrassed by the prostration ot other
irsiitutio'is around it, i would sail retun its own
credit, and that credit would be a vivitying and
fruc'ifymg germ amidst g reral bl ¿lit and barren-
ness.
But th s pait of ihe bi" lias another purpose
equally or njl more impor an Tie measure is
intended for the pe pie as well as for t^e Govern-
m^it. The iss„c of Treasury nries a v?/s re-
deemable n gold or silver, and the use o[ them m
pa?m nH trom tre Ticasury ann in the purchase
ofcycnangp, nnnot bol be bTefc ¿I, tii\ conceiv-
ed, ¡n a h gh c'tg ee, to th° i ho¡e commerce and
a'l he bu me s "o> corns of the eountry
In thiM pari of its operation the sjstem presents
if elf a¿ benoficcn did pndujn/e of essenual
good I  seeks rot G>verrnnent emolument or
Govrrnrornt c nven ence only, but ihe public good,
the eord of the people, in ihe largest and most
comprehensive sense. Its efTtct is to give to the
people, to tbeir labor, <i id ihcu n. ernal trade, tne
activity of fnnds which would otherwise be locked
up, and to give them, at the same time, good mo-
ney.    It employs those fund  to sustain credit, to
