II
C0NGBE89IQKA|> G&OBE.
and of bringing them home immediately, and with-
out loss, is a power or faculty of no mean im-
portance, in the bando of those whose business
leads them to form commercial connections in
such distant parts. This power or faculty the mea-
sure under consideration proposes to confer impar-
tially on all, to the extent of its means. And its
capacity for good, in this respect, is confidently
left to the judgment of those whose practical expe-
rience has rendered them most competent to de-
cide.
As to any dangerous consequences from un-
toward influences in buying or selling exchanges, it
is to be again observed that the Exchequer can lend
money to nobody; it can furnish capital to no one
to begin, carry on, or uphold his business; it only
seeks to enable any one to place his funds where he
needs them; and this, as it will be seen, is to be
done under snch restrictions as that all idea of ac-
commodation, and therefore all idea of partiality
or favor to individuals, is eifectually repelled. All
real borrowing "and lending is excluded, and bills
are to be taken on snch time only as is necessary
for ordinary notice, and the usual transmission of
intelligence.
Over operations, legun and completed in so
short a time, and which are to be carried on in the
face of the commercial community—operations
which allow so little of favor or accommodation
to any—it is not likely that unjust or partial local
influences, far less likely that any pernicious cen-
tral influences, will exercise control.
It may be objected to all dealing in exchanges,
that parties on bills will become debtors to Go-
vernment; that in case of any general pressure
they will petition for relief, and thus embarrass
Government, as well by neglect of punctuality of
payment as by importunity for indulgence, it is
readily admitted thatíthe delicate relation of debtor
and creditor should be avoided, as far as may be,
between Government and the people. But in many
cases it must exist. The imposition of every tax
creates that relation; every custom-house bond
creates it, and it is ibund in many other forms.
But a better answer to this objection is, that the
credit, so far as any may arise under the opera-
tions of this bill, will be a commercial credit, of
all others the most unlikely to be violated—of a
few days' continuance only, existing between the
Government and each individual, by himself, out
of which no common cause, no common interest
in delay, no common importunity for relief, can
well arise.
As the great object of the whole measure is to put
an end to controversies, and give repose, it is left
to the States to prohibit the practice of private de-
posites and dealings in exchange within their re-
spective limits, if any of them shall so see fit. Of
Such prohibition no apprehension is entertained,
yet the less scruple has been felt in recommending
the the provision, as it may avoid difficulties, by
manifesting a disposition neither to tread on any
questionable ground, nor to give rise to unneces-
sary differences of opinion.
The plan will present itself to all the States and
all the people, ¡t proposes general benefit to all;
and no fear is entertained lest either the States or
the people should examine it with too close a scru-
iny.
The section which authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue, if found necessary, five mil-
lions of stocks, is designed as a provision against
contingencies incident to the flue uations of trade.
In an agent of Government, such a3 is now pro-
posed to be created, it is proper that there should
exist every security for the maintainance of its cre-
dits. Misfortunes may fall on private institutions,
in the revulsions of commerce and business, and
tney may be compelled to stop payment; but what-
ever is identified with the character of Government
should be placed on the safest possible foundations.
As the means of the country are most ample, its
credit high, and the burdens of the people fight,
there is wisdom in giving to the Exchequer the
power of immediate resort, in case of necessity,
to the unstained and unquestionable faith of the
nation. There should be no hesitation, no scru-
ple, nó lingering doubt, about the ability of the in.
stitntion now proposed to be established, to  fulfil
with punctuality all its engagements, tinder any
occurrences not of force to disturb the Government
itself.
Such are the general views of the important
measure which now invites the consideration of the
Legislature.
The extremes of public sentiment on the sub-
jects embraced in this bill, are embodied in the
system of the Sub-Treasury on the one hand,
and in a Bank of the United States on the other.
The great problem now propounded to practi-
cal statesmanship is, whether repose and re-
conciliation of opinion can be attained, whe-
ther an end can be put to distressing doubts and
exasperated controversies, touching the • policy of
the Government, by the adoption of an interme-
diate system; a system exercising no ungranted
power, establishing no monopoly, bestowing no in-
defeasible rights, attempting no divorce! of the Go-
vernment from the people; but, on the other hand,
converting the most austere, though the most indis-
pensable and plainly constitutional duty of the
Government, the collection of the taxes, into the very
means of sustaining the industry, interchanging the
commodities, and increasing the gains of those by
whom taxes are paid.
This intermediate position, the plan struck out in
in the President's message proposes to occupy. On
the one hand, it performs one grand function which
the Sob-Treasury could not and did not seek to
perform.
It asserts and recognises the constitutional duty
of cherishing and sustaining the commerce be-
tween the States, by all proper and constitu-
tional means, and turns away from nothing within
the limits of the Constitution which may support
general credit.
It admits the impolicy and impracticability,
without violence to the business of life, of coercing
an entire substitution of the precious metals for
that convertible currency which has come to oc-
cupy their place.
Bat, on the other hand, it is not a corporation; it
alarms nobody by the assertion of power to enter
the States, to engross local business, or grasp at
local gains, exempt from liability or local bur-
dens.
If a measure may ever be accomplished, as the
good sense, the fraternal sentiments, and the busi-
ness necessities of the American people must lead
them ardently to desire, by which existing elements
of discord shall be withdrawn from national poli-
tics, and the country be suffered to enjoy tranquil-
lity in things nearly affecting men's daily labor and
daily bread,§it is confidently believed that it may
be matured, by the wisdom of the Legislature, out
of the general provisions of the bill now submitted
to its consideration.
W. FORWARD,
Secretary of the Treasury.
A BILL amendatory of the several acts establish-
ing the Treasury Department.
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
Representatives of Vie United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be, and hereby
is, created and established in the Treasury Depart-
ment at the seat of the Government of the United
States, a Board, to be called the Exchequer of the
United States, to be composed of the Secretary of
the Treasury for the lime being, the Treasurer of
the United States for the time being, and three
Commissioners, to be appointed by the President,
with the advice and consent of the Senate; one
of the said Commissioners first appointed to
be appointed for two years, one for four year% and
one for six years, and vacancies subsequently oc-
curring to be so filled as that one vacancy shall re-
gularly occur at the end of every period of two
years; the said Commissioners not to be removed
from office, except for physical inability, incompe-
tency, or neglect or violation of dutv; and in case
of any such removal, it shall be the duty of the Pre-
sident to lay the reason thereof before the Senate.
And on the first organizstion of the Board, one of
the three Commissioners shall, by the members,
thereof, be elected President, who shall hold his
office for two years, when a new election shall be
made; and, in like manner, a new election shall
take place afterwards at the end of each successive
period of two years. And the Secretary of the Trea-
sury shall have authority to appoint ail such infe-
rior officers as, in the judgment of the Board, the
transaction of its business may require—the amount
of their respective compensations to be fixed by the
Board, who may take bonds for the faithful dis-
charge of their duty, for such sums, and in such
manner, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall di-
rect. And each ef said Commissioners shall re-
ceive an annual salary of------dollars.
Sec. 2 Md be it further enacted, That the said
Board of Exchequer shall have power to establish
agencies or offices in such ot the cities or towns of
the States and Territories of the United States as it
may judge expedient, not exceeding two in any
SJate or Territory, and also wherever Congress
may by law reauire the same to be established; and
such officers and agents as may, by the Board of
Exchequer, be thought necessary for the manage-
ment of such agencies, and the transaction of their
business, shall be appointed by the Secretary
of the Treasury on the recommendation of the
Board of Exchequer; and the said Board
shall have power to fix the amount of the
respective compensations of such officers, and
to provide regulations for the government of such
agencies, the transaction of their business, and the
rendering accounts of all their proceedings. And
in such regulations they shall so assign and arrange
the duties of the officers of the said agencies as
that one of those officers shall be a check and con-
trol upon the other, and for that purpose they
shall require that the accounts and proceedings of
each shell be entered in proper books. And any
of the officers of the said agencies may be removed
by the Secretary of the Treasury for physical ina-
bility, or incompetency, or neglect or violation of
duly, but it shail be his duty to state every remo-
val of any principal officer of any agency, with his
reasons therefor, in his general annual report of
the transactions of the Board of Exchequer.
Sec. 3. Md be it further enacted, That the said
Exchequer and its officers shall be the general
agents of the Government of the United States for
receiving, safekeeping, and disbursing the public
moneys, and transferring and transmitting the
same under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and all public moneys received, from
whatever seurces, shall, under the same directions,
be paid into the said Exchequer or its agencies; and
the principal officers employed in such agencies
shall give bonds to the United States for such
amount and in such form as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall prescribe for the faithful perform-
ance of their duties. And the said Board of Ex-
chequer and its several agencies shall pay all war-
rants, drafts, or orders made thereon by the Trea-
surer of the United States, and by all disbursing
officers and agents of the Government having au-
thority to make such drafts or orders. And every
such payment shall be made, at the option of the
person entitled to receive it, in gold and silver coin
or in Treasury notes.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
Exchequer and its officers shall perform the du-
ties of Commissioners of Loans, in receiving sub-
scriptions, transferring stock, and paying dividends
and interest iheretn, under the directions of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury, and shall render to the
Treasurer of the United States all necessary facili-
ties for transferring ar.d disbursing the public
funds as shall be required by him, and shall per-
form all the duties of pension agents nnder the re-
gulations pi escribed by the Secretary of War, and
shall render and perform all other duties and ser-
vices in relation to the collecting, keeping, and
disbursing of the public funds as shall be pre-
scribed by law or by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury.
Sec. 5, Mai be it further enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the Exchequer at the seat of Govern-
ment, and its several agencies, to receive on pri-
vate deposite gold or silver coin or bullion, the pro-
perty of individuals, to be held as in other cases
of deposites made by individuals for convenience
and security; and to issue certificates of the fact of
such deposite having been made; which certificates
shall always be redeemed on presentation at the
