40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sec. 2. And be ti further enacted, That from and
after the passing of this act, the nett proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, so far as the same
shall not be needed to defray the expenses, or to
pay the debts of the General Government, shall
be, and the same are hereby, pledged to the com-
mon defence of the Union, and shall be faithfully
applied to that object, from time to time, according
to the plans of defence which Congress shall adopt,
until the United States are placed m that state of
strength and security which is dne to the honor
and independence of the country, and to the pro-
tection of the rights and m'ereMs of i's citizens.
And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury, at the commencement of each stated
s ssion of Congress, to report to each House of
Congress the amount of the nett proceeds of the
public lands for the current year, and which were
not required to defray the expenses, or to pay the
debts of the United States, and the amount so re-
ported shall be, and the same hereby is, appropri-
ated to providing -uch means, and constructing
such work<¡ of public defence, by land and water,
as then may be in progress, or which Congress
sha'l order and direct, and such appropriates
shall continue until the defenees of the Union shall
be completed, and shall be in addition to the ordi-
nary annual appropriations for «uch objects
Mr. LINN remarked that he was not certain,
from the nature of the proposition, as to what com-
mittee it should go. The Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands was strongly committed on the subject,
and he could not expect to have a full hearing be-
fore it. He thought, as the bill was merely to re
peal a law disposing of the proceeds of the public
lands, and to change the appltcatun of such pro-
ceeds from the States to the national defences, that
it should go to the Committee on Military Affairs
It struck him, without consultation with any one,
that would be the proper committee.
Mr SMITH oí Indiana said, as he was directly
appealed to by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Linn] as to his course sbou'd the bill be referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, he felt it due
to candor to say that his mind had undergone no
change m relat'on to the Dtstnbution act. At the last
session the subject had been referred to the co-r-mit-
tee of wh ch he was chairman, he had reported the
bill, and it had become a law Should the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands, he
would do his duty, but his mind must undergo a ra-
dical change, which he did notanticipate, or he should
jecommerd that the bill be repoite j back to the
Senate with the recommendation that it do not
pass. The distribution law had not jet taken
effect, and he felt willing to ~-ee its operation before
he acted on the question of repeal He «¡poke for
himself, and not for the other members of the Com-
mittee on ihe Public Lands, of wluse op i,n,rs h 
knew nothing. He neither coieted nor shrunk
from the labor that might be thrown upon the
Committee on the Public Lands by the reference
of the bill to that committee He left the matter
to the good pleasure of the Senate, and would
abide its decision.
The CHAIR observed that the question wa~not
on the reference of the bill, out on it* second lead-
ing
The question was then put *on the reading of
the bill b/ its title, which was agreed to, and it was
so read
Mr. LINN now made a definite motion to refer
the bill to the Committee on Military Affa r
Mr CALHOUN remark-d that the chairman "f
rte Committee on tne Public Lands held shor n, by
what he had «aid. sufficient reason why the bil
should not be referred to tne Committee on Pub íe
Lands V there was any one parlianpntaiy rute
bet er established ¡nan anothi r, it wa*, that a u 11,
if referred at all, -should be referred 'o ,i committee
of friends to th* measure It was contrary to al1
usage to refer it to an adverse committee
Mr SMITH expla ned, and «aid he  poke only
for himself, and rot for any memoer oí the com-
mittee, wh n hs«aid he should report adversely to
the repeal of the distribution b 11.
Mr CALHOUN contended that the parliamen-
tary rule was well established that a bill on its re-
ference should not be put into the hands of any
committee the majority of Which might be adverse
to its principle*. To refer t|ie bill 16 the Commit-
tee on Pubho Lands, which had recommended the
'act it was m'ended ts repeal^ woula be a manifest
violation of the rule. He would suggest to bis
friend from MicAoun the propriety, indeed necessi-
ty, of referring h"¡ bill to a select committee. He
would wish to see the Senator himself on that com-
mittee                               s   ,
Mr. LINN observed that /the reason why he did
not propose a select comjáittee of the friends of
the bill, was that he did .foot himself wish to be
placed on the committee. There were, indeed,
many reasons why he did not wish it. He had
a vast amount of business on his hands to trans-
act for his constituents, besides much of his own
of a public character, which claimed his attention
But a paramount consideration was, that he did
not fepl himself qualified by the nature of his edu
cation or opportunities to take the lead in a mea-
sure of such vast national importance He had
supposed the Comtmttet? on Military Affairs would
not be so loaded with business as to preclude it?
consideration of the subject The chairman of
that committee, he apprehended, was not over-
whelmed with such a multiplicity of business as he
was himself. Besides, it naturally assimilated it-
self to the duties of that committee. But if the
Senate wished him to take charge of the bill as a
member of a select committee, he would endeavor
to devote all the attention in his power to it. While
he had the floor, he would say a word on the
subject of a doctrine entertained on the other
side, that the General Government had the right
to make a distribution of a portion of the general
revenue for the purpose of relievms States in debt
That it had, he utterlj denied. If the doctrine
could be entertained m reference to any of the
States, it could in reference to the whole. And to
what would this lead? Look at the condition of
many States What aid will the paltry amonnt
of this distribution give to them' Some of
the States are in debt, and some are not, which
mak-s the operation of the bill unequal. Some
want it and some! do not; whilst every man, wo-
man and cli'id in the Republic is interested in the
defence of the country Is it not important that
we should preserve ill the resources of the country,
and not lavish the treasure of the nation, confided
to Ui for the benefit of the confederacy? Will not
the passage of this repeal bill serve to keep the
States together, and preserve the Union? Are not
all the S ates now looking to Congress as the north
star which ü to guide them through the storm?
May they not exclaim, " if we lose you, we are
los ?" It seeded to him s range that it should for
a moment be con idered constitutional for this Go-
vernment to assume a^y part of the debts of the
States And vhat else did the Distribution act
amount to but thai assumption' He w?s reilly
as'onis'-ed to see th' course wh ch some gentlemen
had taken on this >ubj ct They knew that this
country had an immense extent ol coast and terri-
torial border, stretching from the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean, to pro'ect, requiring a Iprge expendí
ture. It is all important to preserve this Govern-
ment from the ge eral wreck and ruin which «ur
rounds it It was not to be denied that its foreign
relations were in a precarious situation, and that at
a moment's warning a war might be precipitated,
yet they bad frittered away the means of national
defence, and now hesitated to retrace their steps
when prt'dence, policy, and duly demanded the
redact on It was said that when the crisis vould
come, the S'afes would be ready to supply the Ge-
neral Go/ernment with the means of defence—
that they vouH make out means of relief But,
if this disiributi m act continues in fore, will that
crisis ever comí' Will any insult provoke a de-
claration of war thai woti'd virtually annul this
act cf bribery' No, the act declaring war never
will be passed as long as this measure is in fore
He did not wish for war He wss as averse to it
as any one; but let the necessity exist, which
would arouse the most peaceably disposed,
and still this act would be an insupe-
rable impediment to a declaration of war.
Convinced as he was of this, and of the necessity
for its repeal, he asked that the bill now under
consideration should receive due attention. He
deprecated angry discussion on a subject of such
deep and vital interest He was aware that denun-
ciatory language would fall unheeded on the ears
of Senators who had, in defiance of all argument
and reason, passed the act of last session. He
felt that deliberate and cool consideration was de-
manded—such as became Senators of a great
country. During this session, great and vital ques-
tions will have to be discussed, and it was his desire
to see them discussed calmly and dispassionately.
The events of the last twenty four months would
call up questions of great importance, connected
with the relations of this country with other coun-
tries. Let him be pointed out, willing to go far-
thest in support of the national honor, and he would
be found ready to go as far as he who would go
farthest But what he «aid, this he was alse wil-
ling to show hv hit own example, that he was ready
to meet all subjects of debate with calmness and
cool deliberation
Mr PIERCE would not enter into the discus-
sion whether the bill ought to go to one committee
or another As the committees were constituted,
it was perhaps of little consequence. He rose
chiefly to express his gratification, that thus early
n the srssion, something had been proposed in be-
half of National defenees, a matter so long
neglected, while every section of the Union had
been agitated and embroiled with contests for
party supremacy The proposition of his friend
from Missouri [Mr. Limn] gave earnest of patri-
otic, and at the same time prudent and judicious
action upon one of the most important questions
that could possibly claim the attention of the Re-
public Whether the means of defence was tobe
derived from the pub ic lands or from any other
sourc , it was a cl°ar case that the country could
not be left longer in its present condition. It had
no adequate preparation from one extremity of the
seaboard to toe other to defend itself against ag-
gression An > let it be re nembered that aggres-
sion, if r^solv d upon at this day, with the appli-
cation of steam to ocean navigation, and the im-
provements in military science, must, m the nature
of things, be suduen and tremendous The argument
that we were without mean?, would seem to be an-
swered by the fact, as the bill shows, that we were
distributing our means. Besides, the argument, if
it were io be listened to, was one which should cre-
ate proibucd a'arra and excite public attention
every where Destitute of defences admitted on
all hands to b" rcqp site, and without the means of
providing them ' It i a  an admission that would
never be wrung from him, We should be guided
by n¿id economy in every thing. We should be
even parsimonious in every other branch of expen
diture, rather than remain thus exposed It was one
cf tnose cases where th- people, whenever the neces-
sity should be made clea> ly to appear would submit
even to direct taxation without a murmur When-
evtryoa show them that you are rot frittering awav
your means m improvident, impolitic and paltry
distributions, that you have economised in all
other matter , that yeu have exhausted jour re-
sources, pnd are jet destitute of the requisite
means, they will cheer ul'y supply them, for this
specific object An appeal to them for mean?,
whether in money or in muscles, to protect the soil
and the horor of their country, wou'd never be
made in vain     Whafe 'er sentiments migh    be
I   emertained here, he believed that these were feel-
j. mgj which pprv?ded th° ma's of our countrjmen
ihroii^h t> f> wh'it length and breadth of the land.
Tney ivere f el ng' inspired alike by prudence and
I   pat'io ism.
I       He h?d n > npnion to express on  this  occasion
| ?s io the p ob?bihty or ímprobibil ty of a war.
Itwasentujh   orhmthit it might com=.    The
I atmo°phf""e w->s not entirely ier^ne The ele-
ments t wa" st-mittel, were somewhat m commo-
tion, at d It mgH burst upon us like a thunder
sto m m a miüsummer'sday. In what condition
would it find Us?
No gentleman could doubt, that in our present
Í defencelesb state, the enly power from which at
present we had any thing to apprehend, might and
probably would destroy, laying aside all conside-
I rations of the loss of life and incalculable amount
