42
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nifestations of popular sentiment. Bat the imme-
diate unconstitutionality and injustice of the mea-
sure were not the only evils which attended it. By
this very distribution, the whole of that long agi-
tated question, which for some years had ceased to
disturb the country, the tariff question, was
opened np, and was now likely to rage
with all its former fierceness. Could it be de-
nied as a matter of fact that by taking the
proceeds of the public lands and dividing them
among the several States, great injustice would
be done to some that did not want any
assistance by the partial benefit bestowed upon
others whose indebtedness, the consequence
of improvidence, required assistance? On the
other hand, will not every one admit the fact, lhat
if the proceeds of the public lands, instead of being
thus distributed, had been applied last session to
the defences of the country, every man, woman
and child m the community would have approv-
ed of the measure? Tne national defence is
a matter in which all take a deep interest. Such
an appropriation of the public domain would be
in conformity with the legitimate object for which
it was given in trust to the General Governmeat.
It was a sacred trust, for the benefit of the whole
country, and not for the partial wants of individual
States. He could not help repeating, that great and
manifest injustice had been done by this distribution
to some of the States It had been maintained by
Senators on the other side, that if they did not
vote for the distribution of the public lands, the new
States would take possession of those within their
own borders, and that the States would thus bs de-
prived of their j ast rights. He knew better than
that. He knew at the time this was urged, that as
far as tru'h was concerned, such assertions were
nothing more than mere declamation. True, it
had been contended that if the General Govern-
ment were to pursue an unjust, unequal, and un
constitutional course in regard to the pubbc do-
main, the new States would be compelled, m self-
defence, to take their own course And he hoped
that the spirit which had animated their forefa-
thers Ml'l survived, and would prevent any Ame-
rican citiz n from submitting to acts of tyranny
and injustice, come from what quarter they might
The best evidence of the sincerity of his wish to
appropriate the pre ceeds of the public lands ior
the benefit of the whole Union, was his proposi-
tion to apply them to national defence. Tne best
testimony the new States could g've of the
same sinceri y, wis their votes through their
representatives in favor of his pr-opcsition, gene-
rally approved ot, and acquiesced in b^ their con-
stituents. He would venture to say, there was no!
one Ammcan ciliz n who would sanction any act
of injusiire on the part of the new fci'aies to 7ard 
the old. Such an idea never was cbieifa.nod by
the large majority oí the people of Missouri.
Gentlemen must not hug to their bos ¡as tne con-
viction that they can any longer have that peg to
hang their arguments upon. He wss convinced
that there was not a citizen m tne State of Mis-
souri who would not now be satisfied with u,e ap-
propriation of the proceeds of the publ.c lands to
tne national defence.
But it had been contended t' at distribution would
isdirecily aid the States involved in the payment
of their debt', and 'hereby preserve their honor ar-d
pligh ed fai'h. And, sir, what a mhcrpbie pit.
tance, what a pal ry boon it amounts to—'he enor-
mous sum of six or eight cents to each mdiv dual
in the Republic, rnd whico, not tmichmg them,
makes us poor indeed.
The S ates must, and will depend for real relief
from their burden , upon their own i-reat resources,
and upon their economy and . idusiry Firmly re-
lying on'hese, as they sifely loiy, they v ill pay
every just debt incurred S^cn liabilities will nerer
be repudiated. Top people #1 J separate the swin-
dling from the bona fide transaction , but injustice
never wlIi be done to the innocent and honest cre-
ditor.
As there seemed to be a csposmon on the part
of his fr.ends to refer the bill to a select commit'ee,
he would acquiesce m that suggestion, ard now
alter his motion lo that effect.   He, therefore, se-
conded the motion of reference to a select com-
mittee.
Mr. KING thought this was a subject entitled
to great and deliberate consideration. ¿Many things
had been introduced into discusuo  which might,
perhaps, have been better omitted. He was
happy, however, to hear the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr Preston] express himself as he had
done in reference to the Distribution act of last
session He was gratified at the frankness with
which that Senator had come forward to declare his
conviction that it was a hasty, inconsiderate and im-
provident measure He (Mr. Kino) knew at th« time
it was so. Circumstances had probably changed
other Senators'mind?, but he had alwavs consi-
dered it an indiscreet and improvident measure
Senators, no matter on what side, could no longer
snut their eyes to the fact, that great difficulties
surrounded the question of the foreign relations of
this country with one of the greatest and most pow-
erful nations of the earth. They could not longer
shut (heir eyes to the fact that it is time to look to
the means by which the country could best meet
whatever exigency might grow out of these diffi-
culties.
He believed that Ihe time was fast approaching
when Congress would be obhged to make definite
appropriations in view of those difficulties, and
that, probably, in hearing of the roar of an enemy's
cannon. Whilst he was ready to repudiate the ex-
travagant and splendid schemes of the Depart-
ment, he was prepared to appropna*e so far as
was necessary to defend the honor, the rights, and
interests of the country. He thought the signs of
the times pointed out the necessity of preparation.
Look to the condition of affairs on the African
coast, and then let Senators ask themselves, do
they believe any American citizen is prepared to
submit to such outrages and destruction of pro-
perty as Were there practised with impunity by the
minions of an arrogant and proud monarchy, un-
justly claiming dominion of the high seas.
The distribution act was passed when those m
the majority believed, prebably, they would be sus-
tained by the Slates. But he felt proud to say ihat
the little State from ™hich he came would not ac-
cept this bounty from the Geneial Government.
They believed it belonged to General Government;
was necessary for its defences: would save us from
a high tariff, and therefore should not be received
He hoped the Senator would carry out the views
of the people, and repudiate the bill which they
had repudiated. He had no doubt that the Sena-
tors who voted for this bill, voted for it honestly,
and in the belief that it would ma'enally relieve
the States In referen e to the question of the de-
fences of the country, he would not consent to vote
for stinted appropriations bpcvjse 'he fiapnees
were embarrassed. In the present aspect of affiir«,
when the nat.on was threatened, be was for making
liberal appiopnatiom for the common defeiic.
By neglecting them, when the daiiger came, more
might be lost m a wngle mgnt than the expenditure
of years.
Mr. MANGUM did not design to go into ail the
extraneous matter referred to by gentleman rn
the other side, but he protested sgamst the position
that it was unparliamentary to refer a bill to annul
an act of a recent ses« on lo the ir.ends of the act
sought to be repealed.
That policy and propriety had been gravely
and de'iberately considered but a faw months ago,
and the act had been solemnly passed by decisive
majorities. It would, then, be conceived, be
contrary to all ptrliamentary ruV, to recom-
mit it to those direetly hostile to it Thougn
he did nor presume to be learned in p¿riiarr>eHta°y
rules, 'his appeared to h'm to be a plam case. The
question would be fairly considered when the mat-
ter came regularly up in Committee of the Whole,
and in the vole on the simple qwtion of re-
peal. But if i< must go to acoran5it'*e, why not
to the appropriate eommiitee, that on Public Lands?
True, if that commntec continued of the same mind,
and reported adversely, there would be an end of
the matter, but if, on the other hand, it reported
faborablv, ihat alone would be the strongest posi-
ble argument in favor of repeal. He was ready
to accede to the Opposition extraordinary tact and
I   sasacity m seizing on the earliest moment to in 
I   troduce this bill—a   moment when the country
!   was   suffering   under   embarrassment   at   home
i   and apprehensions of difficulties abroad.    But, as
j   at present advised, he should hold on to the Dis-
tribution act, and would prefer getting out of dif-
(   ¿cu'ties by other means than its repeal,.trusting
i   that the recuperative energies of the country would
revive the sources of revenue, and enable the Go-
vernment to meet any crisis    He denied that the
public judgment had been pronounced against the
'   Distribution act.    He denied that there was such
a prospect  of war  as   to need any extraordi-
nary    appropriations.      He   did    not   believe
it  to   be  the policy  of this country or of any
foreign   country  to   go  to   war.     Their   mti
tual interests forbid it.   He had no apprehensions
of a war.   He knew that the present financial re-
sources of the Treasury were noi sufficient for the
Government.   He knew that the proceeds of the
public lands would all be wanted, however trivial
they might be, but they alone would not meet the
I   deficit of the ensuing year, and how was t'-e Trea-
sury to meet that deficit?   How, m addition to
that, was it to meet anticipated expenditures for de-
fence? He would tell gentlemen they should  get
over their exalted  notions of visionary glory in
feats of arms.   It would be much better to let it
be the effort of each branch of the Government to
to get back to that economy which had been de-
paited from nine years ago.   It was with h-immiy
he felt bound to confess, that there was no mam-
|   festation of willingness to get back to that eccnomy
in the appropriations of the extra session.   It had
been urged that ¡he public measures were in the
hand of the majorin, and they alone were  re-
sponsible.   If so, he hoped that majority would
now make a successful effort to get back to  the
primitive economy of former times.
It was true the revenue had diminished; true
that it was insufficient to meet the public wantsf
but no one could mistake where the remedy lay.
To talk of prosperity in this or any other country
embarrassed by a deranged currency, was futile.
Let the exchanges be adjusted, and it would be
found that there is a recuperative principle in the
country to surmount all difficulties When the
que-tion of repeal came fairly before the Senate,
I   he, for one, would b  ready to meet it.
Mr, CALHOUN observed that the simple ques-
tion was, should the bill be submitted to a select
committee'! He conceived that was the first ques-
tion in order. The Chan would decide. He had
no doubt that the rule was such as he had stated
it to be But he was w 1 mg to leave that ques-
tion to the decision of the Chair, and he tiuited
the Chair would do its duty Indeed he cou.d rot
have anticipa'ed any objeción to his motion. The
position of the Chair was such as to insure justice
'o those who wished to place this great mparnre
of repeal fa rly before th« coantry. If entitled to
tne benefit of a parliamentary rule, so well esta-
blished and so uniformly acted upon, he trusted
the friends «f that measure would have it.
Mr, LINN would remind the Senate that pro-
bably this was the second time within the rercllac-
tion of those present that a proposition of this na-
ture, to repeal an act of a previous ce s'on, came
>ap and ivas referred, asdfsired, to its f i nds It
seetxrd to him that the Senator from Ncrtn Caro-
l,na ua« averse to the reference of ih s bill to any
commitfe at all
Mr. MANGUM explained, tha' he did not deem
its reiercnce necessary to any cjinmittte, but the
committee of the whole, in the usual way, because
there were no d Uiis to he considered, the tule of
the bill alone embracing the whole matter.
Mr LINN took i* for granted thai the Senator
was of oti on it outfit rot 10 be retened to any
commiUee at all. In reply to the very pointed re-
marks of the Senator fr m Ni rth Carolina, [Mr.
Vansuw ] that there was no danger if var, he
should first-ay, that if such was the fact, hp was
very glad to hear i'; bul h  had thought there was
great and imminent danger of war, an 1 no with-
standing the good authority of that Senator, he
cojld nothelp so continuing to think slid Whethei
th re was or was not darker of immediate war,
was not material to the question of reference. The
