CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
had been so desirous of terminating the discussion
by a day crtam, that they had not discussed it,
and the conseq íerce vas that erroneous informa-
tion had gone forth to the country. At the special
session there was doubt n his own mmd as to the
time in which this bill should go into operation,
but, upon a careful rev.ew of what has been done
since Congress adjourned, he believed Congress
had acted wisely. He should therefore vote against
repeal, and he wanted no better argument to sus-
tain his own side of the question than just such an
argument as would be found in a report of the op-
ponents of the distribution pmciple. He would
give the Democratic party be committee, and the
power to make tbeir report.
Mr WOODBURY observed that he toek it for
granted there won'd be no opposit on to the refe-
rence of the till to some committee    It wa« a mo-
mentous subject, involving grave matters of ptxbl'c
policy, and the   legislation ef sovereign S.a'es.
The queo'ion w as, should a measure of such im-
portance be referrcd to a committee competent to
cover the whole ground, of to one limi'^d 'n i's
functioDs. and confined m its views to a single
branch of the  subject.   It should be reeolleeted
that it was, m detail, not merely a question of re-
peal, which was only a preliminary step to reach
the principal object, the application of the funds.
Both were expressly included in the bill.   The lat-
ter was a proposition of the utmost national im-
portance, involving   the  great   defences of  the
country    It would tend to place the matter in its
true light, by supposing,  for   argument, a mo-
ment, that tt   was  to be referred to the   Com-
mittee  on   Public Lands      Was   that the pro-
per committee  to  consider  a   question   of  na-
tional defence, or finance, or manufactures all
of which were more or less 'nvolved'J   That com-
mittee bad no  concern with such questions     But
suppose, again, 'hat the proposition was, to refer it
to the Committee on Finance     He admitted the
propriety, in part, of that pr"po"iuoo     It would
not, however, be contended that the Committee on
Finance was the proper one to consider a question
of military defence.  Was it conversant with all the
details properly cmtns under the duties of the
Committee on either Military or Naval Affairs'
Suppose, again, the reference was to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, would it be contended that
this Committee wfs eqn-lli conversant with the
duties of the Military Committee or the Finance
Committee? And was not the question of national
defence equally mapplicaole to all ot these commit-
tecs sinffly?
After the melancholy state of !h ng= presented in
the report of the >-ecretaryof the Treasiry, is it
not reisonable to suppose the Committee on
France wi'l be most deeply interested, in view
of the svowal that there will be a deficit
in the ensuing fiscal year of upwards of frur'eei
millions' Is not the Committee en Manmaetures
also collaterally interested, as the repon of the Se-
cretary of the Tr'a'ury p'oposes mater ai y to al-
ter ihe pr^ent tariff' Was not the Committee on
Agriculture,andado the ComraittpeonCuntnerce,
interested'!
Tne repeal of the D.smbutien set would, D the
extent of (he fund rest-red t<> the Treasury, pre-
vent the agitation of th° tar ft que tion, shield ign
cvlmre frorr  new  burdens,  *eve commerce fnm
fm'herlrammeln an 1 tend o preserve'h t balance
nf ¡«fpres's sustained bv a   tho<  corc'ru   es    It
would not only do thi«, but it would produce har-
mony b" setting a  rest the que-ion oftheconsii
tutionality and  propr -ty of the D stnbutio-i  pc*
As t> " qt estion o   is  p«l cv sees «armcr and
spread* m l*r than the interest  ,n cha-ge ot any oi
.hose roTivmttres, it des-rves o   'pec al reference
andexammition     It n a mrvmre   which affects
nntonh. 'hep-bic Trep u*y wimi  m'elv, but b<=
financial power  of raising   a   loan b-reaffr, i.i
the   e'en,     of     i's   nrre^i't,    a     cnnter^plateo
by -he Secretar ' of the Trea u'V     Tie returr ard
avaihl h'y of the nptional domain to tne Gm-ral
Govcrnm n', WD« d be a r edge to ¡he piiohr cre-
ditor fnr the inle-est of any 1 ian advanced    There
would be something tansnb'e to borrow  upon—•
something to sustain the Treasury m its prom.se to
pay the annual interest and the loan itself, eventu-
surest way of preventing war is to convinee the
world that we are ready to meet it, come when it
may.
Mr. KINO had but a few words to add to what
he had already said.   The Senator from North
Carolina told the Senate that he did not intimately
understand the matter of reference, or the niceties
of parliamentary rules on that point.   The Sena-
tor could, however, understand that it would not be
common sen-e to «ubmit the lamb to the tender
mercies of the wolf.   That would be any thing but
just.    What was the proposition made by the Se-
nator from Missouri, and embodwd in his bill'
Simply to take| back  tne  proceeds of one ot the
sources of general revejme from an obvious misap-
plication, and give it again to the public Treasury
for a more get eral, though definite object—that of
national defence.   This proposition, if adopted,
would  enable the   Government   to   make   time-
ly preparation  for  the  protection of the coun-
try   m   any   event    that   might   occur.     He
should    appeal    to    the    Senate,    and   parti-
cularly to  those gentlemen who had voted for the
distribution, to say in all candor whether this fund
ought not to be restored to the Treasury m view of
the obvious necessity for national defence.   He
was perfectly willing that the whole subject should
go to a committee composed of members of stand-
ing committees charged with the protection of the
country—those   charged   with   the military,  the
naval, and the financial resources  of the Govern-
ment     He  asked   them  now  m the face of the
country, whether that course was not demanded by
the present crisis
It was told to the Senate that an enormous defi-
cit would take place during the ensuing year, and
that a proper economy was called for. But, was it
to be understood that neglect of duty was economy?
He, for one, was in favor of such economy as,
by  timely and vigorous  efforts, would save the
country iiom the necessity of future appropriations
of millions.   For these reasons, and to place a le-
gitimate fund at the disposal of Government for
the   definite   object   of   defence,   he   was   in
fovor of this bill and of its reference to a select
committee, which might be composed as suggested.
And if hs differed from the honorable gentlemen
on the other side, he still hoped that, in the true
sptnt which should ever characterize American
statesmen, and Senators of this Union, they wouid
have the  magnanimity to  come  forward, and
frankly acknowledging the error into which they
bad fallen, vote with htm and his friends in favor
of the repeal of the improvident act of distribution.
The country was not disposed to go to war un-
provoked or unnecessarily.   The people of this
Union, from habiti, pm uit«, and personal inte-
rests, ware disposed to peace.  But '.ice is a spirit
in the country which soars above all personal con-
siderations, and that spirit never would submit to
national dishonor or disgrace, and m that spirit
the country calls upon its naiional representatives
to p'ace them in a cond.t.on  that they cannot be
insulted or attached while unprepared to repel their
aggressors.
Mr. LINN called for the yeas and nays
Mr MANGUM said he was very slightly ac-
quainted with the rules of Parliament.   He would
not discuss that matter with the Senator from Ala-
bama any more than he would discourse of war in
the presence oí Hannibal.    Bat st 11 he would take
the Senator'  own ilIu*tiation,  to which he [Mr.
Manüüm] gave his full absent, that the lamb ought
no. to be committed to tne  tender mercies ot the
wolf, ¿ml for that very reason  be  was averse to
commit ing the  distribution act to tne fu nds oí
repeal                                               ,                 ,
Mr BARROW was not disposed to detain the
Senate nine th na few moments It seemed to
him that on principles of common sense pnd Cuir-
monjustce, the subjret ot lepeal ought tobe re
feired to a special committ e, favorabl  to tha' cb-
íect. He wi hed that these calling theniseves the
Democratic party might have a full opportunity of
reporting the.r views on th<. subject, so ih?t they
could be met 11 open discussion on the point  they
laid most sties« upon This question of distribu-
tion was not, he thought, properly argued at the
special session of Congress.    Tne majority then
ally, when due It would likewise sustain tbe«rg-
dit of the Treasury notes proposed to be i«Ssqeff for
the present wants of the Government. Bet itgoea
even bey. nd all this. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has very properly and
very eloquently said, that something more ihiCD,
fortifications or physical force is required forjoft-
tional defence—that moral force is no less neces-
sary. To this, he (Mr. Woodbury) fully assented.
But this moral force cannot be concentrated
and rendered avai'able 5f the legitimate means  
which war has to rely upon for its en-
ergy and efficacy be abstracied from the
Government, and misapplied. Let the Distribu-
tion ac be repealed, and let the source of revenue
from public lanas be appropriated as proposed in
this repeal bill, and it will show to foreign coun-
tries that this Government has something definite
and tangible to bear the expense of any war in
which it can be involved. Let war, then, come
or be protracted how it may, there is an inexhaustible
public domain to live upon and yield income, even
if foreign commerce become suspended. The an-
nual income from this source of revenue, would,
by itself, pay the interest on a loan of fifty millions,
if necessory. Without that resource, such a loan
never could be effected, unie s at a ruinous sacri-
fice. A foreign nation, before war, or during war,
would be more retuctant to be involved in hosti-
lities with a country possessed of such resources,
and widely husbanding them by prudence and eco-
romy, than if surrounded by thousands of forts,
and neither revenue nor credit.
The naval force of this country at home, as well
as abroad, with such means and such credit to
sustain it, s worth more than bayonets for protec-
UoB from insult or aggression, if having enly, be-
si les th°m, a reckless character and waste of every
public resource.
He trusted he had  aid enough to convince the
Senate 'hat there could be no propriety in referring
th.s bill to tin- Corcmi tee on Pubhe Lands, or any
olbrr committee, singly, which had been named of
the standing commit.ees. There could be none so
proper as a select committee, comprised of a choice
from the standing committees 1 charge of the
leading enteréis of the couniry, and m making
this «election, he trusted and believed a due regard
wcild be paid to the well-estsb'ished parliamentary
rule, that a majority at least, not hottile to the pro-
position, should be placed upon it.
On the subject of commercial prosperity, infer-
red from the rumored statements of exports and
imports for 1841, and that therefore there would
be no need of the public lands, he  would say one
word     He apprehended his friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. BocsiNAN,] had taken  up a wrong
impression from uaauthor zed statements going the
rounds of the newspapers, on that subject.    He
did not   know  on what authority such.statements
rested, but he had reas jn to behove *hey were en-
pre'y e'ior eous    He w>as surprised to see nothing
n me r p"rt of the SecrHa-y of the Treasury on
this vi'al subject    He knew nothing from other
u ces to induce him. to believe that the exports,
much if any, exceded tK imports.   It was, how-
ever, ¡> po nt rhtch cou'd coi be known with any
thin  'ike accuracy, tul 'he returns to the 30th of
September, 1841, wese made up- nor did the Se-
cretarv cf ti e Treasury g've the general heads of
the estima es, as is usual, ft r the great branches of
ih° pabhc service    Tne Secretaiy of the Nary,
indeed,    hid    made    one    estimate    for   his
Department    of  .nearly    eight    and   a   halt
m llions instead rf five pnd a half or three-fouiths
,a t \ ear.   This is an increase 11 - single year,,in
a Muele Depafment, of  near fifty percent    He
<j.     W ) Yvonid go as far for the Navy as any
one ot-aht to go, but he was willing to retrench—
anxious to refresh-wherever and  whenever the
put lie interests warranted.
Gentlemen must begin to d'mim«h expenses, as
promised, rather than seek to increase loans and
debts, and taxes. He was wilhng to go as far as
the Senator from North Carolina, or any other Se-
rator.iorsout'd and judicious economy , and he
would verify this m deeds, and co-operate with
him most heaiuly in carrying into effect the decía-
