48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
carr*¥,fteí mi lf ,i,ese £0Bieiaptible British
subjects at Nassatf were cerraiiíed lo seize,
seize, by force of arms, and slaves belonging to
American [cifzen-, aa¿ 1 berating them, the
South would be compelled to ¿i C«t armaments
and destroy Nassau, and also the towns W...C11
trampled under foot the laws of nations and the
rights of American citizens. This seizure of do-
mestic property was not more high handed than if
the British placed cruisers at the mouth of the Che-
sapeake, or at the mouth of any other harbor, and
se zed on slaves for the purpose of taking them to
Jamaica or to the Bahamas.
Mr. RIVES remarked, that so far as he was con-
cerned, he was willing that ihe subject should be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
■where it would receive all due attention. With re-
gard to the geneial opinion which the Senator from
Louisiana wished to obtain, he would observe that
all the circumstances m the case of the Enterprise
were on a former occasion laid before the Senate,
and that the resolutions of ihe Senator from South
Carolina [Mi Caihoun] in vindication of the
rights of the American Government, in reference to
that subject, had been adopted unanimously.
The quest on was then taken on referring the
memorial to the Committee on Foreign Relation^,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
TAX ON BANK NOTES.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a com-
munication fioin the Treasury Department, in an-
swer to a re«o'ution adopted on the 20 h of Septem-
ber, 1841, enclosing a sta ement showing the an-
nual product of taxes nn bank no es and bills of
exchange, accordirg to ihe act of 1813, whuh was
repealed in 1817
On motion of Mr BENTON, ordered to he
printed p nd he on the tab \
BILLS REPORTED FROM COMMUTES
1 Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on IV, li
tary Affairs, repoe ed back to the Senate without
amendment, a bill to provide foi the payment of
the balance due to the Sia'e of Louisiana, for rais-
ing and equipping a regiment ot volunteer militia,
mus ered into the serves of the United States in
1836 for the F'orida war.
Mr PIERCE, from the Committee on Military
Affair*, ¡eported back to the Senate without amend-
ment, the bill for the r-hef of the heirs> oí Daniel
Pettibone, deceased.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee of Finance,
repott d back to the S na'e wuhuut amendment,
the bill to aulh r ze the payment of eqaitable com
missions to the «gents and attorneys in who--p
favor award  have been made under several trea-
ties between the Uni'*d Swte  and certain foreign
powers, which awards have been retained m ihe
Treasury in payment of debts due the United
State .
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE, READ THE SECOND
TIME BY SPECIAL RECICES!, AND REIXRRED
By Mr FULTON A bill te authorize cer'am
inhabitants of Arkansas to loca e lands m lieu
of thee fiken by the Government for nr'itary
purpose-, refe.red to the Committee on Fnvate
Land Claims.
A bill to au horizo the inhabitants of towns 'p
eight nortn, o* r«J i,e th rty-tvso we^i, in trie S ate
oi Arkansas to erto a "-ection of l..nd m I tu < f
the tu een'ii «•ect ti in m d town hip, upon condi-
tion thit t'i° c¿t*ic is *u rendered to th  S at* trr
ordnary piupo < uftrred o t'.t Com mi tee on
Public LaBt'a.
A bi'l io ? Hho, /3 ti e mni.li ants off ictn.nal
township ten sou h, ot iat>-° nocaut, o en cr o e-
half sectio i ct l n ' for =c ool purp e- referred to
the Com ir i lee o   P ioi c La*   ••
A bill to p "Ci ti le^ to c h ¡n 'rae's of NnJ
in the Stite ot A- -n «s r trr d u the Ct pim tt e
on P'ivpie Lar 1 r¡%
By Mr KING    \ bllrfgoi n-^-o—nrre al r
tere m e /1 i >h   r>        o' C    -v  i   ih    Cok  y
of Fien r¡ Guana, i>i i ir   ¡    u    <  >taii  duti
reftnel tn (be Cí-i  m tt " rr Cii riei  e
By Mr CALUOüí  A hi I i, l,eiuíoip
legal représenla .ves^f John De Te vil e rt<eaed
to the Commitiee on Revolutionary Claims
By Mr. MOUTON A bill to confirm certain la' d
claims in tne Ouachita iand district m the State of
Louisiana.
A bill confirming the claim of Jea£ Bapttste Le-
comte to a tract of land ¡n Louisiana.
A bill for the relief of the legil representatives
of Therese Malette, widow of Gaspar Phiole.
£ bill for the relief of John Compton, assignee
and represen.;^ oí GarngueS Flaujac.
A bill for the reiiei oi  2*a Belgar.
A bill for the relief of Pierre Ban?'"-
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgan, uf. Loui-
siana.
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgan.
A bill confirming the claims of the heirs and
legal representatives of Pierre Dolette, deceased, to
a tract of land in Louisiana
A bill for the relit f of Wm. Conway.
A bill to confirm claims to lands in the district
betsreen the Rio Honde and Sabine river*.
These bills were severally referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims
By Mr. PRESTON A bill for the relief of the
executors of Thomas Cooper, deceased- referred to
ihe Committee on the Judiciary
STATUE OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. PRESTON aiked leave to introduce a re-
solution to appoint a joint committee to superintend
the placing of the statue m the rotundo, and to di-
rect the details of the p=de.=tal In presenting this
resolution, he took occasion to say that the present
position of the statue exhibits it in a most un avo-
rable, and indeed painful point of view, being di-
rectly under the centre light, throwing the counte-
nance and neck into a cross shadow, which is re-
moved at no time of the d?y Bes des, the pedes-
tal is so hiph thpt a just point of view eainot be ob-
tained whi'e it occupies the centre It is known
that, the arti'-t never intended it for this central po-
sition, and it is due to him, to the subject, and to
the pubbc taste, that every advantage of position
be given to ¡his monument of national gratitude
and national ait. He did not pretend to any skill
m matters of taste or the fne arts, and could e<u-
iMte such produc'ions only by the effec produced
upon hi> natural sensib litits; and, estimating
this statue m that way, he would take opon himself
to ■-ay, that having seen most of the standard
works of ancient and modern sculpture, he had
h?rdly e/er been impressed with a deeper convic
tion of ihe power of the art, or a greater admira-
tion of its achievements, than by ih«s sculpture.
Ii hort, (said Mr P) I consider it a> a very no-
ble work, worthy of the national gratitude, which
it is interded to commemorate, and of the illustri-
ous ^ubjec* which it represents There is a subli-
mity a'most awful in Ihe Reneral conception, and
ihe detail  are of such high and exqui'ite fim h,
that if am mutilated portion ofths majestic statue
were exhibited m the workshops of Europe, as
having been dug up in Italy or Greece it would
be assigned to the brightest names of antiquity.
With this oomion of the work, Mr. P. said he
cou'd not but be anxious that all the accempam-
irenis and incidents should, as far as possible,
conform to and illustrate it, and therefore he
proposed tba* ihe two Houses oe C "gress should
tan  the mat'er under their onn control and di-
rection
A joint resolution having parsed through all tie
for lis of reading, was passed as fodow":
i?csoiieíí,That a joint committee of three members
to be ijio r>t°d bv the Senate, and «n equal num-
ber by the House, b  r pp mt<=d to arrange the
phc n; of t^e s a>u<  of vVashwir on in the ro'u -
In, pit1 to "htpf   ihe deal's rc ib° "-rd* fa!
Mr Wf>ODnRIDOIP pVoduc .1'he following re-
solut m nil ch he r> e ac 1 by i *■ w very ?piropn.
r c r«"r > k =s'o the ex'pn office il complained
f ait i'f e< e si v otsim "<* r r^l 'peiiHtmns
v i h "i" g i ~>r '" ?ntno*it es o -•rrp-\ the pTaot ee
of ier<of *v'¡rt vff c' i';c"' wit" 11 hennes
«supine f imlipp es of  ' e hw, after v hich it
i u 't art nP(! a  ee" tc
Re<-o!ied, Th t f Cciimii p-> rn Fo-P'gn Re-
h' no,  irqu r" in o  t ie ex""u "T/ of   entering
to si i p afwwn \ ii llie Govern"ient of
Great B i'~ n, recip^ocpl in is provis^ns, for the
arrest off, aves escaping rvt r tv j Nortnern or
Wes em boundary of the United States, charged
wiih the commission of any crime or crime.), and
for the surrender of such fugitives upon reasona-
ble requisition to the authontiss of the State or
provicefrom winch such fugi'ives may have fled:
Provided, such arrangements do not compr hend
cases of poLtical offences merely, but be resulted
to those which are m themselves crimina'.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that the Senate
was aware that an impression had gone forth that
the exports of the Government were large? than
the imports. This had L?-v adverted to yesterday,
and it bad appeared in the newspapers. Now, m
the Secretary's report there was nothing of the
kind and he had not been able to ascertain the
foundation for the assertion. He, therefore, sub-
mitted a resolution as follows, which was read and
adopted-
Mesolwd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate a general statement
of the whole of the exports and imports during the
> ear ending the 30th September, 1841, furnishing
estimates for those ports from which the returns are
not yet comp'ete.
Mr PRENTISS offered the following resolution;
which was considered and adopted-
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to Joseph Blodgett, a soldier m the
late war.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he intended to
introduce a bill postponing the operation of the
Bankrupt law, until July next, tor the purpose of
giving him time to prepare another bill, lo include
oaiks and money dealing corpora'ions.
The following bills, after having been considered
in Committee of the Whole, were severally ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading
A bill for the relief of Samuel Crapin,
A bill for the relief of Margaret Jaiaie&on, and
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Pryor.
Tne bill for the relief of David Waller was taken
up, but was again laid on the table for the present.
Mr. PRESTON asked to have three thousand
extra copies printed of the report of the Secretary
of the Trea ury on the condition of the finances.
He said it was an important document, and was
anxious to have some distributed to his constitu-
ents.
Mr. MERRICK also expressed the same desue.
Mr. BUCHANAN having opposed the motion
to print at that time, till he could have time to
examine the document,
Mr. PRESTON did not press the motion.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN,
The Senate adjourned ti'l 12 o'clock *o morrow
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, December 22  1S41
Fae  jetiioal of yesterday was read and approved
Mr GUSHING rose and gave notice tli^t he would hete
after ask leave to bring in a hill regula ing commercial inter.
couibe with the port of Cayenne, in the colony of French Gut
ana, and to remit certain duties
Ml JOSEPH R INGERSOLI ;ave notice that he would
at the fiist opportunity ask leave to bung n a bill to pi event
frauds in the naturalization laws
POSTAGE
Mr BR.IGGS again as*ed kdv to ntrjJuco the lollowirg
resolution
Rcsolied That the Committee on the Po t Ofhro and Post
Roads be iiTtiucted ton quire ir to the exps'it icv of abolishing
the franlnng pimlce al owed \y evi ik "law o reducing the
lates oí letter po tnge regulatn g and equi \7 tg the pc ta°e on
newpapeis and pamphlets, and a o <. n\ir e the U11ÍI ul j ost
ases n Tederal currency
Mr  WG( LEU otj ctmg there.)' i ion \ uni iecei\p 1
On leave gistn, ¡ei c sinim moiuls \ fit presented by
tile followmi. me nt ttb mlweit  t  ( it-¡ ua th r   °nel
Mi   CARUTHI i      c f Te i         c
Ml    JOHN 1    \iVsO\   o   M 1)1 n
Ml   V\ Flint     rpi  o
Mi   PUItNTIL  ol M-   i   lu e m
M Bitot i\\\A"i I Co i ? tiu (u "> [tt m id ihe pe
titiors ot m dbi mts i í lie n n t It \ti r\ O i ct. leut
r i tym" anappi ¡ mtion bv í     „re    l r I          c          uno
unor t tie in m ly t t i| d Nal i 1! 1 v lio
\\a ctuclly eKtt. te 1 b f i e 1 tit o i ti U^\ u'lonuiy
irr )
Mi vn rMtoi) pi \n i
M     Mil 'I 1     f Siuthi   loll   J
¡r f'l \üí J TON ! ave rotn   ill 1 py,nui 1 to rnirr iwa^k
It. te to intr) 1 ce i hi    to ai i u I I it, <■ t    ¡            10 h  (f
Ma   n   l^o en  tie 1    An it t t   cl   t      tit mu   i I oldi 12 t
< lieu t and U olnrt r   urn oft1    t   He      .. c^      llie  eteulh
cutu t '
Mr I lis Is BOYD ad lie el an n pnry to the >\l>x ei no'
heaid by ¡I    Reporter
Mr  COW EN asked lea\e to ofter a lonp íesoluuon, wh ck
