CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                  if!
morning had claimed from the commercial power—the power
to regulate commerce, which was one depaitment of industry
—^ power over every department Waa not his [Mr M's J '
argument that it was becomm* for us to become dependent on
any foreign nation? He (Mr R ) would like to hear by what
sort of sophistry it could be shown that we were subject to fo
reign nations, and they not to us, but that was his argument,
and he would have this country entirely self supplied, mother
words, would make it anew specimen of the Chinese Empire
According to the theory of certain gentlemen as soon as we
shall get into that predicament, the other nations of the world
would turn on w and cut us to pieces for drawing to ourselves
an independent power Did not the gentleman from Kentucky
know that, under the very clause of ' legulating commerce,"
the power had been assumed to interfere with our slaves and
hinder us from carrying thern ftom one port to another? This
was a striking commentary on iheloo-^ene^s of his construction
of this power The power was given by the States to Congress to
"regulate commerce," to secure communication between dif
ferent parts of this country, and not to strike down the com
lnerce of the country
Ano her ground taken by the gentleman from New York
[Mr Linn] was, that you mnrht as well denv the right to build
torts under the clause of the Constitution pertaining to the
'common defence," as the right to discriminate duties under
the clause relating to the "general welfare " This was sur
rend ring up the Constitution to the majority on this Moor,
and nothing else, and thus the institutions of the South, under
this new construction of the Consvttuuon, would fall to the
ground
This was not a local question, but was aswideastheConstitu
tion, as sacred as the Union If the Constitution did not on
either of these broad grounds j ustify the protecting of manufac
tures then the i&sue presented was, shall the protective policy
or the Constitution prevail! If the protective policy were per
severed in, the Constitution would come to an end He held that
Congress had no power to lay duties with a view to any parti
cular interest, the power was to lay duties for general purposes,
and not for special reasons alone
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mi Marshall] had re
ferred to the compromise act Th s act had no constitutional
sanctions, they could repeal it when they p'ea ed The
question now was shall you tenew the protective oolicy in
1842, or adhere to the principles laid down m this compromise
which are productive of the best m erects of the ounti-yt
Who were the parties to this controversy"1 He would turn
to the census of tne country, an i sej how many of its in
habitants compose the manufacturing interest Foimerly, it
had been said that banks fere ti e people now the same tmr-2
was repeated and the protean e p ilicv was said to be the peo
pie The total population of the Cm ed ^ ates was "Ornithine
over seventeen million , and those engaged m manufactures
and tiade were seven hundred and mnetv one thotisan ', and he
was nformed that in this number were included all mechaniCb
and day laborers of every kind, and almost half thepeasantry of
New England These should be deducted, and then they would
see how many were directly engaged in manufactures The
a^nculturistwas taxed for eveiy thing he weer> for the benefit
of the mantifactuieis, this small proportion of tne people of the
United ¡state? What rignt had Govern Tient to tax oncmanfoi
the benefit of another"! It was contrary to every punciple of
just Government, and he called on tho e who rrof = ed to
legislate fol the people, and to be oppose 1 to despot'tms, ro
longer to legislate for tne few< hut to carry out the great pnn
ciples of equal leaislat on for the bent fit of the many
They were told by gentlemen who he d tie=e doctrine*, that
they were legislan lg for the Souih I wis veiv due that
they intended to make us pay for wme thirty years his'ler
prices than we otherwise would, but they intended to make
prices cheaper in the end, and ior this purpose the pie*ent
generation was to be bound down under the weight of oppre 
stve taxation When had the world witnessed such an anoma
ly as this? Tne s ery object of gentlemen was to make ai Heles
dear, the manufacturing merest emit rot il\e without ta-sa
tion, they lived on the oppression of the cou i ry, and s ill gen
tlemen said ihey weie legislating for the labor oí thecountiy,
and that those who oppose them are actins agams' the interest 
of the country These inteies s sprung i ho eti&terce amid the
convulsions of war and the distress and sufTetinir of the coun
try The gentleman fiom K-ntucky had iepre ented this Go
vernment as hostile to tie manufacturing in erest, and «aid tlat
manufactures sprung uo with the help of Government Th s
was not so This Government l*"it Ml legislated tor any ser
tion of the Un on had legislated for New England alone He
Mr it was willing that these in eiests should receiTe al the
benefit  resulting trom a fair construction of the ConBti ution
he was no enemy to them, but when they weie called for the
benefit of these inteieststo submit to unconstitutional taxa
tion at war with eveiy principle of right, i was asking too
much
Where originated the do trine of the unconstitutionality ol
a protective tariff 1 It the South'! No the time was when
England was affected by it in the same manner as the Smth.,
and she then opposed the d letrine He herp referre 1 to the
former opnmns of ludge Si ir>, of Daniel Webster, and o her«,
m favoi of the unconstllu lonalitv of ptotection The verj
men who lormerly m untamed the uncons itutionahty of apio
active tai iff now uiged it o us I wouldthenseem thatwhen
I w-is not for tie in erest of New Ei glint that a protective
aiifl should e\ si it «as teclared unconsti u loial and wl en
i was fn her interest ir ivs constitutionil In a tariff foi
revenue nomoredisni yi luton ou ht to be made loi onem'c
res th ii another Letevuv depirtmert of niHati) hale an
equal light! >w'i ilevtr be tin m gilt le^ub f nn a lcvtnlle
(1 i y iñhev acted on th s i npornn pi nciple was not an
equal aUaloie n Uil\ o>-essirv"! He ill 1 no ihii  a* hid
beer mini fed hut ihM.lver m n had no in it t > ilisrumi
na en lav nsr It i s lor i vc j n th c itiaiv h  ha «m
at tie'a« „■>-, ion tila lerh' i it I'uiil h  'u v on si 1 s ehou
betWLity pe, cent hi i i\ i-' m f fit \ei ie H th dc
pirtmeitsol" li I I try ^i nil t rii vienen, ai I as lar
in„nifictu in'Csabl h i Mi 11 a •> n -p " lu " tole/
of tilscounnv he was at 1 iswiliuto i -ik  a d ctimini
t on agai^si man i ir-ti vls
T e   ei i  un i   I   i  i  K n        i   lilpl1   '      I™'     a 
w it i i  i     i -  hi   t    i     i   I i \ (     '     '             i\ 111 "  i
ih-si n   mi          i (   m i n      >    II    iH    K    i     "el to
Sviz i    i 1   ii        míe  mil       iv l l    tin  mi  nil   unr;i
teie t  iilflniri  IfI  i    nt III    1          t   n c    G           nent
Pi uccioi so ur lom mi'ii' irm no lines c> eii "r   is In I
be~n con'tnded, made t'icin dunret   It was a lav, ol commute
and competition, that when the arm of the Government was
fetched to the supportof any interest, prices never could and
never would be as cheap as othei wise If the protective in
tercet were carried out, legislation now was to be administered
on the princip'e that commerce and agriculture weie nul
sanees, ard dial taxation only was necessary, and legis'atton
must be turned to one interest alone He called on gentlemen
who professed to much regard for the mterestsof the people to
lookatour system of taxation Weie our duties laid accoidmg
to the principle of the capacity of the tax payer to pay? on tho e
who possess capital and are able to pay? or laid the heaviest on
thosewhohave the least capital? Didgentlemen intend to say
that this system, by which the poor were made poorer and the
rich richer, is to be perpetuated in this country? He had as
much confidence m the glowing greatness of our country as
any one Great Britain had not grown great from a protec
tive policy, but from her free institutions It was the iibeity
of Great Britain, as far as it existed, which had given her her
impulse—wh eh had quickened her industry Our progress to
wealth and prosperity had been impeded by the millions and
millions of dollars paid to manufactures Were we to continue
this course of tribu'e? It was nothing else
¥ 1 his thing called pretection was noihm? less than plunder
the taking property from one man and giving it to another,
nothing less than making one section of the country tributary
to another Gentlemen rould nit deceive the people as to t he
practical result of i his whole policy it was to tax the many
for the benefit of the few He had arid stilt did mdulee the hope
that this Cot gress would adjti3tthequestion in sucnavvayas
that all portions of the country could stand toge'her It was
not his desire that its different portions shouldstand m opposi
tion If the voice of one who was no enemy to the Union would
not be disregarded, he would say, if the course now threatened
to be pursued was persisted in, they would force an issue be-
tween the different portions of the country and destroy our
Union He believed this plan to be most fatal to the very de
partment of industry which it was intended to benefit It
needed not duties laid on imports Give it equal protection
with the other departments of indusiy and it would goon m
piosperity and mhai-mony with the rights and interests of the
peoi But if its friends, ro* cor ented with this, were deter
m ned to subvert this Government into an instrument of their
own nsgiandlzement—if t1 ey wee determined itibute should
be paid to them, he warned them that revolution would he the
effect
He had seen it suggested m on abolition paper thai, on
the question of the lanff, a oistmction was to be drawn be
tvv~en slave labor and free laboi AccoidmH to his viev, ol
the matter, the interest of the Upon were intímale \ allied
wit i each other, the diffHei t r o tions of the Union piodnced
no hing alike, but weie mutually dependent on enfh other
In this point of view, what wes die attitude of this question*
L t any gentlemen contemp ate'he efiect ofralsing up an issue
between the dfferent portions of the Union* What on
gina ed the Union? Mutual in erests and benefit common I ber-
ty, and a due regard to the righis of all Raise up hostility m
one section of the Union against another, and the Union falls,
and he coald not but view this ittempt to excite this hostility
with alaim When theques'ion came of surrendering the liber
ties of ifie South and her principes, held sacred this Union
must eo When gentlemen lose on tMsfloor ard, on a ques
tion oí taxation, held tnat the free labor is to be protected
against the slave labor they pot the torch to the Con titution
The doctrine of equal rights was tne doclnne of fiee trade
the doctrine of free tra le the doctrine of Christianity and
the dic'unes of Christi„uty those rf peace Under tne lnflu
ence of tne e oui de  my wis a glouous one "the sword
would be beat int) the , ioughshare we should 'know wat
no mire' and all pcitions of the t mon would progress in
harmony, but if the opposite ptincirles were broached heie,
an 1 per isted in, war must con e, ai d with it oceans ot bl iod
But should we no hore tha' oui destiny was lusher and ho
1 er? Should we not U^e waininsJiom the fate of o her na
tions ai d adopto g the princiole of equal rights, move on
united? I* was sail that South Canllna wa oceupiat by
heretical theories but all these great lítenles which la\ at
the foundation of American liberty and the Constitution, he
wou d heg to his heart, he would not give them for the «ceptre
ofC-esar Ourdestlnv ht lepeated was a great and glorious
one because it was 'to do to others as we would they si ould do
to us," and our course wou'd he onward with liber'v and pros
* perity but let the ínteres s of one portion of tne country be
regarded a« opposed to thus  of annthei, and American hbertt
and gloiy would set, and set for ev er
Mr KHCT1 having concluded—
Mr ATHERTON obtained thefiior butyieldelte
Mr WLLTCR who moved iheH™«e do now adjourn
Mr W waived the motion however foramoment
Ml TALIAFERRO rose aid said, tha> it gave him much
pleasure o state to the House that he was author zed by lira
tual frien'sofMr Barton and the °peaker to say; that since
Mr IUeton made his lemarks ir the morn ng bearms: upon
the deci nn of the Chair he (Mr BaivoxI ha ' received mfor
mat  i from a mutu il fi ten ) which sat sfied bum that he had
spoken under a mi~aipiehens|on of ' ie far s in eonseqti nce
ofwhici lit checifully wit diew In rentalks Mi Talia
iprro funnel stated, that the misnnder-tandmg had beenex
plained and honorablv a busted and that each ot ihe (tenfleme
was desirous that nomina further should be thought of the
n alter
The mouor o ad ourn was th n rt and agreed to
And ti e Hous  adjourned
IN SENATE,
Thursday, p if   '> r 23
Tpe S-i -up met at 12 o'clock
fi   cr ti e <■ A .is   ft e joi rr'\
p li io  s an 1     i no   '    ^t* r*re
¡"f,   r     i^b ., IP.     n   rr ati
r       i t' i      j i  e l¿ c  w>i   refc   c"
1841.
nti-d—
i t„  ' -  '-eirs
ti    pr<>p-¡ v
papers in the case of Com. Isaac Hull, ior certain
services in Navy Yard, to be taken from the ales
of the Senate and referred to the Committee an
Naval Affairs
By Mr. FULTON. The petition and papersof
Saraael Y. Keene, io be taken from the flies ©f
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
By Mr. BDCHA.NAN- Tne pstit.on of Peters,
Moore and Co to be taken from the files of the
Senate, to be sent to the House of Represenlatives,
where the claim ¡s bow being investigated before a
committee.
Petitions were also presented by Mr. DIXON,
and-several other Senator.: the names of the
petitioners, and the purport of the petitions, could
not be heard.
Bills introduced on leave, «inch were read the
first time, and, by special order, a second time, and
appropriately referred, as follows.
By Mr. LINN: A bill for the erection of a hos-
pi'al in the city of Washington: referred to the
Committee on the District of Columb a
By Mr. STURGEON: A bill for the relief of
the legal representative of Robert White;
A bill for the relief of the lega' representatives
of William Sanford;
A bill for ihe íehef of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Mornsf, dsceased; wbieh
bills were severally referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. WILLIAM? A bill for tne relief of Ja-
cob Penel and others, owners of the brig Eliza of
Bru^switK.
\¡r. MAFGUM, from 'he Committee on Prmt-
irs, gave nofce to tt e Sena'e taat the committee
had given their peraiiss.os io p'int ihe report of the
Secretary of the Tre^u-y. T*e -eport will be,
according!}, printed AKo, that they had wi'bfceld
their permisión io punt sundry memorials, which
will not, iherefore, be pnnled.
On motion of Mr LINN, ihe Corrmittee on Pri-
vate Land Claims was discharged from the further
consideration of the pctiti ns of James Kjcer and
Bernard Hooe
On monon of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Commit-
tee on Public Lands xvasdischargedtrom the further
consideration of the bii' 'o revire the act entitled "An
act to enable claimants to land wubin the limits of
Missouri and 'he Territory of ¡Sientas to institute
proceedings to try the va'idity ot (heir ciaims," &c.
and that it be referred to the Cocmitiee on Pnvate
Land Claims.
Mr SMITH, frtm the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported back to the Senate, with an amend-
r-ent, a b ll authonziag the inhabitant of town-
ship 8 north, range 32 west, in ihe S ale of Arkan-
sas to enter a section of land 'n lieu of the 16 h
section m said township, upon condition that ihe
tame is surrendered to ihe Untied S'ates.
Mr. GRAHAM, fro«i the Committee on Cairns,
made an unfa.orable report en 'he ¡?ft ioa of
John S. Hams, for mcease of compensa ion for
extiasen ices m taking Ihe s x h cen-us, The re-
pott 5,s ordered to lie on the table, and be
priiited.
A!-o reported back to lha Senate, with an
amendment, the bill for the rehef tf James H.
Itelfe.
Mr WILLIAMS, from the Cu'nrrtttee on Na«
\al Affairs made an unuv -vb e re-r/trt on tbe pe-
t tion of Chirle:; Clay'o i
On motion o'' ¡>r SMITH o   íi-di^ra
ñesofueii, That ih° C mmi ?e on the Judiciary
be io ' rot"d to inquire into the es.ped.ency cf m-
ne -    a'hr*qlniy<i    le  f"i« r CI )Jfge   from the
io (hi-
Co,
•1 h
«m it §1000, hi pre-ci' --e'ai), to
fc.1,500 tne m'> v o  "ie ure i > 3 <'?
St> '
Oi >^o ion of ¡V> T -PPAN,
Sesohed, That me S c < ury of he Tt<
c "-ccied to p=rjO't >■% fe  bin e hr ?
pobhe tt bt   11  •< um , ai d on tin- Z   I
and be ¡i;>-    u •>  it           '   i c i i
Omí    <n ot "1    B^^X
that ot
ths
>-ury bi
of ti,
h la 
B,   .i    LUSN   T o" b   r   ''  <l V-
i e rti j   W?  '   sen, f'-'S   iatrnm«pi
ma*   bf  create! in t! l eitv oí Wp bi')"'rn
By Mr. HUNTINGTON.   The Iüemcr'al6n,
T'e n v J, Tn '■ p '
i rectec1 c c( ni c
■•t heimporWE*-' eir
bullion annual y, an'
5        '->,Ti E'tiry !
i , ?    a t a   'pleraei
el i  '<! „nJ     vtrctir ai
• fit bark an tbe rcc rds
