«i
,f                       - ■ ■   >      .                        .......                  ■ ■---------------
light, to saddle the tax on trip individuáis who bad
the most money. That was discriminating duty,
and that was all that ougat to be discriminated,
He would say to the geni.eman frem New York,
[Mr. Linn] who had referred to the authority
of ancient usage in stippirt oí his doctrine, that
ancient cuitoms-were somehmrs wrong. It was
formerly con (ended in England than king  governed
by Divine right. The gentleman would detest an
idea of this description The gentleman from New
York would, not say it was a doctrine of this day.
Those tbmgs had all passed away—had been abo-
lished by common sense and reason. "We adop ed
various improvements in the march of intellect in
the coamn, we must be guided by the lisht of ex-
perience. It mish1 have b;en right in 1789 to pro-
tect manufacturer, i.nd m ght be wrong at this
time. Was not every age competent to govern
itself? He could demonstrate to some of some of
his worthy friends that they were wr^ng, and b<°
wished them to come over and vote against protec-
tion. He spoke particularly to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Arni ld] before him. If he could
demonstrate that to prottct manufactures was to
prostrate all equality, then h<* would call on them
to come ov r and vote for equal principles Wis
it right to Ux ninety-nine oui of one hundred indi
viduais for ine benefit ot the remaining one, who
could sustain himself without it? When you give
one man a privilege, of necessity you must take it
fiom another man. He wanted not to depress
manufactures, but to place them on the same
ground with other branches of industry Let every
individual depend on himself, and we would go on
to glory much better.
The gentleman irom Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
yesterday spoke of the glory oí England. He
brought up, as lawyers usually do, the good side
only. England was the most powerful nation on
earth; but did it become so by protection? Were
there not there thousands of poor individuals
starving for want of bread* Was ¡bat an example
for us? This reminded hirn of the fable of the fly
and bees. The fly came eveiy daj to the bee hive
to teach the bees music. The fly was poor, cold,
and hungry. The bees said to this fly, go hence;
your prolession has brought you to this condition,
and we do not want to learn your business. Could
not this be applied to England? One great means
oí England's power arose probably from doing
what it had been domx—running roughshod over
the poor Chinese, simply because they refused to
eat opium England was also doing us injuries
We had been delaied twenty or thirty year  in the
settlement of our Northeastern boundary question.
She took every th'ng, ardga.e up nothing. Prom
'his course the English G-iverrmenthas become to
powerful It was oi'i- duty to preven these long
negotiation"?, arH bi¡n¿ thn g-> to a clo^e. His
maxim was, "an honorable peace, or a decided
war." Did they beheve that Eogland would hsue
done any thing to repair the burning of the Caro-
line if we had not got an individual in New York
who, he beheved, was guilty enough to be hung?
If we let ntgotiati >ns settle these matt-r-, we never
would see them settled en earth. But England
was doing wo>ss still than this. Lord Aberdeen
had asserted the right of visitation, if th=y couM
visit our ships, and we not vi it then*, was it not
eqral to the right of search? It wa* .ery piobable
that these movements ot the British Government
had done more to raise her character and power
than any pvotective duties. But it was exltenely
sirguiar io hear an individual talkie about the
Caroline, when discus irg the subject ot free ira^e;
pnd only that he had the ptecedem b fore him, ¡>e
would cot have donr it, exe pt n Comon'tee of
me Whole. There they h;d no hm'ts eie-rt their
imaginations. In his State there were but two
manufaclor.es. Was it mat to lax a1! the cihet
people of the State for their benefit' When ihe
working ptople of the country saw tlipy v,ere
obliged to be taxed for ihe benefit of the manufac-
turers, they would give it up. and go against the
syste<n of protection.
Mr. ARNOLD said he ha I been advised by
some or his friends to speak tpon this question.
They had said that perhaps a speech would have
some beneficial effect on him.   They were afraid,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
session. The modern Democracy was perfectly-
intoxicated at its apparent sucecss at the recent
elections at the East, the West, North, and South;
and were coming here and giving notice that they
would repeal 'h s bill and that. Beautitnl, in-
deed! A revolution! [Laughter.] What pro-
duced this revolution? Did the cry of the "gag,"
of the "one hour rule?" Did the people want to
hear six or eight hour speeches here at the called
session, when the nation was bowed down and
mourning under misery and wretchedness? Was
the "one hour rule" the cause of the great revolu-
tion of wh-ch they spoke? He said it was not.
The American peop'e, so far as he had been with
them—the intelligent of all parties, said that the
"one hour rule" was a great and a glorious rule,
and they hoped to see it inserted among the rules
of tbv  House as a permanent rule, because they
say one hour is long enough for a man of sense to
sp ak and a great deal too long for a fool. Was
it the rule to take a bill out of committee that
they might come to a vote on it, which they had
borrowed from the Democrats, that had caused
this revolution? That was not original with the
Whigs The only original measure was the "one
hour rule." The taking a bill out of committee
originated wuh the modem Democracy; and if that
would produce a revolution in this country, it was
a most extraordinary state of things. What was
it that had produced the revolution? Was it the
distribution bill? That had not yet gone into effect.
Was it the bankrupt law? that law of humanity
in favor of the poor, over whom the modern De-
mocracy shed so many crocodile tears, and which
provided, when you had wrung every thing from
him, for the relief of an unfortunate and honest
poor man—for he must be honest before he caa
take the benefit of this law, which was a law of
humanity, of kindness, and gentleness? Could it
be tfeat the people had been revolutionized on ac-
count of this law? It was not so. Modern De-
mocracy may cease to laugh on this subject. The
revolution of which they speak is all imagination.
It had been created by the apathy of the Whigs—
by the smoke from the artillery at the other end of
the avenue. Their own guns, wnich the Whigs
had mounted and charged, had been turned upon,
them
Maryland had elected a Democratic Governor,
because 8 000 Whigs bad staid at home; and mo-
dern DeTOcracy had triumphed in New York be-
cau?a £0,000 Whigs had staid at home. He
thanksd God tha  they had not done it in Tennes-
see. The Whigs had mumped there under ihe
state of things produced by this modern Demo-
cratic President, although they came very near
losing the S ate, because a great many of the ho-
nest people did not know where to lay the blame.
They saw us here two weeks organizing this
House, and you know what part the modern De-
mocracy took in retarding the business of the
country by motion's to adjourn, and the call of yeas
and nays every quarter of an hour. And if this
right arm was net enervated, the country should
know what it was that disorganized this House for
nearly two weeks, when we came up to relieve the
couniry. They all knew, but the people did not
know, and it should be known how the modern
Democracy acts. And the gentleman from New
Hampshire had intimated to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Línn] because his [Mr. L's] con-
stituents did not all turn out, but 800 in his dis-
trict «taid away from the polb, that he ought to
resign. The gpntleman had said '-iheie has been,
a vo e since you wp p elected, and the majority
voted pgamst yc.u " It was a bad rule that did
not work both ways. He wanted the gentleman io
s'ind up to this doftrme, and he (Mr. Arnold)
would pledge his right aim th.it he would
never woreient a district that went for King Scape-
goat. How had tne modern Democracy Kotel if
ttie oiher branch of this Legis-latur ? Look to
On o He should not be in order if he spoke of
' Petticoat Allen," but gentlemen took great lati-
tude here sometimes, and, as the Federal gentle-
man from Illinois had said, every thin? had be^n
discussed but the question before the House. At
the beginning of the discussion he had asked the
Speaker if there was no rule by which this could
by his silence at this session, that he had accumu-
fated rather too much steam, at,d he had bet'er let
it off, so tbit he might get rehef. He had had no
idea of doing this until he beard the ranting, raving
speech of the hule gpntleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Atheotvn;] but the very face íous—.
he must not sav the ridiculous—speech of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Reynold^] had almost
put him out of the notion of speakirg; but, as the
gentleman hailed originally from the same section
of country from wh-ch he came, he would endeavor
to answer one or two of his positions. They had
heard an extraordinary spee-h from the gentleman
from New Hampshire. He had come up and as-
sailed this Administration, running a parallel be-
wef n the expenditures of this Administration and
those of the laf Administration of Mr. Van Bares.
It wai a most extraordinary position. Whose Ad-
ministration was ihis? Wa-. it a Whig Adminis-
tration? He (Mr. Arnold) denied emphatically
that it was. It had not the least tincture of Whig
doe'rmes about it. [Laughter ] No; it was the
gentleman's own Administration, it had merely
changed h?nds. It was true, the peop'p thought
ihey had eff-eied a great revolution in 1840 They
had hurled Van Buren from power with scorn,
contempt, and indignation—more so, perhaps, ihan
any man was ever hurled from the Presidential
chair; and there the matter ended He had thought
that they had effected a revolution; the great mass
of the people through the country had thought so.
But an unfortunate stroke of Providencp falling on
us, and taking the lamented Harrison from us, had
thrown th s Government instantaneously, at the
moment of that venerable patriot's decease, into
the hands of modern Democracy again; and when
a Whig Congress had been paralvzed in svery ef-
fect by the Executive, who now stood surrounded
by the modern Democracy on every hand, modern
Democracy rises here, and runs a parallel between
the expenditures of Van BurenS administration
and the administration of John Tyler, who was a
worse Loco Poco than Van Burén ! It was most
extraordinary. Could a man lis'en to it with pa-
tience'' No; sick as be was, he could not
[Laughter.] They (the Whtgs) were not account-
able, and did not intend to be, to this Administra-
tion. The gentleman talked about a revolution.
Yes; there had been a revolution, and one that this
country would long f-el, which began at the day of
the demise of William Henry Harnscn whom
they had elected. Were they accountable to this
A ministration? Wneie was Harnson'a cabinet?
Only one oí them v as left, and he was in so qnes-
t onable a shape that he had a mmd to speak to
him. And wps tha' a revolution? What was
there in aay of the great mca uies of the la'e ses-
cion that, as the gentleman told the>n, had been
condemned? He knew, from the indications he
had seen in Ihe public pnnis, that they who were ¿>
the Whig part;* proper on th s floor were to be par-
alyzed at the White House. He knew that when
they come here they were to be hardly tolerated in
this House, that there vould be an attempt to ride
over them roughshod; and they had this day wit-
Rpssed the bepmmnR of that attempt from the
great, lofty, and gigantic Stat  of New Hampshire.
As the gentleman from New Hampshire had
taken such hasty offence at what the gentleman
from Vermont had said, he (Mr. Arnold) could
do him the favor to give him his opinion ot New
Hamdshirp—of the natural, moral, and political
s ate of New Hampshire. He should give his
opinion on all ¡hpse heads before Le sa' down He
knew that the Wh gs who iwk left here viere
hardly to be tolerated this session, ana they had
^een the beg nmng of it this morning They had
"een it belt! odt >n the official paper her —he called
it the official; to be sure there was a little split ap-
"nrently oa the subject of the 'fiscalny," bin on
ail other tmrgs be looked on 'he Globe more as the
official organ than any other paper except the
Herald, and that had been twit.mg them, and tel-
hrg them how modest the gr«at Whig party were
who had passed the ' gag rule," that they felt the
rebuke the people had given them. He would
teach the Globe, if his life wps spared, before this
session closed, how much he had reformed—how
much he had changed his opinions since the called
