CONGRESSIONAL ®%0&%
0
=s
Thvrdly. Because it is a property law, aDd such
as no State or the Congress of the United States
has any right to pass.
Fourthly Because it is an invasion of State ju-
risdiction, in drawing into the federal judiciary
the trial of causes properly triable in the Slate
tribunal?.
Mr B showed that by the bankrupt law of Eng-
land, banking corporation"!, except such as were
excluded by statute, were' placed upon the same
footing as persons. He went on to say that he was
no friend to the bankrupt system, and believed
that there was but little occasion for it m the
United States, except for the banking and money
dealing corporations He showed that the/ re-
ceived all the benefits of the law, by coming in for
an equal participation of the assets of the bank-
rupt, whilst they were exempt from its operation,
however much they might be indebted to the com-
munity, and unable or uinilhng to pay. He con-
tended that a bankrupt process was the proper re-
medy for those institutions which set all law, all
government, all morals at defiance, and pillaged
and plundered the country  i they pleased.
Mr B repeated, he was no friend even to abona
fide bankrupt system, between man and man, such
as prevails in England and other commercial
countries; but as lo thi=? extra session act of theirs,
the impious off-prmg of Bank and State, he detested
and abhorred it. It was an insult and an out-
rage upon the 19th cntury It was big with
shame and rum to the present age, and with dis-
astrous influence upon posterity. Millions upon
millions of debt must be sponged by it. Thou-
sands aad tens of thousands of families must be re-
duced to want by it Hundreds of banks must
perish under it, every one carrying loss and injury
to the community witi in its sphere. The rising
generation must feel its baleful irfluence Tee
facility with which debts can be thrown off will be
an inducement to con ract trem, and a license to
spend iu idíene s or v,c* what shoaid have gore to
the creditor. Can such a la<v, he asked, stand
without demoia'izmg posterity' without teaching
the rising generations to become spendthrifts and
bankrup s, insteal of becoming useful and respect-
able members of soeiet}? In mercy id posterity,
if not m justice to themselves, he said, they should
repeal this law They should not suffer the young
aad flextbl  mmd to say ¡o t-elf, wrt.l* contracting
a debt, the lnw stands teaiy to release me from it
■whenever I choose to throw it down.
Mr. HENDERSON said he could not sit by and
hear the remarks of the Senator from Missouri
without offerm  soma few words in reply. The
Senator siid he d d rot deb te the Bankrupi bill at
the special =rssion Wiy not' The bill was
brutish  up, argued •a general an! in detail by
Senators on all sides, as would be v,ell remembered
by the Senate and the oun'ry Every part of it
wa= discus ed, and ever/ provision alluded to by
the Sena or fr jji M>-soun, th s morn-sg, and if not
by him by others opposed to the bul
The Senator h>d Oo pronounced the bill a mere
insolven' ¡aw, and one greatly mimera1 in it cha-
racter If >.o ltr-Ti-ira1 wh ch he deri°d, the dis-
covery was not *oon mad , for ¡he Senator had not
thought proper to make cooiplamt of the insolvent
laws°i,o long in force in. many of the States But
it was no msolve-tt la«v! and no insolvent law, it
was weh kiown, cmt.d reach beyond the State*.
The Cou'shad uri'onnly decided tiatanys'ich
,un«dction exuded beyond the powe-s of the
States and "ncroicV d upm tae powers of the
Consre^ of th- ün c¿ S'a es
The Semto- ' "d al "> mad  r? mrks n i<-t°-
rence to the assignee po on-, of the bill, wnich
were no  w?r.aitcd by ar, th n  m i\ Equally
nniuil v a. v iat v- , sill < t ,h> pin/ cn-ne e, of
thiUll Itortcmiled wih i S-nitor fnm M-
chiean [Mr Xon ml] a po.nvpl ftund o. t^e
Serator ft cm Mi, un, aid x'■  eve-honor be-
longed to an/ ' ^ f r i'-> iTrociuclot here, be-
lon« dto ihit Sonati
The Senator hid r' o o ononnced the bill un-
constitutional, and h id tol 1 n- what he would do if
he w re a judge upon the b noh Whv, then,
did the Senator eond mn tots measure in advance'
Why could he not waitthejudgment of the Courts,
as he was convinced the bill was unconstitutional?
He commented also upon what the Senator from
Missouri had said of the difference between the
Bankiaptbill of England and the bill passed at
the extra session of Congress. There was no such
difference as he had specified, an J -the terms of the
law m reference to corporations were the same.
There was no Bankrupt law in the world which
included corporations. It seemed singular to him,
also, that the Senator should oppose the bill for the
reasons he had given, particularly when he re
membered the views which that Senator had ex-
pressed upon the mdebtedne*s of Europe. The
Senator had placed himself in a position here to
advocate the rights of creditors in Europe, yet no
one was more anxious than he was, on some occa-
sions, to show how little tho«e creditors were enti-
tled to.
Mr. BENTON interrupted the Senator from
Mississippi to deny the allegation, and challenged
him to the proof of what he a«s*rted.
Mr HENDERSON would make no particular
specification, but he would remark that on different
occasions the Senator had denounced their system
of legislation. He apprehended that the Senator
would soon be found on the side of the banking cor-
porations, who were now asking Congress to repeal
this law. Many of the banks would oppose this law,
for it would soon expose the rotten condition of their
affairs, and their small assets without a real founda-
tion for their issues He therefore expected to see
many of the moneyed co'porati ins of the country op-
posing this law, and asking for its repeal. They
had already seen such an application this morn'ng
in the petition presented by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Wright,] and that, too, un-"er no other
guise or specification than tha* a sacrifice cf pro-
perty must ensue from tne operations of the law
The t ff<H5ts which mu«t go into insolvency, would,
no doub', be great, and he felt confident that a dts
honest man had no more to gam under this law,
than an hones' man h d, notwithstanding the Sera-
tor from Missouri had maintained a position to the
em'rary. He was not now prepsrea to answer he
labored arguments of the Senatoi; bur, when ¡be
bdl came ua, he would, ,f no other gentleman
should feel dicposed to do so, go into a respon'e
with regard to the constitutionality of this la .
Mr. BENTON understood the Senator from
Mi '•i sippi ps saying that be was, en former occa-
sions, opposed to paung European creditor  Tins
was not so It was true thit he objected to the
proceeds of toe public lands being applied to th^ 
object; but, on other accounts, (hey w re fa>rly en-
titled tcfa settlement of their deb's What he ha • said
on former occasions in reference to foreign ciedi-
to's, was, that he would not gi^e the proc eds of
the public lands to them any more than be would
«uve them to his own State, or consent to his con-
stituents taking any part of the pubhc plunder
which the act authorized.
Mr WRIGHT kaid he rose simply in reference
to the aliaron made by tae Senator from Mi siss "-
pi to petowii'. ort&-n ed this morning ard signed by
rrnTchan s and b*nk is of New York    T<-e mier-
ence of the fcen¿>'o S remark "5, that taose ba*ib.¡>
are insolvent boeau^e fh«y  recommend   h* po t-
ponemrnt of 'he operation of toe set    Tie rea-- n
alleged foi the m'erence seemed very strange    It
is, that they are not re dy  tóceme  forward and
purciase all the property tint «  1 b<* throw n m'o
the market a* auction by thecpf'a on of tne act,
and hei ce it is concluded they are uncling that
,heir unscu'dnes.. s'ioJd be 'x   b ed     He [Mr
"A a out] v a"-n tpreiared "> b*      ven bt«i'd
his ehoi f m'o th" defence 'I ba. ¡in" v =t tutio .-
Bat if'hTC i  «acn t tb.i" c a s^uid bint, wa-s
i to b" d <Mi°d unM un ' oectt' - it had oraa°ice
anld.'i' t  tntrk itse f prep >red   .o  -inend i'
means on  tu  ruirhes^ npn petty  tn'cwi  m'o
market at my «acrtf C3 under thi* ac i    What was
te beet w  oi th  btiMiiess co s urn' i \, if I a lUs, or
siich r asm*   ne'e  to  hs. de rued ro leu  oi   un-
sounü'    One ot the .radons ioi tn" T-fu } o. mo-
n y, whic ca 1  ioi  the po> po ement, i«, m. t in-
dividual- are hoarding of money tor the  barve-t
they expect to reap in the auctions expec ed to re
suit Ire m lb", act when  it  gees into operation
And he believed it was the duty of sound bankiug
institutions to warn Congress of the fact, an<TsKiW
the propriety of postponement. But because: they
do this, the inference is drawn that thej ate un-
sound or insolvent. It was the singularity j>f,lto
reason that induced him (Mr. Wright) to rae Í§a
make these remarks He entreated thafc no eifort
would be made to the prejudice of the p^titioneife',
whose petition he had presented; but let them loSfc
at the bubject as business men, and with a Seconj-
mg sense of justice.
Mr. HENDERSON remarked that he di<t JBOt
attempt to specify any particular banks as be-
ing insolvent, but had meant to say that it was
more likely that insolvent bankers would oppose
the bill rather than balance accounts with thetr cre-
ditors.
Mr. CALHOUN did not rise to oppose the mo-
tion, for he should vote for it, believing, as he did,
every word uttered by the mover of the bill, as to
the evil effect of the Bankrupt act. He believed
that act to be one of the most flagrant laws ever
passfd in Congress, He had risen to say he hoped
the Senator [Mr. Benton] would not only perse-
vere, but go a little far1 her and amend his bill so as
to repeal the act instead of postponing its opera-
tion. If he did not, he would himself make a mo-
tion in the proper time so to am^nd the present
bill. He had.presented, a few days back, a me-
morial from the Chamber of Commerce in bisowh
State praying for the repeal of the act; and this
alone, if his own opinion was not against it, would
induce him to make the amendment. There was
one part of the Senator's remarks with which he
did not comede—those wh ch urged the necessity
of mclud.ng bank', and making them subject to the
bankrupt law. He was opppssed to that propo-
sition in any shape or form at that time.
Leave was then granted.
The bill was read the fiist, and, by special order,
the second time.
A message was received frota the House, in-
f< rmms the Senate that they had passed the joint
re^olaacn for ¡he appointment of a jo.nt commit-
tee to superintend the removal of the statue of
Washington to ano'her location m the rotunda,
and that a committee had been appointed on their
part
Oi motion of Mr. PRESTON, the Presidentyro
ten was authorized to appoint the committee on
the p rt of the Smite.
T^e PRESIDENT pro tern [Mr. King] laid be-
fore tb? Senate tne following co-nrnumcation, viz:
1. From the Stpte Department, stating that the
returns of th-1 sixth census, err enumeration of the
people ot the United S ates, had been printed.
2 From the War Department, in pursuance of
a joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress,
contatr wg a list of all such persons as have made
application for pensions, or for an increase of pen-
S'on, and a statement of the names of those who
ought to be placed upon the pension roll.
3.  The at nual report oi tae Commissioner cf
the Ge. e. A L ttd Office
On motion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, it was
referred to ftp Comrr  tlee oi* the Pab'ic Lands.
4.  Frormhe Secreta'V ci tie Treasury, trans-
ra tting, ia compliance wi'h a resolution of the Se-
nate, sT sta'ement exhaling the value ot imports
and exoorts du.ing the j.ar erdmg the 30th of
Septembei, 1841, as follow?, viz
IMPORTS—
Vi-lueof merchandise
'ree o< duty            - $64,755 449
Value of «o  paytr-g
duty           -           -   59,381934
fl24,107,333
r\POR.s—
Foreign m"rcuandi^e, viz-
VaLie  of i. erchandi e
free of duty               010,793 451
Vj'us    o    di. payirg
duty            -           -   4 303,175
15,101 626
Value of demesne pro-
dace           .           - 106 059 685
$131 161311
j^0TKi__Xbe value of i npo is and exports for the
