CONGRESSIONAL GLOSÉ.
duty to their common country, would never again
be heard Who was it that impeached th? official
integrity and honesty of the Presiden)'' It was
those very men who had bfen most active in elect-
ing him, and whose ta'ents, time, and money, had
been spent in procuring him the political power
which he now possessed.
Why was this change? Had the President sa-
crificed the rights or bartered the liberties of his
country? Or had he trampled on it  Constitution?
No; nor had he abandoned a single principle which
he had avowed anterior to his election. Why then
was it that he was thus denounced? It was be-
cause he would not violate his oa h and the Con-
stitution of his country by adoptirg a cour>e of
conduct which would subject him to the rebuke of
his fellow men here and of his God hereafter, be-
cause he would not obey the dictation of a legisla-
tive caucus; because he would not sign the charter
for a Bank which he believed would be <it?«'ruc- I
tive to the public liberties, because he would not
so dispose of the influence of bis office as to ad-
vance the claims of a par'ieular individual to the
Executive chair. This was "the bead and front
of his offending " He (Mr. W ) was under no
obligation to defend the President further than as
the principles of truth and ju tic? were assailed in
his person, but he (Mr. W ) could sot refuse lode
fend the President, be'icvmg as he <*id that that of-
ficer had been unjustly assailed, and a^sai'ed, ioo,
by those who were instrumental in placing him
where he now wa<.
Mr. W. gave his views at some length on the
subject of the protective pilcv, expressed himself
opposed to levying any higher duties than were ne-
cessary to defray the economical expense" of the
Government, and spoke in favor of the reference to
the Commiitee of Ways and Means
Mr. CHRISTOPHER H WILLIAMS next
addressed the louse ma speech but ímpcf ctly
heard at the Reporter's «eat He was urdtruod
to observe, in the introduction that he haa mi g ed
but little in the debates of the Hou^e, having been
for six years past a mere looker on m Vienna, he
had listened sometimes v ith pleasure, but often
wuh much pain, to what was passing As to the
animated debate which had for some days been
carried on in relation to a tariff, it was a perfect
humbug—an imposition on the public mind The
question was trea'ed as 'f any body in that House
was at thi  day advccatirg a high protective tariff,
such as had been enact  d m 1828 and 1832;
whereas every ona well knew that that doctrine
had long since been abandoned by all who had
supported it, and it vas universally asre'd that a
very moderate pro ect<on vas all no - contended for.
True, it was to be expuc'ed tn t m  o Widel v extended
a country much diversity of opinion would p>evail
as to the quantum of protection needed to sustain
the industry of cur own cMizens aga nst the inju-
rious competition of fore gr-ers, but he protested
against the idea Hat the Wl grariy, as such,
were making effort-, to restore the high protective
policy nh'cb once prtvjiled in this countrr. And
the proof of this was to be found m the fact, no-
torious to everv bod" here, ¡hat the moment th s
question of the tariff was sti-rtd, all party lines
gave way Strong, indeed, mu'-t the pres ure be
under which those rdamanfoe elnms of pa"y
discipline were sundered; but, before so gigantic
a question as this, even t o e fimo t mdestructib'e
fet era were sundered like flax before the flame.
The ta.iff was tie only subj-ct which coild exert
that power m the Uousí.
In advfrting totl.e sn^ec-h delivered   a few days
«nee by Mr Ri<s.tt of South C i< h ?, in opi o i-
tion tithe'   crine cf r-rit'C n.n  in e/ei y decree,
Mr W. said -p hed I st n'd   i >  >   wi h p'rasmc
and wih indf     I* otvwths ndi u  the gent' man
haa been lock d 11 the or    t   of lull ficauon ard
h?dd °plv intnio-l „s   '    1 "   «crin s, h° pjt
forth hispo i  c ' hen -,       i iv hams.nl   bold-   ,
nesspnd uikr (< «i i  'u en    nee     oi comra    i
die n, lhatit «^/Ef'l,      i i , m.  lo  lisien _ti   |
him     Yet, ul ra as lhd'g< n le^ -"J   •'??, even oe
had admitted ihit ihe exu   so (t a discnm n?t>on
in the impou.on if iuiiis f r  revenue aUne was
right and proper     He presumed  it would never
be pretended ihat that gentleman was an advocate
for a high, protective tariff, yet he admitted this,
which was all the rational advocates of protection
contended for- so that, after all the du*t and noise
of this debate, gentlemen on all sides came to the
same conclusion. Now he presumed that to all
quarters of the Union it was a matter of indiffe-
rence by what process of reasoning gentlemen
reached their conclusion, provided that, at last,
they could all agree. Why, then, prolong a fierce
debate on mere abstractions'' and why the bold and
impudent charge which appeared in all the Demo-
cratic prints that the Whigs were pushing the old
tfiah protective policy of 1828' The falsity of the
charge was seen in the fact that when the tariff
was part'ally arranged at the extra session, when
there was so irresistible a Whig majontj, the arti-
cles of prime necessity were left wholly untouch-
ed. At that time the charge was urged with equal
boldness that the Distribution bill was introduced
mamly, if not merely, to afford a pretext for a
high pruective tariff But the falsiiy of ihat
charge had been eaually demonstrated in the fact
that an amendment was introduced and passed by a
Whig Senate, which provided that as soon as a
protective duty of over 20 peí cent, should be im-
posed, ihe effect of the Distribution bilí should be
immediate y suspended. Yet still the same old
baseless cnarge was reiterated, aad the exciting
subj°ct o{ the compromise act was rats d like a
spectre to excite the f-ars of a certain portion of
the Houss Mr. W. was a Southern man and no
advoea'e of high tariff principles, but he had i a-
ther never enjoy ibe honor of a seat in that Hou e
if the doctrine should once come to be established
lhatit had no pjwer, m lay ng necessary duties
for revenue, to make such discriminations as the
honor, the interest and independence of 1- s coun
try demanded [Heie Mr W referred to loud
profession-? of a'tachment to the dear people, un-
der which a policy w?  advocated which went to
des>ro\ ind prostrate their true interests ] He de-
precated wi h wa'mih h- con ta*it eff tt to draT
lines of peographicrl iepara ion between different
portions of this Oonfede acy All the S'ates- were
linked together like the cars of a radrcad train,
and whoever sought to destroy their friendly and
brotherly attachment to each o her, struck a blow
that was aimed at the dearest interests and safety
of the whole
What Mr W had mana'/ sought in addressing
the House a1 this time «a-, 'o p'aee distinctly be-
fore the people the fact, that m the midst of a stre-
nuous and useless debate here, the differed parties
arrayed against each other were, after all, agreed
m coming to one and the same conc'usion, though
bv different road .
But the question of comparative expend tures
between ihe present and Ihe last Administra ions
had beep lugeed m'o the controversy, with, which
ii had no natural or neeess?ry connecfon. True,
that top c had been held up in a prominent manner
in the late Presidential canvass, but what hod so
excited 'he indigna ¡or of the American pe p'e,
and had bull d with so gren ai overthrow the ¡ate
Admin s ration f ora po ver, h d not sj mneh. been
tne Hrge a-iount of thirty-nine or fcity millions of
dolía s ami al expend ture, a  the manner in
«hicn 'his large sam h?d b^n 'est anl w s'ed by
de*alc?H"is and a coi-rapt applieaaon of tue pub-
lic lrpa ure for purpo= s <: f pa1- 5 arib 'irn. My.
W however, hid m t ie e nra- ks no oVs gn f>
h'ft < ffpiiy just respon ib htr fiorr> lee piny at
prfsent n Doner H  aarr- t ed toa', al '.ough th 
Whigh paily hid not a Wh pPiesiJent, st U, hav-
ing a m jTity m Co gr so, i' was response's for
tveses(f Cins!r?ss Bit <"n'l«irfn w^o eom-
pl nei3 si ionah of ^"h ¡  expenditures n the g-
"tral, wl en 1 eme to vo í^g 01 ^s't «ih, 1 ems
•ver  t< u'i i to chptig  'h° - li ie On th s mnt
vr *"7 < -¡(i v '-«s r 1 -sue c nts in tha Ho i e
wl eh anv him nneh pran-"" eit Wh""e e a
p-onosi ir n w-s mide t1 n uc" the <"Wr' orsorue
clerk or "'bor iiii"te ot^-er c" the Gi^er >iea ,
'entera nieiiai it in a rerrej' tush oity <r
'ifiv gen ie >ei wou'd s^'ias to fl>e r ieet a one'
*j ret 'he floor, aid iluv cortrn-'cd who shoud
b llow the loudest for "retr ne^meit" and "re-
form " To hear them, a by^ander would sup-
pose that whenever ap. opportunity was afforded to
reduce ths actual expenditures of the <3overhtoén&
it would be seized with a panting eagerness, an!
that, m the matter of retrenchment, these gentle-
men would out Herod Herod himself; but let the
regular annual fortification bill make its appear-
ance m the House, what became of the cry for rf«
form? The contest was then the other way; the
strife was, who should propose the most mcre&seííf
expenditure. Mr W. had from his seat watched
and taken a minute of the various «amendments
proposed by different gentlemen to that bill last
year, and he had ascertained that if every amend-
ment moved by ibem had been adopted, the ap- .,
propnanon m the bill would have been augmented
to the tune of three and a half millions of dollars
beyond the estimates. This was a fair touchstone
of the sincerity of this deafening cry for retrench-
ment.
If gentlemen were so very anxious to reduce the
public expense?, and so indignant at the Whig
party for its exiravagance, why did ¡hey make no
efforts at reduction? If they asked, in return, why
did not the majority make propositions on the sub-
ject, Mr W't, reply was, for the best reason in the
world: to do so, they must make a leap ra the dark:
none of them knew, or could be expected to know,
whether there were, or were not, too many officers,
for instance, in the custom-house at New Ytfrk, or
at Baltimore, or Philadelphia, whgther clerks could,
without injury, be spared in the Departments; or
whether two millions or three were needed to keep
our fortifications m repair. On all these subj*cts
ihe House must receive light from the Executive;
ar d unless its efforts were sustained by the Presi-
den*, they mus' prove vam, and of no practical
effect. If the President shou d issue a circular call-
ing on a'l the vast army of Executive officers
throughout the country to make faithful reports to
him of all expenditures which might be reduced or
dispensed wuh—if he should be in earnest in the
thing, and let that be well nnders'ood by all be-
nealh him, somethirg effectual might be dose- but
i without some step like this, the economy speeches
of gentlemen en that floor v, ere all humbug, and
calculated for ihe purpose of gulling the people.
True, the President and his Secretaries recom-
mended economy in eloquent, but still m general
terms- al1 tuch generalities and commonplaces
were soun ling brass and tinkling cymbals.
Mr W he'e refei red to the large increase in the
estima es at ihe present ses ¡on for the Navy De-
pártale ¡K   Thev had risen, at onee, from five mil-
lions to ovei eight millions.   Tae pretext was, the
' sh-nte of a pr< bibiUty" that we miaht, by remo'e
possibility, go to war wi'h Great Bn am     Well:
suopo e we even should be forced into a war- had.
not war  been dec'ared by us ¡n 1812, at a time
when oui  population was but eight millions, and
we had but a single ship of the line' when the
country was Without rai!rcaJs?    And h?d we  not
come out of t'->at v ar with honor'   Now we had a
population o* seventeen mill ons, equal, in actual
I effi>i n-y, from  the mcrea ed faul'iy with which
its masses eould be concent r>tjd, to thirtj-four mil-
lions   ye  no v, 111 a s ate of profound peace with
all the vor'd, an incea-e like that he had men-
tioned was proposed b> (V supposed) a Whig Pre-
sident
Mr. W. nare advened D the remirks of Mr.
I  Vr-itERT  ,  as to the alleged revolution in public
I sevim 01, as evinced by the ia'e elections, and bis
ipfpiepce to Wing expenditures, and particularly
I the cost of !ne ex>ra <e«n.D 0' Consress, and be
¡ co>n->lainel of the unfairre^ of Mich at'acks on a
I p?rty n'ua'ed a<- tie  Wh gs h?d been s nee the
i de,it'- n' G irral Harr =or>     Had it pieced an ail
I i, ^ Pj0V i tu-e io ex'end h- p'eciojshfe of that
I >at   ~t ¡or ihe four >ear<, of his Presidential term,
1 ird h  1 he, in c t.]"' c I0" *tiii a Wh's CoDSr<!SSi
I    (c«ee ed a  t>-e elose of that term 1-1 givng a
1 uoTr^a'd 1 ' ct rn n> tieex"e-scs of th  Govem-
' mer>t, it i' ould ha/e been ah ihe nation aad a right
I  fifi'   n  ir  d'caid     Public cxp « ü ures could
«ot b* reduced iu a mom^n*, as i   '?t'  touch of
1  msg" nn s wand    It was a'-r's    nd oí neccs-
«1 y, if work of time, sod < f great 1 id itduois diffi.
rulty.    But, sitoa ed as th    wtre, ^hat could «be
Whig  do?   It was plain  tl ey had  not a Whig
President at their heaJ, for the apparent chanjje
¡I
