m______________
exhibited by the recent elections was pointed to by
the President with obvious pleasure and exulta-
tion. Such a man could have no common feeling
with the great Whig party of this Union. The de-
feat of the Whigs, if sach it could be called, in the
fall elections, was easily accounted for. There
was a torpor, an indifference in the Whig ranks;
and for the best reason: they had no common ob-
ject. It had been the Bank question which enabled
the party to triumph, in the West particularly.
Reform of the currency by a United States Bank
had been the theme of Whig declamation on every
stump. The West had no dockyards, sea wail«,
* arsenals, dry docks, or any other of those fertile
sources of Federal expenditure which were enjoyed
in other parts of the country. All it asked or hoped
from the Federal Government was a good circulat-
ing medium. But when the new President plucked
away what had been the chiei object of hope, and
the Whigs were most impudently told that it had
never been made a question in the Cabinet, was it
wonderful that they were at a stand, like an army
whose general had deserted them and gone over to
the enemy?
And what were they to have in place of that ef-
ficient National Bank which had been the object of
their expectations? He was told that the "pa'nots"
in both Houses would pass the bill for the fUcahly
—the miseiable half-way, go-between thing, half
Sub-Treasury and half National Bank, recom-
mended from the White House. Yes, this would
be taken by the patriots in Congress' In these
days it was the very easiest of all things in this
world to be a "patriot." A man had nothing to
do but to go over the lines into Canada, to bum a
barn, and then burn a dwelling house full of
women and children, then to massacre some dozen
or half dozen people and cross back into the United
States, and at once hii name would be found
insenbed on the roll of "patriots." Or another
way, still easier and shorter, was to get up in this
House, openly renounce tbe political principles a
man had avowed and defended for years—a/,
through his whole public life—to forsake and de
nounce his long tried friends and associates, and
break all his promises to a confiding constituency,
and straight he would become a patriot of the very
first water, be would be received and honored by
the occupant of th= White Houre as one who had
done good service, and, petaiven'ure, besides all
that, there was a prospect that the gentleman's
valuable services would not be lost to his country,
but that he might be called to tome high post
which chanced to have a good fat sa'ary a' ached
to it, wher he migrit aid a ratnow Cjis £ üagn
trate by his patrio lc counsel and co-ope'at on in
carrying out his pure p tr our ccsi0n-., to I s com-
pleted, p >ssibly, widiM a s cond t< ¡m Seme per-
tlemen, <-inee the unexpected change in p_ tj pros-
pects, had suddenly manifested a very pec iliar
fondness for office; and with th it fondness had de-
veloped a remarkable f„cilny in cingue  truths
and adopting new principles while -.one ot them,
thus suddenly ermg-ivned, having unfoitu lately
failed in obtaining ohVes, had as suldeiily become
obfuscated in iheir undc's'anding—eel., -id, as
it were, in all their bughtnes-, and hid cuelly
turned about and denounced our patriotic Presi-
dent.
Now it would have been the easiest th,n? in the
world for Mr. W. to make a speech L r this fisca-
lity, declare to be well known to ever?  body that
he never had been the adveate of a  Bank of the
United S ates, • ¡at t>e President ?nd  his  cojns=l-
lors h^d struck out a hato,   devoe to give th 
country a sound < urieney and low  exchüi «*■-, and
that as a p >'ru4 he cor! 1  nnvt cop->-i t to s=r 111
country si fílr for  threp jears loi><-er be evil  r{
her proent ct fi i"i, •"■ 1 i!,"rei 11 e ! e ho'd n m„
duty to h s cor- itu  .-, ind to al  pnd sjnd v
whom it m ght c r- >v, <      '<■ t .e mw  jnoasjre 1
his cord al and zea )D.s->,p irrt   xb    w«s a speech I
with wh'th, <d oj'd  h > iii ,i e ¡,, none roald fird I
fault, and in f_ct lir  plains to bp a p_ not woa'd
fhencelor'h be a fettled  Mir?     Tjue,   he Wn T ¡
party had achieved a great wet r,, end they tamo 1
up to this place panting wi h patriotism, (and very I
possibly wnh a love of office, too,) [a laugh ] when, )
pu a sudden, their leader shot off at right angles j
Congressional globe.
,...; , .,:'   ■,'„,"    ".r-r;    ■.        ..              ...........■™r;
tioned by the clause. This appeared to Mr. H. a
very summary mode of settling matters. To him
it appeared that, as the Constitution confided to
Congress the power to regulate without any quali-
fication or restriction whatever, CoDgress on that
subject was at liberty to do just what it should
deem most expedí 'nt. And did not every body
know that under the sanction of this clause, Con-
gress had, in fact, actually destroyed, or at least
tor a time totally suspended, the commerce of tbe
country? The embargo and non-intercourse acts
rested lor their constitutionality solely on these
words; yet every enlightened statesman acquietced
in those laws as entirely constitutional, however
severe their operation might be. Nor had Mr. H.
any hestiatttn m saying that Congress might de-
stroy commerce, so far as a particular branch of
it was concerned, thereby to promote its general
prosper'ty. No enlightened statesman, no sound
lawyer, would attempt to confute that position.
The power to regulate commerce was conferred
absolutely, and without any condition whatever.
What did that power imply? What was a neces-
sary consequence of it? C early this: that if other
powers adopted a system in relai'on to their com-
merce which impaired tbe commerce of this coun-
try, Congress might counteract their leg slafo.i by
counter enactments. Such acts he conceived to
be a legitimate exercisa of a constitutional power.
Our commerce was chiefly with Great Britain;
and what was the couise adopted by the Govern-
ment of that country towards American commerce'
Was it not suth as to embarrass and hamper th:t
comme'ee in various ways? Did she not abso-
lutely exclude some of our products from admis-
sion into the Brityh Eports, and did she not pass
discriminating dates against others? The docu-
ments would show ¿aany striking instances of this.
The very large amount oí fish—say to the amount
of a million of dollars annual]}—derived from
our fisheries, Great Britain shut out aosolutel} and
entire'y. On the whale oil of tbis coucfy, amount-
ing to about a midion and a half every year, Par-
liament imposed a duty of twenty-ux pounds
twelve shillings per ton; while, on whale oil im-
ported from her own dominions, she levied one
shilling a ton. Here was a discnmiating duty of
twenty s'x poonds eleven shilnrgs in favor oí her
own products, and directly against ours. So, on
American whalebone, she put a duty of ninct}-
five pound*, per ton, on her own but one pound per
ton. As to the corn law.,every body was familiar
with tha exelusn.ii wh.ch was the effect of them.
Now wou'd bit, fncnd from S dth Caro ina [Mr.
Riieit] Sr*y that ihs American Government had
no rigit to pass counts.ailing laws to m°et the
effect of legislation of thu charac'ei? Iniawng
duties weie we to have r>o repeat to the protec-
tion of our own citizens?
On the claus.? which declared that fnxe-> might
be 'did fo pay tne debts and provide for the gene-
ral welfateo the United States, tbe gen 'eir.au had
deci 'ed in a manner equally summary. The gen-
tleman had argued tha" if it were once al'owcd that
Congress might discúrrate in any one ca-e in lay-
Fgdu íes ior revenue, then the v Me discre'i'n of
di critt'nation in du .es ?nd of  h  en 1 c urj et
of the tariff, was aosolu'e / ci nfide 1 'o Congress,
sad ss ibis ne/er could hiVdb en in'e.d-J, ego
the clause gave no such power And th s s-rf n-
ment proceded lion a gentleman who -íofcsed
the most almoin p, erttte, t<nKrundtd confidence
.n tha people: yet he e'enrd it wa> po ti-
ll at the di-crefri of lav ii<* amies ior th.3 eds
mentioned in the Consti'u onrnuMerei havL been
coafided to the immediate cao - n re prese-'ative of
tbe p" p'e'
[iTr.Riii.TT lere interposed to einla o, an'
na ed tint he fad put hi- orjtf<ni n e ea nore
broadly than tsp-entiempn lalvted • V/nst
l,e s,rd was thi=: if C engreís hid the po"/<r cC i'i -
cii'iimf Ing in tie duties laid 10' th  b-r, 'if nt ma-
nyfaCti rers, on tbe ,'rojnd d-.it Con rf-sh >lile
povver to legi-lafp in all matter, it w-j d cm o-v-
dient to the "general voelfwe," then itif C 1 s , u-
Hon was surrendered up to 'he v ül tíf a neie xr-*-
jonty on this floor, who wt uld -0 s«ss unl m'ted !e-
g.slative powers; and tlie Cor ti-uaon, with 1 s limi-
tations, wouU thus virtually be aloiishej.
from the track which had led them to strength and
triumph. From that moment a plain road was
opened for individual ambition to honor and to
office, to profit and to power^although he who pur-
sued it must disgrace bim'elf be'Oie the world;
though he mustfaU fy his principles and betray his
constituent-; though he knew and they declared
that he misrepresented them, he could still hold on
to his place and his pay, and could declare that,
though the President had some peculiar netiona
about banks and currency, his intentions were all
right, and it was a duty to sustain him This was
a sure and a safe road—a glorious and a profitable}*
speculation. Let those pursue it who would. A'
manly, upright, honest man—a man who preferred
piiftctple to place—would choose a very different
course. A proof of this had been set before the
world by some of the late Cabinet. Would to God
it had been by all' One still remained m place
there, for whom Mr. W. had ever chensbed a pro-
found respect and regard: bat it seemed thatsoms-
thing had intervened and beclouded bis powerful
understanding Mr. W. trusted in God the mo-
tives which bad actuated his conduct had been
pure, that they had be^en motives indeed patrie t'c;
but -e confessed his own piesent inability tocem-
prebend what intse could be.
As to this new fiscal affair, Mr W. said be had
looked into it as well as be could, and to him it
seemed that that portion of the President's message
which referred to it might very well have been di-
vided into two separate documents—one directed to
the Whigs of the two Houses, and the oiher to the
Democrats. Tha scheme «ai neither more nor le s
than General Jackson'^, old scneme for a Treasury
Bank—a scheme so ably exposed by a distinguished
gentleman from South Carohna, and which not a
solitary editor throughout the country, nor one
single member of Congress in either branch, had
had unbiushmg effrontery enough to advocate.
The Secretary of Stale bim.eb, a' that time, openly
opposed ¡t, though now, it s emed, he was strong
in its fa vol. Had the ruinng Cabinet recommend-
ed to the Piesident such a measure ai this, they
might well have been denounced for gross and
opcn irconsis'ency. Mr. W here adverted to the
history ot the session of 1837, when a United
States Bank had so decided a mrjonty in its favor,
and to the sudden and marvellous change,
when 114 Democratic mereoers had afterwards
vo ed fur Mr. Van Burcn's Sub-Treasury scneme.
The fact, at that day, was charged as evidence of
the power 01 Executive influence in Congreis, and
so violent wastherevrluiion o"pnncip'e demanded
by party di'ctphne, that a por ion oí the party re-
volted, burst th-" }oVe from trci1' ¡eck-, and re-
s s ed so mor.t cus a s-crit'i^ 01 conscience and of
honor. A like sacrifice w^s icv demanded from
Mr. W , he *a, ínsr.tet1 to vioLtc ihe tie, to break
the link of hoieren., cfoiii'de'coby "'• cn ¡JS w?s
bound to his c'1 tua-n « Heci'ilrr '0 it He
trusted in G h > never '■hoc do gJi.ly ci an act
so base. And he occluded by 3} rg mat he had
longpd for an opportunity cf -ayin , u, the fa-e oí
Heaven, beiore his c 11 tilu'-n -, his S ate, and his
country, that, \ h„ ever uth<-r- mo 0 to do Lj should
stand by hi-> principle"
Mr. HUDSON'of Mis-ajmse is o'itamed the
floor, but offered, it gentl „> n w~ e ¡eddy ai d de-
-uous now t j t ke th' queaiion, tu it„ gu it and
w?i«e his privilege of _uare s ng tje House.
[Crrs of "No, no, g 1 on ' ]
After a lew pr atory words, showjpg that, as
tV questirn n >w w¡=s | rtse> t-<i, he -u'es oí oidcr
admit'ed the v irV t latitude tfdtbi'e upon its
wnole bta-ing , Mr la. pro-e d d 10 remark on
the bold e< o' Mr Í hett r, mm 1. g thj ques-
ti' n. That <>p 'lerni. i^.d, a o"c>, .. e nxe to tne
roo', b/d Ting m tolo, ¡ ' 1 >vcr iii Con^re«, to
p1  s a Id) v ¡< 1 -1 >o 1 1 -j a'iy e.i crim la: ng
duly f r die f tse'i p oi \c n* onal in u tr>,
an I in suoportng h's p n ",Vaiini ci&lihit
of the gen I aun í i m N w York, [Mr. Li>s ]
wbo hid ronton !<d mat t >■ power oi prate ou
wai mcidcn'ai t > tne pos* er given by. le Cons 1 u-
tioii "to r>guldie eoTnerce. ' The go-.tleman h >d
inst-. ed that a power '0 regoli'c was not a p we-
to destroy, and as protection, in that gen'leman's
view, destroyed commerce, it cou'd not be sane-
