Mr. H replied that it eame to the same thing;
aad the gentleman's principle, broadly stated, was
this—that nothing could be submitted to the discre-
tion oí Congress wi hout the anmh.lation of the
Constitution. As that instrument gave Congress
the power of laying duties for the ends therein spe-
cified, Mr. H. understood that, provided these
ends were pursued, the whole subject was submit-
ted, absolutely, to the discretion ot Congress. And
what wete these ends? To pay the c'eDt*, provide
for the protection, and promote the general welfare
of the United States. Now it Congress might lay du-
des to protect this country against the arms of Great
Britain, could it not prottc it against the manufac
ture  oí Gr at Britain' If if could lay taxes (o protect
us aeamst British soldier-., m a British fort or sh p,
might it not just as much to protect us agamst Bri-
tish paupers, in a British factory? The power was
amp s Congre s could as well protect American
nipriufacmres against the attacks of British legisla-
tion as it could protect American cities against the
attacks of a British fleet. If it had power for one
object it bad power for the other.
The gentleman settled the controversy by a gene-
ral principle, he insisted that duties for pro ection
and duties for revenue were not only difieren' from
but directly opposed to each other—where protec-
tion commenced, revenue ceased la illustration,
the gent'errs-n went on to show that if protec'ion
wa-> earned so far a? wnolly to exclude the fo-
reign article, no dat es, of coarse, ttouldbepad
on its íuportatior; but 1 e did not stop tnere. He
went on tj s?y lunher, that a duty less than prohi-
bitory destroyed reyenue jast in prcporVon a-- it
diminished importation It it reduced th- ímpir-
Ut on ont-halt, it destroyed ic.en.ie one half; it it
reduced impor'aticfi one quarte - it reduced reve-
nue one-quartei It a üu'j i f 100 r> r cent would
de troy re mua (nine' , i ay of 50 per cent
weoU de^tr^y ore haK cf ihj leveiiae, anda
duty of t'.en'j-five per cent, wou d oesttoy
one quarter of the revenue. The gentleman
moisted on thi- principle as of universal ap
plication Mr H denied it to be a cound ore. He
denied mat because a duty of 100 per cent, would
d-stroy revenue, it followed thaf a duty of 50 n r
cent would destroy one-half the revenue. No
_uch con'oquence necessarily followed.
[Mr Rhett here again explained, but as he
tu ned to Mr. H and from the reporters, vhat he
said was indistinctly heard He was understood
to say th?' u vvs s", in p-mcip'e, and would be so
in the long run, although for a time suci might not
be the case He adnni ted ¡bat an increase of duty
might fo a Um , increase revenue; but ultimately,
the result was inevitable. A commodity which re-
quired and received a protective duty here, to be
produced, must, in the end, supplant the foreign
produce entirely, and extirpate the importation, and
with it all revenue. At fif-t the domestic producer
may produce but a 'enth of tbe consumption, wh 1st
iiue tenths might be imported, on wn'ch the in-
creased duly is collected. But the duty, wh en en-
abled hm to undersell the foreign producer one-
lenth, in the sod mast give him the whole market,
and thus destroy allrevenue ]
Mr. H rejoiced to find that tne gentleman had
relax d a htue from his abs'racr,on, pnd was wil-
ling to look at things in a manner somewhat moie
practical Mr. H should look at them in thesame
waj -tow the principle, as stated by the gentleman
f om South Carolina, and by other gentlemen dur
in; thi deba'e, could not be better 'llusfa ed than
by an anecdote In his part of the country they
¿ad H'c i thirgs as quack doctors, and it was once
TV. H s fctune to come across one who selected
as hw topic of denunciat on the practice of blood
lettm/ Said he, "t can convince an^ ma.i m a
ver/ i-i" minutes thi' blood-leturg is lnjnuou- m
all eases, and 11 some vent dangerous. My gene-
ral principle is tbi ' li oj i- life, it, therefore, you
take away all a man'* b^od, ycu take away hu
life—th  man must die. And so ¡f you take away
onehafof htsjDlool, you ake away one half hs
life ii>outakea quancr, iou take a quarter of
h.s 'ife, aid so oa m anv other proportion "' (Con-
vu'sions of laughter) Hrre was a perfect illus-
tration of the gentleman's abstraction- the very
thing.
CONGftESSIONAL GLOBE.
But how did this thiig work in practice? In
1836 the duties on imported goo Is were very high.
Was not ine Treasury overflowing? Certainly.
Were not manufactures then protected? The gen-
tleman admitted they were; for, in arguing for the
observance of the compromise act, he had urged
'his consideration, that during the former portion
of the duration of that act tbe manufacturers had
enjoyed the protection, and it must be continued
that during the la'ter portion the producers might
have their share of protection. Yet, notwithstand
mg this protect>on of the manufacture*, revenue
flowed in m torrents, insomuch that, to gel rid of
it, Congress had to pass the Di^nbunon act If
protection destroyed revenue, how came revenue
to overflow when prrtecuon was highest?
Another illustration was found in the case of
silk Previously to tie late extra session, import-
ed silk paid a very small duty; no t it paid 20 per
cent. Here vas prolection to a certain extent.
He put it to the gentlemrn to say whether be be-
lieved that that duty would bring no revenue into
the Treasury'    Would any gentleman say thic?
If a duty of 20 or 25 per cent, were laid to pro-
tect manufac ures, it might «dimmish revenue to
seme extent; but not in the same proportion in
wh'ch it protected manufactures. And so the to
tal amount cf revenue might even be greater, in
consequent of ac'ua'ly de troyirg all revenue on
a particu'ar ar* ele, prov'ed the dunes were judi-
ciously laid on lie residue. Bvp-ohibitmg the im-
porta ion of 'hpt pirheola* article, rew resources
nrght be deve'oDed m our own country, and do-
mestic industry m gh' recive an irciiem nt to ao
uvty which wiu'et produce gereral vealth ¿nd
prosperity; aid thus h*- ma« of the peop e be '•pn-
dered be er ab'e and moie wil'ne to pay taxes,
and thus 'be revf-un b  ul'im't'-1/ ¡i created
ra'her tb^n d m<n 'V1
Bu' the "ea'^man r fc cr>t=d be pa' íes m th s
tariff controversy  o be thf> <ranuf?c urers versus
the people of the Un ted States; and he referred to
the census to show that whi'e tbe manufacturers
were but 700,000 the peip'e of the United S'ates
amounted to 17,000 000 Here were 700,000
against 17 000,000 But did not every one see
'hat this mode of s'ating t'"e case wss unfair?
Wero the 17 000 000 ?U lab reí^ Dd not that
number í-c'uie women' jnclu^e young children'
me'ude fh  lam?' 'Pc'nde <h" sick' include the
dym«' while th* 700,000 were a'l m th  vigor and
petivity of life' Was this a fa,' comparison'
But, further while tbe eentlemsn thus opposed aU
pro'ec'ion to manufacturers. he was a s'rsng ad-
vocate for encourasms co-pmerce.
Mr. Rhstt    D'd I r sk prolection for commerce'
Mr Hudson. N\ and fo' ¡>n obvious reason—
commerce has it already. But tbe gentleman's
former spee hes—all h s speeches—showed him a
strenuous advocate for 'he encouragement of com-
merce But while tbe rnarufarturers amount to
700,000, the m rcha"'s are but 117,000—cmly cne-
suth of the nu">ioer' Bu' Mr K hresa ed rea-
sons whv 1 e ha I, fr« n 1 owi knowledge, no con-
fi-lTce in 'li° accural of thf cjrsus There were
in Massachusetts 117,000 returnf d to the legisla-
ture as eneíged 11 t aiufrc u'es of all kmd^, with-
out inc udiug i numbei o' s-n.-l! manufactures
cprned on 'n families, si eh a? braid ng straw
rrakmg palm-leaf bea's, Se, the enstss staed
the numb r at 85,000
But tne s«ntleman ver* fu her '->e linked thi'
this niimber of 700,000 <y -^ tco large, because tbe
o^era'ves were not to be (\untei An 1 \ b\1
Beciuse) acco> Ji<-<r tc he g it ernar ih 5 h?d no
mtfre^t wha'ei"i-m r<-^*<--' n tbeysl «irgno p^rt
ofrHe orofi =• Mr II cane fon wuese th s>
opera'i es -sei" ?t d re in i 'ed 'bat hev hsdf*
dirca an i te t,st m p- ret o^ ■ ? be onpi-^to"!
of tuc 'i" one". So l^n^ r p t t e on ^ <^ni nnel,
thp fr p /cin c "tin" to p y i" «nf ■> aee ,
bu rot wh<*n it wps w \u lavn T'-p centl m"l
h rt sail th-wat" o ti e npeif' es vt-r- egida
fd not bv p o -" "> , lui by ,l e rat> o' \ r~ts
? ound f'caj Trn , but Me c v¡"crs^ ws a! o
true The \>" es rour 1 then weic reiula'ed by
the wases of the operatives in ihe factories. Thev
were taken chiefly from th  agricultural class, ard
when they were withdrawn wages rose.
m
But Mr. H. denied that the parties m this ida-
troversy were the manufactorers agairfst the peo-
ple; ihey constituted a part of tbe people, and tlte
pe .pie had an interest in theitprotection, and pst
so it was with merchants.
The amount of manufactured goods exported in
a single year was $12,866 000—a larger amount
than all the tobacco and nee. Manufactures not
only gave^mploymentto foreign commerce—they
fostered the coasting trade also. There was no
natuial hostility, but the contrary, between manu-
factures and commerce. Their interes's were one
and the same. Whoever set the manufacturers to
work, provided employment for the merchants.
in like manner, agriculture bad a ditect interest
in the protection of manufactures. It seemed lo
be taken for granted that all the protection gwen
to manufactures was so much taken from agricul-
ture, but it was not so Many agricultural arti-
cles were now protected far more than any manu-
facturer ever thought of asking Potatoes, oats,
whe-it, flour, indigo, cotton, pork, beef, butter, flax,
hemp, and wool, were all covered with heavy do-
ties Tbe potatoes of Mame were protected to the
amount of 10 cents a bushel. Repeal this duty,
and how long would the potatoes ot that Sfate be
founJ in oar Southern cities? Immediately wooM
they be supplanted by the po'atoes of Nova Scotia";
and, even as things now stood, the two were c«m-
petmg m the same market Take the article of
cbeese; it now sold at the North at about ten cents:
per pound, and the duty was nine cents, or ninety
per cent. The article was made m Pennsylvania
and Ohio as well as m New England. Take off
the dutt', and the chee3e oí England and Germany
w mid «oon come in and supersede it.
Bat the great value ot manufactures to the
fa*mer -ras thp market they opened for his.pro 
( duce. Where would the Sooth and the West find
a mirket for their "yeilow corn," of whtch the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] so often
talked to the House' The ports of Great Britain
were shut against it Wbere would be the market
for the fljur and rice of ihe South?   Their almost
I   exclusive market was at the North.
There came m'o the State of Massachusetts in
a year four millions of bathe's of corn, while all
raised within the State amounted to but 1,700,000
bri'heN; 400,000 barrels of flour and 20,000 casks
of rice were also impoited into the State. Mr.
H. said to the entfe grain-growing interest in every
par' of the House t^at th<¡ manufacures of the
North ough' to be a dear to them as to any
Northern man. Yet gentlemen talked about "the
manufrcurers versus the people of the United
States "
Mr H. went on further to observe ihat, if there
was any one question ot na'ioDal policy before
Congress in which the laborers of the Union had a
direct mtere,t, it was this They were m'e'ested
m it r-bove 811 oiher m n If gentlemen would
have parties m thi  controversy, the true parties
■were" ,e Laboier versus the Idlers." None Were
hostil  to manufacturers but gendemen who them-
selves lived without l.bar    But ne demel there
I   were an^ part e~ in the c0se, the who'e people were
'     n'erested
I       Bat, to seethe efftct of manu^actares onthe ge-
I   feral piosp ritv, «uppo«e they were all destroyed
' at a blow. Then 700,000 pe^ons would all be
turrel loose on the otnercallings m the commu-
1 nit\ teey rrost come m amorg the laborers and
agr.culiuriSiS. Tney would naturally go to the
area West Ard what vrou'd be.h consequence?
Tho e pro 'ucts of tue earln now so plentiful there
is almo--  io be a dios wuld \y madesttll more
i abundant And wb>re -ronld ih-y find a marfeet?
Who worn1 h  p*- h'ed by such an op ration?
líese 700 C00 con^aveis voelJ be controverted
in 7C0 000 producer , making a difference cf
),400CjO WolM thi promote the ntere ts of
-S iluuu' ' Sure1} no i's p'oducis %.ould be a
gi\*. ai,d their b st mar-iet wo-'dSe destrojed.
Pip,o>e ibe m rin'2unr3 of *cr-"- --htuU be abo-
1 jW vhat wculd be tbeefect1 Tne ugar planta-
'íoii^WJVild be couertea m o cotton field-, and the
gent eman Trem  Sou h  C?-cl "a would find still
I   more competition in  his fa voute staple, while his
I   great Northern rnaiku, which now consumed one-
