CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ta.
«ions,  reported a bill for the  relief  of Huliah
Tucker, which was icad.
Mr. KING, from tne C <rnni!ttee ou Commrrce,
reported bacK to the Senate, without amendment,
and wuh a recommendation thai it do pass, the
bi" ressuUting commercial intercourse with the
port of Cojenne, m the colony of French Gu'ana,
and (o remit Miain <*u íes
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
repocda bill for die relief of John S. Billing.,
which v.a  read
Ako, made an unfa voiab'e report on the pennon
of Ca-per W. Weaver; wh.ch was read and laid
oa the table
Mr. McROBERTS aak.d leave to introduce a
bill (or tin act establishing a port of entry at the
ci'y ot Chicago, in ihe State of Illinois
Mr McR. addressed the Senate, and explained
the i ecisity anl ímpor'ance of placin? that city
upon the 'ame footing with St Louis Louisville,
í mi Cir cnna'i, as to being made a port of en'ry.
He ceiled the a'tent on of the Senate to the rapid
ad/ancemem of tfc.at city—to us increasing poou-
'ation—and to its to n? e and commerce—all of
which, he said, gave Ch.cago the strongest claim?
to be made a po-t of entry. The bill was in'ro-
d xed, read twice, and, upon his moaon, referred
to ihe C rnmittee on Commerce.
IV enarossed bdlsfor the relief of Samuel Cra-
pm,and b.'i g'an'mg a pen ion to Margaret J mie-
b n, witowof SdWue1 Jamie>on, were read the third
lime auu pa ^ed
Mr W00DB31DGE reported from ins Cotn-
rmu e on C j«.Jor¡ rce, wi>h a vew of having print-
ed, ceriam papers relatirg to the navigation of the
If kt , whiih was «greed 10
T ¡E LA\D DISTRIBUTION ACT
Tap tollowina rejoin i n, *\j?< >ed 01  hs 231
invant, by Mr. fA\\, wts ia i.n if an1 adopted,
• iz-
RtsAved, Taat the Secretar/ of the Treasury be
d re.ied to make a report to the Senate, showing
ivhat wou'd have been the operaron of tbe Land
Distribution bill, if it had b°en in operation during
th' year 1841, and how much would have been the
dis r butive shares of each State and Territory, and
t e Datr-et of Columbia, umlei said bill, according
to the a-certained and estima'ed product of the
knd sa'es for th  year. AI«o the dis nbuuve share
of each íúdiv dual, provided the said revenue
should have b en divided out by the head to Ihe
entire papulation or the Union, according to tne
ensu ot 1840; and how muc'i would have been
iHc d str.btitive shares of the States, Territories,
find Di tnct ot Columbia, and individuals, pro-
vided all th° proper cobts and charges upon the
lands, consisting oi I-idpn annuities, pa< able dur-
ing th  year, at'd the cu'rent purchases of laid 
from Indiana, m addm >n to other < o^ls and chargts
na ne 1 m the D sinOution act, were first deducied
before tne di^tiioution should be made
Tne b U for ihe re'.ef of David Wsl'er, was
tak-n up, asm Committee of th? Whole-, and af-
ter <" va: explana ion by Mr. PIERCE, was re-
p ir'ed to tbe Señale without amendment, and or-
der d to be engrossed for a third reading
The bid introduced on yesterday by Mr. Ben-
ton to postpone Ihe operation of the Bankrupt
Ian, w th a view lo amendment, came up ia or-
d-r afd    as reíd th" second time.
M    BCRRi EN moved its ¡efereSce to the Com
l"tteeoi  t^e Jod c.ary.
Mi. BENTON -aw no necessity for its refe-
i.nc;. to pny c mrnitice. Prompt action was
\ *n e1 lie fcoped, therefoie, the mot on would
ne i prevail                                        I
Jlr BERRIEN «said, ia conside^ati|n ef the
í o tin o\eral petition^ touching thessubjec bad
le n n férrea 10 hat commttee, ne Je k it'or
caned mat the b il ••ho,. 11 have fhesrame ¡ere.
.c c.
M CALHOUN hop"d it would not be ref, ned
at an,«nl  -.it was the understanding that ihe
t ii i t won' 1 lep rt at an cirW day Tne ob-
j c' i t t > I ill 9ap fot a usp nsion oí 'he law It
•ca hi o jvCt to engraft up n it, when it cm,e up,
an ¿mcndine it icr me repeal of tnat law He be-
te/el that there s1 as a great reaction in public
opin.on  with reference to the question.   It was
passed preeipita'ely at the la-t session, and since
that time, t .e country had exa-runed, not only its
provision , but tbe question of the propriety of any
law, and there wa* a great change, he believed,
with referente to i¡. He tlought those ínteres ed
in the bill should have an opportunity of perfect-
ing it, if it were to go mto operation; and unless
the committee was to report at an satly day, that
opp irtuniisi could uji be aff>rded.
Mr LINN reminded the gentlemen of the Wh'g
party oi tneir coil's tne other day on thi question
of reference of the bill to repeal the Dis ribu'ion law
of the last session, to a Sf lect oommittf e. They then
contended that it T-a  a umple question of rtpea',
no details to m/e^isate &z. and taat it was not ne
cessary to ruer it for hat reason He contended
that this, aKo, w-s a simp e question not to repeal,
but merely to pos'pone, and therefore leas necess ty
exi ted for is r ft-r<-nce to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. Tre Senate not only recused ihe reference of
the Distribu'ion till to th  Committee on Military
Affair-", or to a select committee, as proposed by
him, but refused to refer it at all He did not ob-
j-ct to ihe course the Senate then thought proper to
take, but he would prefer that they would act in
accordanre with the vote given th? o'berday
Mr BERRIEN said the motion w¿s submitted
under the belief that as chairman of the Judiciary
Committee he regarded the molion as proper—'he
subject of repeal and pctponement having been
pre--en ed to it on the pet tions already referred. If
i' s emeJ propsr to cany ou' the vi ws of the peti-
tioners bj a re e'ence >f the retí tins to that com
mtttee, ha thouih1 inis b I1 «■hoold have a like dis-
po tun Win ri-'Tio'" to the bill f< r the repeal of
th" Di-tribuiion ct, r fcrr d obi the Senator from
MissotH, hi. did th>nk t'u Senate ci mpnent to de-
cide on it vi nout rcwe, u havng been passed
maccr ?„rc " h >uOirri'j-.peiitioni, and nonew
1 gh's cou d ee e'ioi ea b^ be ug sent o a comrr i •
t e But he co. ceivei the conüi'ion of th.s subject
different. It was sa>d by many that the bill was
impracticable, and required amendment. Prom an
interchange of opinion wuh the committee, ht knew
th¡ t if they found i to be the case, tney would feel
it their deny to repor as eaiy a rrac icable on the
b 11, if i* was referred. He hoped the b.ll would
not be hurried lhrct,gh without reference
Mr KING would go aa-un t any reference of
th.s sulj c , and e-rec &"y to the C^mm't'eeon the
Jud ciary. When th  Senator from Missouri, the
o'tier day, reported a b 11 to rep ;l the Distribution
ac, ii was repor e I wuh an a"d nonal proposition,
\sh>ch was, t^at th  proceeds of Ihe tales of the
pubac lands ■•h.o.ild be rpphed to the defence of the
country; and *be propcsnoa involved the whole
financial po'icy of the country. In answer to what
was then s..id—that the bill should be sent to a se-
lect committee, for the purpose of investigating tbe
ronditiun of ih  Treason, and ascertaining whether
it was in a condi' on 'o met the expenditures for
the e'ect on of dvftnee-, and if nM, iii\t the distri-
bu'ioi should c*cp a-^ ' t'ie proceeds, of the lands
shou'd be ap ha1 to ',a' o^'ct—hey wtre told
that the bi'l in iiJaeed Oy the S^sia or was merely
to re| eal, a"d a.d not req ¡.re a reference, snd that
¡he object c^nteaxplatcj wuu'd on'y be endangered
by hiving an ex paite ,ep rt made upon it hy a se
lea romiiitue He, a' to-at tit-> e, piopospl to re-
f" the lili m tie Comii ttee on r, uiau Affairs, a
majori y o" u'i r\ be' in', d to th" doirinant part';
but his mot on d J net pi-v-Jil A'-l now, phhoug'i
a si. p'e mea y e na  Liidtic°d,notto repeal, but
mtrelv to pes no c hTi «r.-tionof a Uw untilth-y
cou! 11 ickut! oeratel autjíida'-eer.ain t'ie W's-hes
cf the Arre- C4 i pe , '% wi li a vrw it form cor-
ree opi" oIs-, !h- e \er> '■endemen "-hi oppoel
the 'pvoral r i lit i i" ri i*> ^vh ci were men made,
can e forwatd a'l! p opo« d 'le ief°reoce of the
subject 'o th1 Cj^cati-c oi the Jttd'cia'j ! But
if the me„sui >' a- nsb , m Use'/, and was to be
coi--deiedasfi binitr p Jaw, there wa« scarcely a
t. an who wouid n tscy thit the bm «^ gros-ly
dekc'ive, arj must be ati'-n'od toinsnre t"e pur
, ose v icV'' fnd d lo Accomplish. It would
not do to let t''is law ¡.o o\ ua 1 it vas too lat  to
amend i; anl if the opinan was entertained that
t'lts law was bUth a os_e as shoukl go into opera-
tion, it surely was proper to postpone it a day suffi-
ciently distant to enable them to bring to'their aid
all the lights which had been shed upon it shjcjb
the passage of the bill. He hoped that gentlemen
would preserve their fe=Imgs of consistency; and,
as they had the other day refused the reference of
a bul which had in view a simple proposition to
repeal, he trusted that they would not persevere
now (when a proposition was made, not to repeal,
but mer-dy to po-stpone the operation of an act)
ia masting that the bill of the Senator from Mis*
soun should be sent to a committee opposed to its
object, and thus change the whole ground which they
then assumed.
Mr. MANGUM said it was true there would be
inconsistency in acting on a different principle
from that maintained the other day in relation to
referring the bill for the repeal of the Distribu-
tion act, and he regretted the mo'ion of his friend
from Georgia bad been made. He confessed that
he was in tavor of postponing or suspending for
the present the Bankrupt act, because he believed
in it's present shape it could not be carried into
effect He had learned from the very best judicial
authority of ihe country, that its provisions are
utterly impracticable, and that considerable modi,
fieaitons- are indispensable; unless the officrs of tbe
judical courts courts could be endued with ubiquity,
the act could not be carried 'n'o effect. He there 
fore called upon his friend [Mr. Berrien] to
withdraw his mo'ion, with a view of allowing the
consideration of the bill to come at once before
tne Senate. He believed the operation of the act
ought to be suspended and postponed, but to a day
much ear ler than tnat named in the bill of the
Senator from Missouri, i line must be allowed
for maturing (he amendments necessary to render
the act practicable.
Mr. CALHOUN cmcurred with the Senator
from Noith Carolina, and alihooshhehad tesolved
to propose an amendmeat to the bill, going at ones
to a repeal of ihe act, he would now suspend that
intention, and would consent to a simple postpone-
ment. He hoped there would be a general con-
currence on this point, as all must be satisfied that
tkere is an ab>o!u'e necessity for postponement.
Mr CLAY thought that the reference proposed
was proper, and h° had no ides that the committee
to whom it might be given in charge would retain
it uri'il the law sieuld go into effect. They were
told by tho e who made the bill the particular
subject of their attention, that some amendments
must necessarily be made to carry it into effect,
and that the purpose of the suspension was to
enable t íem to introduce amendment; but whether
banking corporations were to be included or not,
made no difference They learned from all quarters
that some amendments were indispensable; and this
was one of those subjects on which he could see no
impropne'y in yielding to public opinion, if he could
be sauced tnat a modihcai on of the law was
called f r. On former occasions he gave his opi-
nion? in pocniJance with the principles which he
made his gnid-% not becaj'-e his State called for
th s act, but upon the broid principle that it was
call d for by the commercial and oiher Sta'es, and
that the Govet nmeiit only possessed the power to pass
such a !a«t He would repeat, that it he could be
satisfied, beyond all controversy, that the public
uere opposed o ihe law, or the reiention of it upon
their statut -books, he could have no objection to
su«p >nd us op ra ion or favor its repeal.
r Mi. BUCHANAN had endeavored last session
to illustrate "he ma'ter—twenty years ago hehad
investigated this subjec, and stated then, as he
did now, that such a bankrupt law must be woolly
impracticable. When five hundred thousand
btnkrup •-, or even one hundred thousand, are to
tate th- benefit of the act, and must all pass
,nio gh th  Federal courts, it mu.t necfssan'y be
an impracticable law There is no alternative but
eith r lo alucen' the Federal district courts to
rivet h'OCMson, or to su-pend tho law itselt.
Tne Cin ftution gave to Congress alone the au-
tnaniy to pass bankrupt hw?, and ihe principle
had been dec ded, over and ct «ig^n, that the
ca--s of bank'uptey an-in  und^r ifi m must be
dec ded by ihe courts of the United State*. On the
immedia'e question of reference to one committee
or another, he had nothing to say.   All he would
