As to the constitutional argument referred to by
Mr. B. Mr. R. said he had never concurred in it.
He had only contended for incidental aid to the
currency from the legitimate action of Government
under the Constitution, and this had been the doc-
trine of that gentleman's favorite P -esident. Gen.
Jackson had recommended it in all his messages.
But the gentlemen must not content themselves
with opposing every measure. If they dislike this,
let them propose a substitute. What did they go
for? Let them show their hand. While the country
was in its present awful condition, were taey con-
tent to fold their hands, do nothing, and, in
the coldness and abstracaoa of metaphysical soli-
tude, cry to the people, You expect too much from
the Government? Such language had been heard,
indeed, from a high quarter, but it had been met
by a signal rebuke not soon to be forgotten. The
gentlemen's doctrine was, stand still, do nothin?,
and all will come right. He was against this ''do-
nothing policy;" he abjured it. The true question
"was, What is to be done? It was very ea^y to see
what the gentlemen meant when they talked about
not changing their position. In plain English, this
meant that they went for the Sub Treasury, the
■whole Sub-Treasury, and nothing bat the Sub-
Treasury. He asked if the country would take it?
The answer had come back, in tones of thunder,
Wo, we will not.
Let not gentlemen be deceived by the result of a
few of the fall elections.   On that subject the peo-
ple were of one mind, and none could turn them.
Mr. R. agreed that the hope of a National Bank
was out of the   question.    An  extens.vs corre-
spondence convinced him thft the moneyed wen of
the country would not take tne s'ock.   He avowed
his lingering attachment to the State bank system,  11
bat protested warmly against the ideA of 'he Go-  J
Yernment ever   receiving   the colei o*~  non-spe-  ,1
cis paying banks,    if a general concurrence coull    ¡
be had in making one more experiment wi'h these  i
institutions, he should rejoice; but lne day was got,e il
by, and by  pfactiCil statesmen sucia tb'"g wa> I
not to be thought of.   How, then, did we s and' A   ,
National Bank was on* cf tne que*' on, tne State
banks were not to be thoug'! of, me Sub Treasury
the people never would accp';yet 'om*t .ipe; must  ¡|
be done for the coun ¡y.    If he cvu.d neget the ¡i
best measure, nor the veond bec', oe wa^ sillín:   i
to take up with any practicable exr'Aua  fjr trie  j
public relief.    As to tha presen' bill, it nius' under- I ¡
go many important eb?i,ges.    Tne propped bt ard  ',
must be stripped  of the power  oí  dea'ingntx-  ,
change,  and a'so of asng or lending 'he public  |,
inoney for private  aeconsmodatiui or mercantile    \
credit.    It mus   r'so be rendered bona fide exe>spt ¡l
from Execuu/e  oifo1, ami Con.res.  temitJy
had  tne me?r.s  of d„n;  in 3.    The creating  ¡|
pj ver migjt beeie ci pi' ov commiísi^uiiifr, as liad  i|
repea'edly cee.i dnc 11 Eiglaid.    ríe was tea ty  ¡,
to adopt  t;!E  pnne r e ihai  aü Trea*uiv ofhet s
should be  sriat'e o'ep nd'nt on Conpre«s, and r--   ,
movatii   cwy by ti e iJ)e*<dejt wiih tuecnturrerKM"
cít e¿  i     ,    /"   toan •rv'dment of the & r"=ti-
tu'ioii.  a- pr^pefcod m  1835 by the SVpMor fio a  >
Kentucky, hen ano hole ot seeing that or any
oiher amenuuiTt sHoifd.    U v.as >cfrce!y to be
expected that eigh'een distinct soveieignnes could
bo brought to concur, without which the Constitu-
tion could not be altered; but  the officers of the
Treasury might be rendered independent of the
President.
Mr. R. earnestly appealed to gentlemen not to
make up their mind? in opposition, until the bill
should have been m dified m comsaitiee He re-
joiced that the Wh'g partv m the Senate were m
favor of doing something for th- country. Wnat
a striking con'rsst was presented by gentlemen
upon thp opposite side' Their purnose was to bring
the Pres'deni's nose to the gnnds'one of the Sub-
Treasury. Their lansuige to nil) was give us
thu, and we will «-uppcrt you for lour years; be-
yond that, these dep -en'.s say not.
The President did not insist on the bill in its pre-
sent form. He was willing it should be modified.
He was desirous that the purse and the sword
should be separated. He anxiously sought to be
relieved from the control of the Treasury.   The
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Secretary spoke in the same tone: he felt that the
plan was not perfect, and that it needed revision.
Mr. R. concluded by expressing his regret that
gentlemen should have resolved upon opposition
before they knew what shape the proposed measure
would assume. They seemed to have entrenched
themselves on the Sub-Treasury, and to have re-
solved to bring the American people to that mea-
sure.   Let the people answer.
Mr. MANGUM then obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion for adjournment; whereupon,
The Senate adjourned.
HODSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 29,1841.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The new Mace, "with silver clatp'd and with
silver bound"—the sign and taken of the dignity of
the House of Representative—appeared, was qua-
lified, and took its station, (in the room of the Ser-
geant-at-Arnw) It is the work of "William
Adams, 185 Church street, New York."
Mr. CUSH1NG suggested the propriety of call-
ing the committees for reports.
Tne SPEAKER said it could only be done by
general consent.
Mr. EASTMAN, who was entitled to the floor
on the unfinished business of yesterday, said he had
no objection that the House should take any
course it might think proper. If he would not lose
his right to the floor after the committeei had been
called, but would have the privilege of finishing
his remarks, he would cheerfully yield.
The SPEAKER having given Mr. E. satisfactory
assurances on this point—
The floor was yielded, and the Speaker proceed-
ed to call for
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES
M>\ GlDuiNsiS, from the Coini'tiee o' Cbbns,
re per' d ihs ft I o vug bills, - v
Á ' ill for the reliet of L'ent, John L. One.
Ab'll for the lel-ef of Francis G. McCauly.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Wil-
kinson,
A bil' for th  relief cf die IcgDlroresm'atiiesof
Wo  D Chevcr.
A bill !nr th=re!'efof G°orge ítandíl! and others.
A bul for tlw ie-1 ef of <-e Son. gf -'i aínnufr:
Hiring Company.
A h'll 'or the relief of JetV V Campbell.
A b'U for the tehef of Cnaurcey Cathcnn.
A bill for the renef of V e representatives of
Jehu Karnes accompanied by a reo jrt ía each
cs¡5p; ~\hich Dills were sevca'Iy read the first a'-"l
second tive, an! cojamit ed to a Committee of toe
Who e House to-aiorrow.
Also, from the same comnu'tee, an unfavorable
repon on the case of Wrc. Trjoa, which repert
\ ,v ordeied lie on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee cf Claims,
íeportei the fcowna resoiaiior •
Reso\ted Th"! (he Committee of Oki'ms be author z"o! to
con tune m employment their cteiltj ¿t the compensation hem
toloiepaid h'm
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved 'o amend the rt-
solut on by ínvn.ng the wor s "during the session
of Con°,re-s."
A buef oonvei=ation followed, in which Metsis.
GIDDINGS, HOPKINS, McKEON, and CAVE
JOHNSON pan-mated;
When Mr GIDDINGS expressed bjmself wil-
ling to accept the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Cits Johnson] as a modifi-
cation of the reso'ution, aud proposed that the lat-
ter should be so modified.
Mr. HOPKINS submitted to the Speaker that
the gentler an from Ohio [Mr. Gidding ] could
not so modify the resolution, as it was the leport of
a committee.
"£c. GiDDINGS thereupon withdrew his ac-
ceptance of the amendment, and asked the 5tas
and na>s on tue amendment; which weie (subse-
quently, on the renewed request of Mr, Hopk ns)
orJered.
And the question on the amendment was then
taken, and decided in the affimitive—yeas 90,
nays 64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution as amended was adopted.
On motion oí Mr. HOUSTON, it was
n
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
John Cain, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the case of Pacifieus Ord, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which bill was
read the first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole House to morrow.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report in the case of William A.
Whitehead; which report was ordered to He upen
the table.
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports on the petitions of Harry
Richardson and William Vaughn; wh.ch reports
were ordered to he upon the table.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
made a report upon the case of Joseph Perkins,
James Perkins, and John G. Perkins, accompanied
by a bill for their relief; which bill was read tha
first and second time, and committed to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House to-morrow.
On motion cf Mr. HTJBARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be dis-
charged from the consideration of the petition of
John Woo iward, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the Committee on.
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Conrad
House; a hill for the relief of Sylvester Phelps, and
the heirs or legal representatives of Charles La&don,
deceased; accompanied by a report in each case;
which bills were read the first and second time, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House to-
moirow.
Mr. MORROW, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill further to extend the
time for issuing military land warrants to the of-
fice's ard sJdiers of the Revolutionary army;
' whrn bill wai read the first and second time, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole House
to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD,  from tve Committee on the
PebUc Lands re( oited a bill for the íelicf of Obed
P. Lacy; which bill was read the ñni and second
time, and commi'ted to a Comraittee of the Whole
[I  Hi.'i-e to-monow
U M'. GOODEff Ohio, from the Committee oa
', Revolutionary C'aia -, reported a bid directing
I \i arranis to if sue lor the bounty land due on account
I of the services of Major General Do; ortail, Bnga-
¡!  d er Gei.. Armand, and major De la Colombe, ac
I    coiap-mrd by a report; vhich bil'  as read the
1   first and secend Lme, and committed to a Commit-
1'  tee of m - Whoie House to-moirow.
¡I      Mr. GOODE of Ohio, from tne  Committee on
II   Revolutionary claims made an adverse report in
i tie case of John P.per; v. hich report vas ordered
I    to be upon 'be tabb".
Mr. GOODE of Ohio, from the Committee on
¡   Revolntiona-y Claim*, iE&de a rtport urc>ri the pe-
ti v n el th" be.tt oí Caj tpin Hawkins Boone, ac-
1    companie' bj a bill ¡or iluirrehci; wh.ch bill was
re, d me fu t and stcond time, and committed to
il  a Commit'ee of the Whole House to morrow.
|i      On motion of Mr LINN, powei was glinted to
1  the Committee on Public Expenditures to send for
I  porsens ard papers.
I        On motion of Mr. J. a. ADAMS, it was
II         Ordered, Tnat the Commi'tee on Foreign Af-
'1  fairs be discbaiged from the consideration ef the
'  petition of Ann E. Bronauga, widow of John W.
Bronangh, and that it be referred to the Committee
'  on t ie Judiciary.
On notion of Mr. J. a. ADAMS.it was
1      O'dsrcd, Thit the mess-ages of the President re-
1  fer ed at 'he last sess.on to the Committee on Fo-
1 ¡  reign Relation", and not reported on by them, be
,'  referred to the C mmittee on Foreign Affairs.
\                     FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. GUSHING, from the Committee on Po-
re gn Affairs made a report upon the petition for
indemnity ft r spoliatio. s p icr to I860, accompa-
nied by a bill to provide for the sa'isfsetion cf
e'aims due to certain American citizens ftr spolia-
tions committed on their commerce prior to the
31>t day of July, 1801, which bill was read the
first and second time, and committed to the Com-
