*0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whom no man in this country was better fitted to
judge on the closeness of any specimen of logic
submitted to him. It was very remarkable that
the report passed over, and seem'd studiously to
avoid, those points ot argument connected with
the general subject, on which the ¡>b!est minds had
for years done battle, and in the deductions which
it did make, so far from exhibiting the force and
clearness of a logical head, it presented most ob-
vious defects m logic, the conclusion? drawn from
premises laid down b°mg inconsecutive, abrupt,
and, in one instance especially, monstrous. There
was one fact, in reference to the plan suggested in
the document, which must have struck all who
witnessed the proceedings of that body. Here
was a project, the produe'ion of a m ghty mtel'ect,
one of the first minds of the age—a mind familiar
for twenty years wi'h the pubbc affans of this
country, and closely identified with a great and
glorious, and victor ous pol tical party—and yet,
wonderful to tel1, with all this acknowledged
ability, all this experience and knowledge of pub-
lic affairs, and all this careful elaboration of a
great and all-important subject, when the result of
its labors was presented to ¡he Senate, not a man
fiad been found wr o would rise in his place, and
say "I will take it " A prtj^ct wps throwi out,
backed by enough o." mteilcc.ual power to force
almost any principle upon the astent of other
minds, and yet there was not found among all the
members of that body, no, not one, so poor as to
doitreverer.ee. And whj? The case was plain.
It was an attempt to um'e thm?s e=sen'ially in-
compatible—to drink at once, and m the same
cup, from the mouth and from the sources of the
Nile. And here he must be suffered to say, that
the course of the honorable Senator, and of those
who were en this occasion a socialed Tsith turn,
babi'ually cherish nz, as they did, the most exalt-
ed respec for the source from v hence this docu-
ment came, was such as entit ed them to the respect
of every candid and upright man. They stood
manfully by their principles, be they good or bad,
and were too honest and too wary to step into the
dead-fall which had been artfully prepared to catch
them.
To the honoral'e Senator from Nt# York [Mr.
Tallmadoe] ho would say that, although he was
willing to do any thing which could consistently
be done, to relieve the distn-s^es of the country,
and WES prepared to iic.vl and cot siler w iat-
eve'r that Sena or and bis comm dee might propose
asa substitute for tius sc .cm-, jet he gKdtly
feared that tl eir efforts to prepare «uch a mtasure
would be wholly unavailing, he feared so. How
did it happen lha nobody could be found tocóme
into this new proj^c^ Was it not obviouslv, be-
cause old principles had been abandoned' Wnat
ever mouses m pht have led to the pierna ion of
such a écheme, wnelher it hod been conceived
with a view 'o secure, or to hold po^er, it was -il
together a new conception, and one tnit <etned
artfully suited to the feelings of the time. Such,
at least, would be the opinion of it emertamed in
one part of the Union If Mr M were to t> t
about a dissection ot this remarkaole production,
hedil not know that it would be worth the meUl
which might be worn a*ay in the operation No-
body put the measute forth asa th as, iO be adopt '!,
that seemed not even to be tlnughtof as i> stood,
it was repudiated on ail hard* In en 'eavormg
to spi.ak favorably of it, gen lemen d i not sp ak
of it, bat oí someuiüg e'se—stmething as yet t 
nubibus—some uioefinad creation, wh"S' iot-m
was  as yei a my tery Alter a'l ihe kng conside-
ration whici hid be a given to tne general sul-
jec', an! their lamiharity with all the leading
points involved, here, at this ¡ate hour, a project
was presantej a occup.mg an intermedíate
ground, andall rea of si1 partieswere called upon
to come togelnrr aou unu  in support-ng it
For a long v t k Mr M. ha ' ponde-ed ihe p'o-
jeci, and had endcavorei to divest ms mind oi
every feeling but a t'e i e to iza' the tru'h He
had viewed the propo ¿i, not Ike ihe ad/oea'e
who bad written this report, but like an honesi
man, determined to do bos duty. And he was
compelled to cjme to ih  concUsim tfia  even m
the wozst of times this Governm"!,'  had ever yet
seen, never had there been so bold, so reckless a
push for absolute power, as was now unblushwgly
made in the paper before the Senate. He repeat-
ed the assertion. Never, never, in the wh->!e his-
tory of this Government, had there been witnessed
a push so bold; or one which, if successful, must
be attended with consequences so vast, and so dis-
a >trous to the liberties of this land. With a Go-
vernment possessing a power of patronage which,
eves xn the feeblest hands, was of threaiemrg as-
pect to liberty—a patronage which, spreading it-
self like a polypus, insinuated its attenuated fibres
through all the interstices of society, and, by its
temp mg po ater, operating to subdue all that man-
liness of principle, that hardy virtue, which cha-
racterized our fathers—to propose to superadd to
this threatenmg, this portentous amount of patron-
age, the entire money power, and this to be ma-
naged and controlled at «ill by those hands which
pull the wires and move the puppets of party—if
he believed the country was prepared for such a
measure as this, he should feel a depression of
mind which nothing could cheer; bs should look
upon his children wiih tears, and must despair of
the welfare of his country for centuries to come.
What a concentration of power did it not a'tempt
to achieve '    In the present prostrate  and down-
trodden condition of our S'ate banks—he spoke of
that spurious and multitudinous herd  which had
sprung up under the misrule of a late Administra-
tion—institutions rotten throughout and  tottering
to their fall—if the Government «hould at once
furnish to 'he people a   paper   currency   which
should be in   sound   and   gen-ral   cred't,   those
banks would pop, one after another,   like   guns-,
discharging in a burning ship, from one end of
the Union to the other.     This Government ma-
chine,   fabricating   a   paper   like   this,   was   to
spring up amid the genera! blight and barrenness
as !'a Vivifying and fructifying germ" of public
prosperity, (be used the language of the eh qu nit
author of ihe report.)   Yes—no doubt; and when
it should have germinated and sprouted; when it
shcnld have "put forth its root downward, and
borne fruit upward," while the whole land round
about was a barren desert; when it should have
spread i s branches far and wi-le, and covered ihe
whole land with its shade—then—oh, yes— then we
were to  lie down jn that "'íanquilli'y and repose "
v h ch the writer of this report thought so den ab'e
—fere ose, the stillness of an inexorable, irean,
trerctnary despo'ism.   To sum a measure Mr M|
never cou'd consent, he would no', should not!
Could any  msn trace the consequences?   What
was- th'- amount <.f money to be placed under the
control cf ihis new institution?   It was to issue a
poper circulation to the amount of fifteen milhons.
Th-n  t was to receive fifteen millions more upon
deposite.    Hvre n a.s, at once, an atnou"t of thirty
millions of dollars, enough, of itself, to overflow
the whole country, and he saw no guaids in this
bill to prevent the amount bem? extended iO a hun-
dred millions annually by its dealings in exchange
Should Congress establish  a  high tariff, or even
but a 1 beral tariff, who«e annual mpounngi should
replenish the now empty Treasjry with an meóme
of twenty five million dollar, that alone might en-
able the  Government to  raise its head over the
dead s^a ot our prostrate national credit, and wave
tne wane of its po ver to ihe destruction oí he pub-
he pr s| eniy     But should th<>re be superadded to
this a new capital of thirty million^, and the pow<_r
to tra'V upon this  to  the amount of fwo hundred
mtlhnns more, subsidizms  every thing to its own
support,  wherpver the wide-spread machinery of
this Exchequer should have been extended over the
'and,   what chance could possibly remain for the
existence of pubhc liberty'    Place a man of even
moderate ability, and of thirty-five yea-s of age, in
the Pre i 'en'ial chair, put nibs hands this m>ghty
concentrs'ioi of oower, p di'ical an-i  fi-eil, and
if he da  not ride roughshod o/er this peop'e for
t1 e rest o* his I fe, it must be owing to tvs oivn vir-
tue, and not theirs who armed h,m with ouch an
engine of op ression.
Th o capiul was in a strange condi'ion Not a
nuil rea&T d it from any quarter of the country
which did not bring the evidence of real distress,
of the most appalling suffering.   Our proudest ci-
ties, so far from being exempt from the general
lot, were the very theatres where calami y was
most severely felt. It would be an interesting in-
quiry to ask how all this was brought about. Mr.
M. would not detain the Senate, or weary those
who understood Ihe entire case as well and better
than he did, by retracing the course of events
which had induced a slate of things so deplorable.
Congress had stricken down (hat institution which,
until 1836, had exerted so efficient a power in re-
gulating the currency: when, at once, the bank
mania had swept over the land, and they came up,
from the destruction of the old institution, like frogs
from the waters of the Ni'e, until the country was
covered with them The policy of the State Go-
vernments, meanwhile, had created an immense
debt, and the means of payment did not exist, and
thus the people were reduced from ihe condition of
the brightest and palmiest prosperity to the deep-
est distress and despondence The expedient which
had been resorted to of borrowing foreign capital,
had produced for a time a factitious prosperity.
But while the nation was revelling in all that abun-
dance produced by the influx ot borrowed wealth—
while all was going on gloriously, and a stranger
would have supposed that the country had attained
to the highest pitch of national strength and public
prospen y, a sudden reverse was experienced.
The foreign debt was demanded—the means of
meeting the demand were not to be found. Indi-
vidual and public distress soon spread m every di-
rection. The extremity of the pressure gave birth
to the revolting idea of r°pudiation If, then, to
the refluent current, which was fast sweeping away
the mean  of wealth, we added this hateful doctrine
of repudiation, and the still more anti-American
doctrine—and, I may add, in myjudgment the atro-
cious doctrme—of the repeal of charters, and the
destruction of vested rights, and add yet to these
the tergiversations and treachery, m public, and
the falsenoods, forgeries, frauds, and all the other
fo'ms of dishonesty in the walks of private life,
was it any wonder that men who possessed capital
should lock up and hoard their resources, and not
expose f-em to amass of population already deeply
tainted, and more and more imbibing the po.son of
agrarian principles?
In a state of things like this, or rather upon the
approximator of this state of things, the American
people had risen as one man, and thrown off, by a
burst o mdigna'ion, the individual whose mal ad-
ministration had, as they beaeved, brought about
this unparalleled s'ate of corrupta and distress.
They thougnt they were about to suh.titute ( r his
reckless misrule the r<>wn sys'em of xexaei. "1 mea-
sures Every one kn^w how taey _ ,d been
balked m that exoectatton Tü3 his iry of this
national crisis wou'd be read by oir pa not c chil-
dren with wonder, ss a page exhibiting the
stiangest, most unaccouniab e, and most useless
tergiversation which the whole volume recorded, or
it would be closed and passed wuh loathing and re-
pugnance. Tae people had been utterly disap-
pointed Tne mea ure proposed by their friends
in Congress as the only iianacea for the public ill 
had been offered, adou'ed, anl ve'oed at the extra
session. And here Mr M mus' be utfered to say,
that, alihough voting for taat measure, he had al-
wqys felt gre-U debt in rejan! 'o its immediate
efficiency. He nad had his own ni«gi/inss as to
its effecting ¡>t once a'l that good wh ch its f ¡ends
in their «angume m men t, promised ihenvelves,
and, pernaps thoughiles'.'yj prom sed to other?.
He had never been a fr end to banks, he had
never touched a han < by any vot" oí his until last
summer The enure svst ni was bo' omed on such
principles thai it a"ieare! to him to carry its own
dea h wi'hm itself The measure which ihe Whigs
had proposed, he IHieved, might indeed mitigate,
and for a time repress, the evils connectsd with it.
It might withstand something of that surge-like
force with wbish the mad excesses of the system
were sweeping over the country
But iheie still appeared to him to remain one
great desideratum, vhich nothing had as yet been
able to supply, and that was, a principle within the
system itself which should operate to check exces
sive issues, and to prevent those fearful alterna-
tions of expansion and contraction which so khook
