the system of public credit, and spread such fre-
quent ruin throughout the mercantile community.
If any such remedy had been discovered, Mr. M
■was acquainted with it, and it certainly had never
been applied.     Whatever might be said of the
regulating power exeried over the S.at  institutions
by a Bank of the United States—and such an in-
stitution did exert that power to a certain extent—
yet still,  in proportion to the degree of confidence
which the public might repose m any of those State
banks, they were mira íable disposed to push their
issues to extremes   Mr M. was no bank agent nor
bank machinist, and he admitted that the tendency
of a United States Bank, in exerting a regulating
power, would be to break such of the S ate banks
as were essentially unsound—an operation which,
however salutaty in theend,could uotbut be attend,
ed with a   vast amount of private distress in their
respective   vtcm ties     The mere displacement of
capital  which   wa¿ necessarily involved m sub-
scribing  to so great a number of banks was in it
salf a  gieat   evil, and must necessarily produce
great stricture  in the money market.   Then the
explosion cf rotten banks which must necessarily
accompany a reform in the currency, would be pro-
ductive  of great ca'amity.    On the whole, he be-
lieved that  the community had gone so far in the
multiplication of banks, and in ad those habits to
which this gave rise, that it would require a long
course of years  to bring the  country back to a
sound monetary condition. For these extended and
inveterate evils Government possessed no panacea.
It might do some hmg by the establishment of a
well regulated National Bank, but even under the
effect of "icha measure many evils must still con-
tinue to exist    Nothing could effectually redeem
the n"> or, nothing could ever res'ore the palmy
days of h"r past prosperity, but patient labor, ge
neral habits i f ecoromy, and the retrenchment of
individual etpead tare?.
But now what did we beho'd? In the digressed
and prostrate condition of the tth le business of
the country—a condition rendce 1 still more dis-
tressing from the de eat of every pran of relief—
we had now a project started, of which he would
again say that it was the boldest push for abso-
lute power which the people of this, country had
yet witnessed, and, further, which was the most
portentous bribe to be found in the history of rcrdern
times. .Yes, a bribe, the most open and barefaced
that ever was offered. In many parts of the conn-
try the people were sleeping on a volcano; their
condition was in tha last degree distressing and
da'gerou ; th^y were, in fact, .almost begsared, and
when ence a man «as made a besgar, a very
slight effort was sufficient to render him a slave.
In their neceiSity they lifted up their eyes to the
Government for aid. And what was it now pro-
posed that the Government should do' Step for-
ward and offer them a bank, with money facilities
far greater and far better calculated for the ease-
ment of their distress- anl the reli-f of their imme-
diate wants, than any National Bank which their
best friends had tver devised.
Mr. M. said that it might be worth «hile to go
into a brief comparison between a Baal: of the
United States and the project proposed m the re-
port before the Sena'e A Bank cf the United
States, when first started, naturally displaced a
latge amount of cap tal, it produced a gieat mo-
ney stricture, and then it went on to bank on the
existing capital is in ihe hands oc the countr,
But this Excheqair Board added by a strode of tne
p°n thirty miU.ons to its capit?', and br dealing in
etccVa pe was enable 1 to extend it to ahund ed r
a hundred and fifty millions more, for socl weie
the wants of the c un'ry, and so Ion  had they
continued and accumulated, aiat its business would
absub the whole ot that amount. Let the demon
of speculation once h* co jared up and turned
loose upon its wild schemes of alventure, End r,o
man could tet li taU 10 its demand. To offer to a
famishing people a supply like this was, he repeat-
ed it, the greatest bribe wh ch the hislo'V of mo-
dern times could show. An ambitious President,
with a term of th e > short years yet to run, huías
at his dispo-al a dulled corps of office holders, and
holding under h s control a subsidiz-d press, ruling
over a whole people «hose spirit was broken by a
CONGRESSIONAL GLO&É.
long pressure of want and calamity, and with the
means of presenting them with an immediate relief
in their distress, migot perpetuate his power in
spite < f all efforts to resist him
Toe plan proposed 'o add so the business capi-
tal of the country a sadden and vast increase, to
be effected by a mere stroke of the pen The im-
mediate effect would be sudden and universal re-
lief, comparative ease, and apparent affluence;
but, as had been ab'y shown by the Sena'or from
Pennsylvania, «he en ire history of the world Rent
to show that while thi^ was always the first effect,
ihe certain tendency was to depreciation, and the
final usue in every case had been a general explo-
sion.
What a «pectacle did the Senate exhibí t When
the parties it contained were just upon the eve of a
great contest, while the Whigs were in a position
in «hich it was supposed they might dictate terras
to the President, and while gentlemen on the other
side seemed to exhibit a disposition more \ íeldmg
to the powers that be, and when many held an ad
verse attitude towards each other, who ought to be
fast friends, there came in this project. It was pre-
sented, amoDg others, to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] and what was his
course? 1 hough strongly disposed to regard any
thing from the President with a favorable eye, and
though speaking of him personally m the kinde t
language, ho still expressed the most decided oppo-
i sition to the measure. He could not go for it; and
wh>? Because he held the project dangerous to the
_ public liberty. And the honor&b'e Senator appre-
" hended that, shou'd a second Aaron Burr mount
tne Presideatial chair, an engine like this might
tempt him to perpetuad power ¡n his own band,
and might render him the most absolute of rulers
Gertaiily the femptation would be great—the bribe
was enormous. Thirty mi lions of capita sprin -
inc up as an exhalaton, as sudden and jet ai un-
suostantid,'branches spread all over the Union, a
productive tariff, ihe Bnarean power of the Post
Office Department, w.th its eight millions of drafts
a universal system of railroads and cana's, and all
th,s m an agrarian and mercenary age, it did cer-
tainly present a mass of power difficult to resi't,
and appalling to contemplate. Then, to all this
must be added the entire power of patronage, the
abil.ty to confer the distinctions of p'ace, the more
substantial profits of office, and all ihe weight ef
political honors and confidence Put it all toge-
ther, and Mr. M. would not trust any mortal man
with its possession If even the Father of his Coun-
try could return from the grave, and would ask for
íucb a trust, Mr. M would not pat it into ha
hands, unless he bad first received a revelation
from Heaven that he would live for ever.
He considered it as among the worst signs of
the times, and a fact well calculated to fill the bo-
som of the pa'not wuh despondency, and to turn
his eye with doubt upon the future, that this- pro-
ject was looked at m the country simply m its
money aspect It wqs examined and discussed
solely as a measure calcu'a'ed to give efficient re-
lief and o remore men from that gridiron cf suf-
fering un wnici they were now bound Certainly
it was a scheme a ell pitched to suit the rrcsent
tone of the public mmd It exhibited a shrewd
acquaintance with the character and present con-
dition of the Ame'ican people The marner m
which ine projec' was in som  places received, and
that '->o where there was an accumulation both of
kn^joledge and of in^llec'ual strength, seemed, n
tms rehire', to jundy ihe antinpaiicns of it-, a",
mor Even minds 1 ke Ihese couM look at it ?s a
morey rrasure ah ne, and cerned entirelv to d s-
regard thede^p and dangerous tendency which lay
ctoceaed beneath the surf c 
But it ** i caid that the project was to be modi-
fied It w?^ to return from the comm.ttre i'i quite
a iiff rent --hape.     Now, if his honorabl  friend
rom N«w Yoi If [Mr Talmudgs-] who v as at the
head o' that c >m mttee, and for w horn no man en-
tertpwei1 a m^re sincere íesp^ct, ?nd ou \Ui se
pur ty and patriotism, moleration ?nl sagacity, no
man cn¡ild nioie implicitiv rely, shou'd he be able to
aceomp'>sh such a modification of the scheme as
should strip it of its more dangerous and alarming
features, Mr. M. wottld not merely receive the pro-
*7
posal with candor, but would leap to its adoption.
His heart would rejoice within him at the thought
that such a thmg were possible, but he greatly
feared that it never could be accomplished. That
master-mind which was supposed to have conceived
and elaborated this production, seemed to him, by
expression? scattered m vatious parts of if, to pre-
sent to the Senate this alternative, "either take
this or submit to the Sub-Treasury." If that were
the alternative, Mr M would not hesitate for a
moment. H1 would incomparably rather adopt
the Sub-Treasury than this monstrous Juggernaut,
whose murderous car would make ¡is way over the
necks of a prostra e people.
In regard to the Sub-Treasury, Mr. M. observed
that he had first formed his opinion of it while in
private life, and he confessed that it then struck
him tha*, considered per se, in the language of the
Cour', it was a measure whose b*nefils were more
enhanced by its friends, and whose evils were
more exaggerated by us enemies, than truth would
justify. As a measure for the restoration of the
currency, he considered it wholly inefficient; but
his chief objection to it had been on account of
that spirit of solitude and isolation which so
strongly pervaded it, and which he did not deem
respeciable, and wh ch went to divorce the Govern-
ment from the community. As held up in that
scheme, the Government resembled the captain of
some ship which was overtaken in a storm, who,
instead of s ícking to his ship and bis passengers,
took to the life-boat, succeeded in secarmg himself
on some rock, unsubmerged m the sea, and left bis
vessel to her fa e, to be sbat ered on the reefs or
to founder m the waves To this feature of the
scheme, Mr M. had felt the utmost aversion. The
strenuous opposition which that pian received from
the Wmgs was directed not so mnch against the
plan itself, ai it then stood, as against what they
apprehended it would grow to be; but even their
u'most fe^ra never magnified it into such an over-
I shadowing and all-grasping institution as was pre-
sented in tms bill True, írdeed, it was of the same
species, but it had not attained any thing like the
■same size or strength. It hid it  face modestly be-
hind a ved, so that its features were bat dimly seen;
but this looked out impudently with the counte-
nance of a har'ot—it stared the public in the face
withrut a blush
Th« certain effect of the adopaon of this scheme
must be to destroy the !oc<J barks throughout the
United States, wi h the exception of those in the
l g-eat commercial centre , a-d there its effect
would be so pnaerful and so concentrated, that
local banks v ould become extinct, for the plain
reason that they would be profitless. Mr. M. did
not knootf that he would weep many tears over
them. Sach would be its effect m the great com-
mercial emporium of New York, and such it
might have b en m Char'eston—a c iy which
m ght haveenjo>ed a 'ími'ar d stmc ion, had it
rot been fo the £a al mala.ia and the yellow fever.
He feared, however, that the cnm"e and the God
¡ of Heaven h*d put mat fin, ver out cf the ques-
I   tion.
1       One of the mo<t striking th.rgs a'tendiag this
|l project was, th it it should have originated in the
I Virginia school of pol'tps, a"d mat its supporters,
ltitladany, shou'd  be found   in thst quarter.
i.  Mr. M. felt a deep  vene ation for Lie ancient do-
minion.    No man ¡fiiertai ted a h gher respect for
<h° prncit'«s sbe i5 cubed upon  her  banner in
'?8 ard '09—i period  in which she bad resisted
' th" vices oi the ?g^     Her politicians opposed a
1 U •  1 Stales B >ik, beeau e there was no warrant
for it it. the Coisu unoa     Her patriots had ever
beea foremost in contending not only for public
libe. >,bu  pnvs'c ngh\    Aid although,  in the
c-ea'one sac ac^rpo-ation, they might restrain
I  it   f iter i',  m iracle it,   in  any manner   they
tl-"C<', jet bul  is inherent power appeared m
their eyes so formidable and tremendous that pub-
1 c uber-j co   d not live  by its  side.   But here
th-re "emana'ed from that pncient dominion a sys-
tem m wl ¡ch ail ihe banking facu'ties were fully
developed, a monster, which might not merely act
i   upon and influence the Government, but was fixed
up-m i' as a part and parcel of the Government it-
self.   Yes, it was a Virginian who could advocate,
