is
a scheme like this! How Virginia, which had fell
such dread of a corporation, whose charter it
could modify as it pleased, could ever go for a pro-
ject like this, was a thing he could not understand.
But if he witnessed a course like this, he certainly
should cease to lake lessons in political integrity
from the ancknt dominion. Not a single bankipg
power could be mentioned that was not fully de-
veloped in (his scheme. Here '«'as the power of
issue, the po&er of deposite, and the power of lend-
ing the public m^ney, the power of discount, ef-
fected by an evasion. It was true that the kites
raised une'cr this system would remain less time
upon the wing, but tbeir flight would be exU nded
over a wiáer circuit.
The whol«t plan was, in fac¡, nothing else but
the Fiscal Corporation of his friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Bebmeit,] which was last summer Uit ex-
posed to the open aif, with all the winds and
storms of Heaven be*'ing upon it, till at last there
came a thunderclap which prostra'edit in utter in-
sensibility. But now behold it picked up, recusei-
tated, set upon its feet, and removed benea-'h the
friendly shelter of the Treasury building:. Mr. tVl.
could perceive no points of dire/say between the
two. The F;scal Corporation bill, though it had
been approved a! headejuarers, and drawn almost
by Executive dictation, nevertheless eacoun'ereü
the Presidential veto: and, should ihe present bill
pass both Houses, he would not risk his life cpon
it, bat he would not mind risking a few yellow
boys, that this bill also would share the s.ame fate.
If Congress could not get what the President had
expressly promised ¡hem, what ground had they
to expect that of which they haa received no pro-
mise?
The courts-; of gent'emen on the oth^r sid2 Mr.
M. regarded as most unkind; in determin ng to
stand slill where they \vere, and corap l the friends
of this measure to come to them. Would it not
have been more becoming, if a compromise must
be effected, tb.it each vf ¡he parties shou'd yield a
little ground, it seemed very mani.est thitiliis
measure had been tramed with Ihe deigned objtC
of securing the support of the fec-nor.-'.b'e Senator
from Pennsylvania, and of the gentleman from
South Carolina, since it was an amalgamation of
ths original conception of President Jackson, once
and still so great a favor-ie with ¡he firs' gentleman,
and a scheme of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina himself. The tío seemed to have been
nicely dovetailed inio each other. It wa<s voiy
true that when Jackson threw out the intimation of
such a project the United S'otes Bank wps in ihe
height of its power. But aldi rjgh t;:e pc- ■ret of
General Jack-on was irresi-.nb'e, m t only by the
general multitude, but by those who s cod at the
hsad of society, the project met m fjvor. It ras
repudiated on all bands, and m all quarters; yet
that very plan was the bas's of the present measure.
To this had been superadded ihe scheme of the Se-
nator from Sjuih Carolina. This latter plan Mr.
M. had never paniculaily examined. As might
be expected, it -¡ras bold and on'gmsl in its charac-
ter, and might be iea-thle. This was subsianlhlly
the same ícbem*; f.>r, whatever gentlemni might
say about the difference between ihe proposed pa-
per issue of this Exchequer Bank and a Govern-
ment paper money, to all practical effect there was
no difference; for this nev money would de fac'.o
rest on the faith of Goven.rnent alone, and would
be as completely irie'e^nablj a- if it were de-
clared so on i*s f-.ce. When it was rsued ta the
proportion of thKe to oír..—when it grasped ever !
even the minutest concerti of priva's Lie—wheo. i,
insinuated ¡.self ev;ry where, aid ie.teitnuigled ¡;-
self with f,li the r.ietlrns of society, ho.v cruld
it be expected t'-.-it the G-i'/einm-nt should re'ieen
it? Was it ever d^M^uod or erpecied that ¡t
should 1
Mr. M. said that here ¡here w an Admitiis'rr-
tion professedly Whir, which came 'brwa'd and
planted itself upon a measure wh-ch r'crr.cd its
origin in part fiom the very highest t..uihoti,y ever
claimed by General Jackson, and in putt hv/a the
intellectual ingenuity of another scarcely lees dis-
guished. Thus it stood, with one foot on the en;
side and the other on the other. Under such oir-
pumstances, he confessed that he had no hope of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seeing any thing done for the currency. There re-
mained a barrier yet in the way. When the ven-
geance of Heaven de-cended on the man of their
choice, all ¡heir expectations as a party were at
once defeated, and thev found in the chief seat of
power a man who had with them no sympathy.
Under circumstances like these, what hops could
be cherished? If, indeed, ¡he fame vengeful stroke
had descended on another bead, and by one blow
the first and the second choice of the people h,-.d
both fallen, it was possible that some of our Lilli-
putian politicians, fellows of two and a half inches
high, who v.-ere now endeavoring to throw their
feeble, attenuated, gossamer threads round about
the manly limbs and muscles of or-.e who was to
them as an intellectual giant, irr'ght have been
marching along with hieh a¡rs of prif'e and tri-
umph in the Whig track and under the Whig ban-
ner. But, alas ! he lured—Richard Cceur do Lion
yet lived, and the Devil was unchained; artd K>ng
John, instead of looking to the welfare of ih.3
State, was busy only in ihe effort to surround the
common enemy with barriers and pal sado.-s- Yes,
he lived, and his cold shadow was thrown across
these Lilliputian heroes, and ¡ley shrunk and
shivered in the chining shade. Though we had a
Tiber and a Goose creek, we had no Tarpei?n
rock; hut had hs thrown himself, Curtías like, into
the galf, and nobly perished for the solvation of
his country, there; might have been some hope that
these gen i ry would have conducted ths Gurern-
ment on the principles which the people had sanc-
tioned. And who could tell?—perhaps there might
be a hope yet.   [A laugh.]
When ¡he Government treasure was entrD£,.ed to
existing corporations, there was something of a mu •
j tual liability between them; but here, ia this bill,
we found an immense machinery, flooding the
country with million upon ¡odlto?, a'dno power
anywhere but in the will of the sovereign toe;entrol
i!. In a free Government, ".i.-. M. would never
consent to trust s-rcb. a po-s er rr.ywhere. While
private claims of the- clearest aod most, indubitable
justice wee constantly rejeete'- from year to tear,
because the Government ccu'd not be sued, would
they invest with the hko preri ge.iveof u"suahildy
an institution wih all the powers to be enjoyed by
this Exchequer? For one, he never would cuüsent
So it.
He hid said that it was not his intention to co
into an anal-sis of the bill, yet there  were really
one or two th ng; in it which hr.d so forcibly struck
his mind, and which so palpably demonstrated ihe
illogical cha'scter cf  the touch vaunted argument
in the report, that he could an' bat r fjrto them.
i        The: first occurred id psgp 3 of the printed report,
;    where it was asserted that  this Exchequer Board
¡    was no bank, becwst it did no1 collect its capita! by
subscription—-ju-t as if that fiatc-ie wt-ro este.i'isd
to the exigence of a birle.    ÍMdght not a bank be
incorporated, and endowed with  all banking faci-
lities  wheie  this requisite wat wholly wanthis,?
What were the bar¡k.¡ of Alahsnv 1   If this rras-m
was a soun1 one, they wet e no hanks ata'.], (a state
of things wbdeh lb? people of that S>ote might well
ebsire to b? the ease) [A laugh.]   This was a spe-
cimen of the incontnvertibli logic for which ¡his
pap -r ha Í been so high!" plaited, and ptrjed, too,
by ¡he Senptor from "Jottth Carolina, wé ose search-
ing eye, arty cae would have supposed, no irtsecc-
ttve cone'o-ion could have escsptd.   Bat be sup.
py-cd that lh? Sena!": bad been :.-o much grttt.fied,
and so e.i'if^y engro'-.o-t by the co.o-essions in ihe
report, that he was n "t d.-po^ed to look with a very
nrcroseopt'- go;;? u"jn hs ctcxr features,
J       A?ain, tnp-rre 8 i: ••■&  co>i!.-r.dc-4 ¡hat this was
| j  r.a Gfover nmer:' Ear';,  I- -saose it ó A not di-count.
¡I Kow, her.j wjs a doubled a-.-d twisted fai'sci: ths
|| reason giren  wr,s untrtte in prirciple and untrue
¡|  in f-sc*.    Ua'rua in tact, frr cnfss-edly the Board
¡  woald  doiooun'  bills of Exchan;-.«; and uairue in
| principle heeau-."> a bank raiy ctiit vt'hoat this
I  power.    Ho, e was anoU'-C-r instance of the- imoreg-
|  r.able  ¡o?ic of ¡he re-port, another evidence oí Sh=t
I ¡Mgintic iu'eilect  who=e impress was said to di..-
I  tin;uUh every word and line.
J      Tne third fallacy night be found en pages 5
|  and   6,  where the Secretary insisted that the bill
j proposed no union of the purse and the sword, be-
cause neither the President nor his Secretary could
touch a dollar in the Treasury without an appro,
priation. Why, had not this always been the case?
Yet what bad been the ground taken by the Whig
party at the time of the removal of the deposites?
What had been the outcry on that occasion of this
Secrelary himself—bothmasterand tattíi Although
every petty Loco Foco paper in the country had
defended ths act on this very ground, that General
Jackson could rot himself touch a dolif.r cf the
public money unless by the appropriation of Con-
gress, did the Whigs admit that reasoning as valid?
Did ¡hey not still co;.t< rid that that act effected a
union of the purse End the swoid? And was not
the case the same now? In th;s fallacy there were
two untruths involved; tiny, three. In the first
place, the principle was uncons'itulior.ah It was
said that neither the President nor the Secretary
could ¡ouch a dollar of the; pub'ic money. But
this Government had fallen into decay, and though
commerce had become qui'e too merceiitry a con-
cern, from the aris'ocracy of the preeent day, asa
substitute ¡hey ¡nrnrd their ait ntion to b tilling,
and as the revenue was collected at different point-3
and had to pass ihroi'srh the hs>: s of subordinate
functionaries, evory wh-pper-in cf a custom house
night appropriate ihe v hole a-rsour.t to the pur-
chiie of exchange. The argument entirely over-
lot ked the fact that th" entire revenue ¡night be
seized upon without a dollar being appropnated.
Ii this was an example of the severe, consecutive,
impregnable logic of the report, he, ier or.e, must
have more capacity befoie be could be able to ap-
preciate it.
Mr. M. said, in conclusion, that the Bank in (his
bill was ultra, beyond any United Sta'es Bank that
hid ever been ¡hcuetht of. When Cccsar, at the
held of iiis victorious legions, broke into the Tem-
ple of Vesta, er.d seiz -.! ¡he public treasure, he bad
not in his hands n poirer so f i s: tic as that which
was conferred by ¡his bill It -/.'as ;ho !o:i£-fout>ht
phtlosonhn's stone; ¡f.e lamp of Aladdin was no
touch to it. It converted reams of paper into gold,
rterely by putting it under the press of the Govern-
ment,
With s-li this gigantic rchone, concocted and ela-
borated by the mas,er-rri¡t.d cf the sgs, backed by
all ¡his force .of atjurnent, aed de ended by all
'Hese illogical cenel'-sionc, lie would not sny that
there was a man 'v, th-, Sctio'e who would not
tike it; but this ! c v.-uu'd s?y, there was none here
who had nerve rnooab. to s,-.y '-I will take it:"
' Expede HsrciJun." Here might be seen, on a
narrow strip of Isn 1, w'_ ioh s -pirated on ot.e side
the calm, deep blue S'-a cf Wtpg principles and
doctrines, on «hose bocera were upborne the des-
tinies of freedom ono the-h'-p s of a gazin? and ex-
pectant world, from ihe rowing sea of Democracy,
whose wild surges -.---re r. ?.r ng and dashing on
¡'ie other, the foo'-print of H- iculer.—but not ¡he
whole impress cf 'he feo'; tor so narrow was t*te
: frail and sar.dy verse, and so nearly d.d ¡be v.a-
¡ess en Ihe one sidj encroach upon it-hmiti a--d
threaten to minrde nth :ho--e uoon iheo'hrr, ¡l.at
theie was r.ot room for ,he e:a;,t to tread without
having a portion of bio foot print obliteiatcd by
the waves.
And, finally, '-oet -o :'-o .-'nri;- and presumptu-
on? attempt at th? subj -;-;:>i. n Cl t'-c people by lbs
sedus!Pffirfiae"c-j or't>e ;;;o<i'-v rower, ihoi which
most cffer.ded Mr. M >i :h;. "di.-cur.isnt wss t!:o
spirit of ba'e. ar «1 vile srbierv't.-ncy aul flattery to-
wards the President vvl-i-i every ''-.-hor- morind its
p-.ges. end -„i, c¡-- nteie o ,1 ihr rev,inro? fpectocle
ofa£to--sar.d merciopty rduie.t-.-n, in the face
asid at tl e s.-.cr'!i-c e-' prto -iple, nobly avowed and
(icíended i; e twee'v y ars !
But, fp.id -Mr, "-• 1'r.avp fo 'one rcciriied (hs
attention of ¡1 e 8 natc wim ih's t'fi'ltcrv ami dis-
integrated and 'Ji-cpnr.ected ¡¡erTaro'e. f )-aj ¡n.
tended to sr.y-.¡¡uro, huta--i • is slwoys my eiesiro
t" speck wjih gicat !er.t!eer,o.-s pr.,1 rts^eet of the
fttiictiooa.-ies of Goee;rim"nf, [lo,jd lanRh'er,] I
shall feib^or, .ond will no-.v ie tttoe in y . eat.
Mr. BEN fON 1-cre rrtov-'l to 1-y ¡he subject
upon the ti-ble for a mo-i?..t, ¡n M,\er ,0 move
th&t when the ScsEteadj-urn, it adjourn to meet
aga-n on Monday next.
The resolution was informally passed over, and.
