CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
the motion put upon the question of adjournment
to Monday, which was carried in the affirmative.
Mr. KING moved an Executive session; which
was ordered.
Mr. HUNTINGTON then gave notice of his
intention to speak upon the question of reference
before the vote was taken.
The Senate then wsnt into Executive session,
and soon after adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, December 13, 1841.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. J. T   MASON presented the petition of
Mrs.------Heileman, widow of the late Colonel
Julius C. Heileman, of the United States ar*i,y,
praying an extension of the act passed in her favor:
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
Several other members rising to present peti-
tions—
Mr. W. BUTLER of South Carolina, objected
to the further reception of petitions unless all
could have an opportunity to present them.
The SPEAKER ¡aid before the House a com-
munication from Wii.it and Rives, hi'e Printers to
Congress, representing that uijdcr the act of March
3, 1839, to prov.de tor ¡a!>ing the ¡sivh census,
the act of J-ni.ii.ry 14, 1841, and under orders
from the Depaitiueut of S aie, given m pursuance
ot said acts, they commenced to print, and are
now pimtmg, 10,010 cpies of the Compendium
or Abridgment o; ice sa d s.xth ceasus, with the
Statistics ot the United States refer/ed to in spid
acts; that under the act of September 1, 1841,
which direct? the Secretary of Sta'e to cause 10 be
pria'el 20,000 copies.of the Compendium or
Abridgment of the sixth cen-us, with the tables of
spp"riioim"' i, tie Dep?rtroent of State has d reet-
ed the said 20,000 copies to be pr.uted by Tnomas
Allen, at the prmfrg ofhee known as O'e '\¡V{adi-
sonian office," so that 30,000 cop,es of the said
Compendium are now in progress in printing; a
number greater than is directed by la-v. Which
communication, on motion of Mr. WELLER, was
referred to the Committee on the Apportionment of
Representatives.
Mr. EVERETT was understood to move that
document No. 23 be referred to tue Select Com-
mittee on the Apportionment of Representatives;
which was carried.
On leave given, pe fions were presentid by tie
following members, an 1 were appropriately re-
ferred:
Mr. ATHERTON, by leave, introduced the pe-
11 on of foar hundrsd and twelve citizens of Cios
county, New Hampshire, praying for a repeal of
the Bankrupt law—becauve it will be unequal in
its opera ion, and have a tendency to encourage
wild and miacl.ievous speculation, and because it
assumes to violate solemn contracts, and deprive
tne industrious and prudent portion of our citizens
of a legal right to Ue earnings of their industry to
bei efit a cla«s of p opV composed, to a great ex-
tent, of the idle and extravagant.
Mr. ATHERTON said the county of Coos was
mainly an agricultural community, and this peti-
tion commg trom th<?nce, was most respectably as
well' as numerously signed, and b, members of
both the great political paitie-. 1 .venty four of
the signers have iitl 1 eais in the Legislature, and
one oi them «a , at piesent, Speaker of the Hi use
Ot llapte t nta'ivis ut t'ie S a e—two of them had
held seats on ilu- fl o-, and It irty-eight ot the num-
ber were rciiug r; s rate'- nitrrtd to the Com-
ttiiuee on ihe- Judi; ary.
Mr. YOUNG ot New York.
Mr. HARRIS of Virg'ma.
Mr. T J CAMPBELL of Tennessee.
¡Mr. GOGG1N of Vugmia, [who presen'ed the
memorial ot Major Gene-al Jiel ]>fiwieh of
Ljnchburg, Virgm.a, a Revolutionary soldier,
askng for an increase if pension; also, the pe-
tition ot Join Munche'-on of Campbell county,
Virginia, a Revolutionary soldier, for a pension,]
Mr. RIDGWAY of Ohio, [who presented the
petition of John New of Madison county, Ohio.
Mr. New alleges that he was justly entit'ed to a
psniion under the act of Congress of 1818, that
he was not placed rn the pe-s on roil until No-
vember, 1834, u- dtr the provw ns of zn ait of
1828 Tne p«lii¡oner rrprecen's toat on ac-
count of his age and i.ifi.mtH—he bein? nearly
blind, having an  gr(l vifs, and in de&ftote cir-
cumstances, except the small pens on which he row
receives—', p prays Congress to g-"n< !m,i a n°n-
s en from ibe date of t'ie pension law of 1818 to
that of 1828.
Also, the petition of Gardner Herrón, whi en 
listed m the Uni'ed States s rviee en ¡he 19th of
May, 1812, for five year«: and who wps drchariPd
from the service on ¡he 2 i December, 1813, unfit
to do the duties o£ a soldier, by reason of a drop-
sical hab't. The petitioner a'leges that he cm
tracted a disease by exposure in the a-my, wh ch
disables him fiom gaiaing a support for him'elf
and family at thy pietent time; he therefore prat's
the United States Congress to grant him an annual
pension during life.
Also, a resolution from the General Assembly
of the Statp of Oaio, d'sirmg of Congress par'v
actioa on the sutjec* of ftp portioning the nnrnber
to forra the repre-en'ation of the United S.ates un-
der the census of 1840 ]
Peveral other nftn^er? rose to pres°it petition^, I
When Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky nre and '
cbj^c'ejto he recet)acn ef anj mnre petitiers, un. j
k's the S a es v.ere to be repularly ca'led m ih"ir i
order for tbem. He ca'led for ths orders of the j
day, being the
REFERENCE or THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
The Houce resumed the cons'deration of Ibe un-
finished bu i,i«cs of je'tT'at. being ti-e 'o'lowfg
brpnch rf the resolution hereto'ore ottered ty Mr.
Fillmore:
R'sohei, That «o mu'h <hér"-f as re)at- s to lbs
tanffbe leftrred to tho Committee on Manufac-
tures.                                     Í           /
Which res'lution Mr. AtuÍrtoh bad here'ofore
moved lo amerd by striking §i t ihe words ••Com-
m f'eein lUEnGfa^'urc," ana rr-er'irg the words
"C rr.mutee of W=j í and Mea"s.'/
Which amendment Mr. E«etb had heretofore
moved to amend by adding ihe to the fallowing
words:                                    t   |
"With instructions that, skdbld it te in their
opinion expedient lo lay aJJttjtnal dc'ies, they
sha'l be so laid as no; lo üt eliminate in favor of
any particular class of industry in the United
States."
And the question being on the amendment to the
amendment—
Mr. MERIWETHER retried a^d o-ichv'cd
his remarks from ye-tcinav, * eld">a th  fl «or, for
purposes of exp'anation, tu Mi. VV. W Irwin ani
Mr. PiYsii
Mr. Vekiwetser, a" e* "T"lj¿'ng b,-, rep'./ to
that pen oí oí the s a'lst'n argutrcn,o«r,VEr Hid-
son «ahici concerned treieaKe pro~s d «ived
fnm the mjnutíctur.nj nus re-s exie d ns the
profits derived fic>n lb" prcdv" oj o" co t^n o- any
other braccti rf mdp try, p'orre'ed liaiiu' it
length ?o-ai.i t the « s Tt ^f a rr tecw, "o. ^nd-
in  tha'tne ohi°''ot'he ..ist |fg' 'i.'eiCei'C p-
giess pa ^e i it 17&J i as n nprotec on, '•• • ,'s bi-
tempted to ba e-tanl s ,^ ¿v n.od-n d ' i> e
From ths ¡ri'it Mi. 2-1 p*o-\?°a to r-p \ '-> the
it marl"! cf Ml / tpeit v, Mi. T'n ^ i f V i" a ¡>,
and o h"r nter-bers, 07 iw u'tj.ct u 1,1 a'ere '
eürav? arc  of iue \ias-', p-d v.rd ^.'ng ir t
party l".i 'h^ chrr^os t^ci had been ma,"
against ,t oa ihat seoie
[\ rce^-di%e w?« 'ecci' el u 1 i ,'r" 3cr^   > A
Tic-kit , e 4 Secreta- , 1 i.e.- •< 3 tje K.   e .t at
the Scna'e h-d pa sed tul', oí ,it ul 0 ? n- ft.es,
and asking the concurr>.i.c> 0! the Hou:e the-Cin:
An act to establ sh au additional land district in
the Staie of Alabama.
An act grantnsg a pension to David Waller J
Mr. WINTHROP addressed the House in favor
of the reference to the Committee oa Manufac-
tures; and, ¡n the course of hts remarks, replied
totheargura-nts of various gentlemen who had
preceded him, to some of whom he yielded the
floor for explanations. He said he had been hoping
from day to d¿y that this debate would m some
way ba brought w a close, and had repressed art
ardent desire to speak on the subject, to prevent
dtotract.B" the debate. As thire had been mani-
fested, however, oa ihe part of the House, a dispo-
sition to go on wiihout iunitat on, he did not know
any particular reason why he shoajd deny himself
from speaking any longer. He did not intend to
go into what migut be called a full length tariff
discussion. His honorable colleague [Mr. Hod-
son] had anticipated him in so many of the points
he had designed to br ng up, that he should have
considered ¡t unnecessary to speak at all, had it
not been for the conree of remaik which had beta
pursued by the stntieman from Georgia [Mr.
Meriwetheh.] He thought that someihmg more
of importance had been attaohfd to the issue now
before tre House than really belonged to it. As a
question of paiiiameotary pr.'puety, as the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] had said, it
was undoubtedly of a great deal oí importance
and interest to which ot the two committees this
subject "hould be retened. The Ilou^e had con-
templated she idea of a division of labor, and had
distributed its members in some tweniy or thirly
committees, which were composed with reference
to as many suojec's. Among these was the Com-
mii'ee on Manufac ures. It was m vain to say
that such a committee ongnt not to exist; it did
exist, and the moiion by which it was made a dis-
tinct committee was made by a Southern man.
He cou.d not see what subject the committee could
claim for itself except this. The idea that the
whole question of a pro'ec ive tariff was about to
be ai-sposed of, ar.d forever, as some gentlemen
seemed to imagine, by the mere settlement of the
ques'ti-n whether a fei? iatner equi/ocal para-
graphs in ihe Pres'dent'o message «hould be re«
ferrcd to the Committee on Manufactures or of
Ways and Means, was utterly preposterous.
Gentlemen would find that this subject was not
so ea^y of 9'ijuvtment. The Committee on Manu-
factures might oppbohshed, as the gentleman Irom
Virginia [Mr. Smith] had proposed, and this might
be f-illo^edup by a rule that no petitions on ihe
subject of protection should be received, and siill
i^e subject wouid be sgita ed among the people.
Tne voice of the people was not to be hushed so
eas ly, and, sooner or later, it would make itself
heeded. He had very liitle fear but ihe industry
of the counlry was about to receive ;ome degree
of incidental protect.on from the mere necessities
of the case. Who imagined that liu  Government
could be carried en the scale no/; proposed, or in
anr s a!e except of dca~ada,!on and bankruptcy,
under ihe syetem of 20 per cen\ duties'? That
th«e magr, ¿cent projects of reform, tecently sub-
in fed iro.n the vanojs O pir,men's of Govern-
ir.pnt, so tialv po^le an 1 ra'ion'l m the.r character,
it Vichead a.read} crameniíed t'iemsslvea lo the
pa"iit e fe°lngs cf th" people of thi, country—
wiio believed 'hattney could be evei commenced on
the r-sTW of oi>r cour, ry un^er 'he e^mpro-
m,se óc ? Wnerc, then, wonl! 'hey obtain levenue?
Fiom lotr^ and Treasury notes' That t-as posi-
}^n melt, n t j aym.nt. From the publ'c lands?
Eunii the t pronics remem'd n the national
Trci 1. /,   tu   e wi, o'Ha deácuney, to supply
1 ,•'' ficv itu 1 f\re"don imposts There was
rim rrj, arJ, v-h^n the} ¿d ths, notwith-
i,p.''i i~ th"1 ("C ue of the gentleman from South
C-i>ina [Mr. Rhutt,] that protection and re-
-.enue v.c e 0 utterly i^con^atent, he had little
(o • lut t'.3 industry of the country would receive
Ciiocur. gement.
Th> gfn'ler^an from Geor^.a [Mr. Mkw-
v.ethcb] ha! said that he did cot lrok into this
que&l oa of a proteeuve tariff in a perumary view,
but planted himself on the broad ground rf the
Constitution, and held it to be unconstitutional.
He (Mr. W.) was going into no deliberate argu-
ment on this question.   The very history of the.
