M        \ ' '•     '/   -
The PRESIDENTproJem. then announced the
order of the daft, %eing ttfe proposition to refer to.
a Select Commiaee of nine the plan for an Exche-
quer Bank.       \       /
Mr. BATES skid it would have been more
agreable for him fc have said on yesterday what he
intended on the quesñon. before the Senate. The
question was simply whether the subject should be
referred to a select committee of nine. This
was the question, and the only one which was be-
fore them—though the measure to be referred
was, in itself, a momentous and important one. It
was to b« expected that the Senators on the other
side would avail themselves of the opportunity to
express their views on the report of the Secretary.
It may have been proper for them to do so. But
lie had listened with surprise and astonishment at
the course of those on the side of the Se-
nate with whom he has been acting. He viewed
their conduct with pain and mortification. From
such course, no good could possibly result; but on
the contrary, unmitigated and unmixed evil. It
had filled him with despondency and apprehension.
It led him to belive .that nothing could be done
on this subject, which of all "others the coun-
try demanded their action upon. It was of mo-
mentous importance to that country that ac-
tion, full, delibérale, and grave, should be bad
upon it. He did not however rise to debate the
subject-matter of the report, but to present his
views on the*propriety of its reference. The report
of the Secretary, however, presents to Coagress in
an intelligible form, the views of the President on a
measure of vast interest to the people of this coun-
try. His views are concurred in by the Cabinet.
And when he reflected on what were the constitu-
tional views of the President, he thought it did not
deserve the censure with which it was met. The
report assumes no tone of dictation—it arrogates
to itse!f no claim to perfection, and expressly in-
vites modiácation. It leaves to Congress to adopt,
to modify, or to change it at pleasure. He, there-
fore, thought it should meet from Congress impar-
tial, grave, and respectful consideration. The
measure itself may be all right or all wrong. He
was not then prepared to say which. It proposes a
plan bearing upon ths distress of the,nation, and
was therefore entitled to consideration; and he, for
one, did not feel at liberty, on a question of refe-
rence to a committee, to commit himself to its sup-
port or rejection. He wished all the light which
the public press and the public mind could throw
upon it. He wished to know the views of practical
men upon it; and he wanted a report of an intel-
ligent committee before he was prepared to act.
When that report was made, there might be so
little of a bank—a power of receiving deposites
or issuing of notes, or of discounting under the form
of exchanges—that his friend from Connecticut
[Mr. Huntington] would himself support it. The
proper course then was to send it to a committee,
who were uncommitted and unprejudiced, and they
had a right to expect that that report would an-
swer some good purpose. What the scholars, the
critics, say of this report, here or elsewhere, is not
of much importance. Had the power been given
him to make it, he should not care what they said
of it. It is before the Senate, and before the
world, and it speaks for itself. That is enough.
The country requires some action upon it—some-
thing for its relief. The President proposes a plan.
The Democratic party say their substitute for it is
the Sub-Treasury; and what have the friends on our
side of the house as a substitute? Nothing at all.
He tonk it for granted that for years to come a
bank of discount was out of ths question; and he
believed if the report of the Secretary was not
adopted as a ba^is for some measure, Ihey wouli,
after staying there six months, do nothing for the
relief of the country. The responsibility oi Sena-
tors, iu view of ibecond.tion of thirtss,  as appal-
ling. He was oppressed with sade ess of heart,
when he reflected on it. Somettrng must be done
for the relief of the country, or at leas; it was their
duty to make an effort to accomplish something.
That was what, in his judgment, was required at
their hands. It required, in the language of the
Senator from North Carolina, that by-gone things
should be by-gone.   The country feels that the
eOltGftEgSiONAk Mam;
evil of the day is sufficient" What has passed is
history. The country demanded at their hands
* another thing—the exercise of elevated patriotism.
They should, therefore, sacrifice all personal and
selfish ends, all hopes and expectations of that cha-
racter. If there was any thing on earth entitled
to respect, it was the nobleness of mind in a states-
man who forgets his own cause for the cause of the
country. To such a man he was always willing to
"bow.
The country demanded another thing—not only
that the Whigs should act, but unitedly. It was
not for him to assume the character of adviser, but
he wished to be permitted to express a hope that the
projet of the President would not thus prematurely
receive further denunciatory discussion at the
hands of the friends with whom he was proud to
act. He was for trying to do something, though
he feared nothing would be done. He believed the
country would sustain them if they gat the best
measure they could under the circumstances, and
leave it for modification and amendment hereaf-
ter, such as its operation may develope as neces-
sary. He, for oner was not content to put all to
the hazard of establishing a Bank of the United
States, or Sub-Treasury, hereafter, but was for
acting now. He seriously believed the fate of the
Whig party depended on the course they pursued
on this measure; that if they accomplished some-
thing, under the circumstances, the people would
sustain them, but if otherwise, they would cast
them crT. He refrained from any reply to the ar-
guments of his friends against the measure, and
expressed a hope that it would be referred.
Mr. BARROW admitted that a plan of currency
and exchanges was one of difficulty; and, aware of
that, he was in favor of old-fashioned experience.
In the present state of the country, he was for re-
ferring to the history of the past to ascertain what
was done when the country was once before over-
whelmed with similar calamities. Then but one
remedy was resorted to, and that was a Bank of
the United States, He, for one, was tired of expe-
riments—the people were sick of them. The Sub-
Treasury was the last; and that was put down by
the voice of the people in the late Presidential elec-
tion. That ought to preclude any scheme to re.
vive it. Could it be thought that the people de-
manded merely a change of men, and not of mea-
sures? Was it not equally decided by the people
at the Presidential election, that besides a change
of men and the rejection of the Sub-Treasury, they
were to have a Bank of the United States? He
denied that the elections last fall indicated any
change of sentiment on the part of the people. The
apathy at these elections was the necessary result
of the defeat of their favorite measure—the prin-
cipal and vital measure cf the extra session. A
Bank of the United States, it was said, could not
meet the views of the President. At a future day
he would have little difficulty in showing that the
President was mistaken in believing that the Con-
stitution interposed any barrier between him and
his party, as to his adoption of a Bank of the
United States called for bj the people. As to the
report now under discussion, and the bill accompa-
nying it, he held that the President was responsi-
ble for all that both contained. H« held him re-
sponsible, not only for every word of the re por1, but
for pvery provision of the "bill. The Secretary of
the Treasury says very plainly that he only sub-
mits to Congress the views of the President. When
it first appeared, he (Mr. Borrow) took it up to
read with a hope—though not without misgivings
—that after a recess of three months, devoted to
maturing a project, he could find in it something to
authorize his advocacy; but he had not perused two
p?ges of if, till he threw it down in disgust—his
cheek burning with the blush of shame, to find such
a plan recommended by a Whig President. It ap-
pears that even if there were no constitutional scru-
ples, a Bank of the United States would not now
be recommended.
Hq asked the country, especially the Whi«s of
the country, what do they now think of the Presi-
dent's two veto messages? What has occurred
since to change the condition of the country, and
render that inexpedient which was then necessary?
What has occurred to prevent him now recom-
#
mending a Bank, that did not exist when he did re-
commend one? He had no objection to a Bank of
the United States then, except constitutional scru-
ples. In one of those veto messages, Congress was
told the President was acting under the highest
moral and religious obligations—such as no man
could disregard without forfeiting public confi-
dence and the respect of all honorable men. Now,
he (Mr. Barrow) always doubted when he beard
political men resorting to moral and religious obli-
gations as excuses for not fulfilling their political
obligations. What had he to do with religion and
morality in such matters? The Constitution was
his Bible, and there alone he should look for justi-
fication. He (Mr. Barrow) could not now en-
dorse the President's plan, for he made it a Nile of
his life not to endorse a second time for any one
who let his first endorsement be dishonored. He
had given in his own veto messages the very
strongest grounds on which to oppose this bill. He
promised that at this session he would present
something to act per se all over the Union; and
now he oners a per se Sub-Treasury. For if this
bill be passed, and the States pass laws prohibiting
(he establishment or continuance of agencies with-
in their borders, what more or less would this mea-
sure be, but a Sub-Treasary, per set This bill was
nothing else but a Sub-Treasury. What States
would sanction agencies, to the destruction of their
own institutions, on the only safe and profitable
business they enjoyed? The exchange clause will
be a nullity. The burden of the first veto mes-
sage was, that the Federal Government had no
right to impose branches on sovereign States,
presuming their assent in the absence of their
dissent. The Executive dwelt long on that
point. No such hesitation now exists; but in
this bill he marches forward—and what is
his language to the same sovereign States?
Does it manifest the same tenderness and deli-
cacy for the sovereign States? No; the officers
of the Federal Government are to march forward
within the limits of the sovereign States and esta-
blish agencies—two in each—and maintain them
there, absorbing the business which sustains State
banks, till the respective Legislatures enact laws to
expel them. But let these agencies be once esta-
blished, and what chance would the States ever
have of getting rid of them? They can have no
chance of escaping from them; he would as soon
think of escaping trom the paws of a half famish-
ed bear. Once established, no laws will be passed
to dislodge them. And here the arguments of the
President's veto messages come into play against
his own Exchequer scheme. One branch of State
Legislature might pass a bill with a large majority
to expel the Exchequer agents from the State. A
tie vote or the dissent of the Senate might defeat
it. Or both branches migijt pass the bill, and the
Governor might veto it. The main features of the
bill present nothing but a Sub-Treasury, and the
monstrous power behind of buying bills oi ex-
change, which is nothing but discounting notes, so
strongly denounced in the veto messages. How
any Ssnator or Representative opposed to a Bank
of the UBited S,a'es can be willing to advocate
this rnons'rous project, was a thing incomprehen-
sible to him. No Federalist that ever lived in this
nation had ever had the hardihood to recommend
such an institution. Geneial Hamilton, an honest
man, though in favor of a strong Government,
never would haye dared to suggest such a plan as
this. Even Sir Robert Peel, with ail his high
tory notions, and living under an aristocratic mo-
narchy, would not dare to recommend to the
British Parliament a bank containing such mon-
strous powers. If he did, a vote of the House
of Commons would speedily compel bim to resign.
And he thought the Prime Ministers of this country
that sanctioned this bill ought too to resign—he
meant the Cabinet—find if they did, not being in-
tolerant, after evidence of some repentance, tbey
mi?ht be reinstated, within the term of the thirty
da?s prescribed for exchange notes to run by this
bill. Congress was told this bill ought to be
adopted because it does not create any corporation,
and it does not require Congress to part with any
of its powers—the bill being repealableat pleasure.
And on these grounds, it is argued that the institu-
