tion will not be a bank. But these are not neces-
sarily what constitute a bank. It is the power of
receiving deposites—or issuing a paper curreucy—
and of dealing in bills of exchange, whether in the
shape of promissory notes or not. These are the
characteristics of a bank, and these are all essen-
tial features of this plan. If this bill does not
create a corporation, it confers on this Govern-
ment powers inconsistent with civil liberty; and if
abused—not saying that the present President
would abuse these powers, but taking the broad
grounds of human liability to temptstion—the in-
stitutions of ihe country might receive a deadly, a
fatal blow.
One featute of the measure is, that individual?
are to be restricted, as to time and distance, in
their dealing-? with the insti'u'ion; but the Govern-
ment is not to be restricted at all m its dealings
with individuals. Their bills of exchange are to
be limited to thirty days' date, or thirty days'
sight, according to distance. But the Government
may sell its bill  at any date, twelve months if ne-
cessary, or more, and all over the Union. Here
will be a means of prostrating all the banks of the
country, should the Government, m ihe hands of
any party, be made the instrument of partisans for
for any purposes.
Under the exchange provision in this bill, the
Government had power to prostrate any and every
bank in the Union. When it stepped in, at New-
Orleans, for example, to operate for itself, and
consumed the exchange for itself which might be
necessary, the exchange whieh belonged 10 the
legitimate trade would be found to be monopolized
by the Government. It would control the market.
The Government could run upon the banks, by
offering bills on New York, and thus crush them.
New York was the great settling hou-p of this na-
tion for commerce and for all other business-
Charleston, Mobile, New Orleans, all settled there.
If there were not Government funds m New York
when the drafts were made, the Government,
through its New York agency, cculd draw on its
agencies elsewhere, and thus control the exchanges
everywhere.
The limitations in the bill, too, were the merest
cobwebs in the world. One drawing of a bill
might be succeeded by another, and that by a third,
to the end of the year; and whoever belonged to
the right political church could repeal the bill.
Then, as to the power of repeal. There was such
a power conferred on the President of the United
States by the Constitution as a veto power; but, in
a bill like this, it wou'd very different from a Bank
of the United States. The Government—the party
in power—would prei-erve it, and make it perma-
nent; and they who think differently (said Mr. B.)
have a better opinion of human nature than I have.
He had discovered, before this measure came
forward, the strongest disposition on the part of the
President to withdraw his confidence from the
party of which he ( vir. BAnrtow) is a member; but
he now saw in this, gigantic scheme, an evidence of
¡something worse than his withdrawal. So far from
looking to him now as the head of the Whig party,
which had elevated him to power, he could not
recognise him as belonging to that party any
more. He now called upon the Whigs to separate
themselves from him. He did not know what the
Whig party might do m reference to this measure;
but he knew what lis was himself resolved on
doing. L=t others do as they may, I sm for a se-
paration, a vinculo matrimonii, and believe there
his been one a mensa et thoro. Whatever may
have been the decision of the people in relation to
the Executive vetoes and \h?u reas ming, and of
what he said .n one of them, that if he Signed the
bill then presented to him, he woul 1 be justly sub-
jecting himself to the ridicule of his enemies and
the scorn of ajl honorable men; of one thing he
was certain—he would say, that, in proposing this
bill the President has justly subjee'ed himself to the
ridicule of the Democratic party, and to the scorn
of the Whig party.
Strip the proposition of its exchanges and no-
thing is left but the Sub-Treasury; and if it is not
stripped of the exchange clause, what is it but a
tremendous banking machine for the corruption of
the Government?   He trusted this deleterious pro-
OQffCrRESSiONiÜL QLOBB,
geny of Northern Federalism and Virginia abstrac-
tion would be strangled in its birth. He was against
its reference at all.
Mr. MOREHEAD ob'ained the floor, bqt yield-
ed it to
Mr. MERRICK, on whose motion the Senate
went into Executive session, and after some time
spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, January 4, 1842.
The Journal of yesterday  was read and ap-
proved.
On leave given, Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS of-
fered the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the annual report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office be referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and that the maps accompanying the same be printed
and attached to the copies of the ref ort already ordered for the
use of the House, Provided, rh*e Clerk can piocure, without
additional charge, the use oi the pla.es which have been pro-
cured and paid for by the Senate.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. HUNT asked leave, at this time, to intro-
duce a joint resolution, providing for an amend-
ment to the Consttiution of the United States, limit-
ing the President to one term of office.
The resolution having been read for informa-
tion—
Mr. WELLER inquired of ihe Speaker if the re-
solution was now in order?
The SPEAKER said, no; not if objection was
made.
Mr. WELLER said he objected, then, for the
reason that the resolution was not now in order.
He hoped ;that the House won.d proceed with the
regular business.
Mr. HUNT said he had hoped no objection
would have been made to the reception of this re-
solution, inasmuch as it was, MUem verbis, the
same iubmitipd by him a year ago, (D cerrber,
1840.) At the short session, he became satisfifd
action could not be had upon it without injury to
other great and important interests.
Mr. WELLER rose to order.
The SPEAKER said the question was not de-
batable.
Mr. HUNT said he did not desire to debate it
now. But he would give notice that, when in or-
der, he should present the proposition; and shou'd,
at an early day of the session, call it up for consi-
deration.
COAST SURVEY.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a motion submitted
by him just previous to the adjournment of the
House yesterday, to print 300 additional copies of
Mr. Hassler's report of the coast survey for the
benefit of Mr. Hassler.
Mr. HOPKINS would like to know, he said, be-
fore he voted, what would be the expense
The SPEAKER was informed by the Cleik, he
said, that the expends would not exceed $25.
Alter ^irr.e conversation—
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that the motion-should
be so modififd as to say "provided the expense does
not exceed $25."
The question was then taken on trn motion of
Mr Adims, and was decided in ihe negative—ayes
G6, noej81.
So the extra poples wer3 not ordered.
Mr. ANDREWS  of Kentucky called for the
orders of the day, being pet tions and memorials.
ABOLITION PETITIONS.
An animated conversation to ,k place between
Mr. ADAMS and 'he SPEAKER us to the nature
of the mouon pending on a certain petition heie-
tofore presented by Mr. A. for tue repeal of the
21*t rule.
After the converse on above alluded to be-
tween the Sfeaker and Mr. Adams had termi-
nated—
And the statement of the question being called
for—
,- It was s'ated to be on the petition of D. E. Nel-
son and 39 citizens of Hamilton county, Ohio,
against the adoptien of any rule, order, or regula-
tion, impairing or limiting the constitutional right
of petition, and against disparaging or stigmatizing
Sí
Abolition petitions, or placing them on a difletent
footing from Other petitions.
And the question was stated to be on the motion
of Mr. Adams, to refer the same to a select cos*-
mittee, with instructions to report a repeal Óf tfae
21st rule—[old edition, and which said rule is in
the following words:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or other
paper praying the abolition of slavery iñ the dis-
trict of Columbia, or any State or Territory,or the
slave trade between the States or Territories of
the United States in which it now exists, shall be
received by this House, or entertained in any way
whatever.' ]
,This was the question as stated from the jour-
nal.
Mr. MERIWETHER (on whose intimation of
debate the question had gone over on a former
day) took the floor, and, after a few prefatory re- _
marks, which the Reporter could not d'Stinctly'
hear, he moved to strike out so much of the mo-
tion of Mr. Adams as proposes instructions for the
repeal oí the 21st rule, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following word :
"With instructions to report a general system
of rules, and to take into consideration the expe-
diency of abolishing the previous question, to re-
establish the one hour rule, and that bills may be
taken out of Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union at a convenient period."
Mr. WISE rsised the question of the congmity
of these instructions with the subject-matter of the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams.]
Mr. ADAMS here rose, and said that the Clerk,
in stating the question, had read only a part of the
journal of the day on which the subject was first
up. He had not read the fact that, on that day,
iheSpeaker objected to the instructions proposed
by him, (Mr. A.;) and that he then withdrew those
instructions, leaving simply a motion of reference
to a select committee; and that was now the ques-
tion before the House.
In that view of the case, he dtubted whether the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Mebiwether] was in order. These instructions
proposed that another committee, such a committee
as we had at the last session for the purpose of a
general revision of the rules, should be raised. The
House, he should think, would have had a suffi-
cient intimation of the advantages of such a com-
mittee, from the manner in which that report had
been treated at this very session of Congress—from
the manner m which the gpntleman from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] bad, m the first place, moved to
nuke that report the special order of the day for
Thursday, and for every day until disposed of, and
then, when the day came, moving that it be laid on
th° table.    (Lauehter.)
The SPEAKER.. Does Ibe gentleman from
Massachusetts make the point of order that the in-
structions propo-cd by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Meriwether] are not m order?
Mr. ADAMS said jes. He objected to the in-
structions as not being in order. He objected on
two grounds. la the first place, because the
Spf aker had decided that hi* (Mr A's) instructions
were out of order; and, in the second place, be-
cause it appeared to him (Mr. A ) that a proposi-
tion for a general revision of the rules was not a
proper amendment to a mot on merely to wfer a
petition m relation to a single rule.
Th  SPEAKER said ii had escaped his memory
r' the instructions offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr Adams] had been declared out
of order. The only resource which the Speaker
had in such a case was the journal of the House;
and the journal, in this instance, stated that the mo-
tion to refer wos wi'h instructions.
Mi. ADAMS said that, whether it was entered
on the journal or not, he had been told that the
question must be taken on the reference, and that
the question on the instructions must be a separate
thing afterwards; and, in that view, he had with-
drawn that portion of the motion which contained
instructions. That, he repeated, was the fact,
whether entered on the journal or not. He hoped
that there were other members of the House who
remembered as well as himself that such was the
