M
CONGRESSIONAL  GLOBE.
John Hntchms, of Mississippi, pra>ing the right of
pre-emption to a tract of land, was ordered to be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands
Mr. BARROW presented the petition of Joseph
Alexander, asking remuneration for services'' in
the late war- referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claim*
On the motion of Mr PHELPS, it was resolved
that the Committee orí Pensions be directed to in
qrnre into the expediency of placing the name of
Nathaniel Stafford on the invalid pension rol1,
and Rosa Prince, a widow of a soldier of the
Revolution-, on the Revolutionary roll of pen-
sioners.
On the motion of Mr WALKER, it was reiol ve d
that the Committee on the Post Ofb.ce and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of continuing the post route from Tu«cumoia to
Holly Wells, in the State ot Mississippi
Mr. PHELPS presented two separate resolu-
tions of the State ot Vermont, instructing their Se-
nators to endeavor to procure such amendment of
the Constitution as wU restact the eligibi'ity of the
President to one term.
Also, that the voting for (lectors of President
and Vice President may lake place the same day,
which were ordered to he on the table and to
printed.
Mr PHELPS also presented another series of
resolutions from the Legislature of Vermont,
which he «ail was of more practical importance
to the people of the State of Vermont than any
other, to wit, on the subject of a protective tariff,
involving seme four or five material points, as fo -
lows:
1 JZet,oheil, That laboi fbolh menta! and coiporeal, is not
onlv the most h morable mean , but the only true bouice uf
wealth
¿ Ihat itis theduty uf our Government at ail tunes to pro
tect and encourage the irduatry of out otizens by irakmg nr d
enforcing such a tariff of protective duties as will «ec lie our
home markets from the desperate and di=aitrous fiooduigs of
i jreign competition,
3   f hat we regaid the right to enjoy the pioduct of our soil
and labor as sacred and valuable as the light to the soil itself,
and that i< is equally the duty of our Government to íepel m
vasions and encroachments upon the one as the other
4   1 hat the farmer and the manufacturei ate alike vitally
interested in such protection and that the prosperity of all
classes and occupations is mainly dependent on the success of
our aciicultural and manufacturing interests
5   rhat the tariff laws now existing ire high'y defective and
insufficient, and by that i art of the compromise act whiclwa to
take effect in July next, will be  rendered still moie defective
nd unjust
Mr. P. moved that the tesolu'ions be punted,
an i referre t to the (Jomni he on Manufactures
Mr. CALHOUN said he had no objection to
the reference or readirg oí the r^solutioos which
h d been presented by the ¡senator from Vermont.
Tae first resolution affirmed a great futrí, and the
second was not a truth, and was tn r<.ly ureco"
cileable with the fi'st It was indeed in direct
contrad ction of the sentiment mrtgardto labor He
hoped the Committee on Manufactures, to which
the resolutions were referred, wou d make one in-
quiry, and that was whetrer there could be any
competition bptween our own labor and foreign
labor, and whether one branch of busi-
ness was to be protected at the tipeme of ano-
ther. Tie  vu comf lamed of in the res lution
arises out of pro'ecnon Tins was putting down one
branch o* industry at the eipen«e ot ¿«other,
and h" wished to know if ihi > was to be the ac-
tion of the Government >,ctLing c-jld be more
unjust
Mr. PHELPá siid it wa> no part of his ovj°ct,
m presenting lb." resolutions, to ¡ rodpce a debae
m limine upon tLcii &uch-di eussion nev r re-
sulted in any sou d ot maciical g)ol It w*
enougn ftu lis nurpese to dr=eu>s the propositions
contained in the resolutions v he i p e ented m a
form for a" ion He tiu--t<>j 'he Cotnii't ee on
Manufactures *ot)H give .he rest lmons due con-
sideration, ana that hey wou 1 be enabled to nrn-
sent measures bas* 3 u^on tV reso utu ns i a'culated
to carry th°ir doc'nne-, no prartua! effem WIiph
they did ihis,hevhonlJ ftelrfa' .and even bou' 1,
to defen 1 the prmciptp' co itiined ji the reso'uLois
which he had «ubmuttd.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was net disponed to
debate the subject at this time Ail he wiJiád was
this: that the Committee on Manufactures womd
reconcile the first of the punciplea laid down in the
resolutions with the second. He denied that there
was any harmony in them While I am up, (said
Mr C ) let me say, with great deference to the
gentleman from Vermont, that I have a dt cument
m my pocket which proves that Vermont pays less
than one per cent, in duties where other States pay
twenty-five, thus showing the inequality of the pre-
sent system of duties.
Mr PHELPS, in reply to Mr. Calhobn, said
that the books did not show the imports, and could
not The goods coming into Vermont were
imported through Boston and New York, and very
few of them by way of Lake Champlain. The
amount of goods, indeed, which came irom Lake
Chan'plaitt was but a trifle of the whole. If the
•gentleman could ascertain how many goods were
imported by way of the other States, which were con-
sumed in Vermon', b° could arrive at some data as
to the duties paid by Vermont, and not otherwise
By Mr. SMITH of Indiana: Petitions of John J.
Becí and Nicholas Fieenor, of Indiana, asking for
pay for horses killed at the battle of Tippecanoe
referred to the Committee on Claims
On motion of Mr PIERCE, it was ordered that
the petition of Daniel Peck, praying a pension for
disatulity meuned during the last war, while in
the line of his duty, and the petition of George
Johnson, praying for a pension, be taken from the
files, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr MERRICK, on leave, in roduced a bill for
the relief of Francis Newman, deceased, which was.
read the first, and, by special order, a second time,
and reierred to the Committee on the Judieiary
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Commntee on
Public Lands, reported a bi I to perfect t tlfs to
lands soaih oi the Arkansas river, hela under New
Madrid locations and pre-emption righ a, u*der the
act of 1814, with a special leport
Also, a bill for the relief of certain tetters ^n
the public lands, who were deprived of the benefits
of the act granting pre emption rights, approved
19th June, 1834, without amendment
Also, a bill to amend an act, entitled "An act to
appropriate the prccer-ds of sales of public !and~,
«n 1 to g^ant pre-emption rights," approved Sept 4,
1841, with an amendment, and a special report
[The bill, as amended, extends the pre-emption
ri^ht to persons who, at the date of the ac of 1841,
had settled upon the puoliclands, whether surveyed
or not.]
Abo, a b 11 furih r to amerd the act entitled "An
act to appropriate the proceeds of tne sales of the
pub'ic lands, and to prant prn emption rights," ap-
pioved September 4, 1841, with an amendment
[ Flus bul authorizes the Governor of lllnois to se-
lec> the lai ds granted to that State ny the act of
1841]
The several reports, on motion of Mi SMITH,
were ordered to be p mted.
The bill to increase  the  pay of the  officers of
Revenue cuitéis, whilst engaged in naval  service
was taken up and postponed                                ,
Engrossed bill for the relief of Margaret Barnes,
the widow of Eijah Barnes, was read the third
tiiB^ and passed
Tne b !1 for the relief of the leaal repres ntatives
of A=?ron Va 1, deceased, la'e Consul at L'Onent,
was taken up as in Committee ot tne Whole, and
a'ter stme explanation of the object oi ihe
bill by Mr HUNTINGTON, and Mr. KING,
m tejiy to tne inquiry of Mr. Sevier,
i' was reported back to the Se ate wihout
ar.ierdment, and ordered to be cng ossed for a ihird
tea lir 
T-- «ni cea ing n iiiwland distnc' in tbe State
if \i )un, and c ang ng tne ooun lanes of the
Western a rf South veotcrn Land distnc s m said
Sta e, w.ts latíen u i as i-1 commi te« of mc whole,
-nd aft-r a few remarks by M SMIFHo* In-
diana, ard Mr LINN, a-, to  he propriety of leav-
ing the pow<_r 10. tht han^ of the Pn«ident to
s li-ct the point at * ft ch tne new land ofhce shall
be loca ed, the bill was repo ted tn the S nate, ard
on fred  to be engrosse-1 fo' a thir' rea^u g
Mr CLAY, on leave, mtro uced a bill ameida-
tcry ot tie several acs relatrgto copyright re-
icrr«i to the Committee on the Judioarj.
The following bills were severally considered, as
in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, viz-
A bill to provide for the payment to the State of
Louisiana of the balan -e due said State for expen-
ditures incurred in raising, equipping, and paying
off a regiment of volunteer militia, mustered into
the service of the United States, and employed in
the Florida war in the year 1836
A bill for the relief of certain companies of Mis-
souri volunteers, commanded by Captains Steven-
son, Pollard, Sconce, Atchison, and Crawford.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Daniel Petn-
bone, deceased.
A bill to authorize the payment of equitab'e
commissions to ths agents or attorneys of peí sor a
in whose favor awards have been made under four
several treaties between the United States and cer-
tain foreign powei=, which awardifchave been re-
tained in the Treasuty, m payment of debts due tbe
United States.
A bill to authorize the inhabitants of township
eight north, of range thirty-t-vo west, in the State
of Arkansas, to enter a section of land m lieu of
the sixteenth section in said township, upon condi-
tion tnat the same is surrendered" to the State for
ordinary purpose*, was t?ken up as in committee
of the whole. This bill was reported from the
Committee on Public Lands wnh an amenda ent
giving the power into the hands of a majority of
the inhabitants of the townsnip to dispose of the
lands in lieu of other.
Mr KING and Mr WOODBR1DGE opposed
ihe amendment. They contended that a majority
had no right to divest any inhabitant of his title,
which had been legally acquired, bu„ that it should
require the consent of eveiy individual interested
They were for leaving it to the consent of the in-
habitants ot' the township 'o decide
Mr. PRESTON denied the right of Congress
to pasi any law mterfer ng between the Le
gislature and the mhabitarts of the township.
That they had no right to look behind the Leeisla-
ture to say what number was eompe'ent to divest
the whole of title That that power should be left
to Ihe Legislature of Arkansas, which was the pro-
per guardian of the inhabitants of ihe township
Mr SMITH of Indiana denied the position as-
sumed. If they had a naht to pass the bill at all,
they had a right to prescribe the mode
The amendment was not agreed to, and the bill
was taken up in the Senate, a"d ordered to te en-
grossed foi a third reading
PROPOSED BOARD OF EXCHEQUER,
Tne PRESIDENT pr  tern announced the un-
fiiished business, whichjwas tne proposition to re-
fer to a select committee of nine the projet of the
Secretary of the Treajsmy frA a Board of Ex-
chequer                        i
Mr. WOODBURY observed that he was in fa-
vor of the motion betofe the Senate to refer the
bill to a select committee. He thought the im-
portance of the subject mafter of the report was
such as to require it. Sqlf-respect on the part of
the Senate and parliamentary usage authorized
the reference, and in a^diiion to this, the source
from which the measu/e emana'td rendered this
course peculiarly prt per It is an imposing plan,
and having already attracted much pubLc atten-
tion, a ful' cons deramn of it was eipected. He
agreed wt h the Sc ator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Morehead,] that it was a fit a id ) 'oper occasion,
on a motion cf rtterenc , for discussion on the
principles an! tent' nc* oe 'he measure proposed
to be re'trrtd—piruCiua ly a me?sure coming
frt m so high a soure , a"d re'atm^ to such as im-
portant sublet But, a' trie satn- tiir¡", he felt it
incu™ibent on1 ra to sa> he did not anticipate
that any nrifor ampian < f compromise was to be
txpec ed from the rcpou of a cThTittee, or that
any such repoit c mid re-oncile th" conflicting
pr n<-iple or tin-, btl He agreed that there
miaht be mu h diot e^" in m?nv parts of
ihe Union, and that mt rh d fficu1 y and
ambarra s'-cit h t1 "in out < e a dfrarged
currency, bat He ad o an i< p-itt that much re-
lief would risult fr m any sUth m$ ure as that
now proposed He bchet ed tne di ea- • lay much
deeper, and spread mucn wider thpn it was possi-
ble for this measure to heal, and that it was a dis-
