CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
speedily adjusted. Then would there be {no ex-
changes to pay but the cost of transporting specie
from one point of the Union to another. Gold
and silver could now be transported for one quarter
less than in 1837. He had had #20,000
and |30,000 brought in trunks from Indiana m
1837, without any expense, while at the head
of the Treasury Department. For a currency, he
would have no National Bank at all, and Mr.
Appleton agreed with him that none was necessary
if the States would but do their duty Until the
States made a good local currency for themselves
and their own people, all plans of regulating cur-
rency and exchanges by the General Government
would be futile. If asked what he would do
with the proposition to borrow money, em-
bodied in this plan, he would say that he would
have nothing to do with it. It was not necessary
to borrow money for the Government in time of
peace. When the late Administration closed,
there was but a temporary debt of five and a half
millions of dollars. He did not say this to create
crimination or recrimination, but such was the fact
By the plan proposed, it would'begin the year
with a debt of twenty millions, and end
the year with one of thirty-five millions of
dollars. The country would be placed in
the condition of increasing this debt at the
rate of six millions a year alter the present
year. To remedy all this, his plan would have
been to reduce the expsnditures of the Govern-
ment, for the present year, to eighteen millions of
dollars, by reducing estimates and appropriations
to that amount. The expenditures of the past
year should not have exceeded twenty mil-
lions, and would not but for the extra ses-
sion. He would restore to the Treasury the
income from the public land*, which should
have exceeded three millions, and ought, ¡f
the lands were properly brought into market,
to yield four millions, it would be necessary to
begin by repealing the Distribution act of that ses-
sion. It will be in vara to extend the tern of
loans, or to issue new Treasury no'cs, for capital-
ís s will not take them. Six per cent mtere.twill
be succeeded by se/en per cent and that by e.ght—
but they will not be taken Seven per cant is al-
ready proposed It is useless. The next step will
be direct taxes, or stamp act', or excise and whis-
key msarreetions The end of all this it requires
no prophet to foresee He did not say these things
as an alarmist- he was not one. He had but
spoken his mind, as prompted by a deep sense of
ht< duty to the country, on the present occasion.
Mr. EVANS obtained thefloor, and said, if there
wps any wish 10 take the question this evening, he
would proceed with his remarks but yie'ded the
flaor to
Mr. PRESTON, on whose motion the Senate
adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
ThoríjDíy, January 6, 1842.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania desired leave,
whteh was granted, to present testimony in relation
to a certain claim (the character of v hicb. was not
understood) now pending before the Committee
of Claims. Toe paper was referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. DE^N cf Oa.o asked leave to present a pe-
ta on.
Mr L. W ANDREWS objected io its recep-
tion, and cal'ed for the ordeis of the day.
The SPEAKER said reports Irom committees
were m order
After some conversation between Messrs. DtAN
and L. W   Andrews,
Mr. DEAN moved tj suspend the rules for the
purpose of presenting ' íe petitiun, but modified the
motion, at the si<ggesi on ot Mr Gosgi-j, so as
to suspend the rules (or t e ge"°ral reception of pe-
titions
Mi. MORRIS inquired of the Speaker what was
the regu'ar business.
The SPEAKER replied f*at reports f'cra com-
mitt es were first in order.
The motion to suspend the rales was then ta'>en,
and resulted thus  Yess 100, na>s 59
Thus two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. TOML1NSON, of New York, asked to be
excused from further service on the Committee on
Expenditures in the War Department, alleging as
a reason, the arduousness of his labors on the Com-
mittee of Claims. The request was granted by the
House.
The report from the Committee on the Expen-
ditures of the House, made yesterday, now coming
up, its consideration was, on motion of Mr. Brigcs,
posponed until Tuesday next.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES
The committees were then cal'ed m their older
for reports, which were made as follow
By Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of
Wayi and Means, the following resolution:
Resolved That the Committee of Ways and Mciw he in
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill autho
nzing appiopnations foi such necessary objects ashavebeen
usually included in the general appropriations, and which are
without authority of law
Which having been read by the Clerk—
Mr FILLMORE, in answer to an inquiry, not
heard, from Mr. Proffit, said that the Committee
of Ways and Means, in the investigation of the
subjects of appropriation usually made, had disco-
vered that a great many appropriations had been
made for several years without the authority of
law—appropriations for pay of officers, messenger ,
and other objects, some of which were necessary,
and rather than continue this incorrect mode of
business, the committee asked a bill legalizing such
of the appropriations as are necessary, ana strik-
ing out the others.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON made an inquiry which
was supposed to be as to the nature of the resolu-
tion; in replv to which
Mr. FILLMORE said the object of the resolu-
tion was to give the committee authority to include
in the appropriation bills appropriations for the
objec s now authorized by law, and which were
necessary.
The question was tben taken, and the tesolution
adopted without a division
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claim',
made unfavorable reports on the cpsesof John
Trafton, James Williams, Ransom Easton, and
Sarin A. Easton,' representatives of Captain
R D. Richardson, David Bartlett, and Thomas A
Rucs°l!; which, on his motion, were ordered to lie
on the table and be prm'ed.
Mr. HALL of Vermont, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, made unfavorable re-
ports on the caces of John Campbell and Wilham
Lewis, which, on his motion, were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a motion that the commitf«e be di^chaiged
from the further consideration of the petitions of
Daniel Westfall and James Phelps, and that they
be referred to the Committee of Claims; which
was carried
Mr T J. CAMPBELL, from the same com-
mittee, repo-ted a bill authorizing the paympnt of
seven years' hslf-pay due on account of the Re-
voluti! narv services of Francis Edpps, deceased.
Mr JAMES of Pennsylvania, from the same
forrmit'ee, repor'ed a bill to aufhonre the pa>-
ment of «even years' half-pay due on the account
of the Revolutionary setz ces of Captain William
K>11/.
Both whiih bilh were twice reat1, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union, and ordered to be pnn'ed, and made the or-
der of the dav for to-morrow.
Mr. WASHINGTON, from the same comrr-t-
tee. made unfavorable teports on thp cases- of Na
tha" Williams find Solomon Lee, which were laid
on the tihle and ordered to be printed.
Mr MOORE of Lou'siana, fiom the Coram "°e
en Fnvpte Lint' Claim", ¡eporied tiefollowng re-
solution, which was adop ed
Rrsohed That the lepoitof the Ke^ l i ' R eive- oí
the í rind Ornee at Opetou^s tin le\ ihe act ->t , loved í el ¡ inn
6 1^33 enmtel An act forthe fir al i tj i me it of tin 1 c aims
in the S ate of Lou^nna toilf-therwith the ret oit ol the ^oh i
tor Tnd Commi sionei of the Genera' I and Othc-and the fre
weliiy cf the Treasury theieon, be prirted
A'so, a motion that the Committee on Private
Land Claims be discharged fiom the furth"r consi-
deration of the case of Marcus Paulding, and it 
reference to the Committee on Invalid Pensions;
also from the memorial of the Legislature of the
Territory of Florida, in favor of pre-eraption to
settlers whose improvements have been covered by
Spanish grants, &c , and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, which motions were
earned.
Also, the following resolution, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of altering
the rates of postage charged on steamboat postage
Mr. SALTONSTALL, from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported the following resolution;
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be auOW
11/  1 to send for witness to take testimony on the subject\f
ihe present tariff taws, their operation upon the interests of the
cointry, and the tlterat.on h.chthose interests mayieouire \
The resolution Lrvscg been read by the Clerk,   \
Mr. W COST SOSNSON said, if the gentle- \
man would so modify it as to provide for the ap-   \
pomtment of a select committee, he would vote for     \
it.
• Mr SALTONSTALL said he would briefly
state the reasons which induced the committee to
offer this reralution. The sentleman from Mary-
land [Mr W. C Johnson] had «aid, if the resolu-
tion were modified so that a select committee on
this subject should be appointed,he would go for
it. He (Mr S ) presumed that the Committee on,
Manufactures could as well attend to this subject,
as they had to set on it, as any se'ect committee.
In his opinion, it was absolutely necessary that this
authority should be given to them; otherwise, they
could not go on understanding^, and act on this
subject; which had, after a leng debate, been re-
ferred to then, viz: that part of the President's
message which relates to discrimina mg duties and
domeitic manufactures The operation of the ta-
riff laws on the rcarufactu'rg interest*, and, of
course, as t>ey are all connected, on the other
great inter'sts of t*'e country, was a subject on
which no' a rsemter < f the committee was satis-
fied that h* Gculd act nndei standingly. He need
not rpirark to the Hou e thpt t ¿a* impossible to
tou'h the trr f laws without affect ng the great in-
terests of the exuvry—all of them That some
legislation was necessary, there could b° no ques-
tion at all. If it was, not nectary for revenue,
it had become so b' f"> ve y terms ot the compro-
mise act. It would be exc cdingiy questionable
whether any duty at all could be collected, unless
th s House should legislate on the subject, before
the 1st of Juty nexi, and this m'ormation was
equally necessary, whe'her in relation to the reve-
nue or to the protection of the great mteres's of the
country Th-re could be no question that it was
necessary to alter the tariff laws mcely for the
purpose of revenue, and informat un was the first
thing necessary. If they wee going to .ouch the
tariff law*, it was necessary to underst?nd trie ope-
rat in of them on the agricultural, the rnanufac-
tunn?, and all the interests of the country, be-
cause they were all connee'ed It was impossible
to at'end to the subject of the tariff without look-
ing into the operation of the laws on all the great
in'erests of the country.
Information should be had, and how it should
be obtained was the question. There were only
three modes in wh ih it could be cbtamed, viz by
the co> responderle of members of the committee,
by testimonv taken tender deposit on, or by the ac-
tual examination of vumeases before the commtl-
t e Let us h ok into these modes, and see whe-
tner therr- u as any doubt that the be<t mode was to
call before .hecommittee practical, inlellwent men,
acquainted with the different interests to be affect-
ed bf the charge of the eomprom.se law.
¡Wr GORDON ii quired if the gentleman was
m order'?                                 ,      ._                 TJ
The SPEAKER r-pl ed in the affirmative He
imders<ooi tha' the gentleman hal '«•pitied this
reunion from the Com o fee on Mfnufacnies
hf their crder, an J the gent erne's. remarKS were
'"m^SALSTONSTALL «"tl he would detain
the House but a mamen  1< nger He spoke but
seldom, and then he endeavored to confine his re-
marks strictly to the limits of ordtr. Be was abtmt
