ím                    .                    CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
An act for the benefit of the Selma and Tennes-
see Railroad Company.
An act to authorize the Legislature of Louisiana
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for the use
of schools in that State.
All which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, acts for the relief of Joseph Bassett, and
granting pensions to Margaret Jamieson and to
William Rand- referred to the Committee on Re-
volutionary Pensions.
Also, for the relief Samuel Crapm: referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Also, an act granting invalid pensions to certain
Cherokae warriors, uader the provisions of the
treaty of 1835- referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Also, a bill allowing drawbacks on foreign mer-
chandise exported in original packages to Chihua
hua and Santa Fe, in Mexico
Mr J G FLOYD moved that this bill be refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce, with instruc-
tions to report an amendment allowing drawback
on foreign merchandise exported froia any port of
the United States to any part of the Eniish pro-
vinces in North America.
After brief reraaikson tmsamendment by Messrs
FLOYD, WELLER, T0L4ND, J C. CLfVRK,
CROSS, BARNARD, ana W. C. JOHNSON,
principally relating to the propriety of directing an
inquiry by the committee, írfttead of the proposed
instructions, on motion of
Mr. CROSS, the question having been divided,
that part relating to the instructions was decided in
the negative
The question on the second division, proposing
the reference of the bill, was decided in (he affir-
mative
The SPEAKER laid befor  the House sundry
communications, vjz.
1.  A let'er from ¡he Postmaster General, trar>s-
nmting the annual statement of the disbursements
of the contingent fund for his Department for the
year 1841, rendered in pursuance of the act of
May 9, 1836, winch was referred to the Committee
on Expenditures in the Post Office Department,
and ordered to be printed.
2.  A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting a list of the names of the persons employed
as clerks in the Department of State in the year
1841, with the amount paid to each, which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
3 A letter from the Postmaster General, con-
taining au estimate of the appropriations necessary
for the service of his Depanmentfor the year com-
mencing July 1, 1342 referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means
4. A letter f>-om the Secret-try of the Treasury,
transmitting a commanieat on from the Corami'-
sioner of the General L*nd Office, enc'osmg a re-
port of the Surveyor General at Li tie Rock, Ar-
kansas which, after  ome conversation on ihe
subject of its disposal, was referred to the Com
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed
5 A communication from the President, trans-
muting a report from the Secreiary of State m an-
swer to a resolut on of th* House of the 19th June,
1841, of (be aggregate amount of ca^h description
of ptr«ons within the several districts and Sta'es oc
the Un ted State* bv counties and towns
Mr ADAMS moved that this be refeired to the
Select Commute  on the Apportionment of Rep-e-
sen'auves, a d b* p'inted He sail he would not
now move to ¡>mt an ex ra number of copies, al-
though they might b* neces-an, but would leave it
to Ihe committee to decide
A briel e vers?'ion a-o e between Messr-,
ADAMS, WELLER, ?n I FILLMORE, on the
printing, pfter which,
Mr. AD\MS mod fed t c motion, so as to refer
the communication only,   «inch was carried
TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. FILLMORE n.qui'ed of Ihe Speaker if
there was any oih r business before the House,
and, being answered m the negafive, on his mo-
tion, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the .tate of the Union, (Mr Hop-
kins of Virginia m the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the bill to authorize the issue
of Treasury notes, which was read by the Clerk as
follows:
A BILL to authorize an issue of Treasury notes
Be n enacted, tfc Thatthe Piesident of the United States
is hereby authorized to cause Treasury notes, m lieu of those
heretofore or hereafter redeemed, to be issued for such sum or
sums as the exigencies of the Government may reqtme, but
not exceeding the sum of five millions of dolíais of this emis
sion outstardmg at any onetime, and to be issued under the
limitations of other provisions contained in the act entitled
'An actio author«e the issuing of Treasury notes," approved
the twelfth of October, one thousand eight hundred and thirty
seven, and as modified by an act entitled "An act additional to
the acton the subject of Treasury notes,' approved the-thirty
firfet of March one thousand eight hundred and fort$ except
that the authority hereby given to issue Treasury notes bhall
expire at the end of one year from the passage oí ®iis act if
not sooner terminated under the proviso to this section Pro
vided, Thai the authority heieby given to issue Treasury notes
shall cease an \ determine as soon as the loan authorized by the
act of Julytwenty first, one thousand eiaht hundred and forty
one, or which may be authorized by anjl other act, shall be ne
gotiated and tendered available             I        /
Mr. FILLMORE then rose #id observed that
he had but few remarks to mate explanatory of
the grounds of the bill which hat jást been read.
He would very briefly state the tejsons which had
induced the commit'ee to report if.
It would hardly be necessary, on this occasion,
to enter into an examination of the amount of the
deficit m the public revenue which would occur
during Ihe present year, that whole question would
come up in its order when a bill should be con-
sidered for a loan, or a bill to increase the duties
on imports, wi h a view permanently to supply the
deficit ía the revenue For the present, it would
be sufficient to state that, from the report of the
Secretary of ihe Treasury, it appeared that there
would be a deficiency of over fourteen millions for
the present year That officer, in the same report,
presented to C ingress h'S views as to the manner
in which this amount was to be providsd; and he
would call the attention of the committee to a por-
tion of the report in which those views were btiefly
summed up. Mr. F. here quoted the report as fol-
lows
"To meet the deficiency in the year 18<<2 amounting to
814 218 570 68, it l  respectlully recommended to Congress to
authorize
1 An extension of the term within which the residue, not yet
taken, cf th  loan already authorized shall be redeemable
amoun mg to, say $6 500 000
' 2 The re ismip of the Treasuiy notes heretofore authorized
bylaw amounting to 85 000 000
3 The balance still required of$271P570 63 togethei with
an additional sum of$2 000 000 (a sun Jus deemed necessary
m the Treasury to meet emergencies of the public service ) to
be supplied from imposts upon such foieign articles imponed
as may be selected with due regard to a rigid restriction m
amount to the actual want^of the Government, and a proper
economy in its administration '
When this portion of the report had been before
the committee for consideration, a majority of its
members had been very averse to adopting thp pro-
posal of an issue of Treasury notes, and, deem-
ing it to be their appropriate province to judge
and de'errmne on the be t mede of supply, they had
come to the determination to report a bill extend-
ing the loan heretofore authorized, ímtead of a bill
for Treasury notes, as proposed by the Secretary.
The committee, however, did not adept this course
without first appl} mg to the Secretary for any in-
formation wh ch should go to satisfy the House
that a loan ci uld not be obtained sufficient to meet
the exigencies of the public service. Receiving, at
that time, no s? ^factory evidence on that subject,
they went on to report their additional loan bill.
Soon after, howerer, ihe Secretary again applied
for Tre?sury no'¡?s, whereupon a corre-ponderce
took plpce be ween that officer and the chairman
of the committee, which he would now send to the
Clerk's tabic to be read to the commutes.
[Several letters were read from the Secretary to
Mr Filjl-woie with Mr F's replie , the result of
th  whrle beieg that tne Secretary had fully ascer-
tained tb-t no So?n could be obtained in this, coun-
try in pro.  to re'ieve the Treasury and save the
pub'ic credit ]
¡t would be perceived, from these papers, that
the Secretary of ihe Treasury anticipated a deficit
for the present quar'er of $3,745,466, and the
question for the consideration of the committee
was, Inw this should be supplied. It was appa-
rent that it could not be derived from the ordinary
revenue, for lhat was taken into calculation in.
estimating th" deficit If it could be obtained on
loan, a majority of the committee greatly preferred
that course. After repeated apphsations to the
Treasury, information was at length received on
the 3d of January (which had not been in the
Secretary's possession when he had first been ap-
plied to) that the result of a correspondence with
the great commercial cities was such as to autho-
rize him in saying that there existed not the remo-
test prospect of obtaining enough in time to meet
the public exigency, nor indeed at all, unless the
time of repayment should be greatly extended, and
the loan negotiated m Europe If this informa-
tion were correct, then there could be no prospect
of settmg the money short of three or four months,
within which time there would accrue a deficit of
$3,745,466. The Secretary urged on the commit-
tee that the only remaining mode of saving the
credit of the Government would be to authorize
the emission of Treasury notes. Under circum-
stances so serious, the committee had not felt itself
authorized to take the responsibility of withhold-
ing the question from the House, but had con-
cluded it to be their duty to submit the whole case,
and let the House dispose of it as it should deem
most expedient
For himself, (Mr F. said,) he had, from the com-
mencement, invariably voted against the issue of
Treasury notes, and it had been with the greatest
reluctance that he had brought himself to consent
to tha measure. He might be permitted to say,
however, that his opposition to it bad never rested
on any constitutional ground, it had always been
directed against the expediency of the policy. He
was aware, indeed, that there were some of those
opposed to Treasury notes who tested their opposi-
tion on the language of the Constitution, and to
such gentlemen he now desired to direct a remark
or two on that point. This objection, if he rightly
understood the case, was founded chiefly on Mr.
Madison's report of the proceedings had in the Con-
vention which drew up the Constitution, and from
that repoit it did appear, that in the onginal
draught of that instrument, a provision had been
inserted empowering Congress to b&rrow money on
the security of the United States, and "to emit bills
of credit " A motion was made to strike out these
latter words, which gave rise to an animated dis-
cussion, resulting in the erasure of that clause. It
was stricken out mainly on the ground that the
power was very liable to abuse
Now, it appeared to Mr F lhat this commenta-
ry on the instrument, resulting from a fact now for
the first time brought to ligUt, fifty years after the
Constitution had been adop'ed and administered,
had little weignt attached to it If the lawgiver
was the Convention, then are we to look for his
intention in the instrument he reported as an or-
ganic law, and m that alone, more especially be-
cause it was the organic law which the people
themselves had received, examined, approved, and
sanclioned by the,r sovereign authority. He could
not admit the binding ftree of any extraneous com-
rrentary whatever. The intention of the people
was to be gathered solely and exclusively from the
words of the instrument, and it any doubt arose
as to the true intent and meaning of its terms, lhat
was a doubt which usage, at some time, should settle
and put an end to Ar>d in confirma'ion of this view,
Mr Madison hsm-.elf, the draughterof the Constitu-
tion, had, while Prsidmt of the United States,
put his signature to bdls involving this very power
of issuing Treasury notes Mi F therefore, with
all deference, submitted to gentlemen who took
constitutional grounds on the subject, lhat, looking
to the words oí the Constitution itself, they would
be found to warrant such a measure, which, after
a 1, was but a modified form of "borrowing mo-
ney"—a power granted, in terms, to Congress.
The instrument did not decíate whether the securi-
ty given to the public creditor should be Govern-
ment stock, or Government bonds, or Government
notes In such circumstances, he was of opinion
that ihe uniform exercise of such a power m the
fiscal exicencies of the Government ought to be
considered as settling the constitutional ques-
tion. It was too ¡ate to raise an objection, at
this day, on evidence which lay concealed for
fifty years, and which had no public or official au-
thority.
To the expediency of the issue of these notes
