that the question of the reception of the memorial,
which tad been raised by Mr. Johnson of Mary-
land, was still pending, moved to lay that question
on the table.
After explanations and inquiries, and a pretty
warm colloquy between Mr. Adams and the
Speaker—
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll on
the question of laying the question of reception en
the table; and Mr. Adams's name having beet
called—
Mr. ADAMS (addres'ingbimse'f to theSpeaker)
said he would not answer to the quest on as it
now stood.
The SPEAKER. The House will determine
whether the gentleman shall violate all the rules
of order or not.
Mr. ADAMS. The Speaker was the first to
violate them.
The roll having been called through, and the
vote being about to be announced—
Mr. MATHÍOT rose,and inquired of the
Speaker if there wa-s not a rule of this House re-
quiring members who are present to vote? He
moved that this rule be enforced, and would state
for the information of the House that Messrs.
Bowne an! Gordon were within the bar when
their names were called, and did not vote, for rea-
sons best known to themselves.
Mr. BOWNE said he desjred to say to this
House, and to the learned gentleman irom Ohio,
that at the time his name was called he was m
conversation, and did not hear it. He was per.
fectlf free to vote.   He never dodged
[The Clerk then called Mr B's name, to
which he responded in the affirmative.]
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Mathiot] had informed the House that
Mr. Gordon vtas present, and had not answered
to his name, and had moved that Mr. G. be com-
pelled to give his vote.
Mr. J. G. FLOYD addressed an inquny to the
Chair, which was not heard, and ia reply to
which—
The SPEAKER said it was for the House to
exercise its own authonty in the case ; there was
nothing m the rules defining the process by which
members %?re to be compelled to vote.
[Mr. Gordon addressed the Speaker, but did not
proceed with ois remaiks; the HoH e presenting a
scene of much confusion, several members simul-
taneously claiming the floor, among whom some
conversation arose, of which the first that could be
heard was as follows:]
pt The SPEAKER, in reply to an inquiry of Mr.
Adams, said the the ques'icn before the Hou-e was
on the motion to lay on the table the question of
reception raised on the latter clau.-e of the petition,
which was not rejected by the rulo.
Mr. ADAMS. The question of reception! My
ears made it sound, when before siatcd by the
Speaker, like lay.ng on the table.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was not iti ordet.
Mr. ADAMS believed he was in order. He
wanted to know what the question was beiore the
House.
Some further confused conversation tosk place,
when
The SPEAKER said the question was on the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mathiot]
relative to the vote of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Gordon ]
Mr. BRIGGS apprehended that this was not the
time to try the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Gordon,] in the midst of the call of the )eas and
nays, and hoped the vote would be declared.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS hoped the rules ot the
House would be maintained.
Mt. GORDON asked to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER said this request was not m or-
der: and was abont announcing to the House the
result of the yeas and nays; when, atter some con-
versation—
Mr. GORDON, his name having again been
called by the Clerk, voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WISE asked 1/ the House insisted on the
votes of all alike? There was another member
who had refused to vote
Congressional globe.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia name the member?
Mr. WISE. The Speaker has already named
him—the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams.]
Mr M&.THIOT moved that the rules be en-
forced against the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams ]
Mr. STANLY hoped th's motion would be post-
poned until the first Monday in December next.
We know the gentleman from Massachusetts too
well, (continued Mr. S ) aid t'rnt he is not to be
overa Kne in this way.    We have tried him before.
Mr. BR1GGS hflped the result of the vote would
be announced.
The SPEAKER then declared the vote, (on lav-
ing on the table the question of rec>ption raised
against the petition, wh'ch also carries the petition
with it,) ye.it 104, navs 86, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Landaíí W. Andrews, Arring-
ton, A'hertoB, Bartrn, Bce-oti, Bidlai-k, Bowne,
Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Cria--. Brown,
Burke. S. H. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick
C. Ca/dwpil, John Campbell, William B. Camp-
bell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Chap-
man, Chffjid, Coles, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Daw-
son, Dean, Deberrv, D->an, Eastman, John C.
Eiwards, Charles A. Flijd, Pornance, Thomas
P. Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmer, Gog; in, Wil-
liam 0. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Green, Gwmri,
Habeisharn, Harris, Hays, Hopkins, Houck,
Hous'on, Hubard, Hunter, Charles J Inge'soll,
Jo«pph.R Ingerooll, Wm. Cost Johnson, Keim,
John P. Kennedy, Line, Abraham McClellan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, Mirchand, Thomas P.
Marshall, Job  Thompson Mason, Mathews, Me-
dill, Meriwether, Miller, Newhard, Owsley, Payne,
Popo, Powell, ProfT.t, Alexander Randall, Rediop,
Reynolds, Rhrt% Ri?<;«, Roosevelt, Saundets
Suaw, Shepoerd Wtlliom S ..tth, S^vder, KcUts,
Warily, Steer rod, John T. Stuart, Sam.ners Talii-
ferto, Joan B. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tnplett, Van Buren, Ward,
Warren, Washington, Weller, Westb'ook, James
W. Williams, Lewis William , Christopher H.
Wil'iííxv, Wise and Wood—104.
NAYS.—Messrs. Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews,
Arnold, Bibcock, B-¡!>er, Barnard, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Borden, Brewster, Bngg«,
Biockway, <Br<nson, J. Bro"/n, Bjsnelt, Calhoun,
Casey, Grinds Chittenden, John C. Claik, Staley
N. GHarke Clinton, Co wen, Consten, Cravens,
Rich. D Day s, Don , John Edward', Everett,
Ferris, Fj&fenden, Fdlmor , John G. Fiojd, A.
Lawrence Fos'er. Gate-, GuHines, Pat irk G.
Goode, Grang-r, Gusti&e, W. S. Hastings, Henry,
Howard, Hudson, James I-vm, Wm. W. Irwin,
James, Andrew Kennedy, Lawrence, Linn. Lowell,
MeKcon, Alfred Mar-hall, Mathtot, Ma'lock*,
Maxwell, Maynard, Morris, Morrow, Osborne,
Piomer, I?a.n<-ay, Benjam ti Randall, Randolph,
Ridge-ay, Rodney, Wm. Ru^el', Jame- M. Rus-
scll, Sa'tons .-'1, St.ford, S'rmmon, Slide, Tru-
m?n Smith, S'okely. Alexander H. H Stnart,
Till>ngh?s\ Tolano, ToTihnsoo, Tiumboll, Un- '
derwood, Van Ren.-selea1-, Wa'lace, R C Wo. ¡
throp, Yorke, Augustus Yous; , and jnh 1 Youtp
—86.
Mr. MATHIOT then renewed the motion to en-
force the rules against the gentleman frim Ma'ta-
chusetts.
The SPEAKER "a'tl it would be necessary for
the sr/mtUman from OMo to introduce a resolution
on the «ubject before they cou d act.
The motion not bíing io'ther poshed, 'his rub- '
ject was dropped, ana petitions were further pie- !
sented.                                                                       ,
Mr. GIDDINGS next presented a petit.in pray- I
ing ¡ha' tne poop e ot the tree States be relieved I
from all obligation to sustain the institution of [
slavery.                                                                     ]
Mr WISE a-ked if that d,d not come within tne 1
rule so ps to be rejee'ed.                                            |
The SPEAKER replied in the ntgative                 ,
Mr. WISE then  objeded  to its íeception, and   '
moved that the question of reception be laid on the
table.
Mr. ADAM3 rais°d the point of order whether
the gentleman irom Virginia had a right to nwkea
io$
------------------------------------------j-------------------------------------------------------—-
motion, and then immediately move to lay that mo 
tion on the table.
Mr. WISE. This is not the case. I merely ob-
jected to the reception of the petition; thereby the
question of reception being raised, I moved to lay
that question on the table. I know what I am afr
very we'l.
Mr. ADAMS. We all know that very well,
too.
Messrs. GIDDINGS and WISE briefly discussed
the point of order, as to the reception of the peti-
ttitt under the rule, and their conversation was in-
terrupted by
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS, who said he hoped
this debate vould not be indulged.
Tne question was then taken, and decided in the
affi-tnative, as follows: yeas 105, nays 86,
Mr. CIDDING3 then presented a petition re-
mo iviM'ing agdiust the admission of any new
State into tLe Union whose Cuastitu'ion tolerates
slavery.                                                      ,
Mr. C4MP3ELL of South Carolina, moved to
lay the question of the recption of the petition on
the table; which motion, after a brief conversation
was carried: Yeas 100, nays 82.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that, to justify himself to
the country, he wo^ld state that he held in his
band the petition" of some ten thousand electors,
fiom vaiious Slates of the Union, but mostly from
Ohio, among whom were members of the Senate
and House of Representatives of that State, and
o'her gentlexen of the highest standing, praying to
be reheved from the exrenseand disgtace of hold-
ing pel ■•on; m siaveiy, and of the slave trade. But
after what had passed to-day, he said he should feel
justified in withholding them, and would submit
the question to the people of the tree States to say
how far they will submit to these legislative indig-
nities
Pttttions were fur her presented from Ohio, by
Messrs. DEAN, C. MOR Rid, MATHIOT, and
S. J. ANDREWS.
Mt. ANDREWS presented a petition, remon-
stiatmg against the adoption of any rule by Con-
gre-sst'grnauz'ng petitions on the subject of slavery,
or plaemti them m ¡My way on a ditferent footing
from other petitions.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved to
lay the petition on the table.
On this motion Mr ADAMS called the jeas and
nays, which were demanded by the House, and,
bems; taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS.-—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Ar-
rmgton, Atheiton, Barton, Eeesrn, Bidiack, Bowne,
Milton Brown, C. Brown, Burke, Samson H.
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, P C. Caldwell,
John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruther.<, Carey, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Cro-% Dw.el, Ganett Divis, Dawson,
Dean, Eastrra. , J. C Ed«v u i-. Fornanre, Thomas
F P. stcr, G'.ilis, G; lacr, Gogg.n, William O.
Goode, GorJoL G'ahiiii, Green, Givn, Haber-
nom. Hairs K.-os Hoimes, Hopkins, Houck,
Hcostcn, Huba'd, Hr-'Af, Charles J. Ingersoll,
J. fi ln;;e soil, Jcck, William Cost Johnson, Isaac
Ü. Jon-sKeim, Join P. Kennedy, Lane, Abra-
ham McClellan, R< bet" McClellan, McCay, Mar-
eband, T. F. Marshall. John T. Mason, Ma hews,
Mediil, Men^e'her, Newhaid, Owsley, Payne,
Pope. Powel, Profit', Alexander Randall, Red<
irg, Reyuo't'-, Rh°tt, Riggs Saund.-rs, Shaw,
S^epptrd, WilliamSmuh, Sn}der, Sollers, Stanly,
Strenrod, Summers, Taliafer.o, John B. Thomp-
sni, Richaid W. Tnompoon, Jacob Thompson,
Ti.p'.ett, Vat) Buren, Ward, Wairen, Washington,
Wí,i r.on, Wel!er, Wes-brook, Lewis Williams,
Yvise, ar,d Wood—99.
NAY3—M s-rs *- l. was, Allen, S. J. Andrews,
At-icld, Bdb'-tck, Be-ker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair,
Bojrd'- ru, EorJec, Bre,s,er, Bnggs, Bnckway,
G10.1.0.1, Burned, Ca^=y, Cbnds, Cb.tíenüen, J. C.
C'ark, S. N. CLrke, Clinton, Cooper, Cowen,
Cían ton, Ciavens, Richard D. Dav'% Deberry,
D >g, John Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Pes-
stnden, Fillmore, John G. Flo>d, Charles A.
Fioyd, A. Lawrence Poster, Qa es, Giddings,
Paine'k G. Goode, Granger, Gnstine, Hall, Wm.
S. Hastings, Henry, Hudson, Hunt, William W.
Irwin, James, Andrew Kennedy, Lawrence, Lirm3
