CONGRESSIONAL 6LOBE.
I0f
to introduce a bill for the construction of harbors
at Milwaukie, Racine, and Southport; also a bill
for the improvement of the navigation of the Wis-
consin and Neenah rivers.
The SPEAKER remarked that bills could not
now be received but by the general consent of the
House.
Mr. D. then said he would ask consent of the
House to introduce said bills.
objection being made, the bills were not re-
ceived.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 8, 1842.
Mr. BRISGS, on leave, offered the following
resolution; whxh was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committpe on Public Expendiiures be
instructed to inquire into the quality and amount of furniture
Purchased or contracted for the new custom house in New
ork, whether it "is plain and substantial," and whether a
"propel economy has been exercised in the matter " Alb \
further to inquire whether there his been any reduction m the
number of persons employed in the customhouse in the city
of New York, or any reduction of the expenses of the same
during the last yeat, and what ledut-tion may be madejo the
number of persons employed m and expenses of said custom
house, without detriment to the public service.
Petitions, on leave, were presented by Messrs
J. L. WILLIAMS, LEVY, and CARUTÍIERS.
Mr. CUSHING said that he had been instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report two
bills, which good faith towards the Government of
France, and also that of Spam, reqnres to be
acted on promptly; and he begged permission of
the House to present the bills m question, that they
might be printed and referred to ihe Committee of
the Whole on ihe state of ihe Union.
The bills were twice read, ordered, wnn the ac-
companying leporls, to be primed, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on ihe sla'e of ihe
Union, as fohows:
A bill regulating corrmereial intercourse wnh
the port of Cayenne, in the Colony of French
Guiana, and to remit certain [tune?.
A bill concerning tonnage duty on Spanish ves-
sels.
Mr. LEVY asked leave to offer resolutions of
inquiry of the Secretary ot War relative to the
state of the Florida war; which were not received,
objections being made, and which are as follow :
Resolved, Tbat the Secretaiy of War or directed to report to
tbis House the cau e of the lecetit unobstiuc edappeaiance of
the hostile Indians in Flotilla m t e midst ot the set ¡ements at
Mandarin, what foice was statione 1 in that vicmny for the
protection of the inhabitants east of the St Johns, an 1 what
ineasmes were taken foi the puisuit and punishment of the ma
ran deis
Resolved, furIhei, That the Secietaiy of Wai beduectedto
report to this House what measuus are emplo>ed for the pro
tection of the live  and pioptitv of the inhabitants of Florida,
and whether any, and wha* furtliet legislation 13 necessary to
enable the Executwi to provide foi ihe due protection and fot
the suppre sun of' le Indian hostilities still pending
Reso hPd,furth 1, That the Societal y bo fuithei dnected
toieportto thisííjuse wha* numbet of murdeis have been
committed by the Indians in Tlouda since the disbandment of
Reaa s brigade of volunteeis, and of the causes which prevent
such provision fot the defence ol the settlt moots in Honda as
willgivepiop -ítcuntyoí r erson and pioperty to thecitizens
of said Terntorv
Resolved, That the said Sec-etaiy be further dnected to le
port to tins lions" what foice his been withdiawn fiom Tlou
da since the adjomment of the I tst session oí Congress, the dis
position made ot the force thus withdiawn, and the ltasOn of
lis withdrawal
Mr. LOWELL asked leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of Robert Ramsay, for ínjari- . re-
ceived by him while in the naval service of the
United States leave not granted.
Mr. JOSEPH L. WILLIAMS presented the
memorial ofaeonvenuoa recently held in Knoi-
ville, asking an appropriation for a survey oí the
Tennessee nver, with a view to the improvement
of its navigation: referred lo the Commiltce on
Commerce.
The orders of tha day were then called for by
several.
Mr. BIDLACK said he had been desirous for
some time to have an opportunity to present some
petitions which ne bad received from the district
represented by his colleague, [Mr. Dimock,] who
was detained by illness; he therefore hoped the ca!l
of the States would be proceeded with, and that the
call for the orders would not be insisted on.
The SPEAKER said that the first businesb in ol-
der would be the motion of the gentleman irom
New York [Mr. Chittenden] to lay on the table
the petition presented yesterday by Mr. G. Davis.
to repeal the Bankrupt act, together with the mo-
tion of Mr Cravens of Indiana to refer the same
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instruc-
tions to bnpg m a bill irt accordance with the prayer
of the petition.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a call of the House;
which motion preva.lmg, ihe 10II having been
called, 184 members answered to their names-.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that farther proceedings
in ihe call be suspended
This motion was decided in the negative.
And the list of absentee', was called, when it was
asceitamed th¿t 203 members were now in attend-
ance.
Oa motion of Mi. RANDOLPH, by ajes 107,
nots not counted, furfur proceedings m the call
were dispensed with.
The question tb n recurring on the motion of
Mr. Chittenden to lay tn the table—
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nay;
which were ordered by ihe House.
Mr. BARNARD mqu red of ihe Speaker if there
had not been yes'erday a pehtion pres'nted ot tlie
same character as tie pres-nt, aad referred to the
Commiiife on the Judicial?
The SPEAKER svid he did not recollect; it
could b" asurtamed by reierenee to the petitions.
Mr. FILLMORE ¡equated his colleague [Mr.
Chittenden] tj wi'hdraw tlie motion to }a,j on the
tab'e, ds many whi w, re opposed to the rtpeal of
ihe Bankrup' lav wou'd not vote to lay on ihe
table; and that the question b" take.i on the instruc-
tions as tbi^ would be ¡\ test question.
Mr. CHITTENDEN then «nhdrev his motion
to Wy en th" Uole.
Thi qia^iion then reca.riiijr on secon ing the
demsnd f r the previous qat don,
M WAEREN male a quesluí cf order that
it wa< net com cent n 'm /e special instructions
to a comm't re v. en pp'i'i' lis alone steie ir crJer
Tne fPJAXÍER overru e) the p-Mit of oider.
Mr. WARREN then r^ked a division of the
question, and moved to lay the institutions on the
table.
After a brief conversation on a po nt of order, the
yeas and nays, having been a ked and ordered,
were lake , a.id ¡esulted as ft bows:
YEAS—Messis Adams, Snerlock J Andicws, Arnold,
Ba^er, Barnard, Rlrn, Burden BtevWíl, Bll^ Blnckway,
Bro-ison, Milton Brown, Í-0 rnnll, < ¿Ihoun ClnlL Cintten
den, lolin C Chi . &td£v N (ink , Coipei, Cransrnn,
Cushmg, l>oeiry, J ihn L nvt rds, Evtiett, tes enden, Fill
moro A La.ueoi e Tos el O .te-< Gildings, Giart"ei, Gwin,
flabeisbam flail, Fei ly H3v\ ml Ilud m lose >H íl log t
sjll, James livin, Wi' ¡dill W Irwin, Lmts, William Co t
Jonnso i, Tjii i P Kenne !v, Kl tr LaPt, Lavience, Tmn,
McK>on, damson Mason M tthint, M-ixwell, M^vnard "Vlprri
v,ethei, Moore, Monow, O oon e, Pendleton, Posvell Ben
janin Randall Ahxandei Rindj'l Randolph, Ridgtvay, Rod-
ney, Roosevelt, Wnhani Ru^ ell Junes M" Russell, ¡Stlton
stall, 3 montón, felade fnw n Sntth Solleis ¡yardy, Suat
ton, J T Sluait, Richard W Thompsol, fa< ob Thompson,
TlUmshast, Toland, Toimm on, UmnbuU, Van Hens claer,
Wallace, \\ airen, \V isbunrton, Thomas W Wiünms lewis
Williams, Joseph L Williams, Winthiop, Wood, and Yolkfi
—89     •
NAYS—Messrs L W   Andrews, Arnntiton   Albeiton, Bar
ton, Reason   Btillac't, 1! rdseye, Bowie Hay 1, Biuke   Srmson
II Uuilei.Wila'iHutltr, \\ n   O   Hi l tr   G   \\   (a dwell,
PrtnckC Cildwth, Willntii IS  O   r  >r ', Tli      t   I   (  ii)
bell    Inn ilüs   iaiev    Cis^      ( !i pilan    (^imd   rimlon
Cowoii Ciavti  , I) niel, Gai et Uc.] , Richard D    Pivis,
T) in, Do tn  Pour liasiilin   Tilnf    J  1\   i      V   ic í 1   Uis
It.   riuyl, CntiV, A   1    vl   T      -i o    Ilion,   1    Tost)
Gamble, Oenuv, (< 1" ei, (¡ ^crm Wi lnm O G ude t.otd m,
(liantni, Giben friistine ÍI^i   -¡   I   I'-'s miis, Inys Horn >,
Ho  k i      ihucL  Hi ,tij,    llul ul, fu lu    ( hubs I   In-
^eisdl   dat^ Ca\e Johns       i^im   vhíuw Ke mei'v I-^wis,
lowed,    Abianam   McCKliai,   RM,UV   M'Utlhi,   McKay,
rduinanl,  AfeO   N^r hall      snont s F     "Uarsn'Pl,    i ihn
Tnom,)sJn M   oiMi'hov   , ^Ittl ^k ,   Veuil!   ii'i lei, Moi   s,
Tsew'iatu    O^sb)    Parintnc     Paitiid^^    Ptjne  P'unici
Popo, Profi   IV«is y Re i i'   Uej i IK, En , F "      -an
f i I,    suuiki ,     lia,v   t.he   | Lit-,   ^ilh n   o   ith     ^i > ler,
Srinril,   S iitf1)    iiiex   Í!   h    itntr   Mi   i itr    'stmter
.sweney, Tali ^cii>,   S3hl íl   t i mi    in,   Tnpl tt   Tihpj,
Underwiol  \ in B i ci    \t n i   Wawi^on   "Well r, Wis
brink   lines \\    A\    mit, dm   ipuel  11   Wi, uiuo, an 1
Autrt tos \oun( —114
i has the ki trm f onj were itoí 'ai i oi the tal le.
Tne question nov n^ris: vn cocon-l ii£ the de-
mand for th? pxviou > q l^si Oi —
Mr. LANií itppca'ea i" h s colleagu  [Mr C"a-
vens] to vithtiit.w ins oemand ¡or the previous
questior, to enable Mm to make a s'a'ement in re-
ference to his vote on 'he ques'mn now pending.
Mr. CRAVENS accord ngly Wr'hdrew the de-
mand for (he wevious question.
Mr. LANE said that, at the exlra session, he
had voted for the Bankrupt bill, not in accordance
with his own judgment, but in obedience to in."
strtiction*; those instructions he considered still
binding, and should, as at present -advised, voté
against the repeal of the Bankrupt law; but were
it not for the instructions, he should certainly vote
for Us lepeal.
[Cries of "Order, order," were here raised, and
Mr. L. concluded by renewing the demand for the
previous question.]
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi appealed to.the
gentleman fiom Indiana to withdraw hi% demand
for the previous question, that he might state the
reasons for his vote.
[Cue:, of '>No, no."]
The demand for the previous question was se-
conded by the House.
And the question being, "Shsll Ihe mam ques-
tion te now pull"
Mr. BARNARD asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered by the House, and, being taken, re-
sulted as follows:
YEA —Messrs L W Andrews, Arlington, Atherton, Bar-
ton, lieeson, Budseye liowne, Biyd, M Brown, Qhatlea
Brown Burke, SamsmH Butler, William Butler, William O.
Bntler.Gieen VV Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell,
William B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Carey, Casey,
Chapman, Cliffoid, Clinton, Cravens, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Richaid I> Davis, Dean, Doan, Doig Eastman, lohnC Ed-
wards, Egbert Perns, John G Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Gam.
ble, Gentry, Oosgra, Wilnam O Coode, Gordon, Graham,
Green* Gustine, Gwm, liaras, John Hastings, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter Jack, Gave
Johnson, Keun, Andrew Kennedy, Kins, Lew is, Lowell, Abra-'
ham McOlellan, Robert McClellau, McKay, Marcbaml, Alfred
Marshal!, Thorn is V Marshall, lobn Thompson Mason, Mat-
tcks, Medid Meriwether, Millei, Moms, Newhard, Owsley,
Parmenter, Paitud*e, Payne, Pope, Promt, Ramsey, Reding,
ReynohS 'that, Rigs* Sanlord, ^aundels, Shaw, Eshepperd,
William ^mith Snydei, ftjüers, ¡Steenrou, Summers, Sumter,
Sweney lohn B Thompson Priplett, Turney, Underwood, Van
lluien, Wald, Wattersoo Weller, Wes tirook, James W Wil-
bams Qiiistophpi H   Wdn,-ms, and Augustus Young—109.     •
f\\YS—*>ssrs Adam-, Aben. S J Andrews, Arnold,
Bibcock 13 ikt-r, Barnard, Bid' ick, Blair Borden, Brewster,
iliurgs, Brockway, Bionsun, B-irnoI!, Calhoun, Cainthers, -
Ohiids, Chi'tenden, John C Claik, "sttley N Claile, Cooper,
Oowen, Ctanston,Ctishmg, Dawson, Dibeiry lohn Udwardf,
E\ereo, rtsseuden, Iillmoie, A Lawrence Foster, Thomas
B Tester, Gales, GiPdm^s, Gilmer, Gtianger, Habersham, Hai',
William S Hastings, Heniy, Howard Hudson, Challes J In-
geisoll, J R Ingersoll, James Iivm, William W Irwin, James,
William Cost Johnson, J )hn P Kennedy, Lane Lawrence,
Linn, McK"on, Samson Mason, Matin it, Maxwell, Maynard,
Moore, Osborne, Pendleton, Plumtr, Powell, Benjamin Ran-
dall, Alex indtr Randall Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Roose-
velt William Rus-e 1, I M Russell, Saltonstall, Simonton,
slide, TiumanSmiti, Slanlv, Stokely, Stiatton, Alexander H.
If Sjtuait, John T ^tuati rai'atetio llu'iard W Thompson,
1 ico!) lhompon, lillinbhasi Tolind, Tornhnson Tiumbull,
Van Rcnosa'icr Wall ice, Wanui, Washington, Thomas W
Willi tins lewis Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wmthrop,
Wood and \orke-07
So 'be qjestion vss decided in the affirmative.
Trie qutbUon then being the mam question on
the insimctions to the committee to report a bill to
repeal ihe bvikiup* law—
Mr. WELLER asked the yeas and nays; which
weie ordered
Mr. PROFFÍT ¡suggested lo his colleague [Mr.
Cravevs] lo n.odify ihe instructions b/ inserting
ths woid "forlhvith "
Mr SFANLY t>op«d th-> uoi'ld have nothing
tidowiiithc wrid "for-hwi'n " They had had
enoighni ih'' in die Nt    Jersey case.
Mr. FEMDLEfGN .isueii i' it was in order to
tto« B"1 fityendipent i" the i"strucuonb?
Tit. SrElKES. replied m the ue?a ive.
Mr HO'¥ARD moved that the House aijourn;
on  h ch the yea-> and n?y  havmj been asked and
ordered by the House, Mi. H. wi hdrew the mo-
tion.
Mr. BARNIRD.   1 renew ihe mo'ion.
Mi. STANLY.   I renew the call lor the yeas
ard ni>y~.
Ttse "eas and na-,s bav,ne been ordered by the
TTni.se, > eretrken,"anarteui'ei as follows-yeas
38,s,ais 167.
So t1"4 House refused to adjourn.
Tae ou-st,0p fien recurring on the mstruc'ions,
I ir M1LTON BRO WN mqu.red of the Speaker
if it was in crdt.r to amend the msirucuonb'i   H«
wanted to mot-e an amendment so as to  instruct
t! e Comm.i'ee on the Judiciary to report a bill "to
suspend the eperaiion of the bankrupt law uniil
ihe first dav of January next."
Tbe SPEAKER replied that the amendment was
not ¡n order.
Mr. HUNT appealed to the House ts allow him
an opportunity to give the reacous for his vote.
