V    r
108
Mr. HOPKINS objected, oniess all could hajre
the same privilege.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and tbe
question decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS— Messrs L W. Andrews, Anmgton, Atherton, Bar-
ton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Bowne, Boyd, A. V. Brown,
C. Brown, Burke, William Butler, William O Butler, G.
W. Caldwell, P J C. Caldwell, J, Campbell, William B
Campbell, Thos J Campbell, Caruthers, Car>, Casey, Chap-
man, Clifford, dmton, Cowen, Cravens, .Bamel, Gariett
Davis, Richard 1> Davis, Dean,Doan,Doig, Eastman, J C. Ed-
wards, Egbert, Ferns, John G-. Floyd, Charles A Floyd, For-
ance, Gamble, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmer, Goggin, William
O. Gfoode, Gordon, Graham, Green, Gustme, Harris, John
Hastings, Hay, Ilo'mes, Hopkins, Houcic, Houston. Huh-
ard, Hunter, C. J In^ersoll, .Tack, Cave Johnson, Keim,
Andrew Kennedy. Lewis, Lowell, Abi<iham McClellan, Ro-
beU McCleilan, McKay, Marchand, A. Marshall, T F.Mar-
shall, J T Mason Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Miller,
Morris, Newhard, Owsley, Paimenter, Paitndge, Payne,
Plutner, Pope, Pioffit, Ramsey, Reding, Reyno'ds, Rhett,
Rlggs, tóaníbid, Saunders. f3Uaw, ¡S.ieppc-d. William Smith,
Snyder, Pollers, Sfeenrod, AlevanderH II Stuait, Summeis,
Sumter, Sweney, J B Thompson, Tuples, Tumey, Un-
derwood, Van liaren, Waid, Wattcrson, Weller, Wes,brook,
James W, 'Viluams, Cnustophei II. Williams, Wise and A
Youmr—115
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Alien, Sherlock J Andrews, Ar-
nold, -BabcotA, Baker, Baiuatd, Blur, Boardman, Boruen,
Brewster, Bn^s, Brnekw^y, Bronson, M Brown, Calhoun,
Chllds, Chittenden, rolm C Clark, Staley N Clarke, Cooper,
Cranson,Cn*hiníí, Dawson, Dejeiry, John Edwai Is, Evere't,
Fessenden, I'lllmore, A L Foster, Gates, Giddings, Granger,
Gwm, Habeisham, Hall. \Vm S H^stinsc Henry, Howaid,
Hudson, Joseph R Inueisoü, Jas Irvm, William W. Irwm,
James, William C Johnson, John P, Kennedy, King, J.ane,
Lawrence, L1nn McICeon, i* Mason, Mafhiot, Maxwell, May
nard, Meiiwether, Moore, Mor,ow, Osborne, Pendleton,
Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall Randolph, Ridgway,
Rodney, Roo^evel', W. Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Siraonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanlv, Stokeley, Stratton,
JT. Stuart,Taliaferro, JThompson.R W Tnompson,Tilling-
hast, Toland, Trumbull, V Renssslaer,Wallace, Warren,Wash-
ington, Thos W Wdhams, Lewis Williams, los. L. Williams,
Winthiop, Wood, Yorke, and John Young—93.
Thus the Committee on the Judiciary was in-
structed "to repirt a btli to repeal the act to esta-
blish a uniform fys'ca of bankruptcy."
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved a reconsidera-
tion of this vo e; and on that motion demanded the
preyiouo queshon.
Mr. M. BROWN moved thatthe House adjourn;
on which the yeas and nays having been asked and
ordered, he withdrew the motion.
The previous question wrs then ordered by the
House, and the main que-tion on the motion of re-
consideration was decided in the negative Without
a divis'on.
The second ditiMon of the queetion, viz on ¡he
reference of ih.  p' utiori, w-, t. en carried.
Mr. MARSHALL presented a memoria'from
the Chamber oi Commerce ot Loaisv-i'le, and aUo,
a petmon very nrmcronsly si¿':ed, frcm citizens
of Louisville, praymg for the repeal of me bank-
rupt law,
Mt. M. moved to refer those petitions to the
Commutes on í¡¡e Judiciary, withi insiiue'.ons to
that cjmm'liee to íepct a bill to repeal the bank-
rupt law forth vitb; aud on uus mo tioa asked the
previous question.
Mr. STANLY moved to strike cut the word
"forthwith." He hoped it never would be used in
a Whig Con«re„ -
Mr. MARSHALL. This is a Loco Foco Con-
gress.
Mr. BARNARD ro-e to a question of order.
Was the presentrtüon oí petitions tuw m older?
The SPEAKbR sa'd it was; ¡hat the rules weie
ye'erday suspended for the purpose ofreceivtiig
petitions from the States, aud they had not yet been
called through.
Mr. 3A.L-ÍNARD inquired it the suspension con-
tinued to to da' 1
Tae SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested to the gent eman from
Kentucky id nnauy his motion so as to instruct
tne Judiciary Committee to report the b'll on
Monday nexr, mst;dd of ' ioithwit!),"' as moved
by h,m.
Mr. MARSHALL said that, wl !i the assent of
the Hot^e, hi v o.-li v/i hdiaw ih? obnoxious woid
"forthw.th," and insert Monday next in !>eu there-
of, atihesame litre caJing for the previous ques-
tion on the motion.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded.
Mr. ARNOLD made a question of order. Was
in order to move instructions to a committee pre-
cisely the same as had just been dose'   And was it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
in order to name a day on which to instruct a com-
mittee to report a bill?
The SPEAKER said there was nothing in
the rules against this; and that the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky* [Mr. Marlhall] was
in order.
Mr IRVIN rose and said he considered it his
duty to make an effort to save this bill, and would
ask for a call of the House.
The SPEAKER said it was too late to move a
call of the House, as ¡he previous question had
been moved and seconded.
Mr. IRVIN said he would move an adjournment
then.
On this the yeas and nays were asked an 1 or-
dered, and the House refused to adjourn by the
follo-vmg vote: yeas 38, nays 158.
The question being on the demand for the pre-
vious question—
Mr. T1LLINGHA.ST rose to a question of or-
der. The rule provided that a petition should not
he debited the same day as presented, but must lie
over, if deba'e arises. Was it m order, when no-
tice was given of debate, to make any other di?pe-
sitonrfthe debate—by the previous question or
otherwise—than the rule had made? Did it net de-
feat the very object of the rule, which was to pre-
vent the blocking up of petitions?
The SPEAKER said he had no doubt if the pre-
vious question had not been moved, that the point
of order would be correct; but the previous ques-
tion having been moved, tbe debate was cut off,
and therefore the petition was not required to lie
over.
Mr. MARSHALL said he had just understood
that the regular day of meeting of the Judiciary
Committee was Tuesday, and be would therefore
modifv his motion, by inserting "Tuesday," instead
of "Monday."
Mr. BARNARD asked the yeas and nays on the
previous question; which were not ordered by the
House.
The previous question was then carried without
a division.
And the question being on the main question—
Mr. BARNARD asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The main question on the reference of the peti-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary, vim in-
sirac'iorn to report a. bill to repeal the bankrupt
law, on T'tes lay next, was then decided in the af-
firmVive, as M'ows:
YE\<—Mis^s Arnngton, Atherton, B-uton, Feesoo, Bid
lack, iiiiiKeye. Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V Blown, Charles
Biown, Burke,   It Butler, William Butler, Wm O Butier.
Green W Cildwell, Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell,
William B Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caiutheis, Cary,
Ca ey, Cnapman,' Clifford, Clinton, Cowen, Cravens, Daniel,
< aii,.t Oasis iiicfwrd D Davis, Dean, Poan, Doig, East-
mn Tnbn C ildwards, Egbdt, Fems, John G Floyd, Charles
A Flovd, Fon anre, Thomas F Foster, Gentiv. Gilmer, Ces-
tui, William O Goodc, Gordr$i, Giaham, Green, Gustme,
Hams, John Hastings, Ha>s, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck,
Ilous'on, Hiibaid, Hunter, Charles J Iigtr^oll, Jafl., Cave
-Idii^oi, Kenn, Andrefí Kennedy, L^vvis, Lowell, AVaham
McClellan, Roben McClellan, McKay, Maichand, Aided Mar
shrill, Tnomas F Marshall, J T Mason, Mothews Maltocks,
Medil!, Miller, Newhaid,Owsley,Parmenter, Partridge, Pavne,
Pitimei Pope, Prorht, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, ^an-
lord, i^aunlers, Shaw, Shepperd, Wm Smith, ¡"nydei, Sot-
lers, Steenrod, A H II Stuart, Snmmeis Sumter, Sweney,
John B Thompson, Tnplett, Tumey, Undeiwood, Van
Burcn, Ward, Watteisin, Weller, Westbrook, James VV. Wll
hatos Cliri3topner 11. Williams, Wise, and Augustus Young
-112
MAY*!—Me?sis Adams, Allen, Sherlock J Andrews, Ar-
nold, Babcock, Baker, Baiuaid, Biau, Boardrnan, Borden,
Biewsitr, Bu£gs, Brockway, Rronson Mdton Brown, Bui-
nei], Cd'houp, Chittenden, John C Claik, S N Claike,
Cooner, Cranston, Dawson, Debeny, Ftssenden, Fillmore,
A Lawtence Foster, Gamble, Gates, Granger, Gwm, Habei
sham, Hall, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R Liger
soil, lames Itvn, William W. Irwm, Jame*, William C John-
soan J>onP Kennedy, Lane, Lawiente Linn, McKeon, Sam
sm Ma=on, Muhiot, Maxwell, M ynard, Morrow, Osborne,
Pe ,d e'on, Oeniatnin R-mdall, Alexander Randall, Randolph,
Ridiw 'y, Ri dn^y,Roosevelt, William Russell, lame^M Rus-
sell rV'on^'el!, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Scarl},
S'oie'v, Stiatton, John T Stuart, Tallaferio, Riehaid W
Ihonp on lacobThompson, Tiltinghast, loland, lomlinson,
Tiutnbul Van Kensbelaer, Wallace, Warren, Washington,
Thom.wW Wii'iams, Lewis Willitmi, Joseph L William*,
W.athrop. Wood, Yoike, and John Young—SS
Mr. GENTRY moved to reconsider this vote.
Mr. WELLER demanded the previous question
on this motion.
Without a division the demand for the previous
question wa? seconded, the previous question was
carried; and the main question on the reconsidera-
tion decided in. the negative,
Mr. CAMPBELL said this was a great national
festival—'he 8ih day of January. He therefora
moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. TRIPLETT said he hoped that they would
not adjourn from this very reason.
[Cries of "Order," "order."]
Before the question of adjournment was taken—
The SPEAKER said he had received certain
Executive communications which he wished to
present to the House. He then laid before the
House a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in obedience to law, a list of
contracts made fey the various branches of the
War Department for the past year.
Mr. STANLY asked if petitions were not in
order? and hoped they would go on with petitions.
He called the yeas and nays on the motion to ad-
journ.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and, being
taken, the question v/as decided in the affirmative:
as follows: Yess 116, nays 80.
The House then adjourned to Monday, at 12
o'clock.
Correction.—In our report of the proceedings
of the House of the 7th instant, unintentional in-
justice was done to Mr. Weller of Ohio, in rela-
tion to certain petitions presented by him, and we
hasten to remedy it, by publishing a correct state-
ment of what took place on that occasion.
Mr. Welle  presented several petitions from
a number of ladies of Butler county, Ohio, praying
that the 21st rule of the House may be rescinded.
Also, for the recognition of the independence of
Hayti. He also presented sundry petitions from,
some of the legal voters of said county, containing
the same prayer. He stated that as there was no
appropriate committee to which the first petitions
could be r ferred, he moved they lie on the table.
Carried. The other petitions were referred to tbe
Committee on Foreign Affairs. He also remarked
that he had a number of oiher petitions which
came within the rule of ¡he House, and he would
not, therefore, offer to present them.
Mr. Cowí-n said he had several petitions of this
kind, which, although he was unwilbng to occupy
the time of the House by the taking of yeas and
nays, he felt forced to present, to be disposed of as
the House thought proper. He then presented a
number of peLt.ons, which were sesre-aily rejected
or laid on ihe table.
Mr. Stinly asked if it was in order to move a
reconsideration of the \ote by which the petitions
preeented by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wel-
lee] were laid on the table. He merely called the
attention of the House to the fact that although the
gentleman had voted for the adoption of the 21st
rulf, he yet felt himself bound to present Abolition
etitions.
Mr. Weller said he had presented no petitions
which came within the rule of the House, but, on
tVe contrary, he had expressly declined doing'so.
He had felt it his duty to present the petitions he
had, .notwithstanding he was unwilling to grant
the prayer of the petitioners. He h.«d always
voted for the 21st rule, and he always exp-eted to.
He believed his constituents were perfectly satisfied
with his course; and h so, he trusted the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] would not
complain.
Mr. Stanly faid he wished it might be remem-
bered that gentlemen who belonged to the Whig
party, and were opposed to the 21st rule, who pre-
sented such petitions, were influenced by like con-
siderationr.
IN SENATE,
MoNnjy, January 10, 1842.
The PRESI DENT pro Urn laid before the Se-
nate a report from the Navy Department, in com-
pliance with ¡he act of 20'h April, 1818, enclosing
a list containing the names of the persons em-
ployed as clerks in thi Navy Department in 1841,
wuh the compensation of each.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, in answer to a resolution of the Se-
nate of the 28th ult. communicating a statement
of the imports and exports of gold and silver com
and buJlioa annually, and as far back as the re*
