C0HGBESSÍ0NA1* éLOBB.                    ,                     1U
from such de*ponte«; and if it could, nobody would
deposite money upon the terms proposed.
In regard to the issues proposed m the bill, Mr.
E. said this must be a matter of internal adminis-
tration on the part of the institution Tms would
prevent the evils pointed out by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan.] The Board of
Control sould make their issues where they would
largely favor the trade of the country, without at
all hazarding the institution itself. He could not
see the evils mentioned by Senators from the South
and Southwest. The Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Barrow] said there was a power in the propossd
Exchequer sufficient to crush the banks. The dif-
ficulty in his mind, was rather that die banks would
have more power than the institution There could
be no such evil as this The power was limited,
as to time, to thirty day1-, and all the powers were
to be regulá'ed and guarded
Again: it was said that this Board might sell a
bill of exchange for twelve month' Weil, who
would do this? What motive would they have' No
inducement, certainly, particularly when lh" effect
would be to give the Governmert the con'rol of the
money for twelve months without interest. All
these matters must be left to a Board of Control, to
be appointed by the Senate of ihf> United States,
and to be a matter of daily and hourly examina-
tion.
But Mr. E desired, as he said, not so much to
show the feasibility ol this plan, as to "how that it
was not liable to the objections named, or, if it was
liable, that the same objecticns might be used
against any institution.
The Senator from New Harrrshire [Mr Wood-
bury] objected to the issue of Treasury notes, unlets
in the form of borrowing mon<*y. They had been
recommended to u  by high authority as a cmrency,
and at a time not unlike the present—by President
Madison. After ihe tec1 asion of t!,? war, Mr Ma-
dison sa d lhat it was true ¡hat tne condition of
the National Tifsur/ wa such that the burdens
of taxation should be allevia ed, and by the esta
blishment of a unifoim cu rency It tni3, he said,
could not be dore in the form of State banks, it
devolved upon Congress to provide a substitute.
If this could not be done by State banks, or by a
^ National Bank, it became a matter of inquiry upon
motives of general poKcv, it the notes of the Ge-
neral Government should not be issued asa circu-
lating medium Congress, acimg upon the sugges-
tions of Mr Madison, established a Bank. The next
year, "for the inteieststf ths nation at large," it
was said by Mr. Malison to be the duty of Go
vernment for the sake 01 the com nuniiy, to e-ta-
blish a sound currency Tap Constitution, he
said, also had ti usted Congress exclusively with ih 
power of creating this currency for the people
We had, then, tbi* inducement now, (iaid Mr. E )
and the additional one of knowing that the Trea-
sury of the Government was bankrupt. The true
spirit and patriotic wisdom of the then President
pointed out this duty, and it was not until 1S37 that
the doctrine was advanctd that the Government
could do nothing for the cnrr ncj or the people
We were toid suddenly, when irse "cho of a sound
currency talked of had not passed from our ears,
thit the Government must be separated from the
people in its financial relations. Mr E contended
that we were bound to do something. If one
scheme would not do, we must try another We
must not cease action, eithT, und r the idea that
risks were hazaide^ We we bound alvo to do
something at this time, by this Goveimieit, even,
if necessary, to the creation of a em rency What
did we see around u ' Tne destruction of public
credit, the inability of 'he Government to bor-ow
money, and, a< he fe reí, even «h  depreciation of
Treasury note . How was it dur"ig the last war1
Treasury notes were dep eeiat d twenty per cent
But this was the bes* tu ng mat could be done in
the exigencies of ihe five
Who could tell what «oi.M oe the effects of re-
pudiation in the State ' Ti>° a t \\"s «aicied by
capitalists at «orne and abroad, ?s every act wa
here. Not the want of means but the want of a
disposition to apply our means, had lmpare1 our
credit here. What had led to the decline of State
stocks, but the conviction which seized the public
mind that no Government institution was to be
established? The two messages of the President,
returning the two fiscal bills passed by Congress,
had done much to accomplish this. The people
abroad and at home, observing that we were con-
tinually combating this question of the currency,
were alarmed. The Treasury had suffered from
this, and what was that condition? Precisgly the
picture presented now was the picture presented
for four successive years. The same tale had been
told that our expenditures exceeded our receipts.
Before, however, there had been reserved funds to
meet these deficiencies. We had been for years
expending more than we received, and thi3, m one
Word, was the entire difficulty.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr Woodbury] contended that the expenses
might have been met for the last year by a proper
economy on the part of the Government. This
could not be done, as Mr Evans made manifest by
a brief reference to the expenditures ard receipls
The Secretary computed the means of the year to
be equal to the expenditures. The actual means
were, in revenues, $16,472,000, and m a balance
on hand, $987,000. These, and some other re-
sources, made the actual receipts $18,199 000, from
all sources whatever. The expenses were $94,000,-
000, and this left a deficiency of six millions of
dollars Five millions in Treasury notes w>re re-
commended, and this left a million deficiency, and
the Secretary had told us that two millions should
always be left in the Treasury; this left a deficiency
ot three millions, and how would the Senator have
supplied this by bnng.ng more lands into the trar-
kef2 He knew but little of this, but he should like
to ask if there were any demands for land which
were not supplied. And were, then, the Treasury
embarrassments owing to the extra "-ession of Con-
gress? He though' not But one million and three
quale rs of the money appropriated at the extra ses-
sion had been taken from the Treasury.
Bes'des, by the laws of the extra session of Con-
gre«=, the Treasury had been s?ved from great de-
p etion in the form of drawbacks, and bv the im-
position of duties ¡n a new revenue bill The
amount drawn from the Treasury was not more
than one million beyond the additional receipts
placed there by the acts of the extra session of
C >ngre*s And v. ho, said Mr E would say aught
against those appropriations Many of ihe bills
had passed unanimously, and all were for great
and good objects Yet some gentlemen, who were
extremely eloquent here about difficulties with fo-
reign nations, were found calling the Government
to account for its expenditure , sometimes where
they had voted for Ihem. Tne receipts coming into
the Treisury for some years to cone, Mr E.
thought, could not be estimated at more than
$18,000,000, and was there, he asked, any reason
to suppose that we should be able to mike an im-
portation of $120,000,000—the amount whieh,
after June next, under the comprom.se l?w, would
be required to place this amount m the Treasury
Even such ■«n imprrtation would not b° saft for
the bus ness of the country, for the reason that our
exports an 1 imports should be made to corre ->nnd
as ' earH a \ os'-ibie Our average expor a' on ftr
some jears past was about $103,500 000. We
could irnpoit about $120 000,000 without a oi's
of spent, b cau=e American shipping was cm-
plo}ed in foreign ct mmerce t) the amoun of
abo it uventy-e ah' millions, and ihis retu'nel to
thecountiy m the s-uue of foieign lmporatio-is
Our expor's, Mr E thought, were likely to f 'l
sh rt for the coming ye r The stock of co tin
was larg^ la°t year, ard the quantity on hind wa 
lar?- The declme of one pennv a pound wen'd
be $12,000 000 and this would affect the leicouo
ve>-y considerably.
If then there was an importation fe the faw exil-
ing years equal to $18 000 000, he f°a-ed it wo jH
lead to an exportation of snpcie In this <-t¡>ie of
things, as n every r her aspecu we saw a p- ^ na
npre-.sny to do something Bes'des, St?te =toc
owned abroad were coming hack to mir Govern-
ment, and to be sold for what thev would bring
Piftv millions of these would probably he broi'gfc*
back thi present year, and these, sold at even 25
per cent, would have great effect upon the reve-
nues of the country. There was imminent danger,
therefore, unless something was done. But, not.
withstanding all this, we have been standing here
discussing abstract principles of Government, in-
stead of exerting ourselves to relieve the people.
This ought not to be a subject of party ilissensiotfs,
and it should be one on whieh we could and should
sacrifice all personal feelings. We were launched
in a common bark, and the ship of state was in
danger. For one, said Mr. E. I shall give my at-
tention to this subject independent of any, party
considerations, not because it will help the Ad-
ministration, lor I know not that I owe any thing
to that, but because I hope to draw from it some-
thing which will establish a sound and uniform cur-
rency, and relieve the people. Nor do I oppose
or support this plan because of its origin I regard
it independent of any such claims or considera-
tions. It becomes us to make an effort for some
institution, the best we can get, in order to obtaia
anything. Thecomprom.se act, which we looked
upon almost as sacred as the Constitution itself,
was a mat er of concession. We must give up
points of minor character; and, while he would
call upon no one to surrender constitutional scru-
ples—to abandon their ground—to many present
there were no such scruples, none in the way of
relief.
Nobody supposed the Sub-Treasury system
would be now revived, or the deposite bank sys-
tem, or a National Bsnk, be established. What,
then, should we dol For one, he should not de-
nounce a plan which came 10 accomplish the ob-
jects wh ch were obvious in this plan He saw
their an honest purpose to accomplish a great good,
and he would try to adopt the good and to «hun the
evil No scheme could be dovistd so perfect that
it would not be liable to objections. He would
take the best gool he could ge—-the best to save the
ro u tr —the be^t m the present emergency. And
if, «aid Mi Evams, we woald disregard iren and
look at the plan beiore us in this light, good sense
and patriotism, wisdom and publ.c virtue, would
soon lead us to fird in^f the genius r-i something
beneficial to all If this cou'd not be done, he
should think this Government of emra afforded far
less security *o pubhc virme and public liberty thaa
he had hitherto regarded it did But if we would
bok to the Gove nment with thi-, single and sole
purpose, we might be able to accomplish the good
desired
Mr. Y/OODBURY said he rose merely to cor-
rect one or two errors of firt into which the Sena-
tor from Maine had inadvertently, it was pre-
«urri-d, fallen.
Tne lands hal yielded near one and a half mil-
lions, without the u-ual public ad-rerli'fment and
sa'es since the 4th of March last. The gentleman
thinks t^efe is no fact to show that much more
would have been realize' from them if Koverusc-
ments had been made. But he forge s that if i.cw
and large tiac s hod oeen advertise 1, all the pie-
empti n cla mant rn the'racts offere 1 woidd have
Ixtn obhg'd to yay for them, ard ?ll me new cm-
gron's, vho tiAve now gone to old speculators and
bought bei"' ^elected trpct , could have mad? se-
1 - ions oj he n-w Tacts, and thus ñom one to
two mill cos more have proDab y been received
Iron the so'e of lands
The Senator ens also n his dafa as to expenses
ccn"ectt 1 \nt-i tho redemption of Treasui/ notes,
am ¡"ids to lue real expenses of th<  jear on ac-
<•-> nt of th° redemption of Trea ury note>, one or
two mdl ins, whieh are only nomina', because
ti,,,, f o experse* cu^ed b> redeeming old with
ne v note , <snd then pgam tho<e new ones wi'h
oth rs, Mthin the ve?' Tin, cfecurse, cosis
ro ' ner, i d makes no real adlition to actual
1 md-ns o tie yea , though it swells them tech-
n c?!iy rn ihe regt tei'a books He and many
otb-rs, «ould escape ctnfusienand error bj kepp
m? 'he exp tis si'currcd for crJmar> ob/ctsen
tie f « r^rate 'rot  the Treasury i ot^s They
will tien find, that L?d those exp ns s Ven but
twenty millions m 1-841, and had the dues from
barks been collected, and lanes a ver i*edas usual,
every dollar would proball, ha^e been paid
wiih'n 164!, and no addition marte to the ameunt
: of Treasury notes out on the fouuh. of March l?s'.
