Eat objections being mad?, the resolution was
not received
Mr. LOWELL presented the depositions of
Aaron L. Raymond, Richard Tinker, Charles
Hatchings, and thirty-two other?, to be used in
support of his right to a seat as the Representative
of the district of Hancock and Washington, Maine.
Also, certified copies of sundry papers and records
in Ihe office of ¡he Secretary ot State at Augusta,
Maine, for the same object; which were referred
to th« Committee of Elections.
Mr. BARNARD asked the unanimous c:nsent
of the House to make a report from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. Mr B. said he wished to
introduce the bill that it might be printed and laid
on the tables of members (or their examina'ion.
Objected to.
The SPEAKER then announced Ihe next order
of business to bi. ihe presentation of petitions and
memorials, under the suspension of the rule of the
7th instant.
The SPEAKER then called for petitions and
memorial-;, commencing, wnere the call was sus
pended on a former day, witb the State of Ken-
tucky. They were presented by the following gen-
tlemen, and were approoriately referred:
Kentucky. Messrs. UNDERWOOD, TRIP-
LETT, POPE, and SPRIGG.
Tennessee: Messrs. ARNOLD, TURNEY,
WATTERSON, C. JOHNSON, C. H. WIL-
LIAMS, CARUTHERS, and MILTON BROWN.
[Mr. Cave Johnson presented the petition cf
Hugh Johnson, asking a petition as an invalid, for
wounds received in the last war. Also, of Ed-vin
Hickman, administration of John P. Hickman,
asking the settlement of his accounts as quarter-
master in the campaign against 'hs Florida Indians.
Also, resoluions passed by a meeting of ihe citizens
of Memphis, askin* ihe es'ablishrrieni cf an armo-
ry at Memphis; which were icfeired to the appro-
priate committees. J
Georgia: Messrs. WARREN, HABERSHAM,
GAMBLE, and MERIWETHER.
[Mr. Meriwether gave notice of leave to in-
troduce two bills, viz: a bill to amend the act for
the more equiable administration of the navy pen-
sion fund, ana a bill to reduce the present military
establishment of the United Stales ]
Smith Carolina: M ssrs PICKENS, J  CAMP-
BELL, and also by the latter for Mr, Holmes, who
was absent from indisposition.
■   North Carolina: Messrs McKAY, WILLIAMS,
STANLY WASHINGTON, and GRAHAM.
Virginia: Messrs. GOGGIN, HOFKINS, BAR-
TON, SUMMERS, POWELL, STEENROD,
MALLORY, HARRIS, STUART, TALIAFER-
RO, and SMITH.
[Mr. Hopkins presented the petition of John
Carroll and 135 other citizens of Grayson county,
Virginia, praying for the establishment of a post
route from Christiansburg to Hillsville, in the State
of Virginia; which, upon his motion, was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. H also presented the petition of sundry ci-
tizens of North Carolina and Virginia, praying the
establishment of a post route from Jefferson, in the
former, to Marion, in the latter State; which,
upon his motion, was referred to the appropriate
committee.
Mr. H. also presented the petition of Sally Mc-
Craw, of Grayson county, Virginia, praying the
passage of a law to place her name on the pension
roll, in consideration cf the services of her deceased
husband in the war of the Revolution; which,
upon his motion, was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions ]
[Mr. Harris presented th« petition of John
Monroe, of Warren county, Virginia, asking com-
pensation for a wagon and team which were de-
stroyed by the Indians in Florida, in 1839, the £aid
wagon and team, at the time they were destroyed,
being in the service of the United States army.]
[Mr. Stkenrod presented the petition of a large
number cf citizens of the United States, asking an
appropriation for the construction of a bridge
across the Ohio river at the city of Wheeling. He
said this petition had been in his possession for
some days, but he was not able before to present it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in order. He also said he had received a petition
from a large number of citizens of Wheeling, ask-
ing that ire Bankrupt law might be amended to
embrace corporation?; but as the bill to repeal this
law had yesterday parsed this House before he
- couid present this petition, he would withhold it,
and send it to the Senate j
[Mr. Goggin presented the petition of Wm.
Wmgfield, of the county of Franklin, Virginia,
praying for a pension.
He also offered Ihe following resolution, stating
th.it many vexatious delays to pensioners in the
collection uf their claims grew out of the provisions
of the law as it now iiands. Objection was made
to the resolution, and it could not therefore be
acted on, petitions only being in order:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of changing or re-
peating the law of April 6th, IS3S, ("requiring pensions unclaim-
ed for eight months to be returned to the Treasury,) so as to
authorize the payment of such pensions when demanded at the
several pension agencies.]
Maryland: Messrs.SOLLERS, MASON, KEN-
NEDY, WILLÍA.MS. and JOHNSON/
Drlaiswe: Mr. RODNEY.
Pennsylvania: Mersrs. TOLANO, PLUMER.
and HENRY.
[M'\ HENRY presented a petition from citizens
of Pennsylvania, against limiting or impairing the
constitutional right of petition, and praying that
petitions for ihe abol.tion of slsveiy may be placed
on ihe «ame foo ing o« allolhe'i.     '
Mr. H. moved tb.3 reference oí the peti'ion to a
select committer.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL moved to lay the petition
on the tab'e.
Mr. LSXj'í asked the yeas aod nays; which wore
ordered, and, be'ng taken, weie as follows:
YfiA-S—Messrs. Lamtaff W. Andrews, Barton, Bid'ack,
Boyd, A V. Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, Wm. Butler, Wil-
liam O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, John
Campbell, Wil lam B CampbJl, Thorn is J. C'arnpoeil. Ca-
ruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Coles, Cross, Gairett Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Debe.-ry, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Charles
A. Floyd, Foniauce, Goggin, Goidon, Green, Gwln, Haber-
sham, Harris, Hays, Hoack, Houston, IJuhard, Hunter, Charles
J Ingersoll, J. R. Ingersol!, Jack, Wiiliam Cost Johnson,
Keim, Lewis, Abraham McCtellan, Robert McClellan, Mat-
lory, Marchand, Thomas F. Marshall, John Thompson Mason,
Mathews, Medd', Meriwether, Miller, Moore, Newhard, Par-
tridge, Payne, Pierce, Pickens, Pope, Powell, Promt, Itayuei,
Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders, Shaw,
Shields, ¡so-llers, Spring, Stanly, Stecnrod, John T. Stuart,
Summers. Hweney, Taliaferro, R. W. Thompson, Triplett,
Tutney, Van liuren, Wallace, Washington, Walterson, Welter,
Westbrook, Jarres W Williams, Lewis Willioms, and C. H.
Williams—93
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Aycngg, Babcock, Bakei, Barnaid, Birdseye, Boardman,
Borden, Brewster, Brigg^, Brockway, Bronson, Jeremiah
Brown, Burnell, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley
N. Clarke, Cowen, Cranston, Gushing, Richard D. Davis, Doig,
Everett, Ferris, Fillmore, John G. Floyd, A. Lawrence Foster,
Gates, Glddings, Patrick G Goode, Granger, Gustine. Halsted,
lieniy, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, James Irvin, Wm. W. Irwin,
James, Andrew Kennedy, Lawrence, Linn, Lowell, Alfred
Marshal!, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, May-
nard, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Ramsey, Ridgway, Wm. Rus-
sell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall, Santord, ^imonton, S'ade,
Truman Smith, Tillmghast, Tomlmson, Trumbull,Underwood,
Van Rensselaer, Thomas W. Williams, Wmthrop, Yorke,
Augustus Young, and John Young—76.
So the petition wss laid on the lable ]
Pennsjlvania: Messrs. MARCHAND, W. W.
IRWIN, BIDLACK, and JAME3.
[Mr. JAMES presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania m relation to certain alleged viola-
tions of the Constitution in the freedom of speech
and of the pies's, &a. &a-
The question of reception was raked by Mr.
WISE.
And a motion was mads by Mr. HOPKINS to
lay ihe petition on the table.
Mr. JAMES atked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 83,
ntys 73.
So the r.e'iii- n was laid on the table.
Mr. JAM38 also presented anothtr petition,
pr-iyirg C-icgreíS to loo'.: into the law-s of the Dis-
tad and Territories, and repeal every th-na there-
in inconsistent with the Declaratio i of Indepen-
dence, and the principle of doing to others as we
would have others do to n<, &c.
Th  question of reception was raised by Mr.
WiSE, and a motion to lay it on the table.
Mr. J. asked the y«as and nays; which were
ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 82, nays 76.
So the petition was laid on the table.]
Pennsylvania:  Messrs, C.  J.  INGERSOLL,
__________     tffl
BEESOnTiRVíN, LAWRENCEf cTbrOWN  "
FORN ANCK, and J. R. INGERSOLL, COOPER,
and PLUMER.
[Mr. Forsance presented a memorialfromoneof
his constituents relative to the proposed revision of-
the'tariff.   The following is an extract froa  ¿he..
memorial:                                                                      , ■
"I have, as you know, always been opposed to a high tarín/
I can speak from experience of twenty years as a 'cotton spin,
nerandcotton cloth manufacturer. Minimum duties, at a fixed
low value, would be the most equal m every port of entry, anil
the Iea3t subject to false invoices and perjury at our custom.,
houses. I wouldbe witling to fix the valuation at one-half the
old standard, (say at 13 cents the square yard instead of 30
cents, the old standard,) on all plain, brown, or bleached muslin,
on which valuation I should fix the duty permanently at20.per
cent, instead oí 25 per cent, as formerly.
'1 would fix the mioimum price or value of all twilled,
stained, painted, prints or colored cotton goods at 20 cents the,
square yard, and afixed duty of 20 per cent, on that price. This
would enable our calico printers to fairly compete with Euro-
pean labor, and the capitalist could go ou to make the finer fa-
bacs, whilst the poorer manufactura' would be able to make
the coarser and more common fabric. These are my candid
views. I now run, at Nornstown, upwards of eleven thousand
spindles in my cotton works, andone hundred and thirty power
looms. If Í were to weave all the yarn I spin, it would pro-
duce 12,000 yaidsofcalico muslin pei d;y, and consume anrm-
ally about 15C0 bales of cotton.
''And now permit me to saya word on the subject of cur-
rency. I am clearly of opinion that alt large moneyed powers
are at variance with the industry, frugality and. the virtu-
uu& inlegi ¿ty of the country. Theyinllate the currency, en-
courage luxury, and foster extravagance in dress and furniture,
which impoverishes the consumer at home whilst it enriches
the producer abroad. I never could give my consent to any
moneyed power todea!in foreign exchanges, anymore than!
would permit them to become importers or manufacturers. In
a word, 1 would cever grant to acoiporatiou to do what every
individual has the liglu to do L-t the meichant ship our pro-
duce abroad and draw his bi'lagalils! his shipment. This is the
plain, simple, old fashioned way oi doing business, before bank
>winillsis pepped m to put down individual enteiprise 3ndmo-
nnuo!i7.>'d nil the exchanges oi our now bleeding, prostrate, yet
boloved counny.
"P. 8. Repeal the 'ox post facto' ¡aw of the late session, the
unjust Bankiupt law."
Mr FORNANC2 fid that, i a presenting this
letur o.' Hvsnorial, he b-d no r-.c^ita'ion in saying
it wa; fjl! ¡: truth; '.htit it coat.-.mel many impor-
tant facts and opinions, that would be responded to
by a large portion of all parties in his district; that
it Mms trom one xviio-v, experience and attention
to the manufacture of cotton, had made him fami-
liar with the vints and mteiests of that portion of
the pfople. This rnetiorial proposes to reduce,
rather than increa-e, tlr-duty upon muslin. Mr.
F. said he did not wish so be understood to say,
that this rneisorial prt posed >o reduce the duties
below what they would be next July; for, under the
home valuation, it wp.s very unc.-rtiin what the
duty would be; bit tho raeinorií-.ii^t proposed re-
du.'inj the dut'; m'i"U be!o.<; what it is now. The
memorial Ihos disproves and denies what has been
assorted so often in this House, "that 'he manufac-
turers from the North have been here, from 1816
to the pre:-2i!t time, demanding more protection "
This memorial disproves such charges, and goes to -
show that the interest of our manufactures demands
that we should not lf.i-.laie for them, inttead of
begging Congress to ligflate for them.
This memorial shows s'ill failherths infiuence
tha' Government exchange r°gul¡vors will always
have upon the labor of tin.- emmr,'. Trinis an
opm'ors, ii is true, bin it i-" the opinion of a piaeti-
ca! and Uiink'ng m.xa, wh..se long and devoted at-
tention to buiintss has un p.hi Urn the evils of an
inflated currency, the para'yzii g i £f-;ct of bloated
exchange. Th's mem : ¿1 coatait.s truths thit ¡e-
gMators wili have t > lo ¡re, wh;c they come from
the pen of such person.) .i.- the uulhor of this letter.
It is to be hoped toat ether ¡a-nufacturers, farmers,
and tnech-nlc, v.il bear .e-'.anony before this
House to toe sai.-.j gr,-r.s truths.
Th* meiiiorisl was ^feu to. to "he Committee on
Manufacture-j, and oideitd to be printed ]
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
[Mt. J. P.- 1NGSRS0LL ofTe-cd a petition
asiinstt'ie icptsl of the Bankrupt ¡aw; which pe-
tition he ir.ovtd io r-fer to 'he Committee on the
Ju'ltciary, ' ■ h n.pUcctiois to inquire into the ex-
pe-i-ency of reporting a bill to establish a uniform
i-ys:eia of bankruptcy throughout the United
States, in which ¡lie imperfections of the act of
August 19,1841, may beconscted andi tsdeaeiea-
cies supplied.
Mr. I. moved the pre-vioiis question,
And there was a second-
