.   *>g^T>^y   ^ÍT^r™1^
CONGRESSIONAL «¿JLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
,                                         .........■   ......n,i_____                 ,i   11 
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
T—'------'----------------------------------------------------------------■-----------■---------------------------------
MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1842.
Volume 11 •«•No. 10.
—————----------------------------------------------,------------------------—- ■.....«^
Continued from No. 9.
The memorial of H. B. Green and 44 oiher citi-
zens of said county and Slate, containing a like re-
monstrance.
The memorial of Hugh McDonnell and 43
others, citizens of Hamsburg, in said Common-
wealth, containing a like remonstrance.
The memorial of Joseph A. Bonnell and 75
other ciiizsas of note western Pennsylvania, praying
asufficient appropriation of money to repair and
complete the works already in progress of con-
struction at the harbor of Ens, on Lake Erie, in
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
T'e memorial of Town Council and citizens of
Erie, in Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation
for the improvement and immtdiate repair of
Presque Isle harbor.
The papers of William Putnam, a soldier of the
ate war, praying for relief.
IN SENATE.
Wbdnbsday, January 19, 1842.
Memorials remonstrating against the modifica-
tion, postponement, and repeal of the Bankrupt
law, were presented by Mes=rs. EVANS, TALL-
MADGE, BUCHANAN, MANGUW, and
CLAY, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
the Chamber of Commerce of New York, asking
certain modifications  r amendments of the Bank-
rupt law,
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial praying
the repeal of the Bankrupt law.
Mi. BUCHANAN prssented a petition from ci-
tizens of Philadelphia, asking for a repeal of the
B-mkrupt law, unless certain amendments be made
thereto m accordance wi>h the opinions of the pe-
titioners.
Mr. BENTON presen'ed a petition from the
city of New York, piaying that the Bankrupt law
iiis.y be repealed.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition from citizens
of Ohio and Virginia, piaymg that an amendment
may be made to the Bankrupt law, lscluding all
incorporated bodies, and especially bank* and
bankers, whether incorporated or not. Thes'gners
to i' e memorial, he said, were among the most re-
spetable ci izens- of the United States, if (he law
was unconstitutional, it was for the wait of that
"im'ormity which the Constitution contemplated.
One class itere excepted by ihe law of the last ses-
Mon: that is the b<tnks. So long, therefore, as that
cla sare excepted, there cannot be the uniformity
whi"h ic. so desirable, and which, by the Constitu-
tion, is indispensable. To Make the act eonfor-
mib'e to the Cons'itu ion, all clashes must be in-
cluded: referted to the Jadictary Committee.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Isaac
Davenport, praying remuneration for the Revolu-
t onary services of his father: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the petition of
Com. Chail s Ridgley was ordered to be taken
from the file1! of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affatrs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from ci-
tizens of northwestern Pennsyl/an-a. prating Con-
gress to make an appropriation to improve the har-
bor of Erie, and cany on the woiks which have
been already commenced, ind which will be de-
stroyed if no appropriation be made for that pur-
pose: refptred to the Commi'tee on Comm-rce.
Mr KING presented the joint resolution of the
Lejis'ature of Alabama, asking that Congress
may establish certain po t routes in lhat Stat?,
which, he observed, was a matter of threat impor-
tance so far as regarded the iniercouise between
different sections of Alabama, referred to the Com-
mit'ee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
L%nd«t, to which the subject had been referred, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas M. Jrett;
which was read, and ordered to be printed.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Al-
len on Monday last, was taken up for considera-
tion:
Resolved, Thatthe Secretary oftheTreasury be directed to
inform the Senate, as soon as practicable, whether, in his opi-
nion, the Government can, m tbe present exigency of its finan-
cial affairs, be carried on without either recalling to its service
the revenue derived from the sales of the public domaio, and
which, by an existing act, is set apart foi distribution to the
States, or without drawing from the people, in addition to then
present taxes, an amount equal to that revenue; and m conse-
quence of its distribution, by means of increasing the taxes
now levied upon them m the form of tariff duties ; or, by im-
posing a new and direct tax upon them; or, by borrowing upon
their credit, m the form of direct loans, or of Treasury notes,
tobe paid eventually out of their labor and property And if,
in his opinion, the Government cannot be so carried on,
without thus lecallmg the land revenue, or increasing the taxeb,
or the loans toan amount equal to that revenue; and, incon-
sequence of its distribution, then which of those alternatives
will, m his opinion, be the most economical to the people 4tbe
recall of that revenue, the taxes, or the loans'* Also, that he be
directed to lay before the Senatethe estimates and the reasons
upon which such hu opinions may be founded.
Mr. EVANS said he would like to hear from the
Senator who submitted the resolution, what parti-
cular informatiomhe wished to call for which had
not been already communicated to Congress in the
annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury and
other documents from the Departments. AH that
the Secre'ary could report in compliance with the
refoluiion, was substantially to be found in that re-
port. Unless the Senator wished a repetition of the
information which was in it, he saw no use for ths
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ALLEN remarked that he would like the
Senator from Maine to refer to that part of the an-
nual report cf the Secretary of the Treasury, or
other documents from the Departnv nt, which in-
formed Congress whether it was more economical
to divide the money received from the public land ,
and to tax the people to supply the deficit occasion-
ed m the: Treasury thereby, or to retain those pro-
ceeds from the public laudj in the Treasury to
carry on the operations of the Government, a"d to
omit the additional taxation oh the people. That
was his answer to the Senator.
Mr. EVANS replied lhat the object of (he resolu-
tion seemed to be to call on the Secretary for hi*
opinion. He saw no necessity foi it, and moved
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. ALLEN hoped lhat that would not be done,
as he desned to have an opportunity to make a few
remarks upon the subject.
Mr. EVANS would,  then, withdraw   his m
tion.
Mr. ALLEN, in reply, read from the Jaw defin-
ing the duties of the Secretary of the Treasmy, in
wh'ch it declared that he is to report lo  Coneress
full information in relation to the condition of the
public finances.    He observed that  (he Secretory
of the Treasury is charged specially  by the law
wi*h lhat branch of the public service; and he is
supposed to be officially in a position  to furnish
that information which will give Corgre00, the mo't
accurate knowledge of the public finances and re-
sources    To say that the Secretaiyof the Tua-
sury is no more competent to express an opinion
on  the subject of   finances and   re*ouree«   'h"n
Congress, is to say nothing at all.    Corgress is as
competent to pa«s judgment on what is b-fore it, m
the Secretary of the Treasury.   Yet the same Gon-
pre^s   wlrch  passed the  act   defining his  duty,
thought it necessary to require him to inform Con-
gress fully oí the condition of'he finances,    ft his
been always the practice of  Congress to  call for
fueh information as this    No later  than hst ses-
s "n  toe Senator from Kentucky submitted a reso-
lution ral'ing on the Secretary of tbe Treasury for
certain information, and requiring   an expression
of orumen.   It wat not necessary to read tha' re-
solution as an illustration.   Tbe present resolution
can do no hsrm—none wha'ever.     It is  right
and proper   that   tLe people should know   the
exact s'ate  of  the finances now, and  what  is
is likely to be the state of the finances in time to
come.   It is right they should know this from the
high authority to which they have committed such
an important trust,   If it were under his. adyice,
that any friend of his made a moion to interdicta
resolution which asked his information and opi-
nion, and his statement of facts for Congress, n*
should blush for the Secretary of the Treasury.
If he could bring himself to think lhat it was with,
his sanction any one on the floor could make such
a motion, he would blush for him. What he, (Mr.
Allen,) and those with whom he coincided in opi-
nion, wanted, was information as to the real effect
of the Distribution act, from the authority at whose
bands the people had a right to expect official iii-
formation. He and his friem's had said from tbe
beginning, and he and they now intended to prove,
that, according to this odious act, the whole and
sole object, as the effect demonstrates, is to lay a
new tax on the people. This would be proved on
the originators of that measure, and let them
stand before the country on the result in its true
colors.
From what he had heard of the Secretary of the
Treasury, not from any thing he had seen—for he
believed he should not know him if he met him—
but from what he had heard, it was his opinion ¿hat
he, at least, would not shrink from this inquiry.
He firmly believed he would give a clear and satis-
factory statement in reply to this resolution, if the
inquiry were permitted to go to him, even though
his statement should throw a dark cloud over that
mass of measures which were consummated at the
extra session.
[Here a message was received from the House
of Representatives, communicating that tbe House
had adjourned as a tribute of respect for the death
of the Hon. Davis Dimmock, jr. a member from
Pennsylvania.]
These were the reasons why he and his friends
sought for the information required by the resolu-
tion. They wanted to get the facts out, and to
ascertain from the head of the Treasury Depart-
ment whether or not, if the Land Distribution act go
into effect, i* wil be necessary, in consequence of
that distribution, to the amount of the money dis-
tributed, to increase taxaticn, or supply the defi-
ci'^cy thus occasioned by borrowing, or oiher
means inducing new taxation. This was what
they wanted to know upon the authority of the
Secretary of ihe Tieasury. They wanted to know
from him, if this distribution is made, whether the
Government can get along without other resources
in its stead, and not, whether the resources to sup-
ply lis place are not eventually to be met by fresh
taxation. To this there could be no reasonable
objection. If there was, he should like the Sena-
tor from Maine to put it in a more tangible form*
than he had yet done.
Mr. EVANS said he was not satisfied, from
what the Senator b.-id, that there was necessity for
the parage of the resolution. He could look over
and examine the documents, and see what was the
condrion of tbeTrea 'icy. lie presumed that Sena-
tors were well able to comprehend, from the fac's
lyfore them, the condition of the Snances of the
Government, without the opinions of the Secretary
oí the Treasury. He d"'d not deny the right of ihe
Senate to call on tbe Departments for information
o* facts, hut he believed the power was exhausted
mere—that no rght elated to extort opinions. He
renewed the motion to lay on the able.
Mr ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays on
th  motion to'ay the resolution on the table.
Mr. RIVES (ths motion to lay on the table being
Withdrawn tct the purpose) rcmatked that he would
vite again-l the resolution, not because it called for
information, fiom the Secretary, (which from policy
should be withheld,) but because it proposed to
elicit an. argumentative report. That was hw rea-
son for voting against it. Bat, at the same time,
be mended, if no other Senator did, to propose a
resolution calling for additional information from
the Secretary, upon the subject of the financial con-
d.Uon of the Government.                         _
Mr. KING suggested the propriety of withdraw-
ing the motion for the yeas and ¡ia>s, and let the
resolution be laid on the table for the present, and,
