146
CONGRESSIONAL Gt,OM.
it could then be taken up at pleasure, and amended
to suit the wishes of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives,] so as to make it simply a call for informa-
tion. To efiect that obiee , the resolution eoald he
on the taole till to-morrow.
Mr. ALLEN said he would modify the part of
the resolution which seemed to be objectionable 'o
the Senators on the other side, by striking out the
•words "his reasons " that would do away with any
objection.
Mr EVANS was not satisfied with that, and re-
marked that it would be quite as easy to adopt such
resolution as the Senator from Virginia might here-
after introduce, and persisted in his motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. ARCHER made some remarks in opposi-
tion to the resolution, which were not distinctly
heard.
The yeas and nays having been ddered on the
motion to lay the resolution on the table, the qats
tion was put, and decided ia the affirmative—jeas
24, nays 17, as follow*
YEAS—Vessrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bay
ard, Berrien, Choaie, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntingtm,
Mangum, Mernek, Miller, Phalps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, and White—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, M >uton,
Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Williams, Woodbury, and Young—17.
On motion of Mr. KING, a petition praying re-
muneration for property destroyed by (he Seminole
Indian?, wat, ordered to b<" iakei from the files,, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr KING submitted a resolution as follows
Resolved That the Postmaster General be and he is hereby,
directed to re examine the case ofGeoige Whitman, aeon
tractor for carrying the ma ¡ from Motile to New Orleans, and
maite to luí i feuc tallowa ice abinaybeij tandpioper
Mr K'NG- made orne remarle, •-howing the
justness of t'ie ciaira, which he sii] would b rea
dily sett'cJ by the pie ent Postma ter G neral, if it
were rot f"r the opinion of the Me A >crney Ge-
ney Genenl wh ch has establ shed ire preceu nt
that one Auli'Oi or oth r officer of !e G>vern-
ment had the right tore-audit the acccunts of a
predecessor, turnout Ih  authority of Congrí
This resol ut on p-oposed to fi e -,uch authority
The Po'troas' r General in hi  biter to tae movci,
acknowledged that there was some km' due to the
person named in th- resolution, and showc! his
willingness >o safe *he sam", li it were not for th 
precedent estab .shed by the opinion of the Attor
ney General
Mr. PHELPS remarked that if the resolution
was adopte 1, it wou'd be corclnsi/con the mi ter
He was in tavrr of r rerrti>g th" snbjec' t0 <be
Committee on the Post Office and Pi st Roads fo'
  examination, ?n\ if they found th->t there was me
nt in the eve * resMui on coal I be leported by the
committee referring i> to the Postmaster General
for adjustment
Mr KING t narked that there was no rorro
versy about tie claim    The Postmaster General
b heved it iu>   but is> pr\ n bi ed by  iv e opinion of
the Attor ey G nc-i' fom ri. era run r¡¿  thp ac-
count , an i re adju-uing ih  c'a m
Mr ARCfiER was in fr /or of re"er m  th"- re-
solution to the cj Tim ej p o jioM, on (he pound
that if tie resolution Wcspassel in itsprcent form
it woul' opérate as a i a-,  op utwn  of u on }
M   Klr.Gr rep' <•'                    a        *  ,    wtu „
not
The rero u n va> ihen r f xt-\ 'o the Co*nrci -
tee on to.   Po t PfTW <md Po t P iid 
The a ¡ver e rep rs(ft eC n   i t<-e  on  Pen
sions on the p ti ion-     Mai   Goj ', D ni IP c
?nd Geo s" J    i ' i, weie s  /*ial y   tp'   n  up  f
n f nwi «p i   tr « w o'=>   i   ' co-'ci'ie 1 in
Mr HENOSRSON' f a tie C unlearn
Private I^rl Oil ii,        re     a k  to   he S La'i,
withoat ara icV     , *     b 1 fo  t!-   re ijf of 7>1
lenan Allan
Mr PHI LPS nade a " *io  "s*bttuie aro-
¡her Senator on the Co msai >e oí RtvoiU i ary
Claims m the p'aee of Mr Cutkber^, who has
not yet ppoetred in his seat in t¡-e Senile, w! i h
After some remarks by Messrs   PHELP ', TER
RIEN, KING, and MANGUM, as to the proprie-
ty of appointing an additional member on the
committee for the present, and -waiting the arrival
of the Sen-stor from Georgia, and by Mr BEN-
TON and PIERCE on the propriety and justice of
abohshing the entire committee to pievent action
on the mass of fraudulent claims before the com-
mittee, the question was put, and the Prksident
pío tern was authorized to appoint a substitute for
the Senator from Georgia.
The Senate proceeded to coaster, as in commit-
tee of the whole, (he following 1 ill úém the House
of Representatives, for the usui of Wreasury note?:
Be it enacted, %c That the Preside t of «e United States is
hereby authonzed to cause Treasury i Mesjfo be issued and re
issued in place of those redeemed, foi sbchium or sums as the
exigencies of the Government may reqijire/but not exceeding
thesum of five millions of dollarsof tint emission outstanding
at any one time, ind to be issued under mi limitations of othei
provisions contained 11 the act entitled "M act to authorize the
issuing of Treasury notes " approved th| twelllh of Ocober,
one thousand eight hundred and thirty befen, except that the
authority hereby given to issue Treasury notes shall expire at
the en \ ofoneyeai from the passage of this act Piowded,
That the amount of Treasury notes which may be issued under
authority of this act shall be deemed and taken in lieu of so
much of the loan authorized by the act of July twenty fi st, one
thousand eight hundred and forty one
This bill was reported from the Comm ttee on Fi-
nance, with the following amendments, v z: to strike
out after the word "issued," the words "reissued
in place of those redeemed," and to insert after the
word "require" the words "and in place of such of
the same as may be redeemed, to cause others to
be issued "
Theo  amendment', Mr. EVANS remarked,
were but verbal, and were recsmmended by the Fi-
nance Committee under ths belief that, if the bill
was passed as returned from the House, it might
be construed to compel the reissue of the particular
notes redeemed, which would cause great trouble,
instead of a reissue of new notes.
Tb^se amendments were agreed to without op-
position
The next amendment i«portee! by the Finance
Committee wa«, to s nke out the proviso in the
followms words
Provided That the amount of Treast ry notes which may
be issued un ler authoi uy of this act shall be deemed a id taken
in lieu of so much of the It an au h n ized by [he act of twenty
fust lul)   oneti ousiidei^it hun lrt>dand forty o e
Mr EVAN'S sp^-te at great length Hpon the
important amendment to strike from the House b 11
the proviso deducting the amount of Tr< a ury
no es authorized by the bill before the Senate, from
the amount authorized by the Loan bill at th  ex
tra ses ion of Congress, M" E took occasion to
state whit wis th<> condition of the Treasury, and
the neee sities '?n ch di'imnde! the passage of th"
b,l'.
Mr E said the amendment was to str ke out the
proviso of the Hou=e, and to issue fire millions of
Treasury no es instead of five milli msof the loan
a ..thor zed at the estri se^i n of Con res-. Mr.
E =a d, so tbn h"re he would rrale a brief ex-
planat on of the condition 0f theTe&sury, which
had made this bill necessary On the fint of Janu-
rv, the deficit in the Treasury uras #f00,000 No
thing had bpen done since th< n io relieve i , buf, on
the contrary, app'onria'ions have been made wh eh
had nr eased tne demand to such an extent that
th  Treasury was row m want of one mi lion of
dol'ar  io m et press,ng,and da ly de - aids Dur-
ing the fits q„<.rter ot tms year the uc ipis into
theTieasu-y w 1 not b° sufficient, by more than
three million? o dollar-, lo meet h demands of
the Dernrtment     Besides this    advirces at this
-r>>pr tob- r" dc o the " n' on Agent-,, and
othershav ng deninds upon ih"> r e   urj
It is no^ nearly a Tear since (sa d Mr E/ans)
t^a , nh"otir br?irh of Compréis, í a^it "a cd
a i s ie of T e rv no ts I h d ai r >j- c on
u th m then ps í h'vi i iw ^rj sU ained i'er
l^ ue, as J d notv only fir-n íhv rt"a^ ty oí !m
ci e Tre ea 1 f r Ih m now sh uV n t o™ re-
pa <*ed i an > o ! -r 1 ^ th?u ss a j re 51 •■ 111
i ra\oi!?h e nee s t> As to th° ehai?c e rfth-,
l^sue, my o-imKis have not ciane'l lhal'op"d
tTat   the   Trci ury notes 'ast  suiho  zer1           \
1 a- o b n tne lis . No ' u d ti e v o e,i
called for, as is well krow h , i th Lo n h 11
had been earned out Cite motanes, i h ch it
was not nov. ;o-th whle to consider, nad pr--
enied th-" neg ia >on of that loan    The saiic
urgent circumstances were now the cause of this
call fi r Treasury notes, with the exception that the
Treasury was in a wor'e conditm now than it was
then—a million of dollars being then in the Trea-
sury, with power al=o to issue Treasury notes to re-
lieve the necessities of the Department.
Tms bill, then, piopssed to authorize an inde-
pendent issue of Treasury no'es, still leaving six
millions and a half to be "ejoüatrd of the lean of
twelve milhons authorized by Congress. The con-
dition of the Treasury at the end of the year weuld
be [Mr. Evans thought] such as to require both
the loan and the issue of Treasury notes The
year woul' place in the Treasury from all sources
whatever the following receipts
From customs, - - - #19,000 000
Miscellaneous,        -       -       -              150 000
Treasury notes,     -      -       -                50,000
Making the resources from all sources, §19,200,000
Was ih s estimate too large, k?s then ihe pro-
per question to cons der. Mr Eirag thought it
would be as follows From customs, $22 500 000.
That estimate, however, was based upon new du-
ties, which Congress did not make, bui which the
Secretary had recommended. We s ruck from
this amount of twenty two millions and a half
about $3 000 000, by refusing to impose duties as
was proposed This estimate of the late Secretary
of the Treasury would leave about $19 500 000
The estimate of the present Secretary was 419,000,-
000, and &e estimates of both were therefore about
the same The present Secietary estimates the re-
ceipts from customs to be $3,400,000 for goods in
1841, and the receipt of this 5ear to be §15,600,-
000, making the nineteen millions as staled above.
Mr E thought th's wou d le quite as much, if not
more, than we should receive. At first he thought
the estimates were too low, but a careful examina-
tion had convinced his ^uch was ^ot the fact. It
would r ijur°, to give us a ne't revenue of
P5,600,000, under exiting laws—deducting the
expenses of collection, &c upon a gross revenue of
$17,000,000—that we should make a dutiable im-
port of p6 000 000 In all, mciudmg the free
goods, thi- wou'd make an import, all to'd, of
#116,000 000—a verv larg  amount
It would require this amount of consumption to
give m this airojnt of revenup, and Ms fears were
that the coun ry could rot bear ¡t fje believed
that it wou'd be attended w ih sreat mischief to ths
country, and on'y ncrcase its presen' embarrass-
ments.
Mr E then referred to a table of imports from
1834 and 1840, to show that the a/erage imports
per year, for ihese seven 5 ears, wss $122,000 000
The imports embraced $125,000,000, when they
were excessive, and $132,000,000, when they were
enormous
Mr E agreed ihey were excessive in all those
years, for reasons growing out of the late loans,
and 0 her c-u-.es Some ot them were low, except
in 1840 I" the presen' s ate of the country he
h o"d th  lrarorts would not exec d $116 000 000
Ard now were the  , be asked, lo come in? We
exported aboat $103 OOO.O^O—as' year $107,000,-
000 Tirre w-s no prospect ot lmDort ng more,
and (he probabht, is th t ue sha'i import much
lesa Ti o s'ock of coa n on hand atLiveipool
anl Ba-rre was v ry 'ar  , a d here would be
mueH ess deirand tfcrn hi re h->d beei if co ton
deel ned om  pd ' a hJ per cnt a pennd, and this
uprn SOI 0)0,000 a it wu, 5 r^ike $12,000,000
difference m nr imports of the comtry There
was no r'eri rd fhn en nn-ed beyond the last
yea" Mor- ih;n > 1 eh ders f" tocKs abroad
w 't re in 1 -1 he n h r , and h •, J earned to any
ex en , win ( «t i?U tre ieve 1 'cs ol t"« c untry.
At S°ni y i nj d lo ' 11 o ire mat er would
fu-it ' lie<oicuion tii'a, Mr I ih ught, that
vt couH n t irawn m ie a-\ ^116000 000 with
r-i/ rny TiscoUJii t b 0 ¡n , ¿u-d it was not
o   i"   to exptc  11
<i bin fe* A? s p st x e li d dim nrshed du-
ties tj the an un ci *>2 PC0 í C9 O litr causes
fere also opera 1 g to i'i i ni,li ihe revenue.
Abroa! the wages of hbrr 1 ad declined very con-
siderably We vser" pureha. 1™ m Gcrftany,
Russia, and Switzerland, th3 result of which would
