^OHéHlS&iÍQftÁi, o%m%.
w
be an importation of foreign fabrics to a very large
amount. These importations would come in pro-
bably before July, and before the home valuation
commenced. This would be attended by knocking
down prices, and other causes.
We have, then, said Mr. E. no right to expect,
and we ought not to desire, a greater revenue for
the prasent year than $15 600,000. The means of
1842, then, would be $19,200 000—-ay at the
largest amount, and from all sources, §20,000,000
We were, continued Mr. E to redeem with this
#20,000 000 |7,000,000 now due, leaving but
§13,000,000, for the operations of Government.
Nobody supposed that the Government could be
carried on by this limited amount of means If,
too, the expenses were but $19,000,000, $6,000,000
would then be wanted. Besides, as was well known
and admitted, there should always be two millions
on hand in the Treasury, because about this
amount of money was usually unavailable, being
in the hands of receivers and others. For ord'nary
expenses, the Government could not be carried on
under §23,000,000. New expenditures were made
every year. The two per cent, fund of Alabama
took from the Treasury $600,000.
A million was due to ¡he States, and should be
paid, and this took from the Treasury $1,600,000.
He hoped the expenditures could be brought down
to $23,000,000, and would make a very serious
effort to reduce them to this amount. Gentlemen
had said here that it was disgraceful that the
country should be so poorly defended as it was. It
was obvious thnt the difgrace must continue, or
that expenditures should be made, and money pro-
vided.
If these calculations were right, it was obvious,
Mr. E. said, that the loan and the Treasury notes
would be required. This amount of means mast
be supplied, either in this way or in some other
way The amount of both were necessary. For some
other causes, too, not before named, the expenses
of the year were not to be reduced below
$23,000,000. A million and a quarter were re-
quired by the Quartermaster General to meet ex-
penses already incurred in carrying on the Plunda
war. Th'S was not for expenses this year, but for
the payment of old demands. New treaties might
be ratified, also, which were now m the process of
execution, and this would require an expenditure
an expenditure of money. He oniy hoped to bring
the expenditures down to $23,000,000, but feared
this could not be done.
How this would affect the public debt, was a mat-
ter of inquiry with some. Tne long and short of
our present indebtedness was, ihu we had expend-
ed more than we had received. For the services
of 1841 and 1842 the díbt would be increased
sb ut ten millions. Oar income has fallen short
of cur receipts about ten millions of dollars m
tho-e two years, and for three or four yean pa=t we
h*d expended more than we had received. The
public debt at the end of th's year would be about
$17,000,000—perhaps a little more—and it might
be $18,000,000. Th* amount of Treasury notfs
proposed, and the amount of the loan wonld cover
this sam—being $7,000,000 for an old debt, and
$10 000,000 for this year.
Gentlemen had saiH, take back the land; to meet
the deficit in the Treasury. His answer was: they
do n Jt meet the deficit, : nd h= did not look, there-
tore, to this source for revenue. Another reas n
wa , that he did not propose to interfere with a so-
bina act of Congress vhich had appropriated the
receipts liom land to another purpose.
Ons thing more (said Mr. E.) in conclusion.
We- must either ceas,e lo make appropriations or
put money into the Treasury—one thing or the
other is necessary, It becime us legiaiator-5, as ci-
tizens, and as patriots, to sep what the coun'ry de-
manded, and to meet ihese demands. Toe condi-
tion of the country wa, such thxt it might not be
very difficult to obtain the balance of the loan.
The evil, however, was such that se were required
to pass this bill to meet the immediate and pressing
demands upon the Treasury, and he hoped the Se-
nators would allow the bill to go through with the
least possible delay.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he rose for a purpose far
d'fferent from that of participating m this debate.
The House of Representatives had officially an-
nounced to the Senate the death of the Hon. Davis
Dimmock, jr. a nvmber of that body from the
State of Pennsylvania; and, although it might not
have been the practice, he owed it to his own feel-
ings, as well as to the respect which wan so justly
due to the character of the deceased, to ask that the
Senate should adjourn, as a testimonial of respect
for h s memory.
The deceased, observed Mr. Buchanan, acted
well his part in all the relations of life. He was
an indulgent husband, a kind father, and a sincere
friend. He was a man, the quiet influence of
whose example tended to make the society by
which he was surrounded, both wiser and better.
His judgment was excellent; and under its dic-
tates, his course through life was steady, honest,
and consis'ent. He lived respected and beloved
wherever he was knowB; and so far as I have
ever heard, he had not a personal enemy. He
carae to the extra session in the enjoyment of his
accustomed health, and with the full confidence of
his constituents, and here contracted the disease
which has proved mortal. There is often but a
step between the highest earthly honors to which
ambition aspires, and the grave. He died at his resi-
dence, in Montrose, Pennsylvania; and I consider it
fortunate that he died at home, surrounded by the
endearments of the domestic circle, and was not
called away to meet his God from the bustling and
busy struggles of political life, in which we are all
here involved. I bow move that the Senate ad-
journ.
This motion being unanimously adopted.
The Senate, at half past two o'clock, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, January 19, 1842.
The J turnal having been read,
Mr. BIDLACKrose and said:
Mr. Speaker: It has become my painful duty to
announce to this House the mournful intelligence,
just received, of the death of one of my colleagues
a-jd friends.
The Hon. Davis Dimmock, Jr. late a member of
this House, departed this life on the 13th of the
present month, at his residence in Montrose, in the
county of Susquehanna.
Mr. Dimmock appeared for the first time, and
took his seat in the councils of the nation, at the
late extra session of Congress. From the retiring
and unassuming nature of his habits, and the short
space of time allotted him to mingle in these busy
scenes, it is quite probable his acquaintance with
the members was not very extensive. But what is
of more consequence, and what is more to his honor
and his credit, it may be said with strict verity,
".ho'e who knew him best, loved him mo«t." His
mild deportment and s'erling worth endeared him
to fhoss who met him, as it had not failed to render
bin popular with those who sect him here. At the
same time that he was open, frank, and manly in
the declaration of his sentiments, and in his adhe-
rence to them, he was bland and forbearing in his
conduct towards tho&e who differed with him.
Mr. Speaker, with such a man I am proud to
have had an acquaintance, and to be able to call
him my friend. That acquaintance enables me to
say, the amiable and unobtrusive character of his
disposition, and the urbanity of his manners, were
not more remarkable than the sound and discrimi-
nating nature of his energetic mind.
This acquaintance enables me abo to add, that
in all the different relations of life, he was governed
by a noble sense of honor and moral obligation.
Whether he was likewise influenced by still higher
considerations, connected with an adherence to the
Chri|tian religion, I am enable to say,   I do not
know that he professed any .mode éf faith; bnt U
he did, it must have been a correct on?; fin; "bit
can't be wrong, whose life is in the right."
It is a most beautiful illustration of his charac-
ter, that upon inquiry among those who associated
with him most while here, it will be found the im-
pression is very general, that he was not only-an
honorable and moral, bat a pious man, although
no declaration to that effect can be recollected to
have escaped his lips. His " actions spoke louder
than words." But, sir, I must not forget that I
come to " bwy, not to praUe him." Permit me,
however, to indulge in one further reflection. The
deceased was, comparatively speaking, a young
man. He took 4his seat among us at the extra
session in all the buoyancy of hope, with the con-
fidence of youth and a vigorous constitution. But
disease soon fastened upon him, and withdrew him
from his attendance here. He, however, recovered
sufficiently to be enabled to return to the bosom of
his family and his friends, where, after much suf-
fering, he has at last returned to the " bosom of ,
his mother earth." He is now no more!" "His
place here, as well as his own fireside, is vacant!
His children are fatherless! His wife is disconso-
late! Nothing that we can say—nothing that we
can do, will calm the troubled waters that overflow
her spirits or soothe the anguish of her bosom.
Nevertheless, sir, we have a duty to perform—a
duty the observance of which I hope never to see
neglected. For, however fleeting and transitory
may be the honors paid to the memory of the dead,
and however worthless and unavailing to the spi-
rits <sf the departed, they have a deep and abiding
influence upon the conduct of the living. I will
not enlarge upon this topic. There may be those
among us who are heedless of public opinion while
we live ; but there are none who would like to be
forgotten, or reinembfred with disrespect, when w
are dead.
This leeling should be cultivated. It is this
laudable des're to be remembered with tokens of
regard and esteem, that actuates to deeds of pa-
triotism and usefulness. Those in public life should
endeavor to deserve public demonstrations of re-
gret, while the most humble individual may be
cheered and encouraged to deeds of noble daring,
or private virtues, by the hope that it may induce
some fond heart to
«       " Come at evening hour, to shed
The tear oí memory o'er his narrow bed."
With these views, and these feelings, I send to
the Chair the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has learned with feelings of deep
sensibility the intelligence of the decease of the Hon. I>A"US
Dimmock,jr latea member of this Congress, and as an evi-
dence of the sympathy which the members entertain, and
hereby tender to his surviving relatives and personal friends,
they will wearciapc on the leftarm for thutydays.
Resolved, Also, as a further maikof respect foi the memory
of the deceased, tms House do now adjourn.
Th? resolutions were unanimously adopted; and
The House aJjouraed.
Amoos the petitions and memorials presented on the iStlr*
were the following
Mr CAMPBMX of South Carolina, for Mr. Jlorjisa, pre-
setued a menional of Arthur Middleton, of South Carolina,
pra> ing additional compensation for services m a diplomatic
caoacity.
<i. memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the city of
C.idiloston, in the State of South Carolina, for the establishment
ofapostioutetoMemphls.Tennessee.
The petition of John L.Pezantand Co. of Charleston, South
Caiohna for the remission of additional dunes levied on fruit
and other articles imported by them into Charleston, from Ma-
laga, m Spain                    „                        ,
The memorial of Samuel Lord, praying to be released from
the payment of a certain custom-house bond
The petition of Theodoie GaiHiard, of South Carolina, pray-
ing that ceitam moneys, erroneously paid by him into the Tres*-
suty of the United States, may bo refuuded,
