Tettaon of Silas My, a Hevolutionary soldier, for a pension
Four petitions from citizens of the city of New York against
a repeal of the Bankrupt law.
Petition of citizens  of Troy, New York, against such re
peal.
Petition of citizens of Canandaigua, New York, of the same
character
Petition of citizens of Geneva, New York, against any repeal
of the Bankrupt law
Petition of citizens of Poughkeepsie, New York, on the same
«object
Petition of cit zens of Seneca, New York, on the same sub
ject.
Petition of citizens of West Bloomfleia, New York, on the
same subject.
Petition ol citizens of Geneva, New York, on the subject of
a Congress of Nations to prevent the necessity of wars
Petition of citizens of Rushville, New York, asking for the
passage of such laws as shall prevent the keeping post offices
open on Sundays
Petition 01 citizens of Ontario and Livingston counties, New
York, for the establishment of a mail loute Irom the loot of the
Honeoye lake to the town of Naples
The memerial of Mrs Harriet D P Baker, for remuneration
for sacrifices made in the Revolutionaiy war by hei father, Fre
deriek H Wessenfels
The petition of the Genesee Yearly Meeting of the Society of
Friends, for the abolition ol slavery m the District of Columbia,
and for the regulation of the internal slave trade
The petition of 32 citizens of Hopensel, New York, against
the adoption of any rule by Congrcsthat shall abridge thencht
of petition, or m any way place petitions upon slavery upon a
different footing from others
Of theiame, for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co
lumbia, or the removal of the seat of Government
Of the same, praying the repeal of all Jaws sanctioning the
transportation of slaves in ves&els of the United State" going
coastwise, and for protecting the rights of all perbons claimed
as slaves who may be entitled to tneir freedom by going to sea
with the consent of their masters, beyond the jurisdiction of the
State in which they are legally deemed to be slaves
Ofthesame, asking the abolition of slavery m Florida m such
manner as not to violate the treaty of cession
Of the same, for the protection of their constitutional rights
to the use of the Post Office, and adequate security for their per
sons in all the Statesof the Union
Of the same, for the repeal of all law* and the alteration of
alt constitutional provisions by which the people of the free
States, the Federal Government, oi the nation, are in any way
hound to countenance or protect the institution of slavery
By Mr TRUMBULL The memorial of Pardon Blown and
others, of Glastenbury, of Reuben North, jr and others ofBer
lin   and several petitions from Josiah Brewer «fee ofWetheis
eld  all relating to slavery
Memorial of F W Moore, &c of Wetbeibfield, relative to a
Congress of Nations to adjust national differences without le^ou
to arms
Several remonstrances from citizens of Hartfoid against the
repeal of the Bankrupt law
By Mr LINN The petition of 61 citizens of Schenectada
New York, praying for the repeal of the Bankrupt law
By Mr T1LLINGHAST Resolutions of the Legislature of
RhodeMand, requesting the Senators and Representatives of
that State to use their exertions to procure a suspension of the
bankrupt law for one year
Petitions of SilvanusG M-utm and others, praying for post
ponement of the operation of the Banki upt law for two years
Petition of Whiting Metcall and others, praying for the same
Petition ofRachel Bourn, of Bristol, Rhode Island, widow of
Sherjashab Bourn, praying for continuance of pension
Petition of Alice Usher, of Gloucester,] Rhode Island, widow,
praying for continuance of pension
Petition of Silvia Underwood, of Pawtucket, Rhode Island,
mother of the late lieutenant loseph A Undeiwood, of the
Exploring Expeditio i, who was killed by the savages at the
Feejee islands, prayi<- g for a provision by Government
By Mr BOA.RDMAN The remonahance of the Hon David
Daggett and 232 citizens of New Haven against the amendment
postponement or repeal of the Bankrupt law
Of Robert P Campbell and 16 other cituens of the city of
New York, against the postponement of the Bankrupt law
Thepetition of William H Jones and 26 others, citizens of
New Haven, praying the postponement of the Bankrupt law
Of Samuel Prothingham, praying an increase of big pension
Of Charles Lunaber, praying for arrears of pension
IN SENATE.
Friday, Tanuary 21, 1842.
Messrs BUCHANAN, MERRICK, PORTER,
CLAY, STURGEON WRIGHT, HENDER^ONT,
HUNTINGTON, PHELPS, and TALLMADGE,
presented memorials remonstrating against any
modification, amendment, or repeal of the Bank-
rupt la ; which were referred to the Commit ee on
the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro Urn presented a memo-
rial for tne repeal of the Bankrupt law. referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. YOUNG presented a memorial from the
Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Chicago, Illi-
nois, praying an appropriation for the completion
of the improvements in ¡he harbor on Lake Michi-
gan at'hat city. Mr. Y m presenting the piemo-
nal made some remarks, showing ihe rapid'y in-
creasing importance of that city, in a commercial
point of view He «aid that m 1836 the whole
exports from that city amounted to $1,000, but in
1841 they amounied to §248,362, which was an in-
crease equal to 348,000 per cent. There has been
exported from that city this 'ea^on 282 000 bushels
of wheat, valued at §382,000, 50,000 barrels of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
beef, pork,and flour, 18 591 hides, 50 tons of lead;
8,750 lbs. of butter; 1,300 packs of far. He said
that the departures of vessels from that city month-
ly amounted to 150, comprising steamboants and
other vessels. He contrasted the apearance of that
place now with what it was only a few years ago,
when he first visited it. Then there were no
other improvements but a garrison and a few
wooden tenement*; but now it was a flourishing
and well built city, teeming with an enterprising
and busy population, with a commerce of some
magnitude. He also remarked on the importance
of the great canal, not only to that place, but lo
the whole lake country, which was to connect Lake
Michigan wuh the Mississippi, 65 miles of which
will have been completed after the expenditure of
about $500,000, in addition to that which has been
already expended. The people of his State are
still persevering, with the hope that they will be,
ere long, enabled to complete that great worlr,
though a proper economy may not have been used
in the expenditure of the money for that purpose.
In view of this flattering picture of the prosperity
of Chicago, and its importance to the whole lake
country as a harbor, he made an appeal in her be-
half, as being peculiarly entitled to the attention of
Congress
1 he petinon.he said, exhibited the fact that there
were sixteen harbor improvement s on Lake Erie,
*ix on Lake Ontario, and four on Lake Champlam,
while Lake Michigan, with a greater area of
«quare miles than either of the other seven lakes,
is yet without a harbor; and the vessels of that lake,
instead of having a pl«ce of protection to flee to in
case of storm and danger, have to weigh an-
chor and flv to the open sea for safety. There is
an average loss of a vessel a year fef the want of
thisharbot, and not only that, but there is great
loss of life and destruction of property. He hoped
that the committee to which he proposed to refer
the subject would give it full and mature considera-
tion The memorial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr PHELPS presented a memorial on the sub-
ject of improving harbors on Lake Michigan;
which was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
M"«r<¡. BUCHANAN, STURGEON, BEN-
TON, and MOREHEAD, presented memorial  for
the amendment or repeal of the Bankrupt law; re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr McROBERTS presented ihe memorial of
the General Assembly of the Slate of Illinois, ask-
ing the establishment of a marine hospital at ihe
cuy oí Chicago in the State of Illinois.
Mr McR briefly explained ihe importance of
the object contemplated, and upon his motion the
memorial wa' ordered to be printed, and reterred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr CALHOUN presented a memorial from
Charleston, Snnth Carolina, praying that the bank-
rapt law might be repe?'ed. The wri'er of the
letter enclosing the memorial stales that he was
satisfied lhat mneteen-twentieths of the business
man of that city were for the repeal. The me-
morialists believe that the law was unjust and im-
practicable, but if it were not, that it was at least
dangerous m the extreme The memorial was re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr MOREHEAD presented a communication
from the Governor of Kentucky, enclosing resolu
ti"vs of the G neral As- errbly of that State, in
relation to the disrespect j aid to American pass-
poits by the Mexican Government, and the cap-
ture by Mexican troops of certain American ci.
tizens who were connected with the Santa Fe
trading expedition, and cruelly put to death. The
resolutions asked that the General Government
would take energetic measures to redress the
wror,g, and pledges Kentucky to sustaia her m
doing so Mr. M remarked that similar resolu-
tions had been transmitted to the Executive, and
he did not, theresore, deem that any action would
be necessary on the resolutions, as he had no
d <ubt the subject would be taken into serious con-
sideration by that department of the Government.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr BERRIEN presented a communication
from the Governor of Georgia, enclosing resolu-
tions passed by the Legislature of that State, ask-
ing that an act of Congress may be passed mak-
ing compensation for horses lost in Florida by
the Georgia troops in prosecuting the war against
the Seminóles: referred to the Committee on Mi-
litary Affairs.
Also, from the same source, resolutions calling
the attention of Congress to the importance of re-
taining the branch mint in Dahlonega, Georgia;
which were ordered to he on the table.
Also, from the same source, relating to the esta-
blishment of post routes  in Georgia: referred to   "
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr PHELPS presented   one   memorial   from   "
New Yo'rk, and one from Vermont, both earnestly
remonstrat'ng against the repeal or postponement
of the Bankrupt law.
Mr. Phelps said that, in presenting these me-
morials, he would state that although his cons tita-
euts felt but little interest in the subject, at d would
not be affected at all by it, the memorials presented
from Vermont and the voice of the State had been,
so far, without a solitary exception, in favor of the
law"   He had not taken part m the debate, for the
reason that he occupied a somewhat delicate posi-
tion in differing from his colleague, whose opi-    A
nions he at all times respected.   Upon a future     1
occasion, he would state his opinions somewhat at    Jj
large in reference to this measure    His owa con-   M
stuuents were not much interested in this biU, PPKjaB
haps as nttle interested as any other people oTnjje *S
United States.   He should, however, aeeply'regrst ^fl
to «ee the Senate cf the  United States so far trifle , ?
with its l?gis ation and with the hopes of the peo-
ple, expec log and awaiting the benefits of this law,
as to go for a repeal of the law    If, after more ex-
perience, the law should prove ajbadone, he wsuld
then, with th« evidence before him of its mefhcien-
cv, go for repeal    But now, once for all, he would
say that if there was any meaiure which was called
for by the  country, it was this  precise measure.
Nottiing upon the face of the Constitution, in bis
opinion, exhibited   more the   wisdom of the fra-
mersof that instrument thon this very power to es-
tablish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United S'ates.   He would venture to predict,
and if this law was abroga'ed he feared, that   the
States would resort to such extravagant measures
of legislation as had never before been heard of.
Mr. KING presented joint resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Alabama, earnestly asking Congress
to adm>t Texas into the Union—setting forth that
it was to the interest of the United States to do so
—that it would add to its strength and general
prosperity. Ordered to he on the table and be
printed.
Also, joint resolution from the same State, rela-
ting to the Dibtnbution bill Mr King remarked
that toe Legislature of his Sta e, alter having so-
lemnly corsidered that law, had come to the de-
termination to reject, with indignation and scorn,
the dona ion which that State would be entitled to
under the law. Any considerations of relief from
any debt, held up to that State by that act, weighed
but as dust m the balance when the great con-
sideration of preserving in its purity the Constitu-
tion was invoked. The State of Alabama be-
lieved that ¡aw was a gro=s and palpable violation
of the C institution. Thpt whilst it professedly
distributes the proceeds from the sales of the pub-
lic lands, it m effect d stnbutes tne revenues from
customs. That if the pnncip'es of that law should
be perrai'ied to obtain, it would inevitably lead to
th  aísumpiíon v f the mas  of State debts, inas-
much aa 't sanctions the punciple by the dis-
tribution of apartcf the revenues from customs.
On motion ot Mr KING, the resolutions were
ordered to he on the table and be printed.
Mr HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, made an adverse report on the petition of
Ferdinand Clatk, praying to be refunded certain
tonnage duties.
Mr CLAYTON mtioduced a resolution, which
was laid over for future action, proposing to esta-
blish, as a standing rule, that when a claim is once
presented to the Senate and rejected, "it shall
not be in order at a sub'equent session to take the
same petition from the files, to be referred to
any standing committee, unless by a new memo-
