154
■i                                            T                                                                                                          t     ......■ i                                                                                               i,,......
them to extort from commerce themeans of meet-
ing the demands on ¡he Treasury.
But hs did not understand that the mover, in-pro-
posing the amendment, intended it exclusively as
a measure of revenue. One, at least, of bis ob-
jects, as avowed by himself, is so to arrange the
proposed tax on notes as to suppress those of a small
denominaiioD. According to his (Mr. C's) opinion,
thi* would be a dangerous and unci nstitntional vise
of the taxing power. He held lhat a'l the powers
delegated by the Constitution were trust powers, aad
that, like all other powets of like description, they
were limited in their application to the nature and
object t>f the trust. To extend 'hem beyond, to
o her objects, would be a perversion of the power—
the most dangerous of all tLe modes of violating
the Constitution, becaure the moa inskious, and
easily and safely perpetrated.
Entertaining th s view, he he'd that, as the ex-
clusive objeet of the taxing power was revenue, to
use it for any other purpose—as, in this case, to
suppress a certain description of bank notes—was
a perversion of the power, and of eourse not war-
ranted by the Constitution. It wa«, in fact, to
change the taxing mto a penal power—t.vo powers,
however alike in form and appearance, that
■«ere wholly different in thtir nature ard
in'ention. The object of the penal power is
to put down, destroy, aad suppress that against which
it is directed; it is directly hostile to U: while
on the coruraiy, the taxing power, although it may
have to some extent the same effect, does not will it;
and so far from seeking that svppression or distinction
of its object, that tcould be fatal to itsieal design, re-
venue; just, ssia this case, the supprerson of
small notes would be a loss oí the revenue fiom
that source.
Now, he held, as he bad already s'ated, such
a perveis.on—the changing-, under the specious re-
tention o'the nanue, the taxing mto another and
hostile power—the penal—¡o be highly dangerous
and uucoLStitutu nai. Once admitted, and there
would be ro limitation of the powers ot (his Go-
vernment. There is not a single power reserved to
the States that might not be ovenuted by it. Even
wills, slid conveyances of real estates, might be as
effectually suppressed, or regulated, as bank note-;
and th/1 owners might be divested of every descrip-
tion of propel ty held under tlie laws of ¡he S'ates
This was :.ot ih" first time ¡hat he bad raised his
voice against ibis dangercus síutch oí power. A
suggestion oi tke ku.d w«s ¡Mown out by the Sena-
tor irom Virginia over the way, [Mr. Kives] in
1834, v.hich Pe (Mr. C.) then rcsis'cd on the
grounds on which he now opposed this amend-
ment; ar.d he had been for more than a d^zen of
ye..rs contend a? against th" same peiver-.)on of
povvermthec-se pr ihepiOlT'ive tar'if. Yjs, ¡, is on
the ideii'ical principle on v-h.ch ¡his amend.neat
rests, that lhat iid.wus and deltstai/e system was
reared, which has ítiflictíd ¡he evils on the country,
under which it is now suffenrg.
But, in opposing this abusive ure of the taxing
power, he was r,o friend to small notes. On 'he
contrary, he believed that they had caused much
miiChief, and had gr-.atly acc;!erated the calamity
that had befall-n tht banks and the country. He
had lung ■•roce, as f«r back as 1834, fully express-
ed Himself on the subject. But experience had
taught turn, that in auemplm;; io remedy political
di^ordeis, we must be cartful not to ase means
ih.it may be productive of as much miiclref, or
more, than ¡he d, ,ca-e to be removed. -Such, he
bebeved, woüd be ttV ca c in ¡his iiiotenre. As
m schievous ;\s he ad rat íd s:. ai1 no'es to be, he
cculd not consent to violate ¡he Cjisittu'iou, aad
introduce a niv-dy so dirige'ousas ihs perversion
of the taxing into a penal po«er, to suppiess'he
evil. It wi". a re? ,,ti T < i h en, m no case to le-
venge ary evil howeur arest, by t e infraction
of ihe Concluí, n in 'h • s' íalkst partxular, or
stretching the pi'v-i.t cf that vacua instrument
beyond theirappropr.att limit-. It ' as-..r  ih-tprin-
ciple he acfed in ihe present c-'se.cUi i i n -/'nich he
was prepared to ac', in a" a-salt gnus ea~e, when it
came up—that of perverting ¡he bankrupt power
for objects never intended, in reference to the banks.
A*much as he was opposed to the  whole system,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
| he would not consent that it should be destroyed
by forbidden instruments.
(* It was obvious, said Mr. C. that there lies at the
•bottom of ail (he remarks which have been made
on this occasion, a question much deeper and
more comprehensive than the one which gave rise
to them. That question is neither more nor ¡ess
thin the great one, Is the circulation of bank notes
incompatible with the power of coining and fixing
the standard of value, conferred by the Constitu-
tion on this Government; or, to change ¡he form of
the question, have the States the right of creating
banks of circulation? He had long anticipated the
rise of that ques'ion. It was one on which he offered
no opinion; but he would tell thoie whose vi ws
were opposed to his on this occasion, that the dis-
orders of which they complain lie far deeper than
the cueulation of small notes; and if uVy intend to
prescribe a remedy, something very different from
thi*, or putting banks into a bankrupt law, must be
applied. In his opinion, when the time comes, if
it ever should, when the question must be m«t, it
would be far safer on all sides, much more manly
and fair, to raise the direct ques'ion of suppression,
by open penal enactments, against bank circula-
tion, and thus leaving the courts to decide rn an
issue fairly presented, than by these indirect,
covered, and misnamed means, which pervert ad-
mitted powers into instruments of effecting an ob-
ject never in'ended to be effected by them; and, in
so doing, sanction a principle which may work
changes in the system far beyond the power of man
to perceive.
Mr. WALKER said he should with great pleasure
vote for it as a lax for revenue, a tax repeatedly
imposed for that purpose heretofore, and which for
that purpose had heretofore received the support of
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr Calhoun,]
snd cf the whole Democratic party. Indeed, as a
tax for revenue, its constitutionality was still ad-
mitted b-' ¡he Senator from South Carolina, but
he denounced it now as unconstitutional, because
one of its incidental consequences would be to ex-
pel or diminish ¡he circulation of bank paper; and
if so, it was always uncons'itutionat, berause it
would always produce that effect. Now Mr. W.
believed it would diminish bank circulation, but
that a considerable revenue would be derived from
the measure, a had always been the case in former
times The great object, then, of the tax was
revenue. And was not this revenue now wan'ed?
Had  ve not now a debt of ¡wtlve, proposed on
the other side Io 1 e exlsnded to seventeen millions?
Were not ¡lie creditors of the Government now
unpaid? Was not an attempt now threatened ta
meieasethe duties beyond twenty per cent, be-
cause it was alleged that these duties, even with
the pn ceeds of the land sales, would not
yield an adequate revenue to pay the pub-
lic debts and the expenses of the Govern-
ment If, then, (as was conceded,) th? revenue
that would accrue from this tax on bank notes
would be considerable—if (as was also ad-
mitted) tn s revenue was now wanted, who could
or would doubt the constitutionality of the
measure? But if an addition to all this, ¡he imposi-
tion of this tax on banks would prevent an aug-
mentation of the tariff, and a violation of the com-
promise act, (he Mr. W.) would con.ider it his
imperative duty to vote for this amendment.
Would h'S constituents, the great exporters of ¡he
Union, prefer a tax on ¡he-r cotton, b> an augmen-
l ition of ihe tariff, rather than a tax on banks?
Whv not tax banks, when it is conceded we want
the revenue? Banks are ¡he great tax gatherers of
the Ui ion; and why should they escape taxat.ou?
Mr. W. bad demonstrated by ¡able , read by him in
¡he Senate, a few days smce, th&t ihe banks, as
the rcvilt of all tl eir operations, taxed She people
of thi^Un'on to an amount jrreatly exceeding every
yrar the ahjle revenue of the nation. And why
should these mighty incorporated tax ?athere,-s
nay no tax, when it is eoncedsd we want ihe re-
venue, and that for revenue the ¡ax i* eops'ito-
tional? But the ¡ax is said to be unconstitutional,
because as an incident it will dinvmsh ¡he amount
of bank paper. And is not an incident of every
direct tax, that it will have a tendency to diminish
the use of the article that is taxed? And if ¡hat in-
I cident renders the law unconstitutional, every law
imposing a direct tax is unconstituiional, and
thus a power expressly grauted is expunged
from ihe Constitution. Toe law then is constitu-
tional, because the mon«>y is wanted for revenue.
And what is the 'ncident complained of? That
it will diminish the amount of bank pa-
per. And shall we therefore refuse to exercise
a power expressly granted, and exercised, too,
for the legitimate purpose of necessary revenue,
because it will be an incident of the tax to diminish
the amount of bank papej? Must the tariff be
augmented; must tea and coffee and silt, and all
the necessaries of life be taxed, and the banks not
taxed? because if you tax them, even for neces-
sary revenue, it will dimmish the amount of banK
paper. And if it docs d,m rush the amount of
bank paper, what aHo follows? That precisely to
that extent it will increase the circulation of gold
and silver which is expelled (as is admitted by Mr.
Gallatin, and every other wn'er on currency,) by
this very bank paper. And what is the duty of
this Governmen as lo gold and silver? It is to coin
it, and to regulate its value—it is to make it a cur-
rency; and as I believe ,the only constitutional cur-
rency, the only legal tender in payment of debts.
For this purpose we have established mints and
branch mints-, and coined eightysixmilhonsgoldand
silver in American coin. Whsreiis it? Nearly all of it
gone, banished from the country, by the substitu-
tion of bank paper. Your mints virtually abolished
by these very banks, or used merely to coin mone.',
not for the use of our people, but to drive this coiu
across the Atlantic, if there is no currency known
to the Constitution, but gold and silver,
and no other a legal tender, and that cur-
rency to be ccined and furnished only by (his
Government, is it unconstitutional to tax bank
paper, because, as an incident of that
tax it may diminish bank circulation, and to
the same extent increa e the cireu'ation of the con-
stitutional currency of gold and silver, and so far
prevent the abolition of the mints and expulsion of
specie by bank corporations? Sir, to preserve this
currency of specie, and maintain it as the only
standard of value, is one of the solemn trusts con-
fided to this Government and if it be one of the
incidents of this bill to keep this currency of spe-
cie in the country, and maintain this standard, it is
a ju?t and constitutional incident, and constitutes
an additional argarr.er.t in favoi of the measure.
Let it be clearly understood, that I vote for this tax
because it is wanted for revenue, and for the same
purpose i f revenue I would now vote for a bill
imposing a tax on gold and silver ware. Sir, ac-
cording to Mr. Gallatin's, estimate, two fifths of the
gold and silver is thus wasted; $30,000 thus con-
verted into plate, to gratify the vanity of a single
individual, and at the rate of two-fiitns, thirty-two
millions thus subtracted from the specie currency
ot the country, and the very life-blood thus
drained from the channels of productive industry.
S.r, if the Senator from Missouri will consent, I
[Mr. BENTON, from nts seat: I will accept and
vote for it with piea-ure.]
Sir, a tax of ten per cent, on this gold and silver
wire, would, in the pre'ent estimate, yield a reve-
nue of more than three millions annually, which
was much wanted, and which might prevent an
augmentation of the loan, or a tax on tea and cof-
fee, and other necessaries of life; and if, as an in-
cident, it diminished the use of gold and silver
ware, it could, to that extent, increase Ihe consti-
tutional currency of gold and silver, and do more
for the permanent relief and prosperity 0f the
coamry than any other measure.
Mr. BENTON followed Mr. Walker, and read
from tne Uws of the United States for the year
1813, to show ¡hat bank notes were then taxed,
and more heavily ¡han he proposed—that the ta".
ros3 as high as ten dollars on notes between $500
and $1 000 Mr. B. in reply to Mr. Calhoun,
said that his first object was revenue: it was to
make ¡he moneyed corporations contribute to the
support o* Government. The other object was an
incidental effect, resulting irom the exercise of a
revenue power, and precisely such as had been
practised upon by Congress from the foundation of
Government.    Mr. B. said the taxing power was
