CONGRESSIONAL C3M>BE.
\&-
to raise money for the support of the Government.
Unless that object was to be accomplished, the tax
was unconstitutional; where it was to be accom-
plished the tax would not become unconstitutional
on account of the incidental consequence, whether
penal or protective. He applied this to the protective
policy; per se, the protective duty was unconstitu-
tional; as an incidental effect protection was con-
stitutional; and that had been the voice, of both
Houses of Congress irom the year 1789 to the pre-
sent day. Mr. B. said his bill only named ten
cents as the tax on each note, to increase annually
to a blank amount. The ten cents was certainly a
low revenue duty—it was not a penal tax; the
blank was to be filled by the Senate, so that the
whole subject was in the hands of the Senate.
Tney may make the tax high or low—confine it
entirely to revenue—or raising it high enough to
have the effect of suppressing small notes. All
that were in favor of making banks pay revenue,
might go for the amendment, and reserve their ob-
jections to a later stage of the proceedings. Mr.
B. adverted to Mr. Walker.'s proposition to in-
clude gold and silver plate, which he considered
good, and endorsed his argument for protecting the
constitutional currency. To suppress small not s
was to protect the constitutional currency; and it
was the duty of Congress to pro'ect that currency
—to exert all its constitutional powers 10 protect it.
Mr. BAYARD was tree to say ¡hat te had no
doubt that it would be indispensably necessary to
resort to the taxing power to regulate the currency
of the country. There were now nine hundred
and one bankv, which held th  community in debt
to them to the amount of four hundred and sixty-
two millions of dollars; their nttt eitculaii n was
not less' than eighty-six millions, and their imme-
diate means to meet their respon&ibiííties were one
hundred and twenty-eight millions. These banks
had usurped the Fedcial power over the currency,
which would never be regulated umii Congress re-
stored to the Government legitimate control over
it, and it would be impossible to preserve the social
system in order without entire and absolute control
over this particular subject. Such was the effect
of the neglect to exercise it, that they saw the most
worthier paper passing from hand to hand for the
ordinary putposes of the country; and hew, in this
very city, in the teeth of a penal enactment, they
found miserable small bills circulalusír. as a cur-
rency. The reason f_r the m¡süiaG8gee¡ienl of the
banks was to be found in the fact that these insti-
tutions had entrusted the management of their af-
fairs to those who had no intere.-t in an honest
transaction of business; therefore there was a su-
pineness upon the subject?, and, as long as the
stockholders were in the receipt of good dividends,
it would be impossible to look into their concerns.
But this was not all; these institutions were ma-
naged by persons who'.e own interests were com-
mitted to themselves and friends, and at whose in-
stance contractions and expansions took place
whenever it would subsvrve their interests. There
was but one way to remedy this sta'e of thing?;
and that was, to suspend the swords over the hea' s
of the banks, and make the stockholders give at-
tention to their property, the neglect to do which
had been a source ef much mischief- The notes
of the banks should be taxed, and the institutions
brought within the provisions of the Bankrupt law.
If a bank continued in a state of suspension thirty
or sixty days, it should be declared bankrupt, End
cease to exercise its corrupt power. The whole
community was filled with small, worthless bank
paper, and until it was driven out of circulation
there would never be a sound currency. But he
could not vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri at this tiroe; however, if the subjact
should be brought forwant in its proper time and
place, he would go the whole lensth m its suppott.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that he would tell the
Senator from Delaware, and those who advewrd
the same measure, that when the question came
up, it was not to be met by the taxing power, bat
by a direct action to suppress these small notes by
law; and ha hoped that Senaters woa.d not use the
poisoned instrument, the taxing power, to inflict a
wound upon the Constitution. If the object which
the Senator aims at is to resist the shock occasioned
by the banlts in the monetary system, he would
have to go far beyond the banishment of small
notes—to the Sub-Treasury—and leave the banks
to themselves. He was glad to see certain gen-
tleraea turning against banks and coming to the
aid of the party with which ffe was associated; but,
while they were doing this, they were taking a re-
medy from the Constitution, which was as bad as
the disease to be cured; and, if he was not mista-
ken, the tendency of the Eneasuie would be to
strain the Constitution to accomplish their object
by indirect means; and if this should be done, no
msn could see where it was to end.
Mr. KINS remarked that, this was a very iia-
porant question, and therefore required full con-
sideration before acting upon it. He acquiesced
in much which the Senator from Delaware had
said; and he would go as far as airy man in look-
ins out for the renudy, provided that it could be
made to appear to him th-it the Constitution.war-
ranted she remedy in the mode proposed; hut he
had great doubts whether they could exercise the
power to put down the institutions which the States
had bnilt up, under tlrn plea that the taxins power
was thus resorted to for purpores of the Govern-
ment. He concurred with the Senator from South
Carolina, that the remedy proposed to be applied
would be worse than the disease. He had f reat
doubts whether they could exercise the taxing
poorer in a way that would strike down State in-
stitutions. The proposition was not one of revenue
alone, but it goes diree'ly to de^roy the i^'ues of
State banks, and to suppress the small note circu-
lation. He, fjr one, was not prepared to exercise
the taxing power, for the pt'rpos°s of destruction.
For the purposes of revenue, he admitted that they
could lay taxes; but "¿hen taxes were laid to build
up a jtarticu'ar in'erest, it would be imnifestly
building up one interest at the sacrifice of the other,
which w;,s totally nticon.ti'uttonal. Such was, in
f ffect, the princip'e involved in the proposition
now before the Senate. He was not then prepared
to vote for that Irtich would sacrifice every princi-
ple he and his Democratic friends had been con-
tending for for years. He was willing to do all'in
their power, wh'ch was constitutional, to remedy
the evils of a depreciated currency. He was pre-
pared, however, to look at this matter with every
disposition to feriiK his mind to a correct conclu-
sion; and, as he wished ¡o have time for that pur-
pose, be would appeal to the Senator from Missouri
to withdraw his aT>endti5<>nt for the present, and
not impede the p-ss-age of ih-s bill, wlrch w.s so
essential to relieve the necessities oí the Govern-
ment.                                                                     '
Mr. BENTON, at the urgent appeal of Mr.
KING, withdrew his amendment, to permit the
Treasury Jiote bill to proceed; and pledged, him-
self to bo as true as the needle to the pole in offer-
ing the amendment to the first revenue bill that
came up; and that would be vsry soon under this
tax-lavinp- Administration.
Mr.' WRIGHT submitted the following amend-
nf-tit, nairelv, to .strike out all rfter the enacting
: lause, and intcrt:
''That whenever, after the passa™ of 'hit, aft, trie exigences
of the Govemmem may require i.icansto meettheappiopn.1.
tions made by Oon^res-, Leyo.id ttie ordin-uy revenues, the
President of the XTmted States may. in case he she!) thmk the
interests of the pnNic servre wit! be pinmotedtherehy, cau?e
Treasury nct-'s to be issued ínstend "fa public stock, as in-
thnnzed by th° an of theiitsi dt-y of .Titty, 1641. for any patt
or the whole batanee of the ,oen authorized by that art, and not
yet negotiated or contracted; smh treasury rotes, it issued, to
be lastieii under ttie limitations and other provisions contained
'm the act entitled 'An act to airh.a-ize the if=ii;n£ ot Treas-urv
notfs' approved the 12th day of October, 1>S>?, with the r.tí-
thorny to issue other r,u,es m die place of sticli as may be
i^ued under oie provisions of this act, and ledeerned beiore
ttie expiration of one year f'.oni and after the passage thereof:
Pi omded, ail':ays. That the whole amount of pub ic debt con-
triced undi.rtius act. and ttie s.-id act of the 21st dav of July,
ISli. shall not exceed twelve millions of dollars; and that the
whole amount of Treasury notes issued by auttiouty of this
act, and outstanding at any ore time, shad not exceed the ba-
lance of the loan nnthpi 'zed to be made by the said act of the
2Ut uf July, l3it 1, which sliail not have been made at the time
of ttie passage of tin  act."'
Mr. Vv RiGH r slid that bis object wa? to r-'raove
the difficuny ¡ai«ed yesterday that she proviso of
the bill, in its ordinal fore"1, v;s a virtual repeal
of so much of the Loan hill of last session. This
amendment recognised the authority, and preserved
the existence cf that law, and merely extended its
provisions, so as to render the object more availa-
ble, without authorizing an additional loan as pro-
posed by the present amended bill.
Mr. EVANS said he regretted that the honorable
Senator from New York bad felt it his duty to pro-
pose the same amendment which had been for two
days under consideration, and upon which the
judgment of the Senate bad yesterday" been given.
The proposition .now introduced was al-
most precisely similar to th3t introduced yester-
day. The only difference was, that the present,
amendment proposed to issue $6 500,000, instead
of 15,000,000, the s x and a half millions being
the amount of the loan not now taken up. Both
of these sources of revenue were necessary, he had
stated over and over again, and the effect of the
arienrtment was to compel us to an eternal resort
to Treasury notes; it compelled'us to that conti-
nued delay, also, which had been productive of so
many evils here. Gentlemen said, wait, wait,
watt. The effeatof waiting was to get the Govern-
ment into the straits aaain. Senators upon the «.p-
posite side rtsorted to this means to compel us to
take their favorite mode for raising revenue. He '
preferred our own—the Loan Kli to the Treasury
Note bill; but gentlemen wished us toyield.and this
we could not do.. Mr. E. expressed an earnest
hope, in conclusion, that the Senate would allow.
this kill to pass to-night.
Mr. WRIGHT thanked the Senator for bis can-
dor in admitting his own object, and defining the
position which he (Mr. Wright) and his friends
occupied.
Mr. C ALHOUNset th? Senator from Maine right
as to his • infeiei.ee that the Sena ors at this side
of the chamber were indisposed to vote the neces-
sary ¡supplies to the Government. This he denied.
It was, not they who created delay, but the gentle-
men opposite.
The >eas and nays were then taken, and were:
YB&S—Messrs. Allen, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Pulton, Kins', Linn, McRobtrts. Pierce, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
William , Woodbury, Wright, and Young—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bates, Bayard; Benton,
Berrien, Choate, Clay oí Kentucky, Clayton, Evans,
Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Mangara, Merrick,
Miller, Morchead, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,
Rives, Smith of Iridiaría, Southard, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbridge— 86.
So the amendment was rejected.
W-   WOODBURY  submitted ths  following
atrfendrnent:
.-' -Sec.2. And be it further enacted, Thai beside the genera
revenue from customs, the proceeds of the sates of the public
tands are hereby specialty pledged for the redemption ef the
Treasury notes, agreeably to the*r tenor,*which may be issued
under the provi.-ions of tills act, and shall be applied solely to
that use u nttt the d?bt3 crea'ed by said notes shall be fully satis-
fied; and to carry that purpose into effect, the act of ¡September
4th, 1841, entitled "an act to appropriate the pioceeds of the
sales of the public lands, and to grant pre-emption rights," be
and the same is hereby repeated, so far as regards the first nine
sections theieof.
Mr. WCOD3URY observe 1 that it had now
beomc certain this bill was to be pasted in a'form
to add fivü million* m.-re to the debt author.zed at
lb.  last session. In. the piesent cendinoa of the
country aTitleirten cannot negotiate tile ba'ance of
the former Iran, unless at tour rr five per rent, be-
low par. Treasury notes are also from one to two
per cent, below par. Ins'.tad ei curing the diffi-
culty in depreciation, as to the permanent loan, it
i< bow in substance p>oponed to add to it, by
'browing into the market an addU'caal temporary
loan ;,!so equal to iive mil'tons. Tne proposition
is, theretVirt, in effect, to add tj the existing depre-
cation of the Government stock in the market, by
meíEí of this additional indebtedness. Can it be
said it is honest or honorable for financiers or
s.a'esmen to offer tVirTreasuiy notes in payment
to the public creditor oi ihe public terra:,ts for their
services uuder circumstances of depreciation and
lo.^es, occasioned by the legislation of the Govern-
ment it-e¡f Í Certainly no*. He {Mr. W.) pro-
posed, ihen, to remedy the difficulty, in some de-
cree, if not entirely, by new means to íestore the
credit of the Government. This ws by adopting
'.fit good old fashioned mode of providing for a loan,
rt rorted to by otir fathers here, ant? even by our fore,
fathers abroad; which was t" pledge something taa-
gibie for the redemption of the debt about to be in.
corred.
