CONGRESSIONAL QhOM.                                         isú
heve that he is possessed of a species of rronc-
nania on all subjects connected with peopis as
dark as a Mexican; and therefore he is not fit to b*
entrusted with the business of our relations Kith
Mexico
Mr. ADAMS, after a few remarks, yielded the
floor to
Mr. MARSHALL, who moved that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts be allowed to address the
House, to defend himself agamit the charges made
in that petition.
Mr. GAMBLE objected.
Mr. WISE (addressing the Speaker ) Has the
Speaker decided that it is a privileged question?
The SPEAKfe.it said he had not. It was not a
question for the Speaker to decide, it was a mat-
ter for the House to decide.
Mr. WISE moved to lay that question on the
table.
In rSply to an mqo'ry or intimation by Mr.
CHARLES BROWN as to this being a genuine
paper-
Mr. ADAMS said that he believed it to be so,
and that there were many members of this Home
who entertained precisely the «ame opinion The
gentleman from Virginia [M>\ Wise] had ex-
pressed the same sentiment in his letter to his con-
stituents, not only of him (Mr. A ) but of other
gentlemen in this House.
After a good deal of conveisatton, the question
was taken on the mo ion to lay on the tabfe.
The vote was then announced to be yeas 85,
nays 87.
So the motion to lay on the table vi as rejected.
The SPEAKER annourced the question to have
recurred on the motion of Mr. Mabshall, that Mr
Adams be heard in bis own defence, &c.
A long, excited, and very complicated desultory
discussion followed, on various points of order, in-
volving statements of mo ions and f?e «, (and ex-
planations therecf,) in which Messrs WISE, W
C JOHNSON,HABERSHAM, ADAMS, GRAN-
GER, JONES, oí Md BRIGGSa-id the SPEAK
ER participated, when
Mr UNDERWOOD, remarking that he thought
the best way in which the House could g<>t rid of
this unprofitable, worse than unprofitable discus-
sion, was to adjourn, made that mo ion.
But the House, by ayes 77, noes 88, refused to
adjourn.
Mr. WISE then stated his point of order as fol-
lows : The question was first raised on the recep-
tion of the petition. The second question was the
point of order raised by the gen'i^man from Mas-
sachusetts himbelf, wbe her the question of privi-
lege did not override that motion. Whilst these
questions were pending, the g*ntleman from Ken-
tucky made a motion that tbe gent'eman from Ma^
sachusetts be al'owe t to defend hunsell against the
lmputatiotas contained in that peti ion His first
motion then, Mr W. ".did, was to lay the ques ion
of privilege on tt e talk, but ths Cha r, misunder-
standing him, had put the question on laying the
motion of the gentleman f'om Kentucky, [Mr
MakshallJ on tt-e table, and that question ih'j,
House had decided p amst Ths question tben
came up for the House to decide whether it would
entertain the motion of the gen fit mart from Ken-
tucky, the House hiving refused to lay it on the
table; and he now made this point of order, on
which he asked the decision oí the Chan- could
that motion override the point of order involved in
the question of privilege'
Mr MARSHALL replied to Mr. Wisf; a-nl, in
the course of his ren ams, sa'd thn taegentlemar
fiom Massachusetts had ^uspenjed hi? quest on of
privilege to allow him (Mr M ) to make the mo-
tion that he be allowed to defend h mself agaios
the charges contau e J in he pell ion Gendem<,n
said that the peutiun itself wa a hoax Now, how
did they knotp tha ? For one, he v«as more than
half way of the opinion o< these petitioners, that
the gentleman tfio-n Mfssachw'ts—he intended
no disrespect to him—va a moromaniac on a
particular subject, and lie n as anx ous to hear how
the gentleman woald defend himself ¿gainst this
charge.
Mr. WISE said that if the question of puvilege
Was withdrawn or suspended, then the mou n of
the gentleman from Kentucky must have been out
of order, and h'S quest on of reception had the pre-
cedence.
Mr ADAMS denied that he withdrew the pri-
vileged question.
Mr TURNEY moved to lay the whsle subject
on the table
Mr SPRIGG observed that upon very grave
and serious questions, involving the deepest
interests of ihis country, he and other mem-
bers, by resdutions and motions adopted in this
House, had been debarred of the privilege of evei
explaining the reasons of their votes, much less to
suggest objections to the enactment of measures
whicu the populai feeling might, and indeed has,
condemned Now, (said Mr S ) I am required to
yie d to the gentleman from Massachusetts the pri-
vilege of addressing this Hall, and of interfering
with its appropriate business, when, in fact, b> th^
rules of the House, he has no right whatever to do
so, there being no question before it. I could as well
as he present a fabricated petition—[here Mr. S
was called to ordei.] Well, s,r, (said he) as the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts insists that he is
charged with being afflicted with a certain form or
description of madness, and claims the right of de-
fendirg himself before this House, I can only say
that I was not sent here to examine into such cases
Preferring that the usual forms of the law should
be observed whenever a huirán being is supposed
tp be insane, I will suyges' for ihe consideration of
the House it it would not be better for some friend
of the gentleman, or some friend of the country, to
have a c «amission of lunacy, or, if you p'ea-e,
the ancient writ of de lunático %nquirendo «ued out
from some court having competent jursdiction of
the ca=e, and let a jury be summoned, witness
and physicians sworn ar_d examined before them,
and 1ft theTi render their verd ct according to the
testimony produce 1 The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts would then hive a fair and impartial trial,
which he m ght not havp here, as several mem-
bers, like the "member from Kentucky, have al
ready expressed their opm ons upon the charge
which the g ntlcman imagines has been adduced
asamst him
TC íesof "Order'order1"]
Trie question was taken on Mr Tcrney's motion
to lay the whrle subject on the table, and it was
carried—yeas 94 nays 92
Mr HOPKINS inquired whether it would be
in order to move the reception of that pen inn,
with instructions If it was, he moved its recep
lion, with instructions to ths committee to report a
resold ion in conformity with the prayer of the pe-
titioners
The SPEAKER said it was not in order
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ADAMS inquired in what state the petition
■was.
The SPEAKER replied that the question of the
reception of tne petition was cut off, but the g°n-
tleman could iaivc thr question of privilegp at jnj
time; that wa* not cirned with the motion to lay
the subject en the table
The question was then put on Mr. Wise's mo-
tion to adjourn, and it was carnrd without a di-
vision.
So the House adjourned
place. He said the petition was numerously sign-
ed by the business and other highly respectable ci-
tizens of New Albany, with many of whom he
had the pleasu-e to be perbenally acquainted- Ths
petition spoke the impoitatice of tas measure), and
h" desired to present ¡t to the ear'y and favorable
consideration of the committee, referred to the
Committee on Commerce
Mr BUCHANAN presented several memo-
rials from citizens oí the c tv and conn y of Phila-
delphia, a<kmg tnat the bankrupt law may be
am-nded or repealed.
Also, from the manufac'urers of window glass
in New Jersey, asking that a specific duty may be
imposed on fore pn glass equal to the duties of
31st December, 1841, and representing tKat unle>s
it was, foreign competition would destroy that class
of manufactures, referred to tbe Committee on
Manufactures.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the peti'ion of citi-
zens of New Yo>-k, requesting the Government to
interfere in the behall of American citizens now-
in conn íemeni at V.sa Dieman's Laud, in Austra-
lia: rcieried to the Committee on Foreign. Rela-
tions
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
cittz-nsoi New York, with tefererce to French
spoliations on Ameno-m properH, committed prior
to 1800 referred to the Commit ee on Foreign
Re'auons
A'so, presented a memorial signed by mechanics
and others of New York, asking that an additional
duly may be laid upon certain imported goods, as
a means oí securing an amp e> amount of revenue,
and a home market for American manufactures,
by excluding manufactures of foreign countries
referred to the Committee en Manufacture .
Also, a memorial frori  the Boprd o* Tr?de of
New York, remonstrating posinst the repeal, but
sj2geotmg ceiirim arret dui-n's to the Bankiupt
law, ?mong oibpts, to ¡c.clntls; to pom ons.
Mr. MILLER prcstn'ed t o mernonals from
d rierent parts of New Jersey remonstrating
against the repeal or poMponement of the Bank-
rupt law.
Mr MILLER sa 1 thit, havrg had the honor
to present s-evenl memorials upon this subject, he
took pleasure >n responding ti that piayer, and
hoped t'ie Bankrupt bill woulu no' b; ippea'ed, at
leas' uitil it had a teir trial md should piove m-
Gffici n'. lie beheved he exp.e s^ti the views of
the people of New Jersey in saying t^us much.
Even these uho were ong.naliy op<-o ed to tnis
bill were as much opposed io the repea'. They
wfe opposed to this vaci latmg eour e of legisla-
tion. Why should the law be repealed? It had
but jost received th  consideration ot this body;
and now, ju^t at themomeit tb<" time ar'ived for
the enfoice"tent of thr' law, \te were to rep ai it—
to tep in at the ib psUi]J <,t the cu'irts oi ] '¡> ice,
and arrest the ,-rteipa ons of th s" it ho h^d
loo'<ed to this law for rcu f Tfe ^n-tor from
Pennsylvania [\5 Eociivna^] ha 1 refeired these
pes" 1- t ) 'h si Irs ii t'ii lent -s hej veie to the
enactment oí si ch laws Toe'í'a es eon d ppss no
such U" s, irid iviy b 11 voulj Le mefLc en! unless
it w¿s •> b II ra    d 1 y Congre s
Mr SrUtU/LJN pr sf«P) tie <-e olutions of
the Legtslaittie oi Pennsvlv^ma, surges in; that a
law may be passed spetdi'y for tie ?pp irtionmeat
of member^ of C n,res rrmng ths Stat s, ac<
cord ng to the l?st c¡ rsus, to prevent an extra ses-
sion of  the L gishi'ure r as1 a id laid on the table.
rir riL. CG a <! M' MOREHEAD pre-
«en'ed fe^onals, tskng tha' ih<. Bankiupt liw
m,y b repeaiel refeired to ¡lis Judiciary Corn-
mi tee.
Mr ALLEN presented a p-tition fro*n manu-
f^'jreisof iron in tue State of Orno, prajirg for
sue i prote-iioi as will enable ibpin to compete
v t,i to c<gn manufactures re.erred to it c Judici-
ary CommU'ic
Mr W.iLKER presented a menonal signe! by
217Citi/*ns(i Putsbtirgh Pa rcnonsna njagamst
in- repe t of t*e Banlcrupr
Mr W. made some rcnirk on tic propriety ( f
speedy action on the Bait-rupt bill, if u was the
intention of Congress to aet t^pen a at all, I pfora
the lime at which it #as to go m'o opera' or.     If
IN SEN\TE.
Saturday, Jinuary 22 1842
Mews CLAY, EVAN=! WRIGHT, CLAY-
TON, TALLMADSF, HUNTINGTON, MIL-
LER STURGEON RIVES, BERRIEN, MORE-
READ ai d WALKER, presented memorials re-
monstratiri aeamst any modification, amendment,
or repeal of the bankrupt law, which were seve-
rally referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY pre erted a memorial from the ntv
of New York, praying thit, m the arrangement of
the tarffof duties, such law may be erected that
whilst it pffordel smn'c pmount of revenue,
partial protection would be afforded to Amer csn
labor ordeied that the m°moml be printed, an!
referred to the C mmittee on Manufactures,
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a pe ltton
from the cit zens of New Albany, Indiana, pray-
ing the establishment of a port of entry at that
i
