amounted annually to at least $3,000,000; that it
furnishes employment to more than 100,000 tons
of shipping; is one of the best iiursenes of Amen-
can seamen m all our coasting trade; yet that the
burdens under which it is carried on, and the
frightful loss of human life which attend it for
want of the old inlet, are almost incredible.
Whether, therefore, the woik proposed be regarded
as opening a new harbor of refuge for our com-
merce from an enemy in time of war, or from the
frequent and violent storms of that coast, as re-
lieving our seamen ami vessels from the dangers
of shipwreck, or as freeing the commerce of one
of the most productive sections of (he couatry—a
section more extensive in territory and more popu-
lous than several of the States of the Union—from
burdens of ihe most oppressive character, it equally
demanded the favorable and immediate attention
of the Government.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Commerce on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
manfacturers of iron residing in Philadelphia, sta-
ting they cannot stand foreign competition if the
duty on that article be reduced to 20 per cent, on
home valuation; and that nothing less than the
tariff of 1839, will be adequate to enable them
to compete with the foreign manufacturer: referred
to the Committee en Manufactures.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial from
eitizsns of Michigan, remonstrating against any
repeal or postponement oí the Bankrupt law.
Mr. W. took the occasion to say that a large
majority of the people of Michigan weie decidedly
opposed to the repeal of the Bankrupt bill. The
Legislature of hit, State, as he learned by the news-
papers received last night, had passed resolutions
remonstrating against repeal. Mr. W. replied
also to some of the remarks of the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayaed,] made for the purpose of
refleemg upon thereculis which would follow the
enforcement of a Bankrupt law from some indivi-
dual transaction occurring in an obi-cure corner of
Michigan. Mr. W. defended his constituents
from any imputation, and stated the cheumstances
of the transaction alluded to, which acquitted them
of all blame.
Mr. CHOATB, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, reported a bill to satu-fy c'aim-
ants for French spoliations committed on their
commerce prior to 1800, which was read and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill directing war-
rants to issue for the bounty land due on account
of the services of Msjor General Duportail, Bri-
gadier General Armat.d, and Major De la Combe;
and
A bill for the relief of ih" heirs of Archibald
Parker, a soldier of the late war; which bills
were read and ordered to a second reading, and
the special reports accompanying them ordered to
be pnn'ed.
Mr. SMITH also, from the same committee, le-
ported adversely on the petition of David Low and
Charles P. Moulton; waieh was ordered to be
printed.                                                                  ,
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, on leave, introduced
a hill in relation to the navigation of the Neenah
and Wisconsin rivers; which was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, on lAave, a bill for the protection of com-
merce on Lake Michigan, in the Territory of
Wisconsin; which was read twice and retened t >
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, on leave, a bill to amend the act esta-
blishing the territorial government of Wisconsin,
which was read twice and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS made an pdveráe report from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [subject not
heard ]
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Commute on
Private Land Claims, reported back to the Senate
with amendments, the bill to revive an act entitled
an act to enable the claimants to lands within the
State of Missouri and Territory of Arkansas, to
institute proceedings to try the validity of their
claims, approved-  26th  May, 1824; and  an act
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
amendatory of the same, and ex'ending the provi-
sions of said acts to claimants to land within the
States of Louisiana and Mississippi; which amend-
ments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back to the Senate wi.h amendments, the
bill to authorize the settlement and payment of cer-
tain claims in the Siate of Alabama for the ser-
vices of her militia, &c. which amendments were
ordered to be printed,
Mr. CLAY presen'ed memorials from Pennsyl-
vania, Ohio, and New York, remonstrating against
a repeal oí the Bankrupt law, aid. expresbed the
hope that the debate upon this ¡>uVj ct would termi-
nate to day. lis said that the power to esiabhsh a
system of bankruptcy was expressly granted m tbe
Constitution upon the condition only th-t the lnw
should be uniform; and the motive which influ-
enced tbe States in making this grant, was that the
creditor and debtor in one portion of the Union
should be placed upon the same footing with thee
of another. He would not speak with regard to
the retroactive or prospective operation of a bank-
rupt law; but it might not be improper to remark
that the ancients, in times of calamity and distress,
sponged the pecuniary obligations of the unfortu-
nate debtor, and passed other measures for his re-
lief. Such a power, ^o possessed under the Con-
stitution, may look back as well as forward—
may be retrospective ss well ?s prospective. All
laws, then, in favor of insolvents and bankrupts
being synonyraou*, could ooerate on the past as
well as the future. A' this grant of power was
given to the General Government merely that
uniform'ty might be prererved, there w?s a
high obligation on the part of the General Go-
vernment to perform the duty growing out of
the investment of the power to r-stab'Kh a
uniform system of bnrkruptcy. Was it supposed
that the commercial S ates would ever have con-
soled to invest m Conrress this power, if they had
supposed that it would have remained a dead
letter in 'he Constitution? no: they conceived that
Congress would exercise it and pass a bankrupt law
uniform in its opeiati-m throughout the Union.
It was just, and it wa^ the imperative duty of Con-
gress fo pass uniform laws upon the subject. The
Constitution was an aggregate of power, of which
the States stripped themselves, and vested it in the
General Government for the gen  ral good of the
whole, and in its pans. Sime of the powers thuscon-
ceded to the Federal Governmeht in the Consti-
tution, related only to sectional interests—controlled
interests in wh;eh very few of the States partici-
pated; yet there weie other powers conceded, the
exercise of which were of vital importance to a
majority of the States, and of no interest to others.
With this view, the power to rea ulate commerce
was exercised for the benefit of the navigating m-
teiesl, which was enjoyed by but few ot the Sta'e-.;
and so with other powers; and this was the case,
too, with regard to thepowei to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy, a few Slates only being inte-
rested in the exercise of tt.
But it was the flu'y of Cong'es-, to tyas-'me into
the interests ol all the State*. It, f.u esampie, n
tome* States, there was a slight m'tre.i, or an ad-
verse leehi'g, and in o hei Suí-s a vital ínteres ,
v-;nat iught to be don ? The Union wa  a family
ol States, and then falernal affections, and th°n
harmony, could only be preserv A bv tiulu t! cop-
Cission", Therefoi", if any ■nen be tevc I that a
patticuUr measute would mfiVt paitial injury on
his own St«"te, he would content hni'elf wuh th3
reflection that it wao dempnded by 'he peculiar in-
terests of the o.her Sates. Under thrse vie is,
then, of tbe slight interest* on oí « hand, and of great
interests upon the other, it «eeraed to l.im that Con-
gress was b und to legi-htc without i<" srd to sec-
ciona' division-, but f.<r the -ni'i e co mtiv. It the
exprese of the p«w over ba'krurtcv, ¡hen, «vas
of vital interest 'o one 3 ate, and d'd not Hid ct ve-
nous injury on o'hers, it was the mi'v of fio>n?r ss
to le i«!ale upon it—«eii htng th1" interests ot all—
or fire up the powers to the States. It wa* 'heir
duty to act, or to untie the bands of the States,
About twenty years aso, wh«n ¡t stale of things
similar to the present existed, he took the ground ¡n
the House of Representatives that Congress ought
to exerci-e the power to establish a Bankrupt law,
or surrender it; and two years ago, when his late
colleague [Mr Crittewhen] introduced a bill of
that character, he voted font; not because his own
State was patticularly interested, (he did Jiot be-
lieve that five hundred of the citizens of Kentucky
would avail themselves of it,) $ut for the reason
that, in looking to the interest of the whole, it was
necessary to nuke a slight sacrifice for their benefit.
When they met at the extra session, they ma-
tured a sere? of measures, which wot to effect
different purpo-es rathe Union, and in different
degrees; and gent'ernen who voted for these mea-
sures, voted for them as a whole system, taking tbe
part least disadvantageous to their own States, be-
cause the s,j stem carried with it the relief which
they desired to obtain.
This system of measures was, the bill for the relief
of the Government from its embarrassments by
the imposition of new duties, which, though it
was far short of the extent to which his wishes
would have carried, yet it was a measure afford-
ing some relief. Tbe next, the measures for the
restoration of this currency. The third, the bill of
Distribution, to relieve the States and the people,
to save the people frpm direcí taxation, to pay off
the State deots, and to supply the National Trea-
snry by an easier and indirect taxation. The fourth
measuie was the Bankrupt bill, the necsssity for
whi"h was, in nine tenths of the cases, superin-
duced by the erroneous course of policy of the Fe-
deral Government.
Trie last was the one for the relief of the people
of tbis District Thus an entire system of mea-
su es for ihe ger.er?l rdicf was adopted, by conces-
sion, and by a compromise of sectional interests.
They were adopted as a system of measures—it
wai so understrod at the time. In regard to those
measures, if taken separately, they would have
affeced the interests oi different parts m different
degrees. In their separate character, some of them
would have betn voted down because they might
bave been considered injurious to particular sec-
tions. Gentlemen who voted for them did so be-
cause it was a system of measures. He, like
others, voted for tbe Bankrupt law, because it was
pait of the system. In regaid to Kentucky he
knew that she had no particular interest in its pas-
sage; iiut he took it because it was a part of the
systim Thus was the whole system carried
through, one depending upon the other. They
were now cal'ed upon to u: do one part of tbat
systim.
He considered the bill proposing to repeal this
act as a s,ort of entering wedge to the whole sys-
tem, to be followed up by the measure of the Se-
nator from Missouri, [Mr. Linn ] to repeal the
Land Distribution law. Ho did not complain of
this, as some gentlemen disapproved of ihe pro-
ceedings of the extra session; but he called upon
those who had concurred in th.s system,and would
«.quire win t! or they weie ready to undo the blessed
sets which weie thin pissed, .'lid strip the people
of the Utu'ed S Uuv «  they benefits? His col-
lesg.ie [vli MtRnikAD] thrught that hi [Mr.
M heíud] mi'Ut vow for the icpejl; but he,
(Mr. Ci ay,) vvitn a ki.owkdge of ihe magnanimity
and me jiut.ee  L the people of K-ntucky, knew
well t.iat when the question was rightly put to Ihem,
they would iiot ><• usjio extend their hand to their
fello "-c nz«ns whs weie now writhing under the
dislres, wmcA a meagre of this kind could as-
suage He knew that if this isolated question of
a bankrunt Iiw w¿, pre erued to Kentucky, ahe
would vo'e asnin . it. But he knew too well her
magnimrrut,— >!tvngh tin. law might to a very
'united men' - S ct her ¡uteris s injuriously—tbat
\.iitn sv>e wa-- to.d it >vas of vital interest to the
older S ak - <>i i.iu Confederation, and ¡oat it could
cot be nasx-ü uu.ec-s as a pari of Ihe system of
measar!¿, t> suppose ¡hat she would refuse her
support to it. T.te people of that State, in a spi-
rit of «vrnpahv, would say, if toe measure was
demaaaed by 'he interests of the other sections of
the* country, they would yield ihe.r objections to
ih  one measure, «nd take it as a part of the sys-
tem. " He p'edged his life í r it, that when Ken-
tucky was told tbat this was a link m the great sys-
tem of Whig measures, mclud-ng the Bank and
