Neither should he discuss the propriety or ne-
cessity of the home squadrom, for the defence of
our exposed coast against the strongest military
marine in the world, or enter upon the question
whether such a defence was a gri vanee to the
North Mr. M. had advened to this list of griev-
ances merely to show what ground had actually
been taken by the g ntleman himself in bis defence.
He had undertaken to make out a case of such,
gnevious oppression and tyranny, exercised by
the Government upon him and his, that i< ever a
case would justify an outraged psople in going into
a state of revolution, and bursting the band"? of so-
ciety, this case was ont, and the gentleman insis'ed
that he had done it. The right of peti'ion was
gone; and the action of Congress, in preparing for
a dissolution ef the Union, was the only means by
which the sacred and eternal rights of his constitu-
ents could be carried out mlo effect The gentle-
man had avowed that he had brought this petit on
forward in order to give those constituents tha
alarm, and to afford them needed information.
Still, however, the gentleman had further declared
that he should not at piesent advise an actual dis-
solution of the Union—no—not yet—not yel; but
it was coming—it was approaching.
Now, let any gentleman compare all this with
the ground of defence taken in behalf of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts by his friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Botts ] and where would the gentle-
man stand? The gentleman only wished an op-
portunity to prepare a report which should allay
agitation, and quiet the mindf of his constituents!
Oh, yes; and a rrecious foretaste the House had
enjoyed oí the nature of that document which the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela'ions
might be expected to send forta to the world, should
bis own lnMruc'ions to the committee be adopted
This was allaung yguation with a vengeance'
This was soothing mnation, this viajan sling
persuasive, fo'convmce them that in- union of ihese
States must be man tamed ' The gcnilea-an from
Virginia longed that tbeopportum'yshould begiven
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that he might,
by his elcqaent pen, by the force ef bis luminous
understanding, and the «hole weight of his p r
sonal influence, put down forever the unhappy spirit
of Nonhern discontent, and make hi4 constituents
ashamed that ihey had everharhored a thoughtofso
dire a sacrilege as the dissohiiijn of this Union'
What' trust this task of an angel oí peace to the man
who openly avowed that he had m'roduced the memo-
rial for the purposes of a'arrn' assun th s task of
healing to the man who foi'ified the right to abo-
lish this Government by an appeal to the Consti-
tution, and who stimulated men to the exerci e of
this right by presenting an accumulation of
grievances such as never had been endured on
earth before, and the only remedy for which was
a destruction of the Union ' And an American
House of Representative', themselves the imbo-
died image ot this great nation, were to leave to
hands like these the ta k oi soothing the írri'a-
tions and quieting the alarms of a discontented
people!
Mr. M confessed that he bad listened to the
gentleman with wonder, but if he wondered at
the ground taken by the gentleman from V rginia,
[Mr Botts,] hew bad that wonder been incrca-ed
when he listened to the gentleman's own imme-
diate friends. A gontleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Saltonstill,] a person*! friend and neighbor
of the accused, had appealed not only to the age
and to the past services of his friend, but to his de-
scent from the But ¡>h regicides He had dwelt on
his talents, his learn.-g, h shi hgfinj ng, bis nfii-
enee, his weight of thar?e'er, and above ?!1 to his
indomitable, persevering couiuge The gentleman
had advised the Hriise rot to t"k° h m in band,
for he was a descendant oí that s ubborn u-ew
who, beginning with a pe'it 01 of r ght, h,d got e
forward with untiring a d undevia mg f otsfps,
till they had ended in o'ertur'ung itie Bri ish Go-
veinment, and bringing the head ot Char'es I to
the block—of men who had c?st them-elve- on the
bosom of the wild ocean, and had sought a home
upon the bleak and desolate shores of an unknown
¡and, rather than yield one men to what they
dseraed a denial of their rights at home-—raen who
eoNGRÉSSIONAJb GLOB&
warred, and warred to the death, rather than to
cherish for one moment the thought of submission.
Finding in tb's House one of the defendant* of
the forty regicides of England, whoss imagination
was thoroughly possessed with the idea ihat he and
his associates were as grievously and ai intolerably
oppressed on this side the Atlantic a* h'b anchors
had been on their native shores, and vv h >, remem-
bering that those ancestors had overturned and
piostrated the British throne, seemed to be equally
confident that ihey couM upheave the franda ions
of the American Republic, the gemlcrmn woell
persuade the House that it was a thing a'u getb r
vain to think of laying its hand of au honu upon
one who had such blood in his veins, and r at bere-
ft re the course alike of duty and of poli'-f ms, t ia*
they should fold their hands and give h m rope
And why? Because that, by attempt ng >o con-
trol him, we should only provoke his peop'e more
and more, and that they would but com  vpnn
us the sooner, should they see a fingpr laid hows
ver lightly, upon their indomitable leader1 Fui
one, (said Mr. M ) so help me Heaven, it is r¡n
argument I will neveryield to. If I ever could
be brought to legislate under terror, siandn g ss I
do, under my oath to the Constitution and my ob-
ligation to the Amerran people, these are the
things, thes3 are the very considerations, w'l.ch
would induce me to vote for a deeper, ?nd a ^or r
punishment than that n w proposed Th" g i le-
mán from Massachu«etis told me ¡hit I v s ,,ot
able lo comprehend the right of he c tiyen, that I
knew notntng of the Constitution of py own
country, or of the liberties and franchise ^heh
that instrument was made to protect, and lhaf the
resolutions I have offered here indicate «ofh igm-
rance I listened, too, to what my colleague <¡ai 1
aoout the charge of high treason whuh he re-
solutions involved Will ihe House boai sihr#
so far as to allow m" to read the passage w th
whier> it was my desire to preface tberesoiut'cn 1
have offered?    The words are the,e :
(tlVhcrras the Federal f o i^tt innn is  i pern   nen   fumof
Goveinmet t, mil ot perpetu U oblrauor mill! altered ot ino 1
fied m the-mode pointed out in that in tumeni   ant then em
beis of thi* Jlouat denvn n then ] ohncdl ehaiacier ti d }t v
ers from the same" are svvoin to <-uppnic it   it d the di     1 i i   i
of the Union necessarily implies the destruction of th it in ti u
ment, the oveltluow of the American Republic   lid the ex     I
tmcuon of oui nali n tl existence a proposition, theier re In tl e    I
Repieientalivesol the people to dtssohe   the oijzatue lw->
flamed by then constituents, and to suppittwuieh they a ' HPi
minded by thosectnstituentstobe sw nn bel He    i y met In
Uf on the execution of the political poweis1 cieatedby it ut 1 en
trusted to them is a high bieach of pnvllej;e   i en e i pt 01
leied to ttm Ho ise adireel proposition to tbe I t£f «1   n e,   id
each member if it to commu peijuiy  and involving ncees a
nly mits execution and its consequences the destine ion of out
countiy and the crime of high treason '
Now, it is not here said that the drawing ip o
this petition is an act of treason; nor bat the ff-
fermg of the petifon here is trepsor, ror even
that ihe «nacting of the s atule for which the pen
lion prays would be treason; but it declares J^t
the executing of those statulei, in the .ic nal i' o-
lution of the Union, woiSd necessamy bi a tr-d
by it e commission of treason.
[Mr. Adams     Tti >t begs the queMi r ]
Mr. M. I beg no hirg of jou,sir, notl, u„   Hi 1   |.
am told that I must coritet ihe po iti   bere t    1,
because the memorial asks for a pear ibi * o s     (.
tior of the Union     A peaceable d ssolsi  -> i o   t! e
Union'    Itcannoibe.    tJ^fore the  bono   "relio     j
ken, war must be made     It will h" nn < fe     ■> 
Un on on o'ie'ide, a id se-s¡nst it i n lae it  •>v, a
making war against thf O vernnen  1-     a oi    a    I
peaceable dissolution'    How will yon ar abo     \i  |
The petition ímpbes, pn' the  ent!e>m!   v -      ns    1
that it caí bs ¡one only  by Congress     f   ,.  t   1
thrn, to m/ colleagues to sgi, if w  h-"'e 1    1     r
power 'o do iny «uch thin      But  ih^  * 0' omd
says   that   it we   cinn% h^n   ih -  n<-V o   i'"    I
peopie   is   nnga'ory,   1 realise  i e t1 eg r   - 0'
p acea'jly be done  n p> y oth"r «->     I 1
dowi as a phi'csoph c*l ¿n 1 po'itical tr 1 '1   t j   ■■
Union like ours never c1 a bt dis o\\°A,   -\     '
unver a'assmt or by   f ic  of amis,    í            >
down th t the Government of this t 1 1 s 1
Govriiment essentially, ara that the Ur llei a l
is a body politic. I, as a citizen ail a p«rt or ibi
United S ates, snd have a pait in this Go era
ment, and il.e Federal Conslituaon, and r>\
share  of   protect on    under   it,  constmre  m,
__________________18 
birthright. Yon may dissolve the Union. Soa,
in bis mercy, forefend that you ever shoujd; but
you will never do it but by force. Never; sever.
I say that the very idea of executing an act of
Congress providing for such a purpose, could the
day ever arrive when such an act should pass, does
involve treason, because it could not be executed
bu' by force of arms An-i that the very passage
of the act does involve perjury, because we have
sworn to support the Constitution. Suppose we do
so much violence to our imaginations as to con-
ceive that s uch an act has been passed, how will
it v-ork? It will ccme to Kentucky, and it will
tell the people of that State that there is no United
S> ites—no American Constitution, that there is no
Fe '„ral Government, and no State Government;
thplsociety is resolved into its original elements.
1 s?v theie are no S ate Governments, b-cause if
the Federal Government is destroyed there is no
lorger any Government armed with the attributes
of siv-reignty Tne State Governments cannot
make peace or war; they cannot own a navy; they
cannot com money—I mean good money—and
tnerefoie I say the dissolu'ion of the Union dis-
solves the State Governments And will any gen-
t eman tell me that, in a juncture like this, under
an aticnpt toibssolve the national compact and
throw all civil and social ties to the elements of
I ieavrn, fi*t I 'iho have sworn again and again
to snip iri the Federal Constitution will have no
right 'o draw the sword? Will any man that
kiows Kentucky believe tha' Kentucky will not do
1?    Me*t assuredly she will.
It is seldom wo>th «hile to discu s a mere ab-
s ract prop' sit on, but when you come to such a
p opoo t on a" trie ntht to dissolve this Union, the
propc 11 11 's abstrart no longer; * becomes prac-
tical and m-imentoiis m the highest degrte Dis-
solve the Un on ' Ye , throw Kentucky back upon
b r e", í ree rn fa- in ih^ mienor, lying buried m
ihe f r Wts*, hack of s^ me new empire which
these desc-ml nts of the regicides shall have esta-
blished on the At'anac coos'—'ay us under their
oveishu' owing power' make us tlip subservient
depen an s of New York, arJS of Virginia, and
S iu h Oardipi' And then U.Hm° 'his can be done
wi bou' fore ' ihai it is all to be effected under
tvcmild, the bbnl, the racific, toe amiable
re 'oiiu f of the gentleman from Mas«achusetts:
No, sp; it never ca", u never will, be so effected.
Cimt tha' thy v hen it wll, it mil be bloody.it
wiU be ho'ii^te It must be, arid it will, be so, at
any Urn , of umltr -miv ci cams anee', but at a pe-
r*o like t..i , nd uk. 'er a state ol society like ours,
i?vi!iga people oí rueh eharact nstics and such
neans, th convulsion mu« be followed by herréis
for wh'oh his'piy has no paral 1 1. Good Heavens'
1! we ca' pot 1 ve in peace wbiic we are united to-
f.etl rr by all manner of t es, obticat ons, and int--
ic ', nest ?s ure '(y ve rever shall when a 1 ihese
1 c aie bro^t", an t State is sunderel from S ate,
" 1 <iU are le ' to a general eoT te«tof un>-estrained,
■it '"fid ed -e fi lie s ?nd ambit on
II I wander from tie sn'j ct, I wanjpr from it
in pur,"if oí h pKil'e 1 an from Uas'-arhusetf,
t  1   h si j n    \   y     Thit g"itierrin objec'S to
s .r ers He tei's us 'h^t gent'em n from the
S  >t     i 1^ comciei' lo try hra on the charge
0    1 rgi"i- forw d e fiopo man to dissolve tms
tT i ° To" bjuti ip?y «el' tnank the «-ent'eman
f on r^T"ss"cl u ei v. I' is a g'onuus compliment
He 1' p id b r and tpi te**imony alone, coming
{<■ 1    sjch >< ih % hmi y, oofht to be suffLient m
1   tin •' > no 11! tc cutc'iei naayshadeof past
1 s .-c p s <r a <ss ihAi may otdim its bnght-
i           j' =ij(of  ibiE errors has now gone by;
1   \e r-er,i t^ -in fe Yi "vt^s sc tusetts himself be-
,  „       r", 1 e rjien ct     e So nh m this hall are so
so   rt  of"b ijS-nrtlierably.sohopelesoly,
'  t" lb s U 101, 'hit tuey aie not fit to tiy
r    it ,csv  of bringing iorftard a ptopi&il
s     v t   Aoejiuin^ 10 .hegtrt'eman, Northern
■ eli, hej cai judge, havi>¿ro  Lchbasra
!-   •-    a/     v*  11 Non hern gentlenen her" ?cqui-
r   en   hM sla'-iieni?    When'he quest on comes,
I  ^ch a course woiihy of censure"* will Northern
s.«"itíer¡en heie declare ifait it is not censuiablet
Wi'l they endorse this pen 1 r-, un\ the reasoning
by which it is su.tameul   Will thoy tell the Ara -
©
