196
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sac
ginal and independent amount in addition to the sum autho-
rized to be raised by former Jaws, and its adoption by the Se
nate is, m effect, originating a 'bill for raising revenue '"
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
•which he said was substantially the point which the
House had just decided.
Mr. ATHERTON appealed from the decision
of ¡he Chair, and aoked the yeas aad nays; which
■were ordered.
Alter a brief conversation, in which Messrs. W.
W. IRWIN, LEWIS WILLIAMS, FILLMORE,
and the SPEAKER participated—
The question ''Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House1?" was taken  '
and decided in ttie affirmative—yeas 117, nays 76
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed        «
The questí m recurring on the third amendment
of the Senate—
Mi. HOPKINS moved to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table
Mr. PlLLMORE a^ked the yeas and n?ys,
which weic ordered, and being taken, were as fol-
lows:
YE\S—Slessrs Landafi W Andiews, Arnnfton Atheiton,
Beeson, Botts, Bowne Boyd, Btewster, Milton "Brown, Burke,
William Butler, Green W Cild veil, Patrick C Caldwell,
"William B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Caiuthers, ( ary,
Chapmar tiflird, Clinton, Coles, Cooper, Cross, líame!,
Richaid D Davie, Dean Doan, Doig, Eastman, John C i d
waids, Egbert, Feins, John C* Floyd, Charles A Floyd, Foi
nance Geny, Gilmer, Goggin, Gordon, Green, Gustme,
Gw.n, Hams, John Hastings, Holmes, Hopkins, Houek,
Houston, Hubard, Huntei, Jack, Keim, Andiew Kennedy,
Lane, Lew,51, Lmn, Lutlefaeld, Lowell, Robert McClellan, ¥c
Kay, Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John 1 Mason,
Mathio , Mathews, Meddl, Miller, Owsley, Partndge, Payne,
Pickens, Promt, Rayner, Rtding, Reynolds, Rhett, Rises,
Rogers, Roosevelt, ¡Sanfoid, baunders, Shaw, shields, Wll
ham Smith. Snydtr, sprigg, Steentod, John T Stuart,
Sumtei, R chard W Tnompson, Jacob Thompson, Tmnty,
Van Buren, Waueii, Watterson, James W Williams, and
Ch istopfierH W il'tams—-9ft
IS AYS—Messrs Adam , Allen, Sherlock J Andrews, Ai
no'd, Ayeiisg, Baker, ii miard, Bidlarf,, líirdseye, XÍ air, Board
man, B is^s, B ockway Aaron V Brnwn, 1 B own, Bumell,
Sam-jn II Biulei, Ca'houn, lolin Campbell, Casey, Childs,
Chinen len, Jolm C Clatk, Stahy is Clarke Cowen, Cranston,
Ciavens, Ciishiiiir, Garrett Davis Debeiry, John rdwards,
ílveiett, Justicien, Fillmore, Thomas F Fostet, Gamble
fííits, Gentry, Patr'ckG Goode Gianni, II ill Hal&red ilays,
Hem}, Hudson, Joseph R Iiigeisoll, William W iiwin, James,
William Cost lohnson, Isaac D lones, T P Kennedy Law
yence, Abtaham McClellan, Thomas F Marshall, Samson
Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaril, Menwethei, Muuu,
Mo gan, Mmiuw, ^ewhnrd, Oabome Pendleton Pope Powell,
Ram°ey Benjamin Rmdall, It mdolph, Ridgway, Rodney,
Will tin Russell, I M Russell, -laltonstall, Shepperd, 1 ruinan
¡Sonto Stanly, totokely, Alexander II II Stuart, rsummcis,
Tahafeiio, iolm K Pi ompoon.lillinKhast Toland, Tomlmson,
Trumbull Undeiwood, \ an Reu^^elaei, Wallace, Washington,
Westbrook, Ehvaid D White, Thomas W Williams Lewi*
Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wmthrop, Wise, \orke, Au
gustus Young, and   Iohn Young—101
So the bill and amendments were not laid on the
table.
And he question again recurring on coneumrg
in ihe amendment of the Senate st'iking out I he
proviso of the House that tbe amount of Treasur,
noies which might be issued unt er the authority of
this act should be deemed and taken ia lieu of «o
murk ot the loan b.ll, &c
The yeas and nays were taken, and resulted as
follow;:
1. L Vfe MtT > Adams, Alien, LanJaf W Ai diew-, Shei
Jock J Andiews, Arnold, Aycrieg, Ba(%i.r, Bai lard, Biid= cye,
JÍ -ill, Bo tdman Hnggs IiroeJ.way, Milton Brown, Jeremiah
Ii own, Bumell, Calhoi n, Thomas J Campbell, Caiuther*1,
( mljs, Chittei den, lihiC ClaikStaHyN Cluke, Cowen,
tit iul, Cravens, Cttshl i£r, Cillett Davis Debeiry Join
Ll^ rls Everett F ssenden, I illmore,Gambk Gates, Gentry,
Gi Idines Patrick G Giode, Gi ilnm, Ctangtr, f.ieen Hall,
Halsitd Ilerry Hudson J se| h R Inge soil Willi im W
Jiwid lame*, William Cht Johti=on, laaac D tones T P
Kt inuiy I twience, 11 in, Samson M win, Matlnot, M ittocks,
AIik\ eii, M ynaul, MenweihT, Mooie, Mugan, Mono\ ,
O ül. k Pe idleton, Pipe Powe i Itim=cy Peman m Ra cl ul,
Rand j h Rtvner.R dgway Rodney William Rus^e 1 lame 
jM Ru ceP, -nhonsn1!, Sneijfiel 1 Tiunian Smith, Manl),
■Mok Iv, Aie\a derll H Small ^ummei-^ Pali^ferio John B
111 if oí, i ilbngha^t, lnl.n 1 1 milui'ion liumbuP.Wathcc
Win n Wa«hn eton Ldwald D White Thomas \\ Will
jan % Ilwi-, W mams Chn tonhct II Wil lam1', Jaxejh I
Wi i ■> vvmrrop YS iae, \oii e, Augustus loung, and John
Voug—.00
Wt) Me sis *riin"inn, Al icrton,Bce<rn Bidlack Bull ,
II Vvue Bjvl' B ewatel Aan i \ Brown, Charles Brown,
Bu k^ a ¡I Bullei Wlham limW Creen W Cal'well Pt
mck C Ca'dwell, John ( ampbell, Caiy Casey, Chapman,
C ifrbid Clinton Col s Cross Daniel, R ]) Davis Dean,
Uo.nl Doig Laslr.ian, idm G rdwaid , LgVeif Peina John
C T iov I Charles A Fiovd, i-ornance T F Fostei, Geirv,
f.iln i, Gooffin Ooidon Guidi e Dura ¡(am- John
Ha nigs Ha>s, Ilo'ine , Ho, km HuucJ. fKust n llu'ian!,
Hunter, lick, Kolro, Andrew Iveuu dy I ane T i w < L'ttlefitld,
lowcli Abiaham McClellan, Robert JkCle an, McKay,
Mal'o y Maiehand, Alfred Marshall, Iohn Thompson
Mivi Mathews Medí 1, Miller, Isewhard, Owsley, Pir
tiid"t Payne Pickens, Promt, Reding, Reyno'ds, Rhett, Riggs,
Rooceveli, Sanford, Saunders Shw, Shields, William gnnth,
Snyder, Spngg, Steenrod, Stiatton, John T Stuart, Sumter,
Richatd W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Under
wood, Van Buren, Van Rensselaei, Watterson, Westbrook,
James W "Williams, and Wood—100
[A tie vote.]
The SPEAKER (wilh great promptness) voted
in the affirmative, causing the vote to stand, ysas
101, nays 100.
So the amendment was concurred in, [and the
bill only needs the s'gnature of the President to be-
come a law.]
It stands now in the following form;
Be it enacted, <J-c That the President of the United States
is heieby authorized to cause Treasury notes to be issued foi
such sum or sums as the exigencies of the Government may re
quire, and in place of such of the same as may be redeemed
to cause others to be issued, but not exceeding the sum of five
millions of dollars of this emission outstanding at any one ame,
and to he issued under the limitations and other provisions con
tamed in the act entitled "An act to authorize the issuing of
Treasury notes," appioved the twelfth of October, one thou
sand eight hundred and thirty seven, except that the authority
hereby given to issue Treasury notes shall expire at the end of
one > ear from the passaee of this act
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House .ad-
journ.
But Mr. PENDLETON was desirous, he said, to
offer an amendment to the amendment of tne pen-
tit man from Kentucky (Mr. Marshall) en the
question of privilege pending before the House,
and which he desired to read for information
Objection was made by Messrs PROPPIT and
MALLORY.
The amendment which Mr. PENDLETON de-
sired, but wasnoS permitted lo read, is m the fol-
lowing words.
Resolved, That the Constitution was " ordained and esta
Wished" to form a ' per ect union" of these States, and that
C ongresc has not only no authouty totake any measures for the
dissolution of that Union which it was thus c-eated to defend
and protect, but that it is the paramount duly of eveiy de
paitment ot" this Government, and oí all the people of the=e
- tales "indignantly to fiown upon the first dawning of every
attempt to alienate any portion of our countrv from the resl,
o i to enfeeble he sacred ties which now link togethei the van
ous paits "
Resolved, That this House view^> with the utmost abhor
lence the proposition to dissolve the Union of these ^iates con
lamed m apention of certam cuizens of the town of Haveihiil,
in il e ^tate of Massachusetts* and piesented by Iohn Ctuir\C\
^oams a mtmuei from saidS^ate
Resofved, That sail petition be not received
Mr BR1QGS renewed the motion to adjiurr.
So"ie cinfusion and much conversation fol-
lowed.
Mr ADAMS resumed the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. BARNARD, who movd that the House
adjourn; but yielded to
The SPEAKER, who, on leave, presented
(amongst many other communications on his ta-
ble) the following:
A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, in obedience to the directions corlamed
in the 3Í section of ihe act of the 20 h Apr,!, 1836,
containing statements, showing the sales of Chicka-
saw lands, during the fourth quarter of 1840, and
¡he first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 1841;
snd the s-^ount and description of slocks held by
tne United States for the use of the Cfcucka«aw In-
diars, the rate of interest payable on thesa^e, and
when redeemable, referred to ihe Commntee on
Indian Affairs.
The SPEAKER laid before the Honse a om
mumoation from the President of the United Slates,
tia"smittmg a report from the Secretary of Wai,
in obed.enee to a resolution of the House ol the
9ih August, 1841, of all the evidence in b'S posses-
sion i ot herp'ofpre rorpinuiiieatcd, respecting the
cri« r, &c   rfthr Seminole war. laHcntte tabic.
The SPEAKER had rnvpeded thus fa',
WLnKi PENDLETON rnptie aieneweUf-
fort 'o read his amerdment.
The motion to ?djourn was lenewel by Ms.
FiLLMORE and ir is'ed on.
And the Hocso adjOuracd
IN SENATE
Monday, January 31, 1842.
Immed'aiply aff-r the reading of'he journal to-
day, and the annunciation, by message from the
House of Re preventatives, that that body had con-
curred m the amendment of the Senate to the
Treasury note bil%
Mr. Simmons of Rhode Island rose, and address-
ed the Senate as follows:
