198                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
An act for the relief of Welham Depeyster and
Henry N Cruger.
An act for the relief of Caleb Eddy.
An act for the relief of John S. Billings.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
On leave given, Mr. FILLMORE, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a bill
making an appropriation for the relief and proteciion
of American seamen in foreign countries; which
■was committed to a Committee ot the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. FILLMORE offered the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That, m addition to the information required of
theSecretary of State by the resolution of this House of Sep
tember 3,1841, he be required to give a table exhibiting a com
parative statement between the tariffs of other nations and that
of the United States
Mr. CROSS then renewed h.s notion fjr leave
to introduce the resolution above referred to.
Mr. ADAMS insisted on his resolutions being
considered pan passu.
Mr. GILMER desired to be informed by the
Speaker whether any dela> v ould be produced bv
these resolutions in the PcUcn upon that v, h ch he
liad the honor to offer.
The SPEAKER ssid he could not an=-wei that
inquiry. The information might come at one , or
it might not.
A bri"f cinvei'atioa followed, very indistinctly
heard by ihe Reporter, in which Messrs. GILMER
and ADAMS participated
When Mr. ADAMS vid he took it for granted
the House would now proceed with his case. He
claimed the floor.
Mr CROSS made a remark not heatd by the
Reporter.
[But Mr C'a resolution was not received.]
Mr. STANLY asked leave to offer a resolution
authorizing th  Committee on Public Exppn Vures
to employ acieik.
Mr VAN BUREN rose and objected
Mr  STANLY  moved  the previous  question,
which was decided by the SPEAKER not to be in
order, the resolution only lw mg been read f 3r in-
formation, and  the gentleman fro n  New York
[Mr. Van  Burén] having immediately risen and
objected.
So the resolution was not received.
A message was received from the Senate, by
A Dickins Esq Secretary, informing the House
that the Hon. N. F Dixon, Senator from th 
State of Rhode Island, had departed this life in thi
city on the 29 ih instant, and that his funeral would
take place to-morrow, the 1st day of February, at
12 o'clock.
Mr. TILLINGHAST thereupon rose and ^aid
Mr. Speaker: It is wuh no common emotion
that Irise to notice the sad communicatirn which
has now been sent to as by the honorable Sena p.
It tells U3 that a pure heart has ceased to throb—
that a wiss head has ceased to think—that a life
of virtuous action, which had held on in unbro-
ken health and usefulness to a , green and
hale old age, has now, m the midst of public
toils, and in a station of w ll won as d well
worn honor, terminated—that the «pint which in-
formed that life, and directed it to all that thf cul-
tivated instincts of a generous nature perceived lo
be good, has been fried from the incua brance of
flesh, and enrered upon the h gh and co'igen al
destinies which are unfolded m the world of im-
mortality It tells us, too, that, while we occuoy
these halls, and tax our stronge t iacul'ies, ?nd
embark our loftiest virtues or our sternest p.^sions
m the agitating interest which seem to demaiü
these efforts, there is an unseen Power amongst us,
in whose presence ail the powers of msn are but
as stubble and ashes—who has but sdently to to ¿ch
either the silvered crown of age or the firm and
confident brow of earher manhood, and, instantly
and equally, they fall—the eloquent tongue is mute
and the heaving bosem is still.
Mr. Speaker, were it not that the notices appro-
priate to these melancholy occasions must of ne-
cc-sity be brief, I would gladly speak of the de-
ceased Senator (Colonel Dixon) more largely than
I thall now allow myself to do I would speak of
him wi'h the privilege of one who for nearly thirty
years has enjojed his fcien-ship, who has been
a«soc a'ed wi a him m professional and m legisla-
tive labors; and who, in any effort for the improve-
ment of the laws and institutions of his State, and
for the advancement of wha'ever was thought con-
ducive to the permanent prosperity of his fellow-
cit z<ms—always relying upon him as amongst th'
foremos'—aever reUed upon him in vain
To most nf the members of this House, he was,
probably, known only in bis public station. To
tho'e distinguished S nat is whose nearer ac-
quaintance bs ««so happy as to enjoy, (and he
couid no! enjoy t a' without enjoying aho their
aff-ctiop ) t won'' b" s'-pernuous to enlaige upon
the tra'*s of that modest and bland, but at the
«•ame tup  strong, energetic, influential character,
wh.ci r-arkod Hii in h's individual and so-
cial as veli as> in his offlc.al relations to men and
thing*. Th'u bfrw opportunities may have oc-
cu'-td to him h°re for t*>e development of all his
qialttvs, ye* I beltve th?t his qu'ck and aocuiate
power of obie vat oi — he promptness of his pe-
netration—the soundness of his deliberate judg-
ment—thf ennst-.nt sun'Mne of his cheerful bene-
volence—his serene patience under trials and vex-
ation —th" simple-hearted truth, the transparent
honestv, of hi-, desires and purposes—ihe bold
net'1 if his assertion of the right—the endur-
in* firmnes of his resolution—t!>p clear integrity
and the high tonsd ronor of his daily thoughts—
these, I believe, hive not been without then wit-
nesses here But I will not attempt to group all
all the strong and clear and beautiful qualities of
mind and heart th it cons ltuted in him ability in
action and in council, and invested him with a
moral influence, (of greater value than all talent,)
which added its just foice to every effort of his in-
tellectual streng'h. Sweetness of disposition nrd
power of inte'b=ct were in him blended in lhat hap
py and ha-mohious union, without which neither
can be of distirjgui-.'ied value to tfe possessor or to
the woik'
His sterling character, unoblrosive and unambi-
tious of daily distinct on, was one of those reserved
meal resources of which this nation has many—
though few, if any, more marked and sure than he
—on win h, in the testug times of trial call for the
better powers of man she might draw, with a con-
fidence that need not falter, for the conservation of
all that ma> be in peril.
I am not aware that he ever made a profession
of Chr «tian'ty according to the forms of any
church, but his life was a continual profession of
the trjth and divme excellence of its precepts.
His iesp-vt 'or it ro'emrtties and love of its wo*-
sm i, hi-, lead/ pid n the pio notion of its inte-
rests, hi humble and consten ious performance
of tne c'ut es i' enjoins, his untiring exhibí ion
of all tre «antics of life which it inculcates, are
evideice that, if he postponed a more precise de-
monstdtion, it was still the very spirit of Christia-
nity which wrought in his bosom and regulated his
actions.
The history of our State will not be without its
testimonies to his character and services, and it is
there where he was best known that his loss will be
most truly appreciated and deeply deplored.
Though bom in the adjom'ng State of Connecti-
cut, he early selected Rhode Island for education
and citizenship He graduated with honor from
the colK ge which is now Brown University, at
Providence, and after competing his preparatory
study of the law in the office of Judge Goddard, at
Norwich, he commenced a practice which soon
became extemivem both States, and made his per-
manent residence in Rhode Island. He was first
brought into puo ic Ufe by an election to the Le-
gislature or that S at=; aad such was the estimation
in which he was held by the citizens of his imme-
du'e coramnni), that at 1!.irty-four successive
elections they cort.naed to reiurn him as their re-
presen a'ive Ba mg this period he «as a promt 
cent and let ve par'<e pitor in all the important
transac i  i 3 of tic b'd , an1 his hut effor' there
was in benlf of th- lien doi t ful and obstruct-
ed, but pov tu'irrunant cause of the temperane
reform
Parsing thenct p?" n to private life, b° occupied
himself ii the honorable pm*mt of'his profession,
in the proseculio < (f important public wak", in
kind attention tot er eres1? of others, and in the
afft^tionate offices that e"deared h m lo a happy
home, in il,m 1838, without bis own solicitation or
effort, he was plecr°d by ihe Legislature to a seat
in the S'na'e of the United State*, for the term
commencing m March, 1839 It is gratifying to
the citizens of bis State to perceive that, in that
body of distinguished men with whom he became
thus associated, a just appreciation of his worth
has been manifested, both by the assignment to him
of important positions in relation to the public busi-
ness, and by the kndett personal demonstrations of
respectful regatd.
In the discharge of every Senatorial duty he was
vigilant and constant, and iinsparfhg of himself,
until his labois weie interrupted at the present ses-
sion by the first and only disease that ever in his
life reduced him to his bed, and this has now-
proved fatal. On Saturday last, at noon, at the
age of s¡sty-«even years, in the full possession of
unclouded faculties, with patient ard even cheerful
resignation, and with humble hope, he died.
The death of a Senator of so much intellec'ual
supenonty akd moral worth is an event for the
wide and deep regret of the nation. The abrupt
loss of their long loved and honored fehow-ciuz n
will be felt and deolor^d by the citizens of his own
State with a still keener and deeper grief.
But, sir, there is a c rele to *vhich this all unan-
ticipated blow has e?rned b.lterness an! ageny
which it veré as vain as ¡t would be ob'rusi' e to
attempt to depict The "orrows m the hearts of
that circle are to., -ew a«ci too sacred for any com-
ment hrre, except to refer to the fact that here are
suca to suffer. To the widowed survivor, and to
the bereave 1 sen-) and f'atjghter", I can trust my
self only to saj th-t, in all sincerity of tru- 71c.
patny and resieet, we coin trend them to that power
wh ch alone coulJ deal ihe blow, and alone can
impart the consolations wh ch may convert it into
mercy.
Mr T then submitted thf> following resolutions,
which we*e unamrmusiy adopted.
Resolved, That the House has received with deep senslbili
ty the communication from the Senate announcing the death of
the Hon Nathan Fellows Dixon, a Senator from the State
ot Rhode Island.
Resolved, That, in token of pincers and high respect for th«
