CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ing the consistency of his course as well as his pri-
vate opinion on the subject. He said he was now
relieved from all embarrasiment in relation to the
matter, as his Legislature bad refused to say that
they preferred he should change his course of sc
tion. He was happy to find there was no diffe-
rence of opinion between his Legislature and him-
self upon the subjec; and he should, therefore, feel
bound to maintaiu the law until it should have a
fair trial. After that, he would go for any amend-
ments, or even repeal, that experience and the
voice of the people should require, as he had but a
single object in view, which was the good of his
lellow-men; and while he voted for the bankrupt
law, he presumed all who knew him would do him
the justice to believe that no personal considera-
tions governed or controlled his action in the mat-
ter.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the petition of
Asahel Kingsley, praying a pension: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from the
Mayor and City Council of St. Louis, Missouri,
praying an appropriation for deepening and com-
pleting the harbor at that city: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Plainsborough, New Jersey,
praying for the establishment of a post office at
that place: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MOREHEáD presented the petition of the
heirs of William Meredith, praying the repayment
of certain advances made by him during the ¡ate
war: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. W00D8RIDGE presented two memorials
.from citizens of the State oí Michigan, bosh re-
monstrating against the amendment, postpone-
ment, or repeal of the Bankrupt Lvr. Mr. W.
said that these remonstiances had c. m° it, and he
presumed would come in, from all sections of the
country, until the result of the action of Congress
was known in reference to repeal. The people of
the country would then cease to remonstrate, in
the expectation that there would be something like
quiet. Mr. W. expressed himself warmly in favor
of the law, as a law just and moral, and the ne-
cessity of passing which had grown out of the ac-
tion of the Government. The law then should be
enforced, and opposition should cease The un-
happy altercation in the policy of the country had
created the necessity for passing the law. Why,
then, should it be repealed? Why should it be
postponed, for that would be equivalent to repeal?
Contracts were made always wi'h the knowledge
that such a power was in the Constitution. Again,
it was trifling with the fundamental principles of
justice to postpone or repeal this law after it had
once become a la ¡v. We should let well enough
alone.
Mr. KERR presented a petit:on from L. D.
Teackle, praying a settlement of his accounts for
timber furnished to Government, and as adminis-
trator of John Te&ckle, deceased: referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of Pierre Dolet, deceased, which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr.PRESTON, fro-.! ibeCosimit'ee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reponed back to the Sécale, viith
amendments, the bill to refund a balance due to
Massachusetts for expéndante* made by that Stue
during the late war wi:h G:eat Britain, fur the ser-
vices of her militia.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claim"-.
on ihe claims of Henry W. Andrews; the adverse
report of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
on the case of Enoch R. Withers; the adverse ¡e-
ports of the Committee on Pensions on tha cases of
Eliza Ballard and Joseph Veazy, were severally ta-
ken up and concurred in.
The adverse report of the Commi'tec on th? Ju-
diciary, in the case of William Saunders and Wil-
liam R. Porter, was taken ud, and on the motion
of Mr. ARCHER, ordeicd to lie on the table.
The adverse rj ports of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, on  the claim of  the heirs of
Capt. John Hawkins, and the claims of the heirs of
Rotert H. Saunders, were taken tip and concur-
red in.
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Evass, was adopied, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of trie Treasury be directed to
communicate to the Senate any information in his possession
showing the comparative tariffs of duties of foreign nations
upon imports, with such other information as he may deem
relevant to the subject.
THE ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
The resolution < f Mr. KING, proposing that
Congress adjourn, sine die, on the 30lh of May
next, was taken up for consideraron
Mr. KING said that after he had offered the re-
solution the i therday, he had moved to lay it upon
the table, in order that Senators might direct their
attention to it. Every gentleman must be aware
that, if a day be fixed, their proceedings would be
shaped wuh reference to the adjournment, and the
bu?ine«s could be taken up and aeted on equally
as well without, as with a continual discussion,
from day to day, when there was no necessity for
it. The entra sessir-n occupied more than three
months, and, if they adjourned on the 30th of May
they would have a six months session, which would
make a session of nearly ten months in the course
of a year. From the present time until the 30th of
May they would have sufficient time to transact
their business, including the bill fixing the ratio of
representtuon according ;o the last census, and
aUo the tariff bill. Let them pars the resolution
and send it to the Houss, and if it was there ob-
jected to, ihev could amend it to suit themselves.
Mr CLAY hoped that Con?ress would adjourn
on the 30ih of Ma?, but he thought ¡hat the propo-
sition to fix a day ought to come from the House
o? Representative , with whom the great burden
of business would originate. He wa< of opimen
f-.at the resolution wa? premature, and, enter'ain-
ir>% ih.s view of the subjjC, he moved t.iai the re-
solution be laid upon ice table; but wuhditw it
at the suggestion of
Mr. KING, who said that, as he did not wish to
interfeie with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ar-
cher ] who was entitled to the door on the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
be would move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the subject until Monday n xt, when he
thought that be could show that, if ¡hey continued
to indulge in premature di*can-ions, they would be
here until July nex-; but if the resolution be pass-
ed, all ihe important business would be transacted
before the 20th May, and better transacted in all
probability than if the ses-sion was not limited.
They would then go to work with an earnest desire
to complete the business by that time; but if unre-
strc'el, they would go on to discuss trifling sub-
jects, and leave the important t© be acted upon in
n?--4e in the la-4 few days of a protracted session.
The further consideration of the resolution was
then postponed until Monday n<>xt.
The S'-naie proceeded to the consideration of Ae
thfe joint "esolutions introduced by Mr. Chit, to
amend the Constitution of the United State-, in the
fcllow.ng pnrt.culari:
Ut, To restrict the veto power.\ 2d. To take ftorn tie Exe-
cutive the power to appoint the Sec'retaiy of theTre^uiy and
the Treasurer, and vest it exclusively in the two Houses of
Oongrtes. 31. To prevent the appointment of members of
C'ongre'-i- to civil ofiice, under the authority of Ihe iTnl.ed States,
from and dunna the time for which they are elected.
Mr. ARCHER, who wasenuticd to the floor, oc-
cuiied fie remainder of ihe day -,m discu^'n  the
veto p.'.vcr, arguing that that power trai mtroduced
in'o the Government as a check upon the predomi-
na.ice of the democra-i". will, which, he contended,
was tV overruling power in all Go.e.nir.en's,
v.he'hiT monarchical, imperial, or republican. It
was «ith those itnpi>sMor,s of our -..v.? par-nt?
that th'ie should be some check on the p-.-pnlur
wi 1, tliat the veto w: s ensraf'ed mouiCV.-'i'n-
tion. He sane! that he legislative dcui'.m-nu.f
ihe Givtinnient wa«, i'1 l«c opinion of the fra-
mers of ihe Constitution, ih  chaaivl th-ou b
which the popular \"i 1 wa- enforced—that i'.'.i two
Houses of Coi.sress were the exponents of the popu-
lar will—and therefore the propriety of placing the
check by the veto in the hands'of ihe President, to
keep down the predominance of that will, and ren-
der the machinery of the Government well ba-
lanced, and practicable and salutary in its opera-
tions. But be argued that, by the present opera-
tion of the Government, the President, was made
the crgan or the popular will—that he was now se-
lected with that view, and was carried into office
on the whirlwind of popular excitement. He is
elected, because he is willing to go all lengths to
give force to that will,.under whatever circumstan-
ces. The Sxecu ive, he said, vrés weak when the
Government wascon.tituied,but it cow has become
omnip itent, without reference to who shall be se-
lected to administer iii powers. If the Executive was
then weak, the veto could txercise a salutary in-
fluence as a check on the predominating power of
the Legislative Department. Though he was
willing to change the means intended to preserve
a pioper cheek and balance in the Government,
yet he was in favor cf the saa.e end. The
means had failed to effect the end. He argued to
show that ihe Executive, by the exercise of the
power, prostrated the independence of the Legisla-
tive department, and that, by its exercise, he can
exercise all the functions of legislation. For the
fame reasons ihat the fathers of the Republic had
vesf-d this power in the hands of the Executive as
a chrek on the Legislative department—the expo-
nents of the public will—he would put a dozen such
cheeks on the Executive now. The reason upon
which that power was advocated when conferred,
would b~ a good i ess in for ¡ts abolition now. He
maintained that when the reason for ihe institution
d d not exi'f, the institution itself sh uld not exist,
as was peculiarly the case with this power. He
contended that it was never designed by the Con-
s-i-uiirm to be absolute, or that by it the will of the
Executive should be imposed on the legislative
branch of the Govc-rnmeni; but as it was exercised
th? will of the Executive controlled ail legislation
of importance; and under the circumstances it was
ab dine. In no rase en Id two-thiods of Congiess
be got >o overrule it. The resolution of the Sena-
tor írom Kentucky, he said, proposed that,notwith-
standing the veto of the President, if a majority
of Congress passed favorably upon the measure it
should immediately become a law. Mr. A. said
be was a devoted adherent to checks and balances.
He wa? afraid that the measure vetoed would pass
too easy, if it was immediately submitted to the
action of Congress. Their pas.ions might be too
hrated to act with di--crefon up-n it. Therefore,
if the proposition of ihe Senator should come to a
vote, he would move so to modify it, that a bill
vetoed shall not be decided on till the session suc-
ceeding the one at which it was, vetoed, and that
a mfj'-rity of both Houses shall ihen be competent
to pais it into a law. One of the greatest evils to
be guard-d against in all legislation is hasty action.
If the subject was then postponed till ihe next ses-
sion, they would have lime to confer wrh the peo-
ple, and si'srd araitift the evil effects that might
grn.-? out if hatiy action.
Mr. CtAY ro'e and fcsve the Senator from Vir
ginia [Mr. Ar.cní-R]assU!-.nres that it was his in-
tention to p-ei-, the usolu'.ocs to fin?! action; and
h,- tore the time c me n,und, he ■-- ■■ uld glv the pro-
pos, d atncnlincnt of the Senator such considera-
tío-, :is ihediOD  íshedsou ce ír^ra which item-
ansted merited.
Mr. -áOREHEAD rcsc, ,-nd expressed a desire
to iiialre fojie K-f.nrks upon ther resolution?,, and
v,;!i '■ -.1 v;°-v, i-n his moi'on, (heir further const
Vrr>fior- v.a- ¡-ostp >r.,c Uli Monday next.
Th.- Senate havi.'g reimed to go into Executive
s„s ion, en. Kiot\n. then ?.oj urned.
HOT!-:? CF RCPREÍENTATIVES,
Wtu.vKBiV, Fcb-.u..ry1, 1S12
t,.., . „„ .,-,1 „i yevi-,-,1 iv was re i.l a.iii aporoved.
OnYtd/--liven. Mr. lÁ'.VltE.NClS, o! Kentucky, presented
cu:.i: , |..T.',6 in f.-j L-Mof John McFarlane; which weierefer-
,,,, . . ¡h" r ..iinirpeoii'-oivisn Affois
On n-av.. p.ve;-., .Mr. iiENKY, of 1'eil-isylvania, presented
'•"rií'-'n ' !'V"p m"-."i'umber of citizens ofMeicor county, Penn-
■.vlV,',,. 'V-vi^Cüii-icsí to make an applanation toim-
im,...ov"eVH-"halüordttl;etown(.f Erie,Pennsylvania. Reler-
w I -o -lie Committee on Commerce.
l.'o mreuttonof Rev. John Cue, 01 Pennsylvania priy-
ir,¿ composition for a horse killed m the service ol the United
3-a t>j    Referre t to tlie Comuiutee oí l^iatuis
ld          COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr GILMER sent to the Speaker's table two papers, or let-
ters, which ho desired to present, having reference to a ques-
tion'of privilege.
