242                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.......a. ■......                         ..........—............     ■■■                 .                 ..................-'.............'"...........       ■                •■■■«.■
The bill to settle the tille to certain tracts of land.
The bill in relation to donations of land to certain persons
in the State of Arkansas, was next taken up in committee, the
amendments of the Committee on Public Lands were concur-
red in, and it was reported to the Senate and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The iollowmg bills were considered m committee, reported
to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
viz
The bill to confirm the suivey and location of claims for land
in the State of Mississippi, east of Pearl rrver, and south of the
31st degreeof north latitude,
The bill for the relief of Ephraim V Dixon, and
The bill for the relief of Jesse Carpenter
Thebill for the relief of Clark Woodrooff was nexttakenup
as m Committee of the Whole Several amendments were
proposed by Mr Smith of Indiana, which were agieed to
It seems that the person proposed to be relieved by the bill,
purchased several thousand acres ol land from the United States
many years ago, soon afterwards it was ascertained that there
was a paramount title, and that the "United States could not
give a title to the purchaser He made application to the Trea-
sury Department to be refunded his money The Secretary
decided that he could not grant the relief, inasmuch as the case
was not provided for in the general law regulating the proceed
mgs m the cases of the failure of ,title The consequence of
such decision was, that the purchaser was deprived of both the
land and money, from that day till the presenttime—the United
States having possession of the money and failed to give a
title to the land The Committee on thePublic Lands reported
a bill for the relief of the purchaser, authorizing him to select
other lands) in lieu, and granting "interest at the rate of 6 per
cent, for the time the money was withheld, to be received
inlands A long debate aiose as to the impropriety of giantmg
interest Those who spoke against granting interest, took the
ground tint the Government had uniformly denied the pay
ment of interest m cases similar in principle, and that if the
door was once opened to that object, there would be no limit to
the demands, and would exhaust the whole means of the Trea
sury They also argued as a reason "why interest should not
he allowed m this case, that the purchaser did not make legal
application for his money till this session of Congress, and
the presumption was, that the money wan always ready, and
the failure 'o obtain redress, was no fault of the Government,
but the neglect of the pulchaser to make a proper and legal
demand They were m favor of paying back the money if it
was preferred Those who Opposed the payment of interest,
wereMesus McRoberts, Mangum, Henderson, Buchanan,
Wright, and Calhoun Those who advocated the payment
of mtelest, cited cases in which it had been allowed, which
they conceived to be the same in punciple, and argued that
inasmuch as the Government had had the use of the money,
ind f il !o 1 to make good the pu i chañe on which the money was
obtained, they should, on punciples of morality, justice, and
equity, lefund an equivalent to the purchase money, with inte
rest 1 hose who argued in favor of paying interest, wero
Mesáis hM'TH oflndiana, Huntington, Walker, and Smith
ofConneeticut
Mr WiUGHT, for the purpise of testing the principle,
moved to amend the bill by striking out the interest, and on
that demanded the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and
were, yeas 21, nays 1     So interest was disallowed
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and ordered to bo
engrossed for a third reading
On motion of Mr CALHOUN,
f he Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Wedneseat, February 16, 1842.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
Mr. SHIELDS said he had never asked a favor
at lie hands of the House since he had been ho-
nored with a seat here. He found himself so situ-
ated, however, as to be compelled to ask the favor
this morning of being permitted to introduce se-
veral petitions which he had been prevented from
presenting on Monday last by confinement on that
day to the sick room of an afflicted friend, also,
of two resolutions of inquiry which he wished to
have referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Leave being granted, Mr. Shields intioduced
suudry petitions from the citizens of Mobile,
praying that Congress may not repealfhe bankrupt
law
Mr. S also introJuced the following resolu-
tions, which were adopted.
Rt solved, That the Oommitlee on the Post Ofiice and Post
Tío 11 be instructed inquire into the expediency of establishing
by lav i tu weekly four horse stage loule between the cuy of
ius< loo i and town of Demopolis, by way of Ene, in Gieen
eouniy, Alabama Also, into the e\peliency of tiansporting
the mail from Nt w Orle ins to Mobile, destined for the eastern
¡oituii of Mississippi and .vestem part of Alabama and the
lennessce \allev, by steimboats from the city of Mobile tu
bom elicit !p point on the 1 otnbegbee or Alabama livers as
fn tu dseuhu ofbaid streams may be navigableata lowstage
ot watei by steamboats of ordinary tonnase, hence in loui
hor stage ciachc on he dlvidmc, ridge between said rlveis,
by tiiL way of Giove 11111 oí Macoi , m Clarke county, and Lin
den m Marengo, to the town of Demopolis connecting at said
1 unit with the akii enientlcmed point frum Tuocaloosa
Jirsahed That the Commiftpp on the Post Office and Post
iloads be intruded tu inquire into the expediency of extending
the siase route from Livingston to llemopolis m Alabama, on
to thp town of aelina, by way of Macon Uniontown, and Oa
hawba in an eastern dneetion, and from Livingslon, in a west
em hrection alons the most elieible loute to Biam'on and
lacks n in the state of Mississippi, and also into the expedí
enry ol mcieasing the service on said route tbjje extended to
that of am weekly four-horse stage coach.
CONGRESSIONAL TEMPERANCESOCIETY.
Mr. WARREN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, granting the use of the Hall to the Congres-
sional Total Abstinence Society on the evening of
the 25th instant.
Mr. SNYDER of Pennsylvania objected.
Mr. WARREN moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. SNYDER asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to suspend the rules; which were refused.
And the question beinst taken, it was decided m
the affirmative: Ayes 112, noes 27.
So the rules were suspended.
And the resolution was adopted.
On leave given, petitions and memorials were
presented by the following members, and were ap-
propriately referred:
Mr LITTLEFIELD of Maine, by general con-
sent of the House, presented the petition of Edward
D. Rand and others for a mail route from Lovel
village, by North Lovel, to Usher, in the Slate of
Maine; which was referred to the Commitiee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WISE of Virginia.
DISTRICT BANKS
Mr. WARD rose and movsd ibat the vote of
yesterday by which the "bill to suspend for a limit-
ed time the operation of a part of an act entitled
'An act to revive and extend ihe charters of ceftam
banks in the District of Columbia,'" was passed,
be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER The bill is not m possession
of the House, it has been °ent to the Senate, and
the House hiss no present cootrol over it
Mr. WARD was understood to say, that, after
the vote had been reconsidered, that question would
come up A motion would then be m, order that
a messenger be sent to the Senate
A desultory and somewhat exc.ted conversation
here took place between several members and the
Speaker, on the point of order involved
Mr LEWIS WILLIAMS moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER (in reference to the manner in
which ihe bill should be brought again before the
House) here said that the Chair would entertain
the mation to reconsider, leaving it to the gentle-
man who made it to submit some motion as to
the manner in which the bill should be brought
back.
Mr BARNARD appealed from the decision,
and was about lo submit a few remanís on the ap
peal—
When Mr. WISE and Mr. HOPKINS submit-
ted to the Speaker that this collateral question of
appeal was not debatable, for the reason that the
member from New York [Mr. Ward] had, before
taking his seat, moved the previous question on the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKEF There is so much confusion
in the House that ihe Chair did not hear the motion
for the previous question.
Mr. WARD stated that be had certainly made
that motion before lakmg his seat.
Mr. BARNARD, (addressing the Speaker)
Was the motion for the previous question cn'er-
tained by the Chair?
The SPEAKER. No, because the Chan did not
hear it.
Mr BARNARD. Then I say it is now too late
to entertain the motion
The SPEAKER. It -s impossible for the Chair
to hear every motion that every gentleman makes,
alihough it may be made in pn audible ¡one ot
voice
Mr BARNARD. I msist that a notion which
i<< not heard and enteitamed by the Chan is not
made
The CHAIR decided that ihe motion foi the
previous question having, on trie avermeti' oi tht
genileman from New York, [Mr. Ward ] b< en
made, was properly before the Hou«e
Mr. BARNARD If I appeal fiom that deci-
sion, can I debi'e it?
The SPEAKER replied m the negative.
Mi  BARNARD withdrew his appeal
Whereupon, the question recurred on the mo-
tion of Mr Lewis Williams to lay the iro ¡or to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS would appeal, he said, to his
friend from New York [Mr. Ward] to withdraw
his motion for the previous question. He (Mr. S.)
wished the majority of this House to take the re-
sponsibility of all suck motions upon the subject, in-
volving as it did practically the question of re-
sumption, or non-resumption, of a sound or un-
sound currency for the people of the District.
Mr STANLY was understood to say, the majo-
rity will take the responsibility.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is precisely what I de-
sire. I desire that the majority of this Hou&e shall
be responsible for the bill passed on yesterday, and
all of its consequences on the currency, credit, and
welfare of the country, direct and indirect.
Mr. WARD rose, at the request, he said, ef se-
veral numbers near him, to withdraw his motion
foi the previous question
Tne SFEAKER. That does not change the
question.
And the question was tl en taken en the motion
of Mi L, Williams to lay the motion to reconsi-
der on the table, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Sher-
lock J Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard,
Barton, Blan, Iloardman, Bordón, Bous, Brockway, Milton
Blown, lluinell, William Butler Calhoun, John Campbell,
William B Campbell, Thos J Campbell, Caruthers, Childs,
Chittenden, Tohn C C ark, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston,
Craven^, Gairett Davis, Dcberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fes
senden, Fillmoie, Thos r Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Giddmgs,
Goggin, Graham, Granger, Green, Habersham, Hall, Halsted,
Willi im to Hastings, Henry, Hudson, James Trvin, James,
John P Kennedy, Linn, Thomas F Marshall Mathiot, Max-
well, Maynaid, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Moms, Moriow,
Owsley, Pearce, Pope Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall,
Alexander Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, William Russell,
James M Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd Simonton, Soliere,
fetanly, Stratton, Summers Tahafeiro, Tohn B Thompson,
Richard W Thompson, Tillinghast, Polanl, Tomhnson, Un-
deiwood, Van Rensselaei, Wairen, Edwaul D White Tho
mas W Williams lewis Williams, Chustopher H Williams,
Winthrop, Yoike, Augustus Young and John Young—99
NAYS-Messis Athciton, Bidlack, Birdseye, Bowne, Boyd,
Brewster, Brig^g Challes Brown, Burke Wm O Butler,
Gieen W Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, Casey, Chapman,
Cliford, Clinton, Mark A Cooper, Cushuig, Daniel,RicbaidD
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doan, Doig Fastman TotmC Edwards,
Esjbeit, Feins lohn C Tloyd, Challes A Floyd, Fornance,
William O Goode, Goidon, Cwin Harris, John Hastings,
Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Ilubaid, Hunter, W W Irwin, Keim,
Andrew Kennedy, Lane, Lewis, Littlefield, I owell, Abraham
McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKeon, Mallory, Alfred Mar
shall, John Ihompson Mason Mattockb, Medill, Miller, New
haid, Oliver, Osborne, Partridge, Payne, Promt Rpdmg, Rey-
nolds, Riggs Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields,
William Smith, Snyder, Steemod, Sumter, Jacob Thompson,
Tuiney, Van Buren, Wallace, Ward, Watterson, James W
Williams, and Wood-83.
So the motion to reconsidei tho vote of yesterday by which
the said bill was passed was laid un the table
MARINE CORPS.
Mr. PESSENDEN, on leave given, reported a
bill from the Committee on Naval Affairs, for the
augmentation of the Marine Corps, and for other
purposes.
The bili having been read twice by its title, was
referred to the Committee of the Whale on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
APPORTIONMENT BILL.
Mr EVERETT (simply remarking that he
would not take up ihe time of the House by calling
the yeas and nays) moved that ihe rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of enabling
him to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be instructed to consider the bill "For the apportion
ment of Representatives among the seveial States according to
the sixth census," on Thursday next and from day to day until
the same shall he reported to the House, m preference to all
other business, and that, if the s i me shall not seoner be reported
to the House, on Thursday week, at two o'clock, p m all de
bate thereon shall cease and the sa id committee shall then pi o
ceed to vote on the amendment  then pending, and that shall
beotle ed  and tuieuott said bill to the House
Mt. McKEON said he would not object to the
re oiution if the gentleman who offered it would
sin! e out Ihs laPet c'ause.
[Cries fo order ]
And the quest on being taken, ihe House refused
to suspend the rulis.
REPORT ON PATENTS.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia rose, and moved a re-
consideration of the vote of yesterday, by winch
10,000 copies of Ihr report of the Commissioner of
Patents were < rdered to \¡r pnnted
The SPEAKER. Did *he gentleman vote in the
affirmative'
Mr. SMITH. There was no division. It was
by a general vote.
