&A4
zá=
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
sideM of the Untied States, by the hands of John
Tyiíbr jr. his private secretary.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
the state of the Union, (Mr. Bbiggs of Massachu-
setts in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the "bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1842 "
The CHAIR stated that the question was on the
second item, which is in the words following:
"No 2 For pay of the officers and clerks of the Senate and
House of Representatives, in addition to the sum already
appropriated to that object during the present session, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars "
Mr McKEON obtained the floor, and said, for
the purpose of giving as wide a latitude to the de-
bate as possible, he should make the motion to
strike out the enacting clause of this bill.
Tne CHAIRMAN decided that the motion to
strike out the enacting clause m committee was out
of order.
Mr. McKEON said he should take the whole
range of the debate, and would endeavor to con-
fine himself to the bill. He now moved to amend
the second clause by reducing it one thousand dol-
lars, and to amend all the otner items by reducing
them in the same ratio.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was not m
order to move an amendment to any other than
the clause now under consideration; and stated
that the motion now was to strike out in the
second clause of the bill $12,500, and insert
#11,600.
Mr. McKEON said he had no disguise in his ob-
ject.   He wished to debate—
Mr. FILLMORE rose to a question of order,
and inquired whether there was not now a motion
pending to increase this clause, whieh was mai'e
the other day by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Cr/SHiNo ]
The CHAIRMAN said he had decided that
motion out of order. This was the only pending
amendment. He would suggest to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKeon] that his remarks
must be confined to the proposition he now made.
The bill had to be read through by clauses, for
debate and amendment; and when the bill should
have been gone through, on the motion that the
committee rise and report the bill to ths House,
the whole merits of the bill would be open to de-
bate.
Mr. CUSHING inquired whether the question
of order was not pending when the committee
rose?
The CHAIRMAN «aid he was undecided whe-
ther the gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ing] made the point o£ order or not.
Mr CUSHING said he did. But, on further
reflection, he was satisfied that a resolution of the
House authorized the appointment of a clerk,
and he now withdrew the point of order
Mr. McKEON inquired if a motion to strike
out all the bill except the fiist section would be m
order.
The? CHAIRMAN decided that it was not m or-
der to strike out any thing but the clause under
consideration, because they were now proceeding
to considei the bill by clauses.
He would suggest to the gentleman from New
Ycik [Mr. McKeon] that, in his opinion, a gene-
ral discussion of the bill, or particular clauses,
wauld not be In order. The rule ot the House
con emplated that the bill should be read through
by clauses, to be debated or amended as they were
read, and when the whole bill had in this way
been parsed thiough, the merits oí the whole bill
wtuld be open to discussion on amotion torpe
and revolt the bill.
Mr McKEON appealed from the decision of
the Chiir.
The appeal was briefly sustained by Mr. Mc-
KEON, and opposed by Mr CUSHING.
Mr CLIFFORD suggested to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKeon] to withdraw his
present appeal, and if the Chair decided that a mo-
tion to strike oui the enacting clause was not in or-
der in committee, to appeal from that decs on for
the purpose of settling the point.
Mr. McKEON then withdrew his appeal, and
moved to strike but the enacting clause of the
bill.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the motion in
Committee of the Whole was not in order, from
the authority of tbe Manual, which declared that
it was not competent for a committee to whom a
bill was referred to destroy that bill. He would read
from page 150 of the Manual, where they found
the following:
"If it be a bill, draught of ai address, or other paper ongi
natmg with tt>em, they proceed by paragraphs, putting ques
Uons for amending, either by insertion or striking out, if pro
posed hut no question on agreeing to the paragraphs sepa
rately This is reserved to the close, when a question is put on
the whole, for agreeing to itas amended, or unamended But if
it be a paper referíed to them, they proceed to put the questions
of amendment, if proposed, but no final question on the whole
because all parts of the paper having been adopted by the
House, stand of course, unlessaltered, or struckout by a vote
Even if they are opposed to the whole paper and think it can
not be made good by amendments, they cannot reject it, but
must report it back "to tbe House without amendments, ana
there make their opposition "
**Byarule of the House it was provided that
a motion to strike out the enacting clause of a
bill should take precedence of a pending amend-
ment. This motion to strike oat the enacting
clause was a motion to destroy the bill, which
the laws of the Manual declared it was not
competent for the Committee of the Whole to
do. In conformity with this, a day or two
since, in Committee of the Whole, the gentleman
from Virginia had moved to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill then before the committee.
The Chairman then decided that the motion was not
in order, an appeal was taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained. On the motion to strike
out the enacting clause, the whole merits of the
bill would be open, but the rules of the House di-
ree'ed that, when a bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill should first be read
through by the Cleik, and then the Clerk should
proceed to read it by clauses for separate conside-
ration. That was the injunction of the rules.
When the committee should have parsed through
the bill in that manner, and a motion was made
to rise and report the bill, it furnished ample op-
portunity for unrestrained debate. And that mo-
tion could not be put when any member chose to
debate the bill.
Mr. McKEON appealed from the decision ot
the Chair.
After remarks on the appeal by Messrs. CLIF-
FORD and ADAMS—
Mr. CLIFFORD said, if he had understood ihe
decision of the Chair as íelating merely to a
question of lime, and that after ihe bill had been
gone through, it w ould be in order to strike ot t the
enacting clause, he should not have debated it
at all. If the Chair now decided that it was a mere
question of time, he would not quarred with the
decision.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the mot>on to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill white en-
tering on its reading by clauses for amendment
or discussion, was not in oidtr generally under the
law of the Manual, which was that the corrmittee
could not destroy a paper committed to ihem The
Chair said that when the committee had gone
through this bill by clauses, on a general motion
to report the bill to the House, the question would
be open for full discussion. Trien the gentleman
from Mame, or aiy other gentleman, might move
'o report the bill to the House with a recommenda-
tion that the bill be not passed
The Chair decided that the rule must be follow-
ed, and the till be read though by clauses for
amendment or discussion, on each clause sepa-
rately, before the general merits of the bill were
d°bated.
The appeal was debated at «orne length by
Messrs. HOPKINS, FILLMORE, TiLLING-
HAST, and UNDERWOOD, who susta ned, and
by Messrs. ATHERTON, PROFFIT, and
POPE, who opposed the deci ion of the Chair.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia said, when this appeal
was first taken, he felt entirely disprsed to <n tam
the Chair, b°mg driven by an impulse fo restrain
the licentiousness of the debate, and confine it to
the points at issue. On reflection, he perceived
this would not be the effect, for it had been con-
ceded by members on all hands, as well as by the
Chair, that, after discussing the wfteie bill, section
by section, it will still be open for all the latitude
of debate allowable under the motion to strike out
the enacting clause.                            ^
The motion to strike out the enacting clause was
designed to cut off uselef s debate, in cases where
a majority 'of the House might be opposed to the
principle of the bill. In such cases, therefore, it
will be a saving of time to anticipate the discus-
sion of the details by a vote on a proposition to
strike out the enacting clause. But in cases whure
the House would hold on to the bill and amend, it
is a mere matter of form and immatrriality whe-
ther the áiscusHon in chief shall precede or follow
the debate on the details.
So much, then, for the effects of the decision as to
the expediency and alleged reform of the proceed-
ings of the House. But this question must be de
termined by the authority on which the Chairman
rests, saying, that "the committee cannot destroy
a bill." This bsmg good authority if the effect of
this motion be to destroy the bill, or in other word 
to reject i*, m the purview of the authority cited,
there is no room to doubt But 1 take it that the
force of this authority is that the bill must be re-
ported back to the House with such recommenda-
tions as the committee may make in regard to it,
as stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Here I need some information of the Chairman,
and desire to ask two qusstions: The first has been
anticipated by the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on the right, showing that, admitting the
dtcision of the Chair to stand, the bill will still be
open to eqjal latitude of debate.
The second is this: If, on the motion to strike
out the enacting clause, the committee should de-
cide affirmatively, will the enacting clsuse be ob-
literated or anmhtla'ed'i—or will it, with the rest of
the bill, be reported to the House, accompanied by
the recommendation of the commit ee to strike out
the enacting clause?
The CHAIRMAN replied fhatin that event, the
striking out would be the destruction of the bill,
and the committee would report that fact to the
House.
Mr. COOPER not being satisfied with the an-
swer, repeated the question.
And tbe CHAIR substantially repeated the
same answer.
Mr. COOPER said, he had failed to get the de-
sired information of the Chair, and would vary
the question so as to apily it to the second clause
of tbe bill, and ask whether, if that were ordered to
be stricken out by the committee, it would not
sill!, with the residue of the bill, be reported back
to the House, with the proposition of the com-
mittee ¿o strjee it out, that it w>.uld not in fact be.
stricken out by the committee, but abide the action
of the House on the committee's recommenda-
tion?
Tne CHAIRMAN said it would fee reported
back with the recommendation to strike out.
Then, said Mr COOPER, what is trae of the
second section, must aKo be true of tthe first.
And it follows that a motion to strike out the en-
acting clause made in Committee of the Whole,
does not involve the destruchon of the bill, but
merely the propriety of recommending its destruc-
tion to the House, s.rce the act or fact of striking
out must be decided snú performed by the House.
Tms being true, ¡t fol'owo that the autnonty re-
lied on by tbe Chan is not applicable, and there-
fore the irotioi to strike out the enacang clause is
in o~i r, and the decision of the Chair erroneous.
Gentlemen are mistaken as to the supposed ad-
vantages of the deasios. The advantage is in fa-
vor of exis'ing practice.
The mistaKe cr oiror of the Chair, grows out of
a misifteipreiation of the purprrt of the authority
on which be ulies Its object and end was to re-
serve to the House the fate of the bill, and ,. ot suf-
fer the comrru tee to -mother it n its arms. If this
authority is made to operate an exclusion of this
mot on, it will, for the same reaso*), exclude every
motion that chall involve a rejection of the bill.
But, in answer to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts on the right, [Mr. Adams,] ¡he Chair has ad-
vised us that such a proposition, with privilege
