Ty
*4W
C0M&RlSSIOIÍAk GLOBSS.
ffii«artiffiMiir.a^i;
And the question being taken, there was a second
to the demand for the previous question.
And the maw question (bemg first on the amend-
ment) was ordered to be taken.
Mr. COSHINS asked the yeas and nays on the
amendment; which were ordered, and being taken,
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack, Boyd, Brewster,
Burke, William O Butler, Patrick C Caldwell, Casey, Chap
man, Colquit, Mark A Cooper Darnel, Doig, Eastman, John
C Edwards Egbert, John 6 Floyd, C A Floyd, Gilmer, Gor
don, Guttme, Gwrn, Harris, Hopkins, Houck, Houston,Chas
J Ingersoll, Jack, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield, Lowell,
McKay, McKeon, Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Reding, Reynolds,
Roosevelt, Snyder, Steenrod, J Thompson, Turney, Van
Buren, and Westbrook—47
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Ar
nold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton Black, Blair, Board
man, Borden, Botts, Bowne, Bnggs, Brockway, Aaron V
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, William Butler, Green W Caldwell,
Calhoun, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Thomas T
Campbell, Carey, Childs, Chittenden, Clinton, Coles, Cowen,
Cravens, Cross, Cushing Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, De
berry, Everett,Ferris, Fillmore, Romance, A L Foster,T F
Poster, Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Giddings, Goggm, Patrick G
Qoode, Wm O Goode, Granger, Green, Habersham, Hall,
Halsted, John Hastings, Hays, Henry, Holmes, Hubard, Hun
ter, Jos It Ingersoll, James Irvin, James, Cave Tohnson, John
P Kennedy Lane, Lewis, Linn, Abraham McCiellan, Robert
McCiellan, Mallory, Alfred Marshall, Mathiot, Mathews, Max
well, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan Morns, Newhard Oliver,
Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Pickens, Plumer,
Profflt, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Ray
ner, Rencher, Kidgway, Riggs Rodney, William Russell, J
M Russell, Saltonstall, Saunders, Shepperd, Shields, Simon
ton, Stokely, 3tratton A H H Stuait, Summers, Sweney,
Taliaferre, John B Thompson, R W Thompson, Tillmghast,
Toland, Tomlmson, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Van
Renssalaer, Wallace, Warren, Watterson, E D White Thos
W Williams, James W Williams, Christopher H Wil
Hams, Wmthrop, Wise, and Augustus Young—129
So the amendment was rejected.
And then the resolution was adopted.
The fourth resolution of the series coming up,
in the words following, to wit-
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper be, and he is hereby, autho
rued to employ in his department the services of ten messen-
gers, eight pages, and two laborers, in. lieu of the twelve mes
sengeraand twelve pages now m the seivice of the House And
that the Postmaster of the House be authorized to continue in
the service of his department four messengers, being the same
number now employed by him
After a few words of explanation between
Messrs. SMITH of Virginia, WISE, CAVE
JOHNSON, and SUMMERS-—
Mr. HOPKINS moved an amendment to the
resolution, which was finally modified so as to read
as follows.
Insert after the words "eight pages" the words
"to be selected hereafter, wheu found to possess the
requisite qualifications, from the indigent orphans
oí the District of Columbia "
After a few remarks from Messrs HOPKINS,
SUMMERS, CAVE JOHNSON, PROPFIT, and
JAMES,
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
And the resolution, by ayes 85, noes 40, was
adopted.
The fifth resolution of the series coming up, in
the words following, to wi>:
Resolved, That the compensation to be paid to the several
messengers, pages and laborers, in the service ot the House
■whether employed by the Cleik, Doorkeeper, or Postmaster
shall be as follows, to wit to messengers a sum notexceedm 
¡82 60 per diem, to pages a sum not exceeding $2 per diem, ana"
to laborers a sum not exceeding SI 50 per diem, to be paid in
each case for the time only that such person shall be in the ac
tual service of the House, which compensation shall be m full
for the services rendered by the ee\ eral persons aforesaid, le
spectively
Mr UNDERWOOD rose and said that he had
promised one of the mewensers to bring his case,
and the case of all others of his clas=, before the
House. The object of all of them was to be placed
on a permanent footing; to be employed by the
year instead of by the day They found it impos-
sible to get employment m the interim, and they
were subject to great difficulties on that account
Mr. U. then read the following statement-
Hon Sir A true statement of what U costs the Government
foi temporary labor &c during the lecess cannot easily be ob
tamed, but ¡tappears from the report of the Clerk for 1841 to
be about $2,000, most of which mav be saved by retaining the
services ol your messer?ers
i    Our claim rests entire y on the following
That, not bemg able to obtam4any other employment during
the recess of Congress, wc are thrown entirely on what we may
receive here for support
That, under the present arrangement, we do more service to
the Government, and of a more responsible nature, than the
Department's messengers, who receive seven hundred dollars
per annum We are willing, if necessary, to devote our whole
.ume tor the same, which you know no man can live and sup
F>n& family ot  less.                                                        '
We might make comparison with the police or watchmen,
who receive 81,100 pay and 8250 compensation, making $1,350,
which no reduction is proposed to The continued pay_of 8252
per day to a portion of our number makes, with the «¿50 com
pensation, 81,162 60 per annum
There are in the employment of the House, postoffiie, and
Clerk's office, all paid out of contingent fund, 21 messenge rs—
their pay now amounts to about$16,000
Set the pay of all at $750, it will be «15,750
aadat 8700, it will be «14,700
While, if the report of the committee as to pay of measen
gere be adopted as proposed, the pay will amount to the sum
of «14,060 50 add to thisthesum of $2,000, which may be saved
by retaining 'he service of all and it will then cost the Go
vernmentthe sum of $16,062 60, equal to about 8770 to each
ma 
On this statement Mr. U. based an amendment,
which he finally modified so as to strike out the
words "to messengers a sum not exceeding $2 50
per diem," and insert "to messengers $700 per an-
num."
Mr. SUMMERS argued (hat it might probably
be well to place two or three of the messengets on
permanent salaries, leaving the others to be em-
ployed by the day. If all were placed on a per-
manent footing, they would Iheu be relamed in
service wbsther they were wanted or not. Under
all the circumstance, he did not see any sufficient
reason why the messengers should be placed on an
annual salary.
Mr. S. then went into some statements as to the
amount of money paid for extra compensation, &c.
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed himself willing,
if gentlemen desired it, to place the salary as low
as $600, or even $550. But Mr. U finally modi-
fied his amendment, so as to fix the salary at $700,
(having originally named $750 )
The question, after a few brief explanations be-
tween Messrs. SMITH of Virginia, MERI-
WETHER, and SNYDER, was taken, and the
amendment of Mr Underwood was rejected.
And the question recurring on the adoption of
the resolution—
Mr. WISE moved to amend th  resolution so as
to provide that the messenger of (he post office
«■hould shouid $3 per day, instead of $2 50.
After a few remarks from Mr. SUMMERS in
opposition thereto, Mr. S. remarking that he was
sure the House must be tired of the whole matter,
moved the previous question.
Mr FILLMORE inquired of the Speaker if the
morning hour had not expired?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr FILLMORE called for the orders of the
da>, but waived the mo'ion on a general call to let
the question be taken on the resol ation
At ihe request of Mr. WISE, and on his pledge
lo renew it, Mr. SUMMERS withdrew tne motion
for the previous question.
Mr WISE made a few remarks in explanation
of his views, and renewed the motion for the pre-
vious question.
And there was a second.
And the main question (being first on the amend-
ment of Mr Wi'-e) was ordered to be taken.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
And then the resolution was adopted.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION EILL.
On motioi of Mr FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Bribes of Massachusetts
in the chair,) and resumed thelconsideration of ihe
bill making appropriation for pe civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year 1842.
The 15th item of the bill, in the words follow-
ing, was still under consideraron:
'No 15 For incidental and contingent expenses of the De
partraent of State, including publishing and distributing the
laws, 425 000
To which said clause the following amendment
had heretofore, on motion of Mr. Fillmop.e, been
adopted:
" Provided that the job printing, stationery, and binding of
each of the Executive Department shall, until otherwise di
rected by law, be furnished by contract proposals for   hich
shall be regularly advertised for m the public prints, the classes
character anddescnj ¡ion of the printing being spccificdm eaüi
advertisement as far as that can be done, and it being mad*1 a
condition in all cases, unless otherwise spec fically stated m the
advertisement, t tat the work shall be done in the city of Wash
matón andtho contract shall m each case so far the proposals
and acceptance shall enable the con'ract to be made be given to
the lowest bidder, whose bid shal) be accompanied with pro
per testimonials of the ability of the bidder to fulfil his con
Mr. Q. Davis yesterday proposed to add to the
foregoing ptoviso the following:
"And all other job printing, binding and stationery, in any
way touching, the Departments, or any business connected with
them, shall in like manner be let in the same way by the officer
having the charge of the same, and the laws of the United
States and all advertisements and other printing pertaining to
the public service to be done m any newspaper, shall be printed
and published in the newspaper or newspapers of the placa
where such publication may be made, which shall m no case ex-
ceed three mseitions m the paper intended for country circu-
lation, and may, when deemed necessary, be extended to two
papers published in th* same place, having the largest num.
ber of subscribers to be verified by the affidavit of the editor or
editorsof the paper making such publication, and also of the
editors of such other papers as may  propose to make the
"And provided, further, That nothing herein contained
shall be construed to repeal [the provision of any existing
law which authorizes the Secretary of State to discontinue the
publication of the laws in any newspaper for cause, and which
forbids again the employment of the proprietor oí any news-
paper so discontinued to publish the laws of ihe United States "
And Mr Morgan pioposed to strike out the
word- "and the laws of the United States" and the
proviso, and insert the lollowmg:
"That no part of this appropriation shall be applied to pay-
mert for printing Jit, laws in the newspapers msnj State or
Tenitory, and that all laws authorizing such publication be, and
the same are hereby, repealed "
And the question pending on the amendment of
Mr. Morgan—
Mr G. DAVIS rose and said that, wuh a view
to conform to the sense of the committee as nearly
as he had been able to ascertain it yesterday, he
bad drawn up an amendment.
[it is impossible for the Reporter to keep the run
of the various modifications to which such amend-
ments as these ate subjected, as they are not mat-
ter of record in committee.
The amendment, however, after having been,
again modified by Mr. Davis, as hereafter men-
tioned, read as follows:]
"And all other job printing, bindug, and stationery in any
way relating to the Executive Departments, or any business
connected wnh them, shall also be done and furnished m the
same way by the officer having charge of the same, and no mo-
ney herein appropriate 1 shall be disbursed in payment for the
publication of the laws of Congress in newspapers which pub-
lication shall cease and be discontinued for the future, and all
advertisements and all other printing peitaming to thepublic
service, published and done in newspapers, shall be made in the
newspapers of the tov n c y. or place where the same may be
done which shall have the largest number of subscribers, and
when such publication may be made in two newspapers m the
same (lty town, oi place, it shall be made in the two newspa-
pers of different politics which shall have the laigest number of
subscribers, to be ascertained and verified by the affidavit of
the editor or editors, and buch publication shall in no case ex
ceed one insertion pel week for three weeks, to be made in the
country paper "
After a brief conversation on a pom* of order
between Messrs. FILLMORE and the CHAIR-
MAN—
Mr. MORGAN said that, inasmuch as the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky was
now so modified as to embrace his (Mr M's) pro-
position, he would withdraw his amendment
So the amendment of Mr. Morgan was wiih-
dn wn.
Mr. FILLMORE, m reference to the allusion
that had been made to the contingent fund on band
in the State Department, explained that the Com-
miuee of Ways and Means had addressed a letter
to th." Secreta'y of Stale on the subject, and re-
ceived a letter m reply, staling that tbe amount
which was on hand at the time the estímales were
made up would almost entirely be expended m
work which would be chargeable to the yea , and,
theffore, that the usua appropriation riere asked
for would be required ior the service of the present
year
Mr, TRIPLETT inquired of the Cna rman of
the Committer of Ways pnd Means [Mr Fill-
more] whethei the $25,000 would be necessary
proi ided the committee should adopt the amend-
ment of ihe gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Davis]
di ccntinuing ihe pub'ication of the ipws in the
newspapers'
Mr. FILLMORE said the committee had been
fun i^hed wth a tabular statement from ihe Secre-
tary of Sta e of the amount of money actually ex-
pended fcr the publication of laws m pamphlet
foru for the la^t thirteen years whence ,f appeared
•nai it was about $14,000 per year, but they bad
not been furnished with the amount pail for the
publication in newspapers. 1 hat, however, was a
sum of minor impoitance. The great expense of
the publication was in printing the laws hi pam-
