*¿sf*yy/i i'xit'^t^fi^''^f*"***mt^*ítiaim'iMif mu  it niíffl*>iftlH
WMfáSBtoNKL mmt¡
ed. Let them pa  this important biH, and let tbetu
pass it at once, and then let a bill be introduced by
ta> gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. GiUM.ss.y-and
he hoped the gentleman would do it—having for
its object a system of retrenchment and reform,
and he would go as far as any body would ift cut-
ting down every expense which the public interest
did not k quire
Mr. GILMER had stated a short time sineey on
the authority of the Secretary oí State, that the
cost of publishing the laws for thirteen yea ,
ending with the year 1840, exceeded the cost for
the same period of pruning ihe laws in pamphlet
form.' He now rose to prove this by reference to
the statement and letter of the Secretary of State to
him as chairman of one of the select committees of
this House. Prom this he had the relative stale-,
mentof these expenses for several years between
1829 and 1840, the amount of which, during that
period, for priming the laws was $37,797, and for
packing and distributing the laws $18,000, making
an aggregate rot printing, packing, and distributing
the laws of about $55,700, while the expense in
m the same time for publishing the laws in. the
newspapers was $111,133. Thus the amount
paid, he said, according to this statement, for
publishing the laws in the newspapers exceeded
more than twofold the amount paid for print-
ing, packing, and distributing the laws in pamphlet
form.
In reference to the ments of this amendment, as
he was upon the floor, he would say a word. There
was no one more anxious than he was tj separate
tne patronage of the Government from the politi-
cal press of the country. It had always been near
his heart. He had had the honor to introduce a
bill for that object in the Legislature of Virginia
It was an object necessary to sustain the purity of
the press, and the purity of Government. It
seemed to him almo3t as necessary as it was to
separate the Church from the State There was a
difference between the two institutions, but, com-
paratively, the objects were of equal importance.
It was necessary that this grand ooject should be
accomplished, and he would go as far as he who
went farthest to accomplish it totally and tntirely.
It seemed to him that this usage of employing
newspapers to publish the laws had its origin at a
period when printing was much more expensive,
and the trouble and expense of distributing the
laws through the medium of books much greater
than at present Now the cost ot printing had
greatly diminished, and the same reasons did not
operate for publishing the laws in the newspapers.
He would suggest to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky a defect ¡n his amendment, in its proposing
to give the publication of the laws to the papers
having the largest circulation.
Mr. DAVIS explained that his amendment dis-
continued the publication in tne newspapeis en-
tirely.
Mr. GILMER said he was then perfectly satis-
fied with the amendment.
Mr. FILLMORE said he confessed from the
exhibition of the statement from the State Depart-
ment, just made by the gentleman from Virginia,
he did not recognise any likeness between it and
the statement he (Mr. P ) had received from that
Department. He could not conceive how so gross
a mistake could have occurred.
Mr GILMRR said the two statements came
from the same source, and this difference in them
was not his fault.
Mr. FILLMORE said it was undoub'edly a mis-
take of the clerks He confessed he was unable to
account for this discrepancy; and he knew not that
any reliance was to be placed on either statement,
after such a difference between them as this
Mr. VAN BUREN said, m order to enable the
committee to decide between the two discordant
statements from the office of the Secretary of State,
the one produced by his colleague, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Mean', by which
it appeared that the portion of the expenses, undei
the appropriation new under consideration for the
printing of the laws in^pamphlet form, exceeded the
publication in the newspapers , the other that
read by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Gil-
mer,] and   from   which   the reverse   appeared,
phlet form; and, m addition, there was a large ex-
pense in the distribution of the laws among the se-
veral States. These were the facts, and if the gen-
tleman was disposed to withdraw that part of his
amendment, reducing the amount of this clause, he
was satisfied.
Mr. G. DAVIS said all he wantsd to effect by
his amendment was, to discontinue the publication
of the laws in the newspapers and the consequent
expenses.
Mr. GILMER said he bad misunderstood the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fillmore] to state
that the annual expense of punting the laws in
pamphlet form was much larger than for publish-
ing them in newspapers. He believed that was not
the fact, or he had been misinformed from the State
Department. He had received a statement from
the State Department, an abstract only of which he
had here, showing that in the thirteen years suc-
ceeding 1828 there was Jpaid the aggregate snm
for printing the laws in pamphlet form of $37,796 82,
and, during the same period, for publishing them in
newspapers, $111,133
Mr. FILLMORE said he bad received a tabu-
lar statement from the State Department of the ex-
penses of printing the laws m pamphlet form, to
which he referred, and read from a letter from the
Secretary of State accompanying it, in confirma-
tion of his (Mr. F.'s) previous statement of the
amount, and suggested that the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Gilmer] must be mistaken in his
statement of the expense.
Mr. McKAY said if gentlemen would refer to
the Blue Book they wonld readily ascertain the
sum paid for publishing the laws m the newspapers;
and that the Secretary of State was confined to
three newspapers in each State, the amount paid to
some of which he cited, showing that it was about
$65 for the year of the long and $40 for the year
of the short sessions of Congress. He opposed
the plan of passing laws and keeping the know-
ledge of them from the people by repealing, for the
saks of saving this small sum, the law requiring
the publication of the laws, which had been so long
id existence.
Mr. G. DAVIS withdrew that part of the amend-
ment proposing to strike out $25,000, and insert
$15 000. [This was tie proposition as originally
offered this morning ]
Mr. McKAY ¡suggested to the gentleman from
Kentucky further to modify his propos.tion, since, if
they adopted the amendment as it now stood, it
would involve an additional expense, instead of
effecting a reduction as desired. It required the
Secretary of State to publish the laws three times
in each newspaper, whereas they were now pub-
lished but once.
Mr. DAVIS explained that it was the advertise-
ments which, by his amendment, were to be insert-
ed three times, not the laws.
Mr. CUSHING rose to a point of order. He
understood that the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] had this morning presented some mo-
difications of his amendment, and that it was now
materially different He submitted to the Chair
that it was a new proposition, and he revived and
renewed the question of order on the same points
and punciples on which the Chair had ruled it out
of order when first offered.
Mr. CHAIRMAN said that the same principles
were involved in the ameuiment in us present
as in the original form, and that, under the deci
sion of the committee, by which his decision
had been overruled, the amendment was in or-
der.
Mr. CUSHING appealed from this decision
He remarked that the decision of the Chair yester-
day (which was, that the amendment of Mr. Da-
vis was not in order, becau>e in contravened an
existing law) had been reversed by a small ma-
jority of some half dozen, and when barely one
more than a quorum was present.
Considering this decision of the Chair as of the
highest possible consequence, considering the ques-
tion to be whether the business of the session
might all be strung on to an appropriation bill,
like a bunch of herrings on to a stick, he had
taken this appeal that a decision of the committee
might again be had
And the question "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
was then taken, and the vote stood—Aye3 61, noes
51    No quorum votiag.
Mr. CUSHING called upon the Chairman to
rise and report that fact to the Hous,e. He (Mr.
C.) wi hed the country-to understand whether they
were to be engaged m this House day after day
discussing questions, and, then, when the lime
came, there was to  be no ons to vote.
The CHAIRMAN then rose and reported to
the House that the committee found itself without
a quorum.
Mr. WISE desired to know whether there was
any objection to the introduction of a resolution
directing the Clark to report the names of the ab-
sentees on a call of the House?
Mr. BARNARD objected—remarking that there
was evidently a quorum present now
Mr. WISE moved a eall of the House.
On which motion the vote stood—Ayes 68,
noes 53.
So a call of the House was ordered, and a quo-
rum had again made its appearance.
But, in obedience to a rather general call, Mr.
WISE withdrew his motion that there be a call of
the House.
And Mr. W. being engaged in draughting a re-
solution of the import above indicated—
Mr. CHAPMAN suggested that the call of the
House should be proceeded with, as those who were
absent from their seats were deeply interested in the
resolution referred to.
Mr HOPKINS moved a suspension of the rule
to enable Mr. Wise (who was j et writing) to in-
troduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER said a motion to suspend the
rule could only be entertained by general consent,
because a quorum having been ascertained to be
present, it was the duty of the Chairman immedi-
diately to resume his seat.
Thereupon the chairmrn returnee h sseat.
And the question recurring, "Shah the decision
of the Chair stand as the jadgmen* of Ihe Com-
mittee2"
The committee was again counted, and the vote
good—ayes 88, noes 55.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of Mr Davis—
Mr. GAMBLE addressed 'he Chan, between
whom and Mr UNDERWOOD and Mr. GIL-
MER a momentary conversation arose as to their
respective clausis to the floor.
Mr. GAMBLE then proceeded in hia remarks.
In relation to that part of the amendment prohibit-
ing payment from this contingent fund to news-
papers for publishing the laws of the United
Stales, he only wished to remark he was opposed
to the adoption of the amendment. He was satis-
fied that there was a mistake as to the statement
of rae expense for publishing the laws in the news-
papers. The Secretary of State was restricted to
three papers in which to make the publication, and
the expense was far le«s than had been sta ed, and
of trifling amount. Heknevthat the laws ^ere
published m pamphlet form, but it was sometimes
one year before they were circulated in this way.
And should thii importan* information be withheld
from the public for the paltry expen e of the publi-
cation of the laws in ¡he newspapers—a practice
which had prevailed from the foundation of the
Government? He went for no such reform as this.
The people were entitled to know what they had
done; asd how were they to know it except by the
newspaper'-? The «mall sum paid to the newspa-
pers for publish ng thf laws of the United States
was well paid The Secretary of Slate selected
but three m each S'ate, and when it was known
what papers were selec'ed, the people looked to
those papers from time t > time If they were to be
held back to pamphlets, the iaws would be a sealed
book for twelve months to the p°ople of this
Union. They could carry this thing of retrench-
ment and reform too far, and overreach the thing
they aimed at. And it seemed io hmi that this was
the case now. They ought not to obs ruct the pro-
gress of this important bill by introducing these
amendments, which produced contusion confound-
