649..
,.j            ..    llf    ;T  .'^■ififi|ri " r..............am" ifm  nullum-.!     ..,.11 i n...........
he would refer the committee to Doc. No. 4,
being the detailed expenses under the appropriation
of last year, exactly similar to the present one. By
reference to the date, May 5, 1841, it will be seen
that tbe printing and stitching of-the 11,000 copies
laws, second session, 26th Congress, was §912 50,
and by that of November 3d, the like charge (or
the 1st session of tbe 27th Congress was f 785.
It is somewhat difficult to say how much the
packing and distributing amounts to. But by re-
ference to the same report, it will be seen that the
publication in each newspaper for the second ses-
sion, 26th Congress, was ^40, and for that of the
1st session, 27th Congress, was $41.
It is- therefore evident, that a much larger pro-
portion of this appropriation had,been applied to
the publishing of the laws in the newspapers, than
to the printing and distributing them in the pam-
phlet form.
It will be perceived, however, by those who will
take the trouble to examine the details of Docu-
ment, Wo. 4, that by far the smallest part of this
$25,000 appropriation for incitenta) and con-
tingent expenses of tbe Department of State, in-
cluding publishing and distributing the laws, is actu-
ally applied to that purpose.
The whole amount applied to the publishing and
distributing the laws is less than $10,000. The
balance is applied to incidentals and contingencies
in the true sense of*he word, and for which there
is no other guide than the discretion of the Secre-
tary himself.
It was for this reason, that I moved the other
day to separate the one from the other, and which
I trust will yet be adopted by the House. It is the
centisgent and discretionary expenses, Mr. Chair-
man, into which the grossest abuses have crept.
Mr. TILLINGHAST thought it very possible
that the existing law directing the publication of
the laws of the United States required revision and
amendment. It struck him, that when they acted
on the laws relative to the public printing, it re-
quired the consideration of long existing laws, and
that tbe subject should go to a committee, to be
thoroughly investigated by them, that they might
report new laws. They would proceed too hastily,
and without due consideration if, whei a gsneral
appropriation bill was under consideration, they
should rush into a system of legislation altering, or
materially changing those laws, to provide the way
and means merely for the execution of which they
came into this committee.
The law authorising this printing had been in
force since 1818; and by it the Department of State
was authorized to publish the laws in the newspa-
pers immediately on their reception. Thai was the
only provision for th? immediate publication of the
laws of the United Slates. There was also another
provision to publish the laws in pamphlet form as
soon as possible. He was not willing to dispense
with the existing provision for the immediate publi-
cation of the laws until he saw another provision
made.
It was said the provision for the publication of
the laws in pamphlet form would still remain, and
was sufficient. It was true that there might be a
gratuitous publication of the laws by the newspa-
pers. Could they rely on thai? If ihey struck out
the present provision, what would be the conse-
quence? Did any gentleman of this House expect
to receive in pamphlet form, at tbe rising of this
Congres?, tbe public laws passed by it? His ex-
perience had been that they did not receive the
laws till the next session after their passage. Dur-
ing that time there would be no access by citizens
to tbe laws of the land. It struck him that they
would act rather hastiiy, and he was afraid incon-
siderately and very imperfectly, if tbey adopted
this amendment; and in this appropriation bill they
went into this important subject without sending it
to a committee.
Mr.M. A. COOPER said, so far as the amend-
ment had reference to the mere publication of the
laws, it embraced two propositions. In its first
form, by providing for the publicaiion in the papers
having the largest circulation, it proposed to limit
the discretion of the Secretary of State. And in
its present form, by discontinuing tbe publication in
the newspapers, it proposed to annihilate the law
CONCESSIONAL GJLOBE.
entirely. Should the^ make laws,and, by not pro-
viding for their publicaiion, hide them under a
bushel? If this amendment prevailed, it would be
the case so far as his country was concerned. There
were counties in his State in which it took a day
and a half to ride from some pertions of them to
ihe county seat. And if a man could get his in-
formation of the law only by going to the clerk's
office, the consequence would be, he would never
get it. If they struck out the obligation of the
Secretary of State to publish the laws in the State
journals, they abolished the publication of the laws
in toto.
In regard to the proposition that they should
publish the laws in that journal having the largest
amount of subscribers, he objected to it for two rea-
sons. First, it stripped the Executive Department
of all responsibility. He would leave to the Exe-
cutive the responsibility that properly belonged to
him. He here referred to the remarks made by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] yester-
day, in reference to the circulation of ihe Madiso-
nian, and the remarks in reference thereto in the
Madisonian of this morning.
Mr, BOTTS (Mr. C. yielding him the floor for
explanation) said that he had not stated yesterday,
as the Editor of the Madiionian published this
morning, that the circulation of that paper was not
more than two hundred subscribers. His remark
yesterday was, that he had been informed that the .
daily Madisonian had not more (han three hundred
subscribers, and that there were two other daily
papers in this cily which had, as he understood,
twelve or fourteen thousand subscribers. He had
not declared this from his own knowledge, but had
spoken of what he had understood. The Editor
had said that he circulattd four thousand copies of
his paper, and he (Mr. B.) supposed it was a gra-
tuitous circulation, paid for out of the public mo-
ney.
Mr. COOPER further opposed the proposition
to publish the laws m the papers having the largest
circulation, and pointed out some of tbe uncertain-
ties and difficulties in ascertaining the relative cir-
culation of different papers. He objected to the
plan as inrfficien', totally impracticable, and unad-
visable. He thought this matter involved a little
more, than appeared upon the surface. It was not
policy, as appeared from the very fact that now
stared him in ihe face. They had now got under
an Administration pretending to reform, and the
charge was made agsin^-t this wry Administration
by a gentleman on this floor, who came from the
former ranks oí the Administration, of a great
abuse by an attempt to subsidize the press. He
advised them to desist from thesi changes,'and
leave the Administration to act on its own respon-
sibility. When ihe Administration had run its
lengih, perhaps the people might discover its
abuse", and commence themselves the work of re-
form.
Mi. BOTTS said, if there was any virtue in an
independent public press, then he thought there was
more importance in the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky than had been duly consider-
ed. He feaied lest, from the remarks which had
been mails by various gentlemen, the committee
mi^ht be led off from the true character of this pro-
position. When tbe gentleman from Kentucky
first offered tho amendment it did - not contain the
provision now so strongly objected to, to wit: That
cutting off the appropriation for the publication of
the laws. He thought that good reason; h?d been
given by the ¡«ntlemsrc fro  Georgia [Mr. Co'per]
for the ground he had assumed, and he did not ob-
ject to the striking out of that part of the res-clution
which, ho had opposed. The object of the present
amendment wai another part of the public printing,
viz: that in the newspapers. A refereaee to the
Blue Book would show that $17,000 had been paid
by a single Department of the Government for 'ad-
vertising alone; it was in that way that the public
press in this country was bought up. A part of the
Government advertising had lately been given to
penny papers, which had little or no circulation be-
yond the limits of the city where they were pub-
lished; it bad recently been given to the New York
Hetsid, which, though no penny paper, was not
quite so decent or respectable as some of them.   If
,„ .   ,'■■■ . ....                   -    """"*        ........'   ■      ' ■"    ■ , „i....n.ii'i« ¡ ¡
any gentleman doubted about voting fcr tbe amend-
ment on the ground of precedent, he referred such
to the general appiopriatiort bill of 1839, where
they would find that asimilar amendment was then,
adopted. Mr. B. suggested to those who were de-
cidedly opposed to the amendment about printing
the laws in pamphlet form, that they need not vote
against the whole proposition on that account; a
division of the question might be made, and the
amendment separated so as to be voted on by it-
self. For that he cared but little; but this propo-
sition to dispense with Government patronage toa
party presa ought certainly to prevail. This was
a profligate abuse and misapplication of the public
money, from which proceeded ihe grossest corrup-
tion, as he did not doubt every member of the
House as fully believed as himself.
In reply to the remarks of Mr. Coopeb, Mr. B.
said he perceived that in the Madisonian he was
charged with a matter that be knew nothing about.
He was accused of having asserted that the in-
scriptions to that paper did not amount to 200: he
had asserted no such thing. "What he had said
was this: that he had been informed the daily sub-
scriptions to tbe Madisonian did not exceed three
hundred; and his complaint had been that a paper
with tbis limited number of subscribers should
have been selected as the organ for publishing
Post Office contracts, while there were other papers
published in the city, whose subscription list, as he
was told, amounted to twelve or fourteen thousand.
The Madisonian had not, as he understood, con-
tradicted the assertion Mr. B had made, but stated
that its total circulation amounted to four thousand
copies. He supposed this to be true. But if this
large amount of circulation was not subscribed for,
but sent gratuitously, Mr. B. presumed ihe expense
came out of the public funds; as be rather presumed
the editor could not affotd to furnish so large a
number out of his own pocket. But if ¡his circu-
lation was without any subscription to support it,
then the Government had no certainty that the ad-
vertisements wonld continue, since the editor
might discontinue furnishing the paper whenever
he pleased. The editor made some statements
about the publication of conüacls merely to for-
ward the views i f Government and wimoutany
charge, whi.'h, if true, showed certainly a most pa-
triotic spirit. That statement might be true: Mr.
B. knew nothing cbout the matter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed regret at the
great and wide discrepancy between tbe two state-
ments furnished lotv.o chairmen of different stand-
ing c-nmmitiees of the Hou'e, [Mr. Fillmore and
Mr. Gilmer,] and both furnished from the same
Department; but fee was inclined to ihink that the
statement which had be-n read by the latter gen-
tleman was most to be relied on. H? heie went
into a calcularon to show that it was reasonable to
¡suppose that publishing the laws in tares different
papers in each Stale must cost more than a single
publication of tbe same laws in pamphlet form.
[Mr. Fillmore here reminded Mr. U. that the
private acts were not published in the pdpers, while
in the p .mpblet edition they were.]
Mr. U. still insisted on the same conclusion, as
tbis would not m:-.ke difference enough to alter it.
He referred to documents to show that the whole
sum paid at the SCh Congress for printing the
laws in ¡he public pipers was about §7,800. ~Mr.
U. epposi-4 the propo'a' to d-speiue with this
branch of the printin?. He was iox retrenchment,
but not for cutting off what went to meet and sup-
ply the popular wants.
Mr. U. then proceded lo notice and reoly to the
r.-maiksof Mr. Cosking, who had said That the
only effect of tl>e proposed item of reform would
be to deprive an cflicvr at the head of a Depart-
ment of the opporlunitv of seleciinx his friends to
do the puH.c work, and corjpe'lipg him to employ
his enemies. He had once been chairman of an
investigating committee, and he had in thai capa-
city become acquainted with some curious 'act; as
to the manner in which contracts were seemed to
political friends. He here went into a detailed ex-
planation of the process by which a primer, though
m fact the lowest bidder for a job of Government
printing, lost it to a political opponent, in conse-
quence of tbe proposals   of the Department in-
