clndtng a variety of other items beside printing,
for which he had, of cooise, as printer, made no
offer. Mr. U msisied that these various classes yi
anieles ought to be separated, so thsrt a printer
might bid lor the print ng, a stationer for the sta-
tionery, &c. which the Department required lor
thepabhc service. Another mode of rewarding
favorites was, where a man had made a contract
for a variety of items, on some of which he made
a large profit and on other;, little or none, to en-
large the quantity of the profi able item to be fur-
nished by him, and dmimidi lhat of those unpro-
fitable.
Mr. U. concluded by reading an amendment in
conformity wi'h the principle he had stated in his
speech, and goiag to senara'e the items to be bid
for, and tnus re> ure a >air competition for the sup-
ply ef each, but he deferred moving the amend-
ment at prosunt
Mr POPE next addressed the committee in some
remarks on the loud professions of gentlemen in
favor of economy and retrenchment. He was as
much in favor of a fa.r and reasonable reform as
any man, but not lor what went to cut off informá-
tica from the peop'e That was not the sort of re-
form the Whigs hid preached from ihe stump at
the late Pr-sidential election; in fact the chief doc-
trine he had h mself insisted on when stumping it
in his own district, was, thru Government ought to
make the money good, ami as plenty as they could.
[A laugh ] He held that the only effectual way to
reform the public abuser was to have men of in-
tegrity to admini.ter the Government. He did not
much b« leve m these plans ind propositions for
retrench mem. tnty v ouid for the most part end in
moonshine The only way was for each officer at
the head of any branch of the Government, or in
any other public hust, to select men to do the
public work m a gool and satisfactory manner and
then to get it dene on as low terms as was, practica-
ble Ho w s not for binding up a Secretary to em-
ploy a pape1" which bal this number or thit num-
ber of suoicribcs íh s talk of geiOenan about
purifying the Government and keeping it nriepen-
dent of the yuWic p. ess, was all pretty mucha
humbug: he did not Del ete a word of r. As *o
the mat er (' l«">r,g en' contracts, be b'lievd uat
legal rest ¡etions vou'd be of !ery U'tle avail un-
less tfaero was in honest man at the head: he well
knew lhat in the gre?t mail contracts n the West it
had been an understood thing lhat it a?as useless to
underbid favonie contractors.; they would alwajs
get the contracts, underbid them as you rmjht.
In regara to "le 1 iming ot tne i¡>vs, i> tr P. was
under toid to «ay t^at be occurred '-un bis col-
league, [Mr Dips j Re Ulie\ed that the pam-
phlet edition 01 the Uws ms • f compaiptively little
tltili'), it «as rrdced t"> ^e seat to ihe office of ihe
county cour s, I u> ! >r l p. it, thot'gh oil n apply-
ing there, he re\ ~r ha' "C" able to fin I a copy 111
his life Tie w y t"^ i.n,i,r% a id the proph*,
too, got hoid of the hi m t c Wet was by cat-
ting them out o 'h new-papeis, and laving them
by. Mr P nad jfu.rn.shcd hinself out of h'S pri-
vate pi rse, &c.
As to  t>i^ genl'emen who  were  °o exceed ng
fierce for  iLforr-i,  he  norria say to so tie of the 1
that   bv    ti.e   dills   thty   ofte 1   made   on   the 1
Departments for  I'-.);;  fibular stítemon s  whrh
neither t1, y  nc     n/  body e's  made *>ny use of j
when they v tre  f rn s'iea, trey spent for th  Go- !
vernment more  11 a'dit o--al c erk nue thai tf-ey ,
saved to ,t by heir re'repc^ment speeches    These
ealUsirvcd, n '   1 to rp„ke a figure m ihe paper ,
and  to gne a, ."Uleoi-n srrne   little  no'onety as
making a great fn^ i- Congress on the subjectof
retrenehmeii, bin iheie 1 ended, preth much   He
believed it would U a ver} good rule to publ sb no
pitra numb 1 c d.i, ri:nnent   The laws, md-ed,
they i-er   bou> u 1 > rmpe pub c for ib° benefit ct 1
the peool    a id this lv wmld lev-t f?P"se or em- |j
barrass  by   legal r stnciors, which in pra'tKe '¡
■would come tj noth mr    He  stand some eftor's i¡
of   his   own,   vhm Governor   of Arkansas,  to   ,
give the  p f p'e a chance to set access to the ftws
by havin" them copied out at his own expense, for
some geniemen vvould at times go for the good of
the country, piovided no very strong temptation
drew them aside.    [A laugh.]    He thought when
CONGRESSIONAL GlOBf.
there was ¡something to be got by a good Govern-
ment jrb, it was all fair to give it to fneuds, pro-
vided they were as competent as others to the dis-
charge of the duty. Mr P. made some humorous
remarks about a man'o fi'ness being jad^ed by his
being a member of the temperance society, and
many other peasant sallies occasioned much mer-
rimen'; but they were for the most pwt lost to the
Reporter, as Mr. P. was sunounded by a cordon
of listening members, who interposed between him
and the Reporter'-! seats
Mr. WISE offe-ed an amendment to the amend-
ment, which proposed that the Secre ary ot State
should cause to be erteted, somewhere on the pub-
lic grounds, a plain, substantial brick building, not
to cost over £10 eOO, to contain steam presses for
the use of Government, and be furnished with
founts of types, &c, not to exceed in cost $50,000,
and to appoint a puolic pnn'er at a salary of
$1,500, whose duty should be to purchase mate-
ra!s, and emp'oy laborers at the usual pries. The
who'e to be conducted under the superintendence
of the Vice President and heads of Departments, at
Government expense. And as soon as the new
establishment was prepared to go m*o operation,
thenceforward no editor of a paper or private prm
ter to do the printing of Government
At presen*, Mi. W. observed, under the sem-
blance of merely app'ymg a contingent item of ap-
propriation, the Gommi'tee of Wajs and Means
had oTugnt in a new project ot law to regulate
tne mode of tne pub ic priming
Mr FILLMORE b°re rose to order, observing
that the p'opo'iticn to which the p-entteman frcm
Virginia was speakm  had a ready been passed
upon, and it could not now be in order to dis
CUss   it.
After some explanations between Messrs
WISE and FILLMORE and the CHAIR, Mr
W. wss ruled to be in order, and suffered  to pro-
CPP<
He resumed his remark's fjain, oisermng that
the amendrreit of Mr. Da\ s went to prcposp a
n  / r r le ot execn irj, u e ptiblic printing As
the dec t.ni of th  Chair th't --uch propc-m r.s
weie out of order a? amrndmenlk to an appro-
p-ii' on b li hid ' re 1 ov< rru'e 1 by the coramittee,
Mr. W supposed if other new propositions gs to
the mode of con^Uitm1  ht-public prm ms could be
rec-,ved. h s could be. H  therefore would offer
the plan he had lead a3 an amendment to the
amendmentoi the gen leman from Ker'tucgy, (Mr.
Davis )
S"on pficr trie ps'ablislimcnt 0 the Govcrnmert
three Müd" haá been p-opo^ed for cc juctmg the
prip'tn  of the Government. The fir i'Us, that
the Giveimoent shonld do it ibeh, the '•«conJ
wp>, th"%t 1 s"oul\ be dorse by coutiac , and tie
tu rd pre cub d r par ícular dsscription of cen-
¡isct. Oie pl<ia moposed pu'ting the \ hole pub
he p in r,; 1 i'o one ma s, and kttinj' it out to the
lowest b'ldc-. Ano h«T divided it, n 1 p'opo ed
that pubic D'iiicro be appou ted for the ivo
Honsts of Cor g"-e <-, a d t-a' f 1 the p ímn g (f
the D°i"i rrents each Dniíitrient m¡¿!n se'ect
such or vte rr me' 1   1' rl'  ved
M' V/ s ' ' c be ip ' it, fir1 s own pai*, that
the fir ' p', .! v fa !. b^s*, i uat trie Go/ernmcnt
sho Id < <  it  owip'in  n" at it  osle s.
After *--ione 'uria-suvs lu'ween Mr. DAVIS
and Mr WiSR as toa pent of order—
Mi WS^E move 1 ''vt t^o com it1! e now n e
sndieport, wl>ico m<'ion prcvat'ir , the commit-
tee ther^iipon ros* aril repoi'ed progress     When,
Ihe House edjOuined
15 SFNS.TS.
Tridat, KU-ch 4 1842
O 1 .rotion of Mr ARCHER, have w?s trraroed
E ij*h K ox to w in In? cer am papel  of ui5 frota
t 1 i. es of t e Pe ut 
7*i CLAYlOjí pie-ent d a fflemo*'iíl frem di
S pi oí Pena j./pnia, sta írg thai, a e u'v of 20
p*r cent 01, ¡1 n «1 uiO n protect the manuf 0-
tu'es of that attiiiem this tountr/ from f re  n
comp«t ti n reie led to the Committ-e on Manu-
factures.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, it was
'Ri"Aied 1 hit the Secretary of ihei\avy be directed K< n
&4t
form the Senate what steps, if any, hare been taken to carry
mto effect the lointresolution of September 11,3941, for the puf.
chase of domestic water rotted hemp for the use of the I'wied
Slates Navy.
On motion of Mr SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing Phydelia Ste-
vens, infant heir at law of E'uah Steven1;, or her guardian (<fc
her, to enter, at the proper land office in the State of Arkansas,
the quantity of one hundred and sixty acres of land, it being
due to her deceased father as bounty land for his services as a
soldier duung the last war
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
The resolutions heretofore introduced by Mr.
Tappan, from the Committee on the Lwrary, were
aken up, ard modified to read as follows:               V
Resoled, That the 330 copies of the lard laws and opinions, %
printed undei a resolution of ihe feenate of the S8ih February, \
1837, now on hand, be distributed to such members of Con-   I
giess as have not received the same, until the copies are ex    \
haueted                                                                                             s
Resolved, That the residue of the 1450 copies of the state pa-
pels on the public lands, in five volumes, alter complying with
former lesolutons of Congress on (hatsub|ect, be distributed
among the membeis of Congtes  to be by them distributed m
their respective btaies and Terntoi íes
Mr BEKTON thought that the Senate had long
since come te the deteimmation of distributing no
more books. One of the grest evils of that distri-
bution system was more to bt seen in (he large
quantity of books on hand. If the practice was
again revived, the effect would be lhat when these
ere exhausted, they would order the printing of
mt re. He was opposed, in any extent, to reviving
that disreputable policy of voting libianes to
themselve'', to be paid out ot ¡he moneys
of ihe people. Plenty of room could be had
in the Capitol to contain those books, if not, he
would be willing to send them to the Governors of
the Stares and Terntoie-s to get clear of them, lhat
they B>i¿ht be d,s.tnbuttd to the libraries, colleges
and acai'ermes cf the respective States He hoped
the resoluticn would be *o modified that the books
m'Kht be sent to the authorities of the S'a'es.
Mr TAPPAN said that as it was proposed to dis-
tribute these btoiis among members of Cougre* ,
they would no doubt ¡-end the books to the uwver-
Mtes of the several Stales. Butte had mtitduced
his revolution at the ruggesti( n of <\q Csmmittee
en the Library, as 'he room m wh cb these books
were was wa¡u d ?sa p'ace of meeting for ore of
the caiirmttees snd therefore ne theu°nt that they
ought to be dispo td rf m ojie eqi'iiable manner.
If the ¡eiOluttms could be uoJ aid to be more
agreeable to the Senate, he «orddcheerfu'iy acqui,-
e-<ce. Ashtle'oic > d, books were ot no use
here, were a i mi u'abiance, fiercomtti'g wanted
for the u e of one of tne comroit'ce^, and )f no oth
er dihpositioa could be made of tuem, tLey had bet-
ter be taken eut and burnt T
Mr KINGr never would eon«ent either to pur-
chase cr print book to distribu   "iong members
of Cor ;re*s He Ind i t<v-sed 'he disgraceful
efTccis of it heretifrr'. He hid <een bn ki, print-
ed at a hca '> ex, rse, out rf the pe >¡ >% monty,
dis nbutcd to  >er< ers of Ccngiess, ar d no sooner
read, they üstr bu ed, '1 "n luy wrie f md 11 the
market ir h s city, sjhng fo oi e-ihnd of the ac-
*ual coit ft priming. It the usuibui on wjs
"«sin co •"renccd, no oonei wcuid those books
en h?nl be exhaus'td, 'h?n they vould rnort to
prm'i % f(.r furtnrr dt tHii io> I e exente for
pr pt c\ viv'l .tf n Le, oiat ,f yoi> ao net r'istn-
fute to tho e 'ho hive no> ncei1 ed tfer quo'a, it
<- o 'Id be unjust. As the bo ko men lot ed in the
re^o'ut on nere of litdp va're, rrd .llmos'mght
be thrown ?> ay, be was v-i'l iif ¡hat they should
be disposed cf iv beirg 'er' o ct 'rge^> anJ otbei
mstitu'ion ftr he di*senu am tflnowledge He
would, however, ptNr thet i! ey should bz dis-
posed of forwl   t t*-ey wculJ b inp
Mr. ALLE'í "-a d he Leheved the objeit of his
hoioiabe colkagu; wa o dispone of U.ese books
>>i u-es a niennor that ley might Leeo-ne u&eful
ti somebody, vbcreis &' present ihry n re of no
a o whatever to ary one He himself beheved it
would le lettri to make a donation of them to the
Legisla mes of thp several States, and lrr ve these
Legi latines to dispose of them recording to their
discrete n
Memb rs of Congress, when attend!! g their legis-
lative duties, had ,-ccess to an axten we library and
to all necessary documents, and did not 'heiefore
require for themselves me pos'e sion if these ho^ks,
