CONGRESSIONAL. «J,O BE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION

THURSDAY, MARCH 17, 1842.
Volume J1---No. 20.
Continued from JV . 19
objection that it was inopportunely and hastily
ur¡¡ed withoot waiting for tbat information on the
subject which could alone derive authenticity fiom
official reports in preparation, but not yet furnished
by the Departments.
But, suspending these general remarks for the
prcent, and passing on to the resolutions in their
numerical order, he would take up the first and
dispose tf it in a few wo d? by giving it his hearty
concurrence He never did entertain any other
doctrine than that the current expendí ures of an
economical administration of the Government
ought to be fully met by a coiresponding amount
of revenue. It was a source of gratification to
him to be able to otate that the party with
whom he acted, and the Administration in
which he had lately taken part, never did enter-
tain any other doctrine, and never had lost sight of
the principle. And if there was any imputable
ground against them for a departure fjom this prin-
ciple, it should in all candor be stated where it was
that the fault lay It is, indeed, to be deduced
from, if not admitted by, the avowals of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky himself, who, in his open ng
speech on the presentation of these resolutions, dis-
tinctly laid it down as a notorious, fact, that fof
years past, as well as at present, one policy was
pursued at one end of Penasylvema avenue, and
a different pohc« at the other end This was no
more iban what he, (Mr W ) had s-nd at the ex.
tra session, snd it was even men used by others as
a taunt—though it was literally true It was in
consequence of this diversity of po'icy between
Congress and the Administration ¡or jears, that
expenditures were made to exceed both estimates
and revenue, by appropriations, which created for
so long a duration tae necessity of resorting to such
temporary expedients as Treasury notes
Mr.   Woodbdry here entered into   details   of
the rise and progress of the Treasury note system,
showing that at the commencement of 1838, the
balance en them, then ou s andin^, was o ly t*<
millions and nine entb>, yet m t iai year, Congress
exceeded the estimates thirteen millions by appro
pnations    He asked, coald rot the two millions
aad nine temns oí out tandn g  balance ou Trea
sury notes have been eavly a inguisher1, if such
excess of appropna ion had not been fo.ced upon
the   public   Treasure    So,   in  1843,   the   year
began   with a   balance   of sev/en   millions   and
three-tentns, m   1840,   w.th   only   t^o  millions
and   seven tenths ,   and    in    1841,    with   only
lour mduons   and   six-tenth        But the  excels
of appropriation in 1838, being ihirteen millions,
in 1839, two mill ons, and in 1840, three millions,
the expenditures weie mcrea^d   by the action oí
Congress, eighteen millions—a sum more than n -
cessary to pay off, three times over, all the .-Mstand
mg Treasury rotes at the begmnrg of 1841     The
four millions and six-tenth- outs anding then, was
thp only real  debt to be cleared off, an 1 >-o far
from a debt of any kind, there would have been
an   ampie    surplus,   fcr    all    contingencies   for
year ,but for thi3 excess rf appropr aaons    From
all this it was apparent that  a very material fact
was established   that tne   late Admin'Stration,    o
far from not r cognising, and  doing its best to act
in conformty wi h, the punt p e laid down in the
Senator's first rcso'ution, haJ, o 'he utmost of its
ability, adhered to it m the tee h of pressing legisla-
tion to depart from it, whatever may have been
done at this end of Pennsylvania avenue
As to retrerchments—had not the late Adminis-
tration continually urged unon Congress the neces-
sity of retrenchment, and had not the Treasury De-
partment from time to time given specificatiors of
r trenchment, which, though adopted but in part,
brought down the expenditures fiom the inflations
in every thing in 1835 and 1836, from twenty-five
millions, m 1839, to twenty-two andahalf in 1840
and, had this policy been persisted in through
1841, would have brought them down to
only twenty, and now eighteen millions?   And
the intention was to come down to seventien
millions, oi less, if it could be done without im-
pairing any important branch of the public servile
The object constantly in view was, by all means,
to keep the expenditures of Government from in-
creasing faster than the ratio of increase in popu-
lation and wealth.
The real expenditures of the first four years of
Gen Jackson's admimstiation, averaged only four-
teen millions, differing not more tha i one million
from Mr. Adams's, and none from the ratio of in
crease of population Both sere somewhat too
high in certain respects And what happened m
the last fuurjeetrs of General Jackson'  adminis-
tration? Did not Congress, by appropriating be-
yond the average increase, and the annual esti-
mates offered, of only fifteen or sixteen millions,
except as enlarged to cover works begun by Con-
gress, run up the expenditures to upwards ot twen-
ty-nine millions in h s last year, for no other pur-
pose apparently, in some cases, than thit of getting
rid of the surplus revenue for some public object?
Had Congress cc nformed to Executive policy—
had it appropriated onl/ on us «cale of estimates—
or had it done its duty in reducing expenses wher-
evei Jt could be dine consistently w th tbe public
servic, no charge of extravagance LOuld hav-b^en
brought against the Government As it was, the
average in Gen. Jackson's second term «as only
ttven'y-one million , and in his t«o er i-> muted,
but seventien millions
Mr Woodbory s ipported hs «•igatixnt h" a
lucid and striking arra^ (f ite  s and facts, t?ken
from f irmer drcu nen > at 1 011 o* ie repor s un-
der the pr<.*en Ai miniMialiOj lie nex selected
tbe four years of Mr. Van Buren'.s admini tration,
and showed the real expenditures, decreasing year
by year, till they came down to only twenty-two
and a halt millions in the last year He took the
reports made under the present Administration,
and, by deducting the items introduced for the pur
pose of swelling these averages, but virtua'lv nit
cha gealle upon the ord i r/ experm jr s rf Go-
vernment, showed the tri'e average of exfei diturts
for ordinary purposes of Government.
In this « ), he proved that the average expendí
tures of General Jackson's admin stratum for the
first four years, was four een millions; of h s second
term twenty-one millions, cf Mr Van Buten's four
years twenty seven millions, and   vihiub, but for
the action of Congress,  lould have b en but twen.
ty one millions, and viere descending o eighteen
But taking tbe whole twelve years of both his and
General Jackson's   administrations, the   average
wa. only twenty-rne and one tenth millions, even
accordtngtoMr Ewing's report—an authority that
gentlemen opposite must adrril     The Senator 'rom
Kentucky mainta ns tha' tue expenditures of th s
Admmuiration must be hiited  o twem\ U'o m 1
lion*, and with contingencies to tncnt,-foa" n de
pencent of any debt, but Mr Van  Buren's las
year was not so   rruch by  a   milh n and a half
Yet the Senator  from Kentucky  proposed to re-
trench thirteen millions below M-   Van Burer'
In lact it «a^ an increase over bis  last  two years,
and w^s only three mil u ns less than the average of
all his term   This Administration should g i down *o
ei"hte n or twenty, if nctlo th iteen millions, which
th" S na'or from  Kea ucky himseif pi oral ei  11
his speech at Taybisvlle
Mr. Woodborv next tock up th- expendi-
tures of the past year, depeodm? upon the da 1
formshed by the Treasury report for he first three
quartets of the year—the report tcr the fou.th
quarter, which had b en called for, cot being ytt
tarnished In exammng thtse details h  would
be liberal and candid He had -j wish to he
guided by a pprsimomoBS or niggari y policy In
tl is report there are items of the actual expendi-
tures of 184!, independent rf tie p ra«nent ex-
penses of the army, navy, and civil list, amcuit-
mg to $6 665 500, which can b  sate y re'renehed
Mo t ot tbem are objects ended entirely, or in a
great degree, others are reductions.   Some would
go into other items, that he now left. The det§i¡s
were in his hand for the inspection of any mem,0^.
Alt should furnish their mite of experience or
labour to prevent the necessity of additional loans
or taxes-in the present embarrassed condition of the
country. This was his project, his coitribution.
We have had generalities enough, we must go to
particulars, or accoc  phsh nothing
Take these abolitions and reductions of expense
from those of 1841, and but about nineteen millions
are left lor this year, and the next one and a half
millions less We come down to seventeen or eigh-
teen millions, if Congress does its duty to the peo-
ple truly and faithfully; and he contended it was
better to do so than disturb the whole Union by
any attempt to raise additional, and especially pro-
tective taxes Even if necessary to obtain this
reduction, he was willing hjs own pay should be
reduced, and all other officers, twenty or twenty-
five per cent. He would personally suffer any
such frivation sooner than resort to additional taxa-
tion in times like these. He then gave details of
his projects of redaction.
After this, be went to the probable means to
meet nineteen millions this year, or allowing for con-
tingencies and a surplus, twenty-two and a half
millions, without more taxes. They might be
compute! trom the exports or imports
He alluded to the estimate of the Senator from
Kentucky as to the average exports of the country
for the last six years, being one hundred and three
and a half millions and calculating the revenue from
that to this, he had added fifteen per cent, for
profit ou'warn , and deducted ten millions for in-
terest of the deb's of the States to be paid abroad.
On the last item he differed from the Senator, as
so much of the debt had been discredited and sent
back, and the payment of interest unfortunately
suspended on so much more. Deduct, then, seven
millions for this, and add sixteen millions for the
fifteen per cent, and the amount to be assessed for
duties would be one hundred and twelve millions.
Add to this, lor the average increase of the ex-
ports the next *ix years, being twelve per cent,
which he counts about thirteen millions, and deduct
eighteen million  for free articles, and th« balance
makes one hundred and seven and a third mil-
lions instead oí the Senator's ninety-one millions.
But this one hundred and seven and a third mil-
lions is the value of the material abroad. Add the
charges, freight, and insurance for the home valua-
tion, which Mr Clay discussed, but did not add,
and at 25 percent his estimate, it will increase the
aggregate to near one hundred and thirty-four
nul'iont, on which, 20 per cent dnty is near twen-
ty-seven millions of dollars Deduct one and a
half millions for the cost of collection, and the nett
revenue on this basis, is about twenty-five and a
ha f m il ors If only 15 per cent, is computed,
i"seadof the home valuation, the nett revenue
will be between twenty three and twenty-four mil-
lions
This is the corrected result, on his own theory.
Mr W would offer none of his own. But these
two aggregat-s corresponded with two estimates
froii the Treasury Department, presented by Mr.
Clay at the last session
Besides this twenty three to twenty-five and a
half mi lions, there is an addition of three millions
included of tie duties of last year, payable in this
year, and for the first half of the year the excess
over 30 per cent, of one million more, making an
addition of fou- millions of last yeai for this year.
After Jul}, all ¿retobe casn duties, and hence
no ecf the 20 per cent of this year postponed to
1843 Some of th>s last may be set off ¿gain-u tbe
high home valuation, as it 11 not adopted till July.
But taentvsix or twenty seven millions reve-
nue this year, and twenty four afterwards were
fiir calculations on these da'a That would pay
his twenty six, and much more, nay, nineteen or
twenty two and a half, and a good part of tha
debt. Next year it would di charge still more of
the debt.   But the Senator calculates on a tax of
