410
expended in Kentucky, when she .knew that of all
the duties she had paid on imports, not one dollar
went back to her, she had a great interest in the
reduction of these expenses. Look at the vast cost
of our custom-houses, of the collection of revenue,
of the building of our docks and navy yards, and
all the vast sums expended in keeping up our naval
and,military establishments. Gentlemen who wers
naw so urgent to get along with the appropriation
bill, got all these expenses Jjaek. New York and
Massachusetts received almost all that was expend-
ed on light-houses. This bill ¡aid down once, H a-.
ven knew when the subject would again be taken
up He saw the immense power of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and they
■would have to wait his time for the subject to be
taken up again.
That gentleman had said there had been no le-
gislation on this subject since 1789. From that
time down to 1802, but eight light-houses were
erected by Government; and in 1812 there were
but forty-four altogether. At that time the Go-
vernment supplied the oil; but Mr. Lewis came
forward and assured the Government, if they would
give him one-half the amount of the cost of the oil
previously used, he would supply the licht-hoase
establishment and keep it in repair. This mode
was adopted and continued m force till 1S20, when
a new form of contract was substituted. He would
say that they were appropriating to this establish-
ment a van amount more than was really required
by this contrast system. He read from the form of
contract, showing that it provided that the contrac-
tor must keep all ibe light-houses in repair, at his
own expertise; but here they were appropriating.
large sums ot monty-for repairs. Ttere was no
necessity for appropriating for them until the con-
tractors showed—and they had not—that these
light-houses v/ere out of repair when they took pos-
session of them. He would say that the nee I for
this vast amount of mcney for repairs resulted from
the neglect of the i.'ght house keepeist
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut said that, in
delivering over the furniture necessary to keep the
light-house in repair, receipts were taken by the
agents from the light-honse keepers, He had a
book of thersceip's in his possession, from which
he read various items, to show the great accuracy
with which the furniture and utensils were pre-
served and accounted for. The expenws for which
they voted were for supply of reflectois and r.Uu-
siis necessary to keep the light-houses in order,
whin these articles were worn oat. The contract
referred to by the gentleman from Ken'ueky (aid
Mr. W.) was annulled two or three tears ago,"
and the oil had since been conrracied for on adver-
tisement at a price per gallon, and the tubes,wic!-?,
and other apparatus, arc therefore famished at the
expense of Ihe Government; which shows ihe ne-
cessity of the appropriations for these items. There
■were six ligh'-houses in sight of (he ph.ee where
he resided, which were all kept in perfect order,
and conducted with great economy. He further
read, from a document from the Treasury Depart-
ment, a report of the quantity of oil consumed,
the eondit-on of the l'gh'.-hr uses, &e.
Mi: SPR1GG said there never ivas a lime, since
the commencement of Government, when we were
so much in dancer of lew;* overwhelmed with, a
public debt as we were now. This report from
the Treasury Department confirm.-d what hs had
just stated. The Secretary rf the Treasury acted
at once, and, without any difficul.y, exii>¡ír d ¡o
those interested ni the light-houses their condition,
so av to let them know how much ought to be sp-
propna'ed for their support. Under the contract-,
the con.'raeior was bound to keep in order the re-
flectors, and the appaiatus; and yet hire i: was
proposed to appropriate §116,735 for this purpose.
Not only these co-itrac'or-, and all employed in con-
nection with these light-houses, but Mr. Lewi*, the
principal contractor, had a deep inieiest to incrias?
the number uf thbese establishments, to the vast
amount that they hsd bern increased.
He was not for throwing ob-taclcs in the way of
the°improvemsnts of our navigating interests and
of the protection of coranwree, but he wanted lair
play, and that Kentucky should not be burdened
with any more than was aecessaty,   Congress had
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
neglected its duty in regard to this system. Allow-
ing "$35 87 for supplying each lamp with oil, keep-
ing them in repair so as to band them over in order
to the Government, when the contracts expired, the
necessary appropriation would amount to $125 3.77.
A'ter these appropriations what else aid they want?
He was willing to give something for repairs; but
was it possible that for repairs and refitting £125,377
was necessary? The very fact that all this was
proposed for repairs was evidence of guilt. He
could show by reference to the report of the Fifth
Auditor in 1835, that the amount of appropriations
now asked for was greater th-.n the amount at that
period. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Kennedy] had said this was a most beautiful sys-
tem. Wnen these light houses were all along
his own coast, it would do very well for him to
say so.
Mr. McKEON concurred with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means in the necessi-
ty of postponing the main debate on this subject of
light-houses.   The   examination which he had be-
stowed on the subject had brought him to a conclu-
sion lhat defects existed in the system which ought
to be corrected.    He admitted  this was  the im-
pression left on his mind after reading the several
papers winch might be found amongst the  decu-
¡ meats presented to the Senate and the House, and
¡ reading tbe aMe report made to the House of Com-
! mons ¡n 1834.    Mr. MeK. then  stated he  would
waive his remarks f, r  the present.    He read a
list of ihe documents which members might peruse
for themselves, ard he trus'ed  they would do so,
involving, as the light establishment did, the  ex-
penditure of a large amount of money.
Trw following are ths documents:
Senate document No. 13-8, January 26,1839.
Do         do            23S, March     3, 1838.
¡      Ilonae       do             24, Dec.       13, 1833.
Do         do             190, Feb.       13,1839.
Seriate       do             474, May      18,1310.
Tbe result of his own examination had been that
many imrtwementsmightbe judiciously introduced
into oar present system. AstheCoiiimi'tee on Com-
merce had now the subjsct under investigation, he
would ask them to tarn their attention to the pro-
priety of a reorganization of the department.    He
wished to be distinctly understood as in no manner
ca'ling in question the   conduct   or ability of the
present head of the system, but he believed that it
wa-i irapnssib'e that, arranged as the system was
now,    proper attention   coull  be   given to the
lisbt establishments of cot only an Atlantic, coast
!  of three thousand mdes, but the coaMs of our in-
land seas.    The Fiench Government had comiBit-
i  ted  their establishments  to scientific men, whose
duty it was to examine sites and report on die pro-
|  pfiely of not only the  location, but 'be r:,anr.er of
I  building and the lirhlinsr.    The report of the Bri-
'  tihh  House of Commons  recommended, in some
I re pects-, the-ame kind of a supervia.ng poner.
The   committee con.',)Ved of Mr. Rurae,  Mr.
:  O'Counel!, Mr. Edward Corfrington, Mr. Labo'j-
ch-re, Mr. Sisnly, and np'«-ards <u'forty o'h«r dis-
|  tmguished members of tie  House of Commons.
I   They made a foil report acd presented to the
| House a mass of valuable testimony, and state-
! meats of the French, Irish, Swedish, aud Scotch
i  sys'ems.
|i      T-.is committee of Mr. Hume, recommended
II   that a Central Board should be organized, com-
j;  posed of persons connected with the bydrographi-
;  ca! boatd of the admiralty and naval and scientific
;]  officers.   Th's board would take care that the best
I,  reflectors-, lamp , leases,&e.should be introduced,
i   and tbe results of exp-nrr.enls, would tend to keep tip
!,   thel'ghu with the stateof science. They would take
i1 care  that examinations should be frequently and
thoroughly made of the state of the light-houses.
j  The   conclusion   of   the   committee was that by
j  'heir  arrangements,  a  strong impulse  would be
j Riven, and  as publicity in  the board's   account
i  and proceedings must be satisfactory to the cotn-
|   ¡nunity, they recommended that an annua! account
I  be'a'd before Parliament, wiha sla'ement of the
principal alterations and improvements that may
have been made in the lights, in the course of the
past year. There wasone part of thatdocument which
he wished an Executive Departments would refer
to.   There were estimates of the expense of se-
veral light-houses. They were minute in the ex-
treme, and the annual expenditure agreed very
nearly with tbe estimate. There were small arrear-
agesand these infeweases. Heie we had no such
details—here we had no such minuteness; if we
had them, how much more satisfactory to vote on
these measure, than voting as we do, almost in
the dark.
The committee, he trusted, would also examine
how it had happened that so many of our light
homes had been reported out of order, and falling
■ down. The report of a board of officers observed
that a few years since there was a large number
out of order, upwards of one hundred, be believed.
Did these accidents occur from want of proper sci-
entific knowledge, or from false economy in Con-
gress in making small appropriations in the first
instance, and by repairs swelling up the expense of
buildings? Tbe annual expense of the repairs of
French light houses was small, in consequence of
being constructed in the first instance on proper
principles. This very appropriation bill showed
that a large portion of our expenditure was for re-
pairs, and unless we dry up the original source we
may expect an increase under this head with the
increase of our establishments.
The expense of lighting, and the character of
tbe lights, he hoped, would also be investigated.
It might be important to know whether or not the
brilliancy of the light might not be increased, and
at the same time the expense might not be reduced.
He would also call the at'ention of the committee
to the circumstance that this country has been very
tardy in availing itself of the scientific labors of
the o'd word in this department. The Argand
burner never reached the United Slates until twenty
years after its invention. The use of a series of
lenses to magnify lisht, and refract light to a dis-
tant horizon, (resulting not only in economy, but
in increased l'ght, brought into successful operation
by M. F/egnel, was never visible to the American
mariner until neatly eighteen years alter it  appli-
cation on the other side of the Atlantic. Could
not some means be brotsght to bear to giva us, at
least, within a reasonable time, the benefits of the
labors of ihe scientific world, always actively en-
gaged on these subjects?
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Proifit] had
exhibited a huge map, covered with wafers, to
show the iight-hous?s in a particular section of the
Union, That gentleman should have explained
that, numerous as they appeared, they covered a
space not only embracing tne New England States
I on the Atlantic, but all ihe lights—not only light-
j houses, but light-ships—from New Jersey east-
ward. Tne map began with the lights at Sandy
Hook, and embraced all on the Atlantic, ail in
New York Bay, all m the Long Island Sound, and
in the small bay* aid inlets to the eastward. It
was that portion of our coast most traversed.
Tee gentleman mi^ht have also stated that this
map exhibited the largect portion of our Atlantic
lights—of the 191 lighthouses standing between
Easiport, Maine, and the Sabine river, Louisiana,
there are, as he was informed, 111 east of Sandy
Hook—26 in the bays of Delaware and Chesa-
peake, and but 54 frcm Sandy Hook south, round
the peninsula of Florida, along the shores of the
Gulf of Mexico to Vermilion bay, the westernmost
light-house in the United S¡ates From St. Augus-
tine, south, round to the Tortugas Keys, in the
Gulf of Mexico, a distance of nearly 600 miles,
ihere is but one coast-light and one light-ship. He
Mr. McK. trusted that some effort would be made
to remedy this stale of things on our southern coast.
Mr. McK. was not prepared to say how many
of these lights here exhibited were necessary—but
he made these explanations so that gentlemen who
had never seen the ocean or a light-house might
not be hurried away against any lighthouse appro-
priations, from viewing this map so exhib ted
this morning. Numerous as they were, he wished
to%dd another, for a l'ght at Flinn's knoll at
Sandy Hook. This knoll was a sand bar, ¿ear
Sandy Hook, between which the vessels entering
New York were compelled to pass. At mgbt there
was a difficulty in beating in without some mark.
To remedy this, an appropriation of $200 000 was
made in 1887 by Congress to build a light; of
