41k
item entirely, and   moved   to reduce the sum to
#75 000
And ths question being on this amendment to the
bill-
Mr. RODNEY of Delaware addressed the com-
mittee; but the Reporter regrets that, owing to Mr.
R's position the extreme left of the Chair, (in a
corner of the Hall sportively called "Sleepy Hol-
low,") it was scarcely possible to hear all he said.
He was understood as expressing his conviction
that the light-house system of this country, as at
present conducted, was one of the most extensive,
and at the same time time one of the most econo-
mical at present in existence.   He had  prepared
nimself wuh authentic documents to   prove   this.
bat as the committee were very  properly anxious
to proceed with the bill, he would forbear going in-
to the subject    He must be permuted, however, to
say one word as to what had fallen from the   gen-
tleman from Virginia  [Mr. "Wise ]    He   concur-
red fully with that gentleman as to the importance of
having a well-lighted cast: but he could not agree
in applying to any portion of his own constituen-
cy, the remarks wh ch that gentleman had made as
to the feelings and conduct of thuse   uho resu'ed
on the °ea shore on  the subject  of wrecks    He
never could concur in charging any portion of his
own constituency, though the residence of many of
them was in the   immediate vicinity of the (can,
■with the merctle s cruelty of waiting for  the  ex-
tinction of Ufe in the  wrecked crew,   and   then
seiziog like harpies on the spo 1.   A large portion
of  his constituency   were   pilots;   mea of more
generous or more resolute hearts were  not  to be
Jound—as compassionate as they were  bold—and
always ¡¡the  first   to   peril   their    lives  for   the
safety of those committed   to   their   watchfulness
and care.    He owed it to them to say thus   much,
what «ort of people there might be on the coasts < f
Virginia Mr. R did not know, but  he   could =ay
that in his own Stale he knew of none such as the
gentleman had described
Mr. WISE. What'—does the gentlemen say
there are no wreckers there?
Mr RODNEY. There are
Mr. WISE I did not say that any considera-
ble portion of my constituents were wretches such
as I referred to, but that I regretted there were a
few such.
Mr  AYCRIG3.   There are wieckeis on all
parts of the ooaU.
Mr RODNEY said he wished to disclaim oi be-
half of his etnsutuent*, all of them, the charge of
being mercil ss or cruel As to the Fifth Auditor,
who had peculiar ciarge of the expenditure for
light houses, according to all th<? information he
had ever received or heard, Mr. R beli-ved that
gentlemen to be one of the most devoted an I faith-
ful officers in the service of the GoVirnmtnt He
had come into office undei the pure and virtuous
administration of Mt. Monroe; and, under all
the successive administrations which had followed,
thus officer had retained his pon. He had enjoyed
in an equal degree the confidence of five diffe-
rent Ac'mmigtrat.ons. As to his management
of the I'ght house system, he was looked upon as
the mainspring of the whole machine, in fact, he
might justly be denominated the father of the sys-
tem. Two hundied light houses had bten elected
since he had had con rol 3f the depaitment. As
a son of the State Mr R. represented on that floor,
it was his duty to defend him when unjustly as-
sailed. He was the honored son of a Sute who<e
sons, whether found in ihe naval, the mili ary, or
the civil departments of the Government, had ever
been o nsp cuotas for their patriotism, puruy, and
devot on to the public service.
Mr. KENNEDY, of Maryland, said that if the
question was no v to be ti>k i>, he wou! 1 content to
yield th  flior without a* this time addressing the
eomm.ttee; but if not, he must claim ihe right of
replying to much of what had been "dvancci
on the other side.
[Roars of "question •   question  ']
To test the sense of  the commutes,  he would
now move to use.
The question being taken on rising, it was lost
—ayes 45, noes 96
£fo the committee refused to rise.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KENNEDY then resumed, and said thai
he was wiliirg to waive hi  right of reply, (ques-
tion! ques'ioni) but he wished to say, befoie the
vote was tak n, tbat the gen'leroan from Indiana
[Mr. Proffit] had placed him in raiher a strange
position, af er withdrawing his motion to strike
out, to charge those on the opposite side with re-
treating from the dpbate.
Mr. PROFFIT explained, and disclaimed any
such charge.
Mr KENNEDY then observed that he did in-
tend, on a p'oper occasion, to show that the gen-
tleman was thoroughly and totai'y mi taken in the
positions he h, d assumed, as well with regard to
the light-! ouse system of foreign nations as to our
own. and ha' ihe system in this country was as well
admimsleie 1 as any in the world, and considering
the period of dura ion, the ^mprovemeraents it had
undergone were beyond all example. He said
thus much thai h s si!encc might not be interpreted
as a retreat noca the deba e
The quPo'ion w\s now put en Mr Sprigg's
amendment, tad ''er <kJ ii he negative without a
connt
Mr F1LLMOÍJE offered the follow pg amend-
ment, to e in e m it 'he eid oí t- e items for 1 ght-
houses, &e.
For expenses or examining annmlly the condition of the heht
houses fmr thousind doiUi-*   PronJed, Thai the commia
sions ol U o   íi!d hdlfpeí cei t (and dny diuldUo hercommia
eion ) hpret itneall wr 1 tolhpsip rm en Ipnlsnfhght houses
be discontinued in all custb wl e c the compensation of the cot
lector as e>uch and as si pei ¡ntendent of light houses, including
lees perquisite  official shares oí tines, f rleiturps,  and penal
ties, and(omnii^siops md all enolumi-ris of office whatever
shall amount t< ¿-nlies io one tl ousjiuI t oltars 01 upwards per
anium   and Ihe djfleiuU collect is si all heieaftei di^thaige
the duties ofs ipeimtt id nK aa S netoioieuqu re 1 without any
aldmonal or s| cc tic rom} en a ion fui thepetibriiance thereol
excejta abovet-nud  Piui  lerl, Tliat no I ir^here ncontam
ed shall be c   is me i to mi an oi afi ct (he 18 h section of t! e
act anproved Till Miy IS ¿  mi \\% the coi r ei «anon of col
lector survc "is \u I ttivi] oiheersto (hesnm of loui hundred
d illars anno i ly oi sciv   cs pci ormed lor the l m ed St tes m
anyoih t uficxoi cipaci >
The ci c m fee t! ei rose, and tl e House ad-
j urned
Among ihe pe'm ns kid on the Clerk's tibie to
day, irder the order of the  House of the 29 h of
Ma eh, wpip the  o lowi> %•
By Mr fcOTXS of Viignia" Fiom three hun-
dred dhd ut/- wt ci'izors cf V- heeling, in Virgi-
r>< <, setting lotth ti at 1 iv  r' dttnly irrprps ed
With ihe I "1 ef Itia' a tar f! rf pdj tioml duties upon
manufacturer i-, t ~c d to tu<- e f<>re ?nd pros-
pentj oí the conn rv, t'ia' o ir n< u>c products ought
thereby to be prjtfe'td frrm forei.n competition
as far as thi'ran be done without imposing une-
qual Luid ! s up m any {macular sec ion of the
cou.itr , ani that the wai o ot lie Tro ¿>u y ought
b> such n.fpn o he <-i>ppl ed , the petitioners,
thereto*re, re p rtfiij'j pr j n-" ¡h? Ipws ¡egulatug
duties on lore an i ap us ¡ray be s > amended as to
ensure tre en t  ptoi  m
By Mr GWIN- T« petfKi of Samuel Rags-
d-le
By Mr. AYCRJGS Petition ef gV.ss manufac-
turers i f Jersey Cm   asking for pro ection
By Mr. I'UU.VBULL Meraoial oí AlbroGns-
wold and 182 otheis, fioii Wcih r fe'd, Connec-
ticul, (fTimo Cowl's end 34 others, of M L. J.
Cunningham and 32 other-, from Farram¡zton,
Comiecucut, prp^ug that in the adjustment of a
tariff of duties ca in , oris d cam nauor may be
made m favor < f Anvncn >nlu try.
By Mi. McKEON- R s linios froirthe Cham-
ber of Corrí cree of Ne«v Y rk, ii favor ot ihe
crast survey unde' Mr Hauler
By Mr MOORE Evii nee n support of the
c'ataiofC ibón 411en,t t ->1 ; peu ion of Henry M.
Bit, )irs>y i; c r1rT"ion of l¡?nd ca'm
By Vi ROO^CVELT Pel.tton of sundry im-
porters of end deal* s nv?tthes precirus stones,
pearls, &c pr*-,,',g ihat tie dunes on goods of lit-
tle bulk ara gieat val.u ^aybe fxeJ at'-ucha rate
as not to hjij oú* temptations to viola'e tne laws
&c.
Also, the petition of the vwneis and agents of
the packet lme¡, of snips trading b tween New
Yoik and Liverpool, London and Havre, to the
same effect.
By Mr.  BARNARD. Petition of Egbert & Eg-
bert, and 162 others, citizens   of  Cohoes, New
York, in favor of protective laws.
Also, the petition of the widow of Timothy
Powers for a pension.
By Mr. BOARDMAN. Petitions of James
Brewster and 348 citizens of New Haven, Connec-
ticut? of Samuel C. Johnson and 33 inhabitants of
Guilfoid, Connecticut, and of Elihu Moutthrop,
Jr. and 23 inhabitants of Wolcott, Connecticut, all
asking for a tar ff of discrimination in favor of
American industry.
By Mr. CASEY. Petition of a number of citi-
zens of township three north, range nine east, in
the county of Richland, Illinois, praying Congress
to pass an act authorizing the citizens of said town-
ship to relinquish the 16th section therein, and ea-
ter other lands in lien thereof.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, April 12, 1842
Mr PHELPS piecEnted a memonat from certain manufac-
turers oi gidss m Veimont, representing the depressed condition
ofthatb-anchof mannfaetme They ask that such a tanif of
duties be laid not only to protect them aga nst foreign competi-
tion and revive that bianch of business, but all branches of
manufacture
Mi P also presented the proceedings of several meetmge,
and seveial memorials ftom that State m favor of protection to
bve\y brar ch of Amt-ncan indusuy
After afew remarks fEom Mr P showing that the doctrine
of protection was advocated in Vermont with singular unanimi-
ly, and without regaid to party designation, the memorials and
proceedings of the meetings were referred to the Committee on
Manufactuies
Mr SPRAGtE presented joint resolutions adopted by the
legislature of Rhode Hand, on the subject of the embanassed
aonditton of the ¡National Treasury, and the critical
condition of our foreign relations, and calling upon Congress to
pass measures for the relief of the common country and to
protect the national honoi ordered to he on the table and be
punted
Mr HENDERaON presented a memorial from Thompson
Wilson, asking pei mission toenteias a pre emption right, cer
tain quarter sections of land referred tojthe Committee on Pri-
vate Lam1 Claims                   «
Mi PRESTON, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
made an adveisen portón the petition of Dr M Monsun, pray
irg ro be allowed the pay and emoluments of a surgeon of the
arm)   which was or ered to be laid on the table and printed
Mi PIIELP , from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
to which had been referred House bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Pearceand Maiy M lelfair daughters and heirs of Israel Tel-
fair, reported the same back with an amendment, which was
read
Mr LINN, on leave and agreeably to notice given, intro-
duced a bill to sui tender O tne state of Missouri and Arkansas
alternate sections of certain lands reported as not worth the ex-
pense of survey, for the puipose of increasing the value of the
public domain
Mi LIN Nsaid he desired to draw the attention of the chair
man of the Committee on Public Lands to this subject The
poiti n oi country refeired <o was th° alluvial districts extend-
ing liom the mouth of the Ohio to the mouth of the St Fran-
cib nver, a distance of upwaids of two hundred miles,and cove-
ring m width from thirty to fifty miles All this tract of coun-
try was sometimes submerged by the oveiflowmg ot the Mia
s ssippi, as well as the Su Fiancia and otht,r large nveis This
had been the case piobably for a vei y long time, but certainly
since the eanhquake of 1811 Very iarge lakes had been form
ed by that occuirence, some of them sixty miles in length, and
when the large rivers were swollen, almost the whole of the
tract of country he had mentioned was submerged But by
removing the rafts Irom the S FranciSj and by opening the
s nuscs which connect those reservoirs of water, the whole
might be made to run off m a continuous stream to the St Fran-
cis and to the Mississippi This valuable portion of territory,
asat ¿.leseul fcituattd might besaid to be ertirely useless to the
United Stares, for although there were tracts of thuty or forty
miles in extent, which were exempted from the condition of the
surioanding land, yet they were insulated tracts—they
were cut off from the higher countiy because en
tnely surrounded by svater, having no communication ex-
cept by. means of budges The question, then, was, should
this poi tion of tei i itoi y, which might be called the richest and
most ferule m the woi Id, be redeemed from its. present useless
condition1* and whether this Government will contribute to ac-
complish this Objett, by sui rendering it to the ¡states of Ar-
kansas and Missouri 01 whether th'-y will wait until individual
labor shall oe abie to efftict us restoration He [Mr Linn] had
caused a map to be prepared by a scientific gentleman for the
m ormation of the committee to whom he dcaircd that tljebiU
should be referí ed, and he hoped his friend from Indiana would
ta<ie charge of the subject, and give a careful examination to
the reportb anddocuuiKi is which he would present to the com-
mittee And he felt crnfiriet t upon ^uch examination, he
would view the facts m such a light as would lead him to re
poit the bill back to the i?enate for its adoption
Mr teEVIEil said he could not conceive that there would be
an objection to the bill If was a very important matter to the
two s> ate*, Arkansas and Missouri They had expended al-
ready upon a road leading through that tract of country, $220,*
000 \fiil the road was still unfinished, owing in a great degree
tj the inundated state of the country He believed that
the lafts could be effectually and completely removed but he
<ftv<ts i=aticfied that unless the Government or the States them
«elves took up the matter there was little chance of its being
accomplished It was an enterprise too large to be accomplish
ed many other way
The bill was then read twice, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands
Mr MERRICK, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to which the subject had been referred, reported a
bill to provide for the publication of a new edition of the laws
and regulations of the Post Office Department, and a perfect
