CONGRESSIONAL OtOBl.                                     Sit
.™^________                                                                                            .....                                   i    ■                       It ni Iwi.liii^l............ffi......r............au.iiimUji.rr ■■■     ..,-■.........-■
Mr ¡LINN accepted the amendment, which was |
concurred m.
Mr, CONRAD being entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the Senate for upwards of aa hour in op-
position to the bill.
Ihe debate was cannoned till rive o'clock, by
Messrs LINN, SEVIER, ARCHER, KING,
E0CHANAN, WRIGHT, and ALLEN, in sup
port of the bill, and by Messrs HENDERSON,
BARROW, CONRAD, and MANGUM, in oppo-
sition: Mr Allen being entitled to tbe floor to-
morrow, m continuance of his remarks
The question pending at Ihe hour of a Ijourn-
ment was an amendment submitted by Mr Hen-
derson, to which Mr. B*rrow had offered an
amendment which Mr. H. accepted, but subse-
quently requested Mr B would recall.
Mr. Henderson's amendment was as follows,
Mr. Barrow's modification being in brackets
" Provided always, That nothing in this act shall be con
«trued to be an expression of the opinion ol Congress as to the
legality of the proceedings of the judge m mfltcung the fine,
[orof the want of patriotism or fidelity of the citizens ofNew
Orleans,] but that this shall be deemed and taken to be an ad
didonal expression of the sense of Coi gress of the high con
«deration in which they hold the achievement of General lack
son m the defence of New Orleans, and of the services rendered
by him and his companions in arms on that memorable oc
casion "
At five o'clock, on motion of Mr. LINN, the
subject was informally passed over; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 17, 1842
Mr DODGE presented a memorial to Congress,
numerously signed by commission merchants end
others, in the city of New York, asking for an ap-
propriation for a harbor at Milwaukee, in, the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr HOPKINS asked leave to introduce a joint
resolution fiom the Comm ttee rn the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which he hoped there wou'd be
no objection.
Mr FILLMORE said if the resolution would
give rise to no debate, he would not object lo its in-
troduction
Mr HOPKINS replied that it would not He
wished to put it on its passage. It met with l><e
approbation of the Post Office Department, and
had received the unanimous assent of tbe commit-
tee. Mr H then introduced a joint «solution,
authorizing the extension of the contract i or car-
rying the mail from Mobt e to New O'lean",
ior three vears from the time the contact will ex-
pire by its own limitation,  which having been
Mr. WARREN offered an amendment in rela-
tion toa mail route in Georgia, which was read
Mr. HOPKINS said he had not apprehended
that the gentleman from Georgia would have offer-
ed this amendim nt after it had been rtjected in the
committee, for he could not expect it to prevail,
and it might deieat the action oí the House on the
resolution. He had no objection to take the vo e
on the amendment if the gentleman would call for
the previous question
Mr WARREN observed that he would call for
the previous question after he had said a word or
two in exp'anaiion of his amendmert Mt W
then, after a few remarks, in explanation, moved
the previous question
Mr HOPKINS [the mrlion for tbe previous
question having been wuhdrawn at his reqjesi]
kimply de*ired to inform the House that t in joint
resolution had been rendered n ces=ary by a rus
take that occurred m the original pre posáis fir tae
transportation of the mail on the route before men-
tioned. The original proposal was for tso ytar%
aDd the contract was for three years, but, at tbe ex-
piration of the two j ears tbe contractors msistrd
that the contract wai < xecuted, and that tbey were
not bound to carry tbe mail any longer, so that this
contract has been got out if the ordinary contract
term
Tbe resolution was intended to teohfy and reg-
ulate this matter.   The amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia might be very proper on ano-
ther question, and, indeed, the case might be pro-
vided for m the general ronte bill; bat the cem-
mittee thought that u was improper in this bill,
intended for a particular object With these ex-
plana ions, be would move the previous question
The second to the previous ques ton having been
carried, and the mam question ordered,
The mam question was first taken on Mr War-
ren's amendment, and it was rejected without a
division
The joint reso'ution was then passed.
Mr FESSENDEN, by general consent, submit-
ted a fsolu'ion, calling on the War Department
for information in relation to certain reports made
by Major Hi cbcock, which was adopted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House several
communications from the Executive Departments,
which were anpropnately referred.
On motion by Mr FILLMORE, the Hou«e re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr Clifford of Maine in the
chair,) and resumed the consider<Uion¿of the naval
appropriation bill                              ■<
When the committee ross last ¿evening, item
No. 1 was under consideration, njf the following
words:                                  |
" For pay of commissioned! warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, $3,195 4f 2 23 "
Which said item Mr. MehIwjwher bad moved
to amend, by «inking out "3,195,432 23," and in-
serting "$2 335,000 " And the pending question
was on the amendment
Mr. SPRIGG, who was entitled to the floor, ob-
sei ved that be did not feel very well prepaid on
the subject, but yet he was well convinced that the
House and th nation would consider w ll the state
of cur finances before they voted so high an appro-
priation for this brancn of the public service as the
committee called for. We have, said he, an ex
hausied Treasury, no plan of revenue yet adoptpd,
and Ihe whole country is suffering under heavy em-
barrassments , and yet we are called upon, m ad-
dition to the outstanding balances on the 1st of
January last, to appropria e more money for ihe
naval service ihan ever has been given to lhat ob-
ject under any Administration since the Govern-
ment commenced.
There were outstanding balances of appropi-
ations to the amojnt of $3,321,000, and we are
now asked to appropriate over eight millions of
dollar , making tbe appropriations for  'his year
nearly twelve millions for naval purposes, and
nearly one-ha'f of he whole amount of  the esu
mates of tbe last Adminstration for ihe who e sup-
poitofthe Government for the year 1841    Mark
yoj, said Mr   S , this is a Whig Administration
that came into power under p'edges of economy,
retrenchment, and reform    The Whigs have the
ascendancy m this hall     They have Ihe power to
tie up the purse-strings, and it devolved on tl-em
to take care ihat the public money is not waited.
There never wis a more auspicious time, since the
foundation of the Government, for the Congress of
the nation to check the Executive, and bring about
economy and retrenchment in all the brarches of
the public service     The President nuw had but lit
tie influence m tha* House, mrd we Whigs, =aid
Mr S , have a rr r<  preponderating mflu-pee tha?
any party evei had hue Before     Th s   t en, was
the time f r Wfmto carrj out Ihe p-ofts ions which
brought  the-n  wo  power      Now,  sSi 1 he,  we
st«ind, as it <*e'e, d ^connec ed vi n tbe Execu'i«,
and can ch ok h m without losing any more favor
tnan we have ai i ady 1 st
The appronnations ft r tbe very t em undei con-
s deration, fir the last year, wie $2 819,928 72,
and th" snpiop- at ons for the aire item this year
are $3 195 412 23—nearly one million more—just
for tie pay <f lh^ c ffieers < f ihe navy a'one—-'nan
it «is unc\r u e las AJmimshatior N< w, m re-
cord to ha' rittrr be wou'd liqai e, in me fint
p sc<-, n< vi hal bipp nrd tint this vast «crease
o' t,° pay o' he officeis cam  u pass? It result
ed from the fact, that, on the 8ih of September
1811, justa lew davs befuie Cjnsress adjourne 1
these «ere one hundred and forty naval appom -
msnts made. There v-ere appointed fifteen post-
captains,  fifty five  commanders, (and here he
would remark that there were but forty fi « com-
manders from the foundation of the Government!
up to that time,) fifty five lieutenants, ten pursers,
&c Thus, in one single day, more appointment*
were made of the two higher grades than the Gov-
ernment ever bad before This fact showed to
what extent the House might be committed to the
views of the Executive in the way ot making ap-
pointments We hare no power to control tbe
Executive m the advancement of men to rank—that
rested with the Senate, but, in appropriating tbe
money to pay them, the House sanctioned the
advancement.
Mr S did not m'end to cast any reflections on,
the President; he presumed lhat he acted from a
sense of duty; but tbe recommendations for these
appointments must have come from him, and they
were doubiless determined on before the disruption
of his cabiret. However this might be, though
there had been a large increase of officers since
1823, approaching to nearly one thousand, and
more were in comm'ssion than the department
could find employment for, ibis large increase was
made in a siesg'e day. He was not convinced of
the propriety of the^e appom menis, notwithstand-
ing the remarks of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Cu lima] on yesterday. From the ex-
tracts he had made from the public documents, it
appeared that there were two hundred and thirty
ofhVers on full pay, watting for orders. According
to the Biennial Re^i ter, the number was greater
than this—upwards of two hundred and fifty in
September last, but he would take the amount
staled in the S cre'ary's report Now, he would
ask if it was right for the Government to be pay-
ing, f< r years, high «alanés to mtn for rendering no
serv ice whatever He asked if it was not the duly
of Congress to interfere and check ibis growing
evil If we submit, said be, to this course of the
Executive, in increasing the number of naval offi-
cers through his own will and pleasure only, we
will be faithless to ihe people, and unmindful of
ihe trusts leposed in us
Mr S. here gave a statement by which it ap-
peared that, for ihe la t six jears, about one hun-
dred thousand more had been paid for officers wait-
ing orders ihan was paid for the same purpose up
to 1834 and '35 He thought that Congress should
take the tnatler m han 1, and correct this crying-
abuse He found that the department recommend-
ed the creat on of other and higher ranks in the
navy He found (hat Ihey wanted admiral , and
this would enormously increase the pay list, while
Ihe number of officers out of employment would
also be increased This addmonal expenditure
was recommended on the ground that promotion
vas so slow, and the officers m ihe various grades
had such little hopes of advancement under the
present system, that something was necessary to be
done to prevent their losing that spirit v  nioh was
so essential to the efficiency of this right arm.
of the public defence
The number of officers m ihe navy was so
greatly dispr< por íored to fie service to be per-
formed, tt-at they n ces>auly became rusty in their
prole smn from the want cf practic" The case,
as be undersicol it, and as he hid le ,rned from
officer;, of exptnenc, was this A midshipman,
a'ter receiving his appointment, went to sea for
mo or three } ears, and then had to wait on shore
five or six ye-r¡> before he was nude a lieutenant.
The consequence was, that when he went to sea
apain, he had nearly forgotten what little he had
leaned
He wished it to be borne m mind, tint thee
were upwards ct 250 officers waiting ordert. in
1341, aid that at thai vcyume, when there was not
enougn to do for tnosc a'ready in commas on, 140
more were appointed He woolj a*k if ihi¡> was
r ght end props', and if the people sfaou'd be taxed
lor such unnecessary expenditures He would not
siy voat tnese appo ntmenls were made for the
nurpose of gainng inendi for this Administration;
bat h> thought that it wa natural that the making
of them should have lhat effect Tbe numerous
friend  and relatives of tb-se officers and their
wives would be conchabo, «p-mlly when they
considered that, from tbe number already commis-
sioned, and the little service to be peiformed, there
