él4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'pied renderei it impossible for them to hear dis-
tinctly every thing that was said in the Senate, and,
Hinder these circumstances, it was-not to be expect-
ed' that tbe debates could be reported with perfect
accuracy. With regard to himself, he was not ac-
customed to correct any reports of bis own speech-
es, except such as were published in pamphlet form.
He was therefore subject ordinarily, like every
iother Senator, to be misunderstood and misrepre-
sented, without any fault on the part of the report-
ers. His purpose at present was merely to correct
that part of the report published in a newspaper in
•this city, entitled the Madisonian, which related
particularly to himself. He was made in that re-
port to say, that "as one branch of the Govern-
ment had acted in the matter, it was high time for
,-another b,ody to act." So far, it was correct; but the
report went on to attribute to him this sentence :
*' He was willing to bear the consequences of a
■civil war." He had uttered no such words. What
he had said was, that he was ready to bear all the
•responsibility which his course in relation to this j
question entailed-upon him. There was another
brief passage, in which the Senator from South
Carolina opposite [Mr. Preston] was made to say,
in reference to Wm, (Mr. Allen,) " You «ill make
a civil war." He (Mr. Allen) was not aware
that the Senator had "aid any such thing. If so, it
must have been sotto voce, and not intended to be
heard beyond those immediately about him. If
such an expression bad been heard by him, it as-
-sutedfy would not have been permitted to pass
without notice. He did not think that the Sena-
tor had been correctly reported, because he did not
believe ihat he would impute to any Senator, or to
any. citizen of this country, a desire of promoting a
civil war. He was certain the Senator never in-
tended to impute to him any such motives.
Mr. PRESTON, after having read the passage
- alluded to, said, whatever expression he might have,
used—and he cenainly did use some expression—"
it was not addressed to the Senator from Ohio; and
he certainly had not supposed that it would have
attracted any attention. He believed that both
Sentences had been misreported, and that attributed
to him was evidently predicated upon the expres-
sion attributed to the Senator from Ohio. He be-
lieved that the expression he had used was to ihe
effect that the course pursued by the Senator was
caloi atert to produce a. civil war. The honorable
Senator did himno more than justice in saying
that he had no disposition to impute to any Sena-
tor improper motives, or to exceed the rules of par-
liamentary courtesy and decorum.
Mr. ALLEN re.Jiad, that what the honorable
Senator bad said was no more than he had a right
to expect from htm, and of coarse the explanation
was entirely satisfactory. With respect to any
thing he had done in the Senate, or elsewhere, in
relation to the Rhode Island affair, and whether
good or ill was likely to result from it, was a mat-
ter -of which the coun'ry would judge; and any ex-'
pression of opinion with regard to it on the part of
any honorable Senator, was of course strictly par-
liamentary.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a petition from
the children of Andrew Colburn, deceased, pray-
ing for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which had been referred a bill
to authorize "the citizens of Lake county, Illinois,
to enter a tract of land for the, site of a seat of jus-
tice, reported the same back with an amendment.
The bilí as amended was then read.
Mr. YOUNG observed, that he would be glad,
if the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
had no objection, that tbe bill should now be ad-
vanced on it* passage. He knew of nothing to ob-
struct it. The citizens of the county were eitiemely
anxious to commence their public buildings as early
as possible this season, and oniy waited the passage
of the bill to proceed wi>h the work.
Mr. KING a.'.ked the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands for an explanation of the na-
ture of the change.
Mr. SMITH stated that the county commission-
«R, appointed under the general law, proceeded to
tesóte the county seat; after which, a vote was
tiken of the inhabitants whether the county seat
should remain as located by the commissioners, or
be removed to another location, selected by them-
selves; There was a majority of votes for the re-
moval to the quarter section which was the subject
of this bill. The county had paid into the land of-
fice the minimum price for the land, and wanted
the patent; but the commissioners, having once per-
formed their duty, did not conceive they were au-
thorized to act again. The object of this bill was
to authorize the issue of the patent, and the amend-
ment provides for the surrender to the land office
of the former selection.
The bill was then reported back from the com-
mittee of the whole, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. KING called the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary to tbe subject«f
the bill referred to that committee some monlhs
ago, relating to the reorganization of the circuits
of the district courts of the Uaited States. It was
extremely desirab'e that some speedy action should
be taken on the subject. There was not a mem-
ber of Congress fiom the Western and Southern
States who did not know that serious inconvenience
was hourly experienced, both by the suitors and the
officers of the courts themselves, in consequence of
the manifest physical impossibility of some of the
judges getting through the duties imposed upon
them. He stated many of these, communicated to
him by Judge MeKinley; and pointed out the
pressing necessity for the passage of the bill. He
begged to know what progress .had been made in
the matter by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BERRIEN, in reply, stated that the atten-
tion of the Senate was called to the subject some
days ago by the Senator from Aikansas; and th's
very morning the committee had had it under con-
sideration. The committee entertain a most anx-
ious desire to adjust the matter, but find it diffi-
cult to do so; and had come to the conclusion of
simply repoiting the bill, wuhout any recommend-
ation; leaving the subject entirely in tbe hands of
the Senate for action, according to the best lights
which should be. hrown upon it under discussion.
As the committee was now sitting from day to
day, he was in hopes of being able to report back
the bill in a day or two.
Pending resolutions being next in order,
Mr. ALLEN hoped his Rhode Island resolutions
would be taken up and disposed of.
The CHAIR observed that the resolution of the
Senator from Maryland was first in order.
Mr. MERRICK observed that his resolution had
been for some length of time in arrear. It was
one of great importance as a rule of action for the
guidance of the Senate in future. It was desirable
that a proper understanding should exist as to the
internal business of the Senate in committees and
in executive session.
Mr. BENTON made a few remarks not dis-
tinctly heard; but he was understood to say that
there was not such pressing necessity for the dis-
cussion ef this resolution as for those in relation to
Rhode Island.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That all tbe letters of recommendation, and other
papers, or information touching or concerning any nomination
for office pending before the Senate, which may be sent or com-
municated by the President of the United States, or any chief
executive officer, to the Senate, or any of its committees, shall
beheld and deemed to be confidential communications, within
the meaning of the thn ty-eighth rule for conducting the busi-
ness of the Senate; but all such papers, when communicated to
a committee, shall, after the decision of the question to which
they relate, be returned to the proper department of tbe Gov-
ernment, and not placed upon the files of the Senate, unless so
expressly ordered by the Senate.
The question pending being on Mr. McRoberts's
amendment to strike out ail after the word Resolved
and insert:
"That, in al! cases of nomination made by the President to
the Senate, foi the appointment of officers of the United Stales
the Senate will proceed to consider and decide on said nomina-
tions with open doors."
Mr. MoROBERTS observed that, independent
of any particular case which might have called
forth this resolution, it was his purpose to support
his amendment upon principle.   He viewed the
Í whole subject as a question whether this Govern-
ment should proceed in its public duties under a
veil of secrecy, or in open day and in the presence
of those most interested in its action. The duty of
confirming or rejecting Executive nominations was
as much a public duty of the Senate as that of
legislation. It was of as much importance to the
country to know all about iis public officers as
about (he proceedings of legislation. He spoke
only of the action of ihe Senate itself with respect
to nominations. If the Executive thought it neces-
sary to consider cemmumcations made to him, or
to the departments, confidential, the parties making
them so requesting, he had no objection to make.
These might guide his nominations; but the Senate
should, on its part, act on its own responsibility,
and in open view, and with open discussion of the
documents laid before it in support of such nomi-
nations.' The effect of this would, in every re-
spect, be salutary. Instead of encouraging private
slander?, and assaults in the dark on men's charac-
ters and motives, just charges would be made
openly, becamse well founded; and if those which
were unjust were preferred, ihe accused would have
redress in the open vindication of his character or
motives.
Mr. LINN took occasion of a pause in the
Senator's remarks to say, that probably it would
answer his purpose as well to discuss the matter
more futly to-morrow morning, which he evidently
could not now do, as it was near one o'clock, when
the general orders would be called. If, therefore,
the Senator would have no objection to allow the
subject to be passed over informally, he would
make a motion to that effect.
Mr. McROBERTS assented; and the subject
being passed over,
Two bills were taken up and read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The general orders then brought up, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the unfinished business of
>esterdayj being the further consideration of the
bill to refund to Major General Andrew Jackson
the fine imposed on him by Judge Hall at New
Orleans in 1815.
The question pending was on the amendment
of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Henderson,]
, as modified by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Barrow.]
The amendment was as follows, the modification
being within brackets:
"Provided, always, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to be an expression of the opinion of Congress as to the
legality of the proceedings of the judge in inflicting tbe fine,
[or of the want of patriotism orfidelity of the citizens of New
Orleans;] but that this shall be deemed and taken to be an ad-
ditional expression of the sense of Congress of the high con-
sideration in which they hold the achievement of General Jack-
son in the defence of New Orleans, and of tbe services rendered
by him and his companions in arms on that memorable oc-
casion."
Mr. ALLEN addressed the Senate for nearly an
hour in opposition to the amendment, and in sap-
port of the original bill; stigmatizing, in eloquent
and forcible terms, all attempts to qualify, by pro-
visoes, a simple act of national justice. He point-
ed out the impossibility that a man of such high
principles, and of so much sensitiveness as Gene-
ral Jackson, in all that relates to his honor and
character, could accept a grant qualified by any
such proviso as that contained in this amendment.
He repudiated the idea that General Jackson's
friends could vote for the bill so amended. How-
ever willing he was to absolve the movers and
supporters of the amendment from any motive to
disparage General Jackson's fair fame, so glori-
ously won at New Orleans, the whole country
would look upon this bill, if ihus amended, as an
implied declaration of censure on the part of Con-
gress.
Mr. SEVIER called for a division of the ques-
tion on the amendmeBt.
The original amendment was then read, and the
modification separately.
A general wish seemed to prevail that ihe call
for a division of the question should be withdrawn.
Mr. SEVIER accordingly withdrew his motion.
Mr. PRESTON was inclined to favor the call of
the Senator from*Arkansas for a division of the
question. For his own part, he could not support
the modification, because he thought it was an un-
necessary embarrassment of the subject; Congress
having already pronotmced, in the most emphatic
manner, its approbation of the conduct of the citi-
