CONCESSIONAL atom,
J^ Ti ^'i>M w8w*)M<fc*p<^^ > MhqM^*wm^rTiiiiBifi> iiiiii iiinnjii «i, fiinri   i    n     •
pended. . Was it right, he asked, to . eall them
malefactors and condemned criminals, because, per-
haps, they might be guilty of some small breach of
discipline, involving no moral turpitude? The gal-
lant Porter was found guilty and suspended from
the service, and yet he ventured to assert that 99
out of 100 of the American people sustained him
in the act for which he was suspended. Men who
were the pride of the navy often committed small
offences and had to be suspended for a few months;
yet they wera termed malefactors. Mr. P. cited
numerous instances to show the hardship of de-
priving an officer of his pay for trifling offences.
The House had heard much about the lounging
propensities of the officers, and their fondness for
spending their time at the hotels, and in parading
the avenue. This charge, he thought, came with
an ill grace from members of this House, when
there were so many always lounging about the city
and elsewhere. At the last division there were but
125 members present. Where were the remain-
der, if they were not lounging 1 Yet these mem-
bers of Congress talked of an officer if he came to
spend a few days with his family ! When the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay] was
making his able and eloquent speech this morning,
where were all the members of the House? Sup-
pose the people tíad come into the galleries and
seen these empty seat?, would they not have in-
quired where were their Representatives?
Let us (said Mr. P.) correct the errors and
abuses in the navy, which the officers themselves
desire as much as anybody; but not term them
malefactors, and regard them as condemned crimi-
nals, whenever they are found guilty of violating
the strict rules of the service. Upon the authority
of a British officer, he declared that there was not
in the world a navy whose officers stood so high as
ours, and who, from midshipmen upward, pre-
served such high-toned, gentlemanly, and chival-
rous feeling.
Mr. FERRIS commented upon the unlimited
poweis of courts-martial in the punishment of offi-
cers violating the rules laid down for the govern-
ment of the navy. When an officer was arraigned
before the court-martial, whether the charges
against him be grave or not, the court was clothed
with the discretionary power of punishing him as it
saw fit. This was a power which might be much
abused. In the ordinary tribunals of justice in the
country, each offence is defined by law; and the dis-
cretion of the judge in punishing is limited, accord-
ing to the character of the offence. Yet a gallant
officer of the navy was, at any time, exposed lo
the arbitrary discretion of a court-martial. He
might be dismissed after thirty years' service; and
that, too, for the most trifling offence, or because
his manners might not be popular; or, perhaps, on
account of personal and political hostility.
Were the naval code similar to the criminal code
elsewhere, he should be willing to limit the discre-
tion of the Executive as to the power of revising
the decisions of courts-martial. But whilst it was
in the power of a malicious court-martial to de-
prive a meritorious and gallant officer of his place
in the navy, he could not consent to abridge the
power of the President to revise and correct its de-
cisions.
The effect of depriving a suspended officer of
his pay, would be to punish all offences with dis-
mission. There were many who were poor and
depended on their pay. Without that, they must
leave the service or starve. No discrimination
would exitt between high and low officers; and the
consequence would be, that none but the rich could
stand suspension. Ano'her circumstance, too, he
would mention in palliation of suspension. It was
often resorted to, merely to preserve the necessary
disciplina in the navy, when, in fict, no digrsce
and no moral turpitude attached to the officer sus-
pended.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL next addressed the
committee against the adoption of the amendment.
He cited the case of an officer who might be con-
victed by a naval court-martial held in another
quarter of the globe, and commented upon the
hardship to which he would be subjected by being
deprived of his pay, and left without the means of
returning home, and with no way of maiataitiag
himself in a foreign country. He then adduced in-
stances from ancient and modern history—the case
of the Roman Dictator's son, who-vanquished the
Acqui and the Volsci, by violating the rules of the
army, and who was put to death by his own father,
in obedience to military law—the case of Admiral
Nelson at Copenhagen, when fighting the battles
of England—the case of General Jackson (to
which Mr. I. referred in eloquent terms) at New
Orleans, when he resisted the mandate of a
judge, and was fined, though the whole country
pronouncedhim right; these and oihers he related,
for the purpose of showing how often military men
were placed in situations where they had to violate
martial law, without any guilt, and often with
manifest advantage to their country. He also ad-
vocated the policy of supervising the decisions of
courts-martial, which were not composed of techni-
cal men, and which might often commit injustice.
One great element in the superiority of Arthur Wel-
lesley, (now Duke of Wellington,) as a general, con-
sisted of his skill in revising and correcting the de-
cisions of courts-martial; for evidence of which
fact, Mr. I. referred to Napier's History of the Pen-
insular War. He concluded that to adopt this
amendment would contribute greatly to the decline
of the service, and its reduction from order into
chaos.                                             4
Mr. HABERSHAM advocated similar views.
He thougnt the effect of the amendment would be,
that, in a great majority of cases, courts-martial,
in consequence of the severity of the punishment,
would not punish at all. Nor would this appro-
priation deprive officers suspended of their pay.
The Government would have to pay them here-
after.
By the practice adopted in the navy, the Secre-
tary could order officers in the service, or no1, as he
pleased. The latter portion of the amendment,
therefore—that portion which forbids an officer
from receiving pay who has been out of employ-
ment for five years—placed it in his power, by re-
fusing to order them into the service, to deprive
ihem of all pay. Moreover, the five years statute
of limi'ation would be inefficient in another re-
spect. When an officer had been out four years
or more, the Secretary might call him into service
for a short time, and thus relieve him of the effect
of the limitation,
Mr. WISE submitted it to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Tkiplett] to say whether tbis was
just legislation or not. Was it legislation "or adju-
dication? The navy had judicial tribunals, but
without the President's power over them. What
did the amendment propose? It assumed the pow-
er to say to ihe President, we (the court-ma||ial)
should do as the House directed.
He presumed the case of Com. E'liott was the
principal reason for the introduction of this amend-
ment.
Mr. TRIPLETT.    That case end one other.
Mr. WISE. Then its operation would he ex pnst
fkcio. Elliott had been tried and sentenced—his
panishmentawarded, and his sentence muisated by
the President. This amendment would deprive
him of his pay, arid increase his punishment, and
is, therefore, ex post facto.
There might be ca^es where an officer should te
suspended with pay, and some where he should be
suspended without. Was there not a bill on the
table to regulate all their proceedings, by which a
board was to be constituted to say what should be
considered as offences, and wh^t punishment
should be inflicted? Was not that the proper bill
for this amendment, instead of an appropriation
bill?
After ?ome further remarks upon the ex post fac-
to nature of the amendment, Mr. W. said that,
after the vote which had been taken on the mo'ion
to reduce the amount of appropriation for these
who were now m the service, he had little hope of
having any views which he might entertain to-
wards the navy adopted. If the House determined
to cut off the pay of those men who were in the
service, it would not be inconsistent in refusing to
pay those who had been suspended. Two hun-
dred officers and two thousand men had been add-
ed, and yet ths committee refused to appropriate
m
any further pay and subsistence.   This was beau-
tiful legislation indeed!                     *
Mr. CARUTHERS addressed the committee at
some length in support of the amendment. It had
been argued, he said, that this was an awkward
kind of legislation; but by necessity, they were
obliged to resort to legislation of this sort, for
the reason that they could not get at it in any pther
way.
Mr. WISE said that a bill had been reported,
and was on the table, to regulate courts-martial,
and define offences and punishments in the navy.
Mr. CARUTHERS. We have, it is true, such
a bill, and it has been referred to a co'mmittee; but
when will the committee report on u? There was
a strong necessity for the adoption of this rule, and
it was better to engraft it in the present bill, than
run the chance of losing it altogether, by waiting
for the action of the House on another bill.
Mr. WISE. Does my friend from Tennessee
propose—or will he, or will any practical man in
this House, propose—that we should go into a re-
form of courts-martial, or into a definition Of
crimes and punishments in the navy? He would
tell the gentleman that this was one of the least
important subjects in which* reform should be in-
troduced in the navy. If tbey could go into this
subject, he could offer amendment after amend-
ment of far more importance.
Mr. CARUTHERS said if the gentleman could
show that there were other rules and regulations
that were necessary, and offer them in an amend-
ment, he would vote for it. The question, how-
ever, was, hew far they could go in this amend-
ment. We judge of the urgency and necessity of
the case, and how far it requires a remedy. Wht.t
was proposed by the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky? [Mr. Tmplett.] Why, that here-
after, when an officer commits an offence, and is
suspended from service, that suspension shall ope-
rate as a punishment, and not as a favor. Now,
when an officer is snsr ended by a court-martial,
he is relieved from all punishment, as well as from
all duty.
Mr. WISE said that the gentleman had misunder-
stood the amendment. It was retrospective, and
not prospective, in its operations. It was not for
after offences, but for past offences.
Mr. CARUTHERS said his object was to show
the necessity of providing for past as well as fu-
ture cases, if there be no constitutional difficulty
in the way, as argued by the gentleman from' Mas 
sachusetfa. If no such impediment existed, there
was a crying necessity for passing ihis amendment.
What was the punishment of an officer now, when
suspended by the eenteuce of a court-martial?
None whatever. Yo  give him pay for being out
of service—relieve him from all duty—from the
dangers of the sea—the maladies of different cli-
mates—and the iron storm of battle, (to use the
language of the gentleman from Indiana.) Bnt
the gentleman from Massachusetts said that the
adoption of this amendment would be an infringe-
ment of the rules and regulations of the Bine
Book. Now, Mr. Upsher himself said that he
looked upon the rnles and regulations of the Blue
Boob as having ceased to be of authority.
air. CUSHING. We are quoting not from the
Blue Book, but from the acts of Congress; and the
amendment goes io the repeal of an existing act,
which gives the President the pardoning power. It
also requires that, when the sentence of a court-
martial extends to suspension only, it shall extend
to deprivation of pay.
Mr. CARUTHERS. We do not say that courts-
martial shall do this act. We do it ourselves.
We say that an offence which is punished by sus-
pension from service, shall also be punished by
suspension from pay. This was the law-making
po wer. From this point every rule and regulation
must emanate, for the government of the navy,
the army, and the private citizen. If this rule or
regulation was a law of the land, Congress had the
power to repeal it; and they must exercise their
discretion whether to repeal it or not. The point
of order raised was, that in an appropriation bill
they could not repeal an existing law; but this
point had been overruled again and again. Mr.
C. then went into a refutation of the argument of
