ü
lié_____________
the gentlemaa from Massachusetts, [Mr. Coshing]
that the amendment was unconstitutional, because
its effect would be to take away from the Pres-
ident the pardoning power.
Mr CU8HING said he did not think that the
gentleman understood that pomt of his argument,
and he wo^ld therefore, with his permission, explain
it. Mr. C. said: The punishment which a court-
martial might inflict is suspension from service;
and ihe court might add diptivaiion of pay. Now,
suppose a court-martial tries an officer, and sen-
tences him to suspension and deprivation of pay,
and the President approves of the first part of the
sentence, but remits the latter. He might think
the deprivation of pay was greater punishment
than the offence deserves, and remits that portion
of the sentence. Now, if the act of Congress
comes in and declares that suspension from service
shall be attended by deprivation of pay, you de-
prive the President of his power to pardon.
Mr. CARÜTHBRS thought he understood the
gentleman. The law now was, that a court-mar-
Ual might suspend an officer from service, and
might al'O deprive him of pay. Whilst that law
was in force, the President had the power to remit
both. Bat suppose, the court-martial did not sus-
pend tht officer's pay. would the amendment then
hare the effect to interfere with the pardoning
power? But Mr. C. denied that the amendment
would interfere with the power in any way.
Had not Congress the right to say that there should
be no sHch punishment inflicted by courts-martial
as suspension from pay, but that lhat punishment
should be inflicted by Congress itself? Would not
Congress have the pawer to say that for certain
offences the punishment should be suspension from
pay?
After replying to the argument of Mr. Wise,
that the amendment would operate as an ex post
Jacto law, and noticing the disproportionate num-
ber of < fficers in the service to the duties to be per-
formed, Mr C said that the whole system required
reform, and re would cheerfully lend his assistance
to effecti!. He would go for appropriations to a
reasonable extent, but no further. We had ships
enough now to protect our commerce, and as we
did not desire to plant colonies, make foreign con-
quests, nor engage in war, he saw no safficient rea-
son for increasing the number.
Mr. SALTONSTALL opposed the amendment,
on the ground lhat it went to change existing laws
in an appropriation bill A subject of this impor-
tance required, in his opinion, more consideration
than could be given to it m a bill of this nature.
Mr. S 'poke of the injurious effects which, he said,
the adoption of the amendment-would have on the
discipline of the navy. Another reason against its
adoption was, that there was already a bill on the
table providing for all ihe necessary rules and re-
gulations for the government of the navy.
Mr. WARREN supported the amendment as
calculated to produce a wholesome reform in the
naval service      His attention had been called lo
the abuses it went to remedy, by a noiice lhat he
saw in ihe Madisoman, of the case of a Lieutenant
Adam1!, who wai tried and convicte 1 by a court-
marii.il, pad ser'enced to be dismissed the service,
for drunkenness on duty, and other offences not men
tioned     The President, not considering the charge
of drunkenness as preved, believed toe sentence to
be too severe, and mitigated it by ordering a sus-
pension from service for two years, and  in this
way he is to receive his full pay    Now, he would
ask, if this ras any punishment for the offence of
which he nad been found guilty?    Bat it was said
that   the  adoption   of the amendment would be
an ex post facto law.     To this he answered, that
the officer had been tried and convicted by a court-
marliil, aid ah Confess would do would be to
say  that the man  wno  has  been  sentenced:  to
retire from  service shall not be paid for doing
noihing.   In the •¡bove case, ke contended that the
officers who composed the court were better judges
of the fffence committed than the President, be-
cause they beard the testimony.   Tms very case
was the ons which called his attention to the abase,
«.«ad showed him the imperious necessity of correct-
ing the evil bv legislation.   He believed that it
•was necessary for the interest and purity of the J
éOKGfeStONÁL GtOBte.   ,
navy; for he could not see any justice m giving
men full pay while under sentence, while others,
who had committed no offence, were under half
pay. Mr W. here offered an amendment to the
amendment, providing that no officer who is under
senterce of suspersion by a court-martial, or un-
der a mitigated sentence by the Pie«ident, shall re-
ceive the pas'and emoluments of his rank.
The CHAIR sa d that the amendment was not
in order, as there already was an amendment to
the amendment pending, offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky on his right, [Mr. Undbrwood ]
After some remarks from Mr. ADAMS, m op-
position to the amendment,
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD, the committee rose,
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridav, May 20, 1842.
The bill to audionze the issue of a patent for the
quarter section of land selected by the inhabitants
of Lake county, Illinois, for their county seat, was
taken up, read a third time, and parsed.
Mr WHITE said there was a bill (No. 246)
for ihe relief of Benjamin Franklin, an old veteran
seaman, which he wished very much the Senate
would consenso take up and pass, without delay,
as the old man had a large family to which he was
anxious to return.
The bill was taken up, read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. MANQUM, in pursuance of notice given a
day or two since, asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill to regulate the apnomtment and pay
of engineers 11 the navy of the United States.
The bill was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Nava' Affairs.
Mr. McROBERTS gave notice that he would
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize the President
of the United Slates to employ the army and navy
of the United S'ates in the suppression of insurrec-
tion in the United States "
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred a bill for the rehef
of Henry Gardiner, and olhers, reported back the
same without amendment
Mr. MANGUM moved the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of excutive busine-s.
Some dissent being expressed, a division was
called for, when there appeared to be 22 ayes, and
the noes were not counted.
So the Senate went into executive session; and,
after several hours spent therein, adjourned over
UlLMonday
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, May 20, 1842
Mr. DODGE of Wisconnn presented the me-
morial of the president and trustees of the village
of Soutbpor', in the Territory of Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for a harbor and
light house at that place, which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr NEWHARD presented*the petition of Ja-
cob Sherer, of he township of Sopth Whitehall, in
the cour-ty of Lehigh, and S'ate of Pennsylvania,
stating that m March last the wife of the petitioner
was delivered of three boys at one birth, ad of
whom anno<v In* ng; iha' his fatm y now consist!
of eight chi'd en, that he is poor, &e Therefore,
he prays Congress to bestow upon him such a do
nation, in lands or money, as they may think him,
unde1- the reculiar circumstances of the case, en-
titled to.
Mr WILLIAMS of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill to au-
thorize the collector of Fairfield to reside either at
Fairfield cr Bndgeport, •fthich was read three times,
and passe i
Mr. PENDLETON submitted a resolution, cal'-
ing upon the Secretary of the Navy to furnish to
the House ■> copy of a letter addressed to the Hon.
M. Fillmore, from the Board of Navy Commis-
sioners, re'cüve to the construction of a steamship
for the lake , and the engine l#r the same, and all
correspondence relative thereto: also, whether bids
had been invited for   the buiktag of the said.
...  „   ..i    in  ••>..... ........■ i ......................i ....->
steamer,   and  copy of instructions   m  relation.
thereto.
Mr CUSHINO objected to its-reception.
Mr. PENDLETON asked for a suspension of
the rules ; and, after a few words fiom Mr. SMITH
of Virginia, the vote was taken, and less than a
quorum voted—(the «torm which was raging hav-
ing delayed the arrival of members )
Mr. MATHIOT a'-ked for a call of the House;
which was assented to.
The Clerk called the roll, and 136 gentlemen
answereo to their names.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON expressed a wish to be per-
mitted to say a word or two in explanation of his
resolution.
Mr. CUSHINGf said he should object to all de-
bate.
The question then recurred on the motion to sus-
pend the rule>, on which
Mr. PENDLETON called for the ayes and noes>
which were ordered, and resulted as follows—ayes
106, noes 46.
So 'he rnl"s were suspended.
Mr PENDLETON then en'ered into a brief ex-
planation, which was very indistinctly heard. He
was however, understood to say that, at the extra
session, an order was given for the construction of
a steamer on the lake*, and that proposals should
be invited for ihe same by public advertisement.
He had been desired to put m proposals on behalf
of some of his constituents; and other citizens
were ready to do the same thing- but, on inquiring
in the proper quarter when ihe advertisement would
appear, he was informed that it had been dispensed
with, and that contracts had been privately entered
into. He deemed'this a matter which required
some inquiry, and hence he had submitted his res-
olution, on which he moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was sustained by the
House; and the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE said he felt it to be his duty to
move that the House po into Committee of the
Whole on the sta'e of the Union, for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of the navy appropria-
tion bill, but, if the House should think otherwise,
he would inquire whether, if the pnva'e calendar
was taken up, this was the day on which private
bills were debatable.
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. FILLMORE then said he should submit his
motion to go into commutes oi the appropriation
bill, and leave it for the decision of the House.
Mr COWEN said it was a mattei of weighty
consideration whetaer the private bills should only
be considered on those day3 on which no debate
was avowed, as it put it m the power of any individ-
ual captiously to put any bill aside. He hoped
the House would pn ceed to the orders of the day.
Mr ARNOLD remarked that, unless they took
op the private calendar soon, they had better post-
pone it altogether.
The SPEAKER reqv.es'ed pe m>ssion to pre-
sent to tnc House a letter from Messrs. Lawrence
and S'one, of Boston, m relation to what they
consider a reflection on their conduct, m the recent
debate on the sub] C of she Bos'on custom-honse.
And also a letter from Mr Pomdexter, soliciting
the appointment of a select comm ttee to inquire
into the fairness with which, in his report, he had
analyzed the evidence m relation to the New York
custom-house
On the question to lay this la'ter document on
the table, and that ii be punted,
Mr BOWNE moved to lay that motion on the
table
After a b- pf discus ion between Messrs J. a.
ADAMS, SALTONSTALL, the SPEAKER,
BOWNE, ROOSEVELT, GUSHING, MOORE,
G. DAVIS, and HOWARD the motion to lay on
the table was carried—a>es 105, no s 59.
The House then (ayes 80, n >es 65) resolved it-
self m o Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. ARNOLD, who was entitled to ths floor,
I   observed that his sole object in desiring to obtain
