bardens on the people, unless it was called for by
pressipg exigencies of the country When the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Coshing] yes-
terday addressed the committee, he (Mr McClbl-
Lán) listened to him with great attention, for he
viewed that gentleman as a prime minister in the
present Administration, and considered him as
speaking from authority As that gentleman pro
cesded, his (Mr. McClellan's) heart began to pal-
pitate, for he expected he would point to reviving
commerce, and to oar sails whitening every sea;
but he had met with nothing but disappointmen .
He could see nothing, then, to justify this increase
of three millions of dollars- nothing in relation to
the protection of our commerce: nothing in view
of hostilities with foreign powers, for that there
was no prospect of a war, was conceded by uni-
versal consent.
He, (Mr. McClellak,) though opposed to this
increase for this branch ot the public service, pro-
fessed to be a friend to the navy: be partook, with
others, in the pride and glory of its vast achieve-
ments; and he would agree to its gradual increase,
and to additions to its efficiency; but he was not
willing to follow the head of the Navy Department
in his proposmon to lacrease the navy until it was
equal to half the navy of Great Britain, with an
expenditure of $30,000,000 Did that gentleman
believe that the American people would absent to
such a drain on their enterprise and wealth? If he
did, he was much mistaken. He (Mr McG ) was
alarmed when he read that protocol of blank verse,
and he submitted this amendment as a test ques-
tion, as he believed it would be deemed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. FILLMORE was opposed to this amend-
ment, in the first place, because he believed it pro-
posed to change the organic law of the navy , but
the best mode to get on with the business was to
vote upon the amendments rattier than to raise a
question of order He next objee cd to it on the
ground of its ambigui y. But if it became neces-
sary, after the adjournment of Congress to put all
our vessels into commission, (as there were now
not as many officers as ships,) would this be a prop-
er law to be on the statute book ? He opposed
the amendment on these, and aho on other grounds,
which he enumerated.
Mr EVERETT supported the amendment He
hoped it would be now adopted, and restrictive
measures, such as might be found necessary, he
hoped to see passed hereafter. He was of opinion
that the exigencies of the times did not requne any
increase in the naval force ; and he complained
thatthe number of officers had been so unnecessa-
rily increased during the past year He, however,
suggested some modification of the amendment,
and, as a substitute for a portion of it, he proposed
the following:
Strike out all after the word "proviled and insert, ' that
no part of this appropriation shall be applied for pay of any of
ficer of the grade of captain, cominandei, lieu enant pas, ed
midshipman, or midshipman heieafttr appointed, if the num
ber in service of Ills respective grade shall exceed the number m
service on the lstday of Januaiy 1841 '
He did not propose to touch surgeons, pursers,
chaplains, or any other than the fighting part of
the navy, and he hoped hi¡> amendment woald be
adopted in committee, so that they could have botu
propositions before them when they got the bill
back into the House.
Mr. PROFFIT entered into sorae explanations
of his speech on a previous, day, in reply to some
comments upon it since it was delivered.
Some explana*ions were also entered into bv Mr.
FILLMORE, Mr McKAV, and Mr EVERETT
Mr. CUSH1NG observed lhat the committee
had agreed to strike oat a part of ,he appicpnation,
on the motion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr
Mebiwether ] afier five months of the year had
elapsed, which was in effect, to deprive the navy
of that amount after five-twe'fihs of the service
for it had been rendered He then entered into a
long justification of Mr Badger, the late Secietary
of the Navy—amongst other things, in reply to
Mr. McKay, who censured him for employing a
razee, when the law only authorized him to em
ploy a frigate, as a pait ot the home squadron
Mr J. C. CLARK requested him to give way
for a motion to rise, a few minutes before 4 o'clock,
- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I    which was a^enl^d to, and the eomrmuee rose and
reported prcgre s, an J, "fter receiving some Execu-
tive communication^ and some reports irom com-
mittees,
The House adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Ma) 21, 1842.
Mr. HARRIS presen e>d thep-tuion o'El zabeth
Clarke, prayirg for a persion referred to the Com
mitlee on RevoluUorar, Pensions.
Mr. H also presented the petition of Mary
Long, and the evidence m sap ort of it refened
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
Mr. S J. ANDREWS, f.em the Committee on
Commerce, reported several bill  , wnich were read
iwice, and coirmittcd to the Committee of the
Whole on the sta e of the Union, v¡?
A bid making an appropriation fsr the sue of a
marine hospital
A bill creating a collection d.stnct in the State
of Illinois.
A bill making a port of entry at Chicago, and
at Marietta
Mr WILLIAMS of Crnnecticut reported the
folljwmg bill-,, from the Committee of Commerce ,
which were uad twice, ani committed to tne
Committee of tne Whole on the state of the Union,
viz:
A bill for theie' cf of I-aac Cnamphn and oth-
ers, owners of schooner Buffalo
A b 1 for the relief (f Joseph Holmes, and the
owners and crew oi the schooner Industry.
A bill for the reí <.f cf Charle  Gordon, owner oí
the schooner Two Sen .
A bill for ihe relief of O riu Prentice, and the
crew of the -,chrorer L ly.
Mr. J C CLARK from tne Comm t ee on
Commerce, reported a bi'l repprop iatirg money
for the erectioi of a light-bouse at FHnn't, Knoll,
New York, on iron sciew pues, and for *he re-
building ot the Brand) viua Snoal liga -house, in
Delaware bay
Mr. TALIAFERRO óbrete J to th s partial re-
porting of bills
Mr FILLMORE "aid, if the making of reports
was objec ed to, he wouid move lo go in'o Com-
mittee of the Ws.ole en the «¡ ate of the Un on
Mr. J C CL&RK submit'sd the foll"wng res-
olution, in connex on vjth the above u<enfioncd
bill
IZesohed That ti e baw i «s of ti e no-i foi upe light
hou&e accompanvn^ the annex ten itbf[ net m]p the
dnectionof the cotnn uie provided tne expei=e shall not ex
ceed $75
Mr. CAVE J0BN3ON objee'ed, but ultimate-
ly witndre í bis o j^cticn.
Ard the bill wao read Uv ce, and committed to
the Commn ee of the Whol on th" state of the
Union,  and the resolution was agreec to
Mr  COWEIX c? l<-i for  h  ox fers of th? car.
Mr FILLMORE s il there Vs bit on cUy
lcit to disco cth i -iv ! <ptwo i-t^j n lull, nrd be
moved, the e >r , t <at th^ jjouse resolví, itodt irto
aCoramiuee of Ue While upm if
Mi COWEN siogf ii lit t ue y «re many
bi's on the caleidar vni"ii i 1 be a ac "i vpt n
in cormm"fe, an 1 won * u e °si i rnr
utes to Qi pc e it edi n * i °u su li > tVj
could go to the Set., t t > - d i t, r  there
There tiasraw i I "it . if i'iijh rice3
by this nee'e t to t isij^c o ¡1 s c sS of u «-, ar I
if it was intei'td to «ct i >i he- i ' « t ftas
necessan to t \ he , i p n , "i, 'i •■ late
period of the =Cos o, i c^ i i eoUd >o possi-
bly D" sp„«- d       a r>i
Th  SPEAKS a x i o>-*n d t " -e . .cm* n, fron
Ohofvir C sj ¡at if ue tlr <s * °t dowi
tnemu.onof c g°i U t i * n N Y i-k, [Wr
Fillmore] Ue t.v.te  trie tar^ail betaken
Up
Mr "uOORS of L u 'nc leu fit iheatcs
ard a e on if e mot n u ro n o oc-ra t e-> ¡> ^',
beiig orde"tc, the motion \ ts ag eed o> -ia)o 82,
nces 69
The Hou'e then resolved itself in*o a Committee
of the Whole, (Mr Clif*- rd m U,e $hair,) and
resumed the ronsideratioa of the ntvaf appropna
tion. bill; the pending amendment being on the first
-------—«■■<«t taM.wj n^N ii^J.«^J,i.^^M,iiuaW ii.i.aiil>.......   'i ■ .i i   i-        _______*
section, to which Mr. McClillan bad moved to
add the following proviso:
"Provided, That, till otherwise ordered by Congress, no part
of tos or any future or existing appropriation shall be applied
to the payment of any officer in the navy appointed after this
date, beyond the number in each giade on the 1st day of Jana-
ary 1841, and that the excess now in the service beyond that;
number shall be reduced as fast as deaths resignations, and
promotions wilt permit"
And which amendment Mr. Everett had moveá
to amend as follows:
Strike out all after the word "provided," and insert, "that no
part of this appropriation ^hatl be applied for pay of any officer
of the grade of captain commander, lieutenant, passed midship,
man, or midshipman, hereafter appomied if the number In
sen ice of his respective grade shall exceed the number in ser-
vice on the 1st day of Tanuary 1841 '
Mr. GUSHING observed that, when the com-
mittee rose last evemng, he was about replying to
that portion of the argument of the gentleman from
North Carolina that appertained to the alleged ex-
cess m the number of persons in the navy beyond
what the law author zed the department to employ.
In meeting that objection, he desired, in the first
place, to suggest to the committee that, under the
act of 1806, now in iforce, the authority of the
President was as follows-   He is authonzsd to
keep in employment so many frigates and other
public armed  \ essels, and to employ m them so
many officers and men, as in his opinion the exigen-
cies of the service may render necessary.   Now, if
there was any limitation to this law, it was only a
constructive and implied limitation in the appro-
priations, founded on  the estimates placed before
Congress    That i<   he understood the gentleman
from North Carolina  as arguing that the number
and grade of the vessels and the number of officers
estimated for in  1841,  was  the limita'ion of the
President for 1842     Assuming, for the «ake of ar-
gument, that the position of the gentleman was cor-
rect, he thought he could show him that there ware
facts that would impair the truth of hts assertions
thatthe Srcre'ary oí  the Navv had exceeded his
authority in tne case referred to.    He did not
know but that it  would be better if we adopt-
ed the piactice m the Bntis-h House of Commons,
in makirg temporary app'opnations for Ihe navy
in the  beginning cf thp year, and  then provi-
ding for the whole service at the end of the year,
when the amount of service should be ascertain-
ed.     It wou d be utterly impossible for the Sec-
retary of the Navy to know, in the beginning
of the year, how many men would be required
at any particular time of the year    If Congress
would force on the Navy Department an exact es-
timate for the service of the year, it must be done
at the end of the year, and not at the beginning of
it      The gentleman did not consider the nature of
the service     How was it possible for the dtpart-
ment to tell how many men would be required at
any particular time of the year?   Ships on foreign
stations must come home, after two or three years'
service, when Ihe term of Ihe  enhs meat of their
crews shill expire; and, a'so, becausi it would be
cruel and u-ijust to th"  cfr>eis to krep them al-
vay= aoroad, -snl ships with new crews must be
s-^nt out 'o relieve them     Now, it would not do to
bring the e sb¡ps home beiore the ships that are to
rt' eve thetx reach their cruising grounns, and,
con   qu°nt y, there must necessarily be at one
time a doub'e numb r of ships and a double num-
lf or crews    Apply this system to a fact that
i 11 «oo.i occur.   Tne Brandy wire, the St Louis,
tiie Potomac, and the Manon, with cews amount-
ing to 1,200 i,ien, nitl soon come home, and this
numoer of men will be discharged snd deducted
Irom ihe i umber no^ m service    Then, if on the
1st of Jinyn, a¡> alleged b/ the geni'eman from
Nor h Ca olna,   ne'e was an excess of 600 men
in the serwe, ticre Mould be, deduci ng thu, num-
ber, a efficiency of 600 on the 1st oí July.    The
recess y &f bese flucluo, ions in the service must
oe ap >aien', and it was a suffic ent answer to the
sigi reem o   the gentleman from North Carolina.
II, as had been allege1, thee were employed more
< flicers than were necessary to command he ships
m tbe navy, it was  because it wa> necessary to
have a snihcient number of ofPeers alwa"   ready
to reheve those returning home fiorn foreign sta-
tion'
The gentleman from North Carolina bad, on this
subject, teferred them to the English service. Now,
