¿
jü'luffo' m................   '......■       '   '           '                         ■
Slf. ADAMS (Suggested that he had an amend-
ment which he wished to offer, provided the bill
could be postponed till to-morrow. He questioned
the propriety of appointing a board of officers to
amend a code which has existed ever since we had
a navy, and which we borrowed from the British.
He thought it would be better to call on the Secre-
tary of the Navy himself to report to the next ses
sion of Congress a set oí rules «nd regulations for
the government of the navy, which he couid pre-
pare with the assistance of officers and other per-
sons qualified to advise him.
Mr. WISE agreed with the gentleman that the
Secretary was the most proper person to prepare
the code; and if the gentleman would offer an
amendment ts that effect, the vote could be taken
on it at once.
Mr. ADAMS wished to have till to-morrow to
prepare-his amendment; ana expressed a wish that
the bill be postponed till then.
Mr. WISE having absented to the proposition—
On motion of idr FILLMORE, the b'll was laid
aside, and the bill making appropriations for the
support of the army for the year 1849, was taken
up and read through; when,
On motion of Mr MERIWETHER, the com.
mittee rose and reported progress.
Mr. GILMER, from the Committee on Re-
trenchment, made a report on ths subject of the re-
organization of the Executive Departments, which
was lwd on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WISE here observed that he was now ready
"with a joint resolution on the subject of a code for
the regulation of the navy. He had submitied it
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Adams,] and it met with his concurrence. He
hoped that it would now be read and acted on.
No objection being made, the resolution was
read It provided that the Secretary of the Navy
and the Attorney General shall prepare and sub-
mit to Congress, at the mil session, a code of rules
and regulations for the government of the navy,
which shall be in force when adopted by Congress
Mr. ADAMS suggested to Mr. Wise to mike it
a separate, instead of a joint resolution, which was
assented to; and the resolution, thus modified, wa¿>
passed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, May 24,1842
A message was received iro>a the House of Rep
resentalives, by iheir Clerk, accompanied  by the
bill making appropria'ions for the support of (he
navy for the year 1842
On motion of Mr. EVANS, ihe bill was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance
Mr. SEVIER presented a memorial from the
heirs of Joseph Wheaton, decayed, late an offieer
in the levoluuonary war, prajmg to be allowed ihe
amount of his pension retained in the Treasury
under the operation of the act of May 1, 1820,
which was read, and referred to the Cimmittee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HUNTINGION, from the Committee on
Commeice, to which had been referred the bill from
the House authorizing the collector of the district
of Fairfield to reside in the town of Fairfield or
Bridgeport, in Connecticut, reported the same back
wiibuut amendment. The bill was ihen read the
sccocd and third titnes, and passed.
Mr. BAYARD said he thought it proper that the
committee created at the last «e-.siun, 'o inquire into
the propriety of appointing a corps of reporters ior
the Senate, should be revived. It had been sug
gested to him by several that this matter should be
acted upon. He at the last session made a report
on Ihe subject, auihonz>ng the appointment of a
corps of reporters, which was not acted upon. His
object in n i g now was to ¡>ubmit a mot,on to re-
vive that committee to take the subject mto con-
sideration.
The CHAIR (Mt. Smith of Indiana) suggested
to the Senator frorr< Delaware [Mr. Bayard] the
propriety of reducing his proposition to writing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the imposi-
tion of such a tariff of duties on foreign merchan- „
4tee as will afford adequate revenue, and, at the j j
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
same time, give protection to American industry:
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. PORTERpresented a similar memorial, from
Madison county, New York, which was referred to
the same committee.
Mr. DERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office aad Post Roads, reported a bill to pro- •'
vide for the permanent employment in the Post
Office Departmeat of certain clerks heretofore, for
several years, temporarily employed m that de-
partment.
Mr. M. said the committee were induced to re-
port thr  bill, on the reception of a communication
urging it from the Postmas'er General. These
cleiks had been heretofore provided for only by
annual appropriations, and were not authorized by
any permanent law. Their services are indispen-
sable to the depai tment. The House ef Represent-
atives have thought proper to sir !.e fiom ihe ap-
propriation bill <he provision for the payment of
thess temporary cierk«, because they were not au-
thorized by law. It therefore becomes necessary
that a law shall be passed making them permanent,
to enable them to be paid for their servces.
The bill was then read, and ordered to a second
reading, and the communication of (he Postmaster
General, and the bill, v ere ordered to be printed.
The resolution of Mr. Mereuck, defining what
commumcatior<' and papers, «hica from ume to
time might be transmuted from the departments to
the Senate and its committees, rhall be considered
confidential; and the substitute proposed by Mr.
McRoberts, requiring the transact!'n of executive
business with open doors, came up in their order—
the Utter Senator being entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUCHANAN, understanding that the dis-
cussion on the above subject would be prolonged it
day or two, and impressed with the imperative ne-
cessity of speedy action on the apportionmsot bill,
suggested, if it would meet wi'h the concurrence ol
the chairman of the Judie ary Committee, the pro-
priety of tak ng up that bill.
Mr. McROB6.RT3, who was entitled to tb.3 floor,
acquiesced in the sus^estion     Then—
On m< tion of Mi. BUCHANAN, 'he previous
orders of ihe day were postponed, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration, a^ m committee of
the whole, of the                                   \
APPORTIONMENT BILL.!
The questions immediately pending ¡were the
amendments pnrposed by ibn Jnd ciarj Committee,
striking out the ratio oí 50,179, adopted by ihe
House of Repiesen'atives, and subs'itutng 50 000
as the ratm, and a provisun to represent fractions,
by giving an additional Repreiemat.ve to such
S'ates wnose fraction exceeded a moiety of ihe
ratio of 50,000, and the e m<*ndment striking out
thit portion ot ihe bill m'kirg it oh ig tory on Ue
State  to adopt the district sys'^ni cf representa-
tion, ea^h district to be compooea of eontiguoas
territory, and to return but ono Representative;
and substituting a provsioa, leaving it optional
with the States to adopt eithtr ihe district or gen-
eral-ticket system, but retaining that portion le-
quinng that the districts shall be of contiguous ter-
ritory, sending one Representative, if the d'stnet
system should be preferred.
Mr. BERRIEN explained the views of the Ju-
diciary Committee, with regard to the amendments
submitted to the Senate.
As far as his own opinion was concerned, he was
in favoi or a much high r ratio than that adopted
by the Hou e of Representatives. Bar, m com-
mittee, he had been influenced, by vanous consider-
ations, not to depart from the original bill m that
respect, except with regard to the fractions not
represented, wh ch he felt disposed to reduce as low
as possible
There were five contiguous cotion-groning States,
which, accordm™ io the original bill, won'd have a
priporfon of unrepresented tiacuons, amounting
toneaii> 20Q,0G0 Tríese were the States of Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Tennessee. The aggregate of the w^ole Union
(speaking  n round numbers) would be 600,000 not
represented, of which one-third would fall upon
the five cotton-growing Stales. Their proportion,
according to population, should not exceed 61,000.
The committee had siso ascerlamed that these
fractions bore heavily and unequally upon the
slaveholdmg States. They discovered that, by
adopting the ratio of 50 000 as£a general ratio for
representation with regard to the aggregate popu-
lation of each State, and an approximate ratio for
fractional remainders, the aggregate of the whole
Union unrepresented, instead of being 600,000,
would be reduced to 200,000; and, in effecting this,
they conceived ihcy were carrying out Ihe intention
of the Constitution.
The amendment to the second section of the bill
was in reference to the election of Representatives
by districts in the States. The committee, without
deciding on the power granted to Congress by the
Constitution, did not consider the occasion had ar-
rived when that power, if it eaisted, could with
propriety be exercised. They had therefore rec-
ommended an amendment, by which it would be
optional with the States whether they should have
the general-ticket system or the district system, and
only requiring, in Cd-e any S'ate shall have laws
in force for election by districts, such districts
shall be composed of contiguous territory, and each
shall contain a representative population equal to
the number which, by the existing ratio, shall be
required for one member, as nearly as may be; and
no one district electing more than one member.
If he, personally, entertained any opinion ad-
verse to the principle of ihe general-t'cket system,
he would be controlled by the universal sentiment
m its favor, prevailing throughout his own State.
Mr. WALKER watt quite sure the Hou>>e of
Representatives, vvould never have adopted the bill
in the form in which it had been sent to the Senate,
if it had reflected upon ihe injustice—the iniquitous
injustice—which it would inflict upon the weakest
portion of the Union. It gives to the whole Union
306 members—187 to Ihe free States, and 119 to
the slaveholdmg States. The slave States have
consequently very little over one-third of the Rep-
resentatives. But such is not their proportion of
unrepresented frac ions. The aggregate of un-
represen'ed fractions for the wnole Union is be-
tween 500,000 and 600,000; but, of these, 304,000
fall upon the slaveholdmg States: thus, with a
representation of on«-third, they are asked to bear
the burden of three-fifths of the unrepresented
fractions. There never was a proposition of grosser
injustice than thi . The fractions allotted to the
slave States, which have but a third of the repre-
«en a'ion, amount to 304 000: Ihe fractions allot-
ted to the free States, with two-thirds of the repre-
sentation, amount to 249,000 only. But Ihe injus-
tice was still more glaring when the allotment to the
four cotton growing Sta'es—Alabama, Louisiana,
Miss "sippi, and Arkansas—was considered. These
four States are assigned 20 Repiesen'atives—one-
fifieenth part of tue Federal representation. Yet,
with but a fifteenth of the representation, they
have lo bear one-third of the burden of unrepre-
sented fractions. According to their federal repre-
sentation, their proportion of the unrepresented
fractions should not have exceeded 36,000, instead
of that, they are allotted four or five times that
number.
The member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ever.
ktt,] if it had been his intention to adopt a ratio
which would leave the greatest fraction to Mississip-
pi, could not have taken a more successful course
than va selecting that of 50,179, which actually
leaves such a fraction to Mississippi as requires
but an addition of 406 to give it a title to another
Representative. Thus, while other States have a
Representative for 50,000, she is denied one be-
cause she falls short of that ratio by only 406.
Mr. W. entered into various particulars to show
the injustice which had always been done to the
Southern States in apportionment of representa-
tion—'he largest fractions being uniformly thrown
on them.
He had made a calculation, based upon the
present late of increase m the population of Mis-
sissippi, from which he deduced that in 1843 when
this apportionment bill comes into operation ithat
State, even at the rano of 50,000, would be entitled
to two additional members.
He next argued the question of the constitution-
ality of the proposition of the committee, to make
an approximate ratio for the representation of a
