CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
SATURDAY, MAY 28,  1842.
Volume ]!•••• No. 34.
Continued from No. 33.
pared, on the instant, and without a moment's con-
sideration, to sweep away the institutions of the
country, and without making any provision for the
manner in which it shall be done? Had the West-
ern gentlemen looked to the effect of this amend-
ment—striking out of existence, at one blow, the
regiments of dragoons which were raised for the
proiection of their frontiers from the Indians? But
he would not argue that question. It appeared to
him that a proposition so crude, so inconsiderate,
and yet so tearful in its consequences, would not-
pass without some consideration. He regretted
what had been done in reference to ¡he navy; though
he had no doubt that those who voted for it bad
good reason for what they did. With the army,
however, the case was different. There was no
limitation, by law, as to the number of persons
the President is authorized to employ in the navy;
and the House, by its late vote, wished to express
its disapprobation of any increase of it. Bat in
the army, the number was fixed by law; and it
could not be reduced by the amendment, without
repealing existing laws. It was important, too, to
consider how the reduction was to be made. Whs
was authorized to do it? Who were to be disband-
ed? The amendment did not specify in what man-
ner the reduction was to be carried into effect.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON observed that he
should vote against the amendment because he
thought the time was inauspicious for the measuie
it proposed. Mr. J. referred t© the uncertainly of the
state of the negotiations with Ensland, and to the
number of discontented Indians thrown upon the
Western frontiers, as furnishing reasons why they
should not now strike out of existence at least one-
half of the army. Tlvs was a grave and impor-
tant propoaition, and should have come from as
high a source as one of ihe committees of the
House or the War Departmeni: bat, instead of
that, it was the sudden unsupported movement of
a solitary member, made without considewt'on, and
without notice, and without any p'an being pro-
posed to carry it into effect.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS said that he should not
have risen, but for the remark of the gentleman
from New York [ Mr. Ward]   (hat the army was
increased on the  application of the people of the
West.    He was in the House at the time, and re-
membered that that increase was made in coEse-
quence of troubles on the Canadian border, and
not for ths purpose of quieting any alarms of the
Western people as to the Indians on their borders.
The Cherokees and Choctaw?,  who were located
immediately on the borders  of Missouri and Ar-
kansas, were highly civilized;  and there was as
much danger of Governor Dorr,  of Rhode Island,
making war on the United Slates, as of any aggres-
sion from them; and, moreover, they were amply
sufficient  to   keep off the wild Indians who were
settledibeyond them.    Mr. W. then gave it as his
opinion   tha', in the present financial embarrass-
ments of the country, which he referred to at large,
the reduction proposed by his colleague ought to be
made.     It was well known that, in the eatly part
of the year, the cry of retrenchment and reform
rung from one end of the country to the other, and
the Whig patty were especially bound to carry it
out.   He thought the army and navy were fit sub-
jects for the application of the principle of retrench-
ment; and that even if we had a war with England,
an army of 12,000 men would not be of much ac-
count.    In such an eveut, it would be necessary to
provide for the increass of the army on a larger
scale.
Mr. REYNOLDS, after some remarks on the
course which the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means desired the committee to pursue
in tbs disposal of this bill, and, also, on the recent
reduction in the navy appropriation bill, which he
had believed he was assisting to reduce by his vo'e
to the siandard of 1841, but which he found, on the
information of a friend, was still a million and a
half more than it was at that period, proceeded to
contend f.r a like reduction of the army. There
had been a great outcry about war, and a war
could only come in which this country would be
brought in conflict wiih Great Britain, the most
powerful nation on the earth; and, if so, six
thousand men would be but as a flea-bite in
such a contest, and they would be obliged
to resort to the militia, the bone and sinew of the
nation, which would defend its honor and its prop-
erty on all occasions, as well as the regular army.
In the Indian hostilities, the infantry were not
sufficiently fleet of foot to overtake their savage foe;
and hence, in the redaction  which he advocated,
he exempted the regiments of dragoons, which
were capable, in that service, of rendering such es-
sential aid. However, as ths executive documents
informed them that the Florid* war was at an end,
there could be no necessity urged on that ground
for the maintenance of so large an army as now
existed; and as, in the event of a foreign war, the
militia must be resorted to, there was an additional
argument against so large a standing army in time
of peace; and, therefore, he should vote for tbe
amendment.
Mr. BLACK said, coming as he did from the
State oi Georgia, nearest to the Florida line, he
felt a little interest in this—perhaps a little more
interest than he shouldfeel in any other subject. He
was the last man there to detract from the honor
and glory of trie army of the United States, whether
of its officers or the men in its ranks ; but there
were h'gber considerations than a disposition to ac-
cord honor and glory to the army to govern his vo'e;
and he should vots for the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cave Johnson] as
amended by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams ] if they could show him that it could
tie practically carried out. If those gentlemen
failed in tsakins that showing, he would tarn to
the proposition of a colleague from Georgia which
would be hereafter offered. The gentleman from
Tennessee proposed to reduce the army to the
standard of 1831, but the quomodo of the reduction
was not sot forth. Now as he (Mr. B.) was pre-
pared to vote for a wise and judicious reduction of
the army, he asked the gentleman from Tennessee
how il was to be made,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON explained, but he was
inaudible at the reporter's desk. H« was under-
stood to state, however, that the reduciion could be
made on the termination of the period of enlistment
of several regiments, which was near at hand.
Mr. BLACK said, with that explanation, he
was prepared to go for the amendment of the gen-
tleman (rom Tennessee, as amended by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. He believed the army
ought to be reduced; and his only difficulty had
been, how it was to be done; but, with that shown,
he would go for it.
He did not forget the votes he gave yesterday,
and the day before, for the reduction of the navy.
He was a seaboard man, and he repre.'enied a sea-
board coii is try: he was a navy man, and went for
the navy in preference to the army of the united
Sates, for he believed the best army the country
could have was the'mtliti?; but, though he was
a navy man—and he was so because it was
his interest to be so—he was bound o voie
with 'he Democracy yesterday and the day before,
on the navy appropriation .bill; and he did so be-
cause he acted under a sense of urgent necessity.
He knew and saw the condition of the country; he
knew that the dominant party had been forced to
pass a bill to borrow $ 17 000,000, if they could
push their credit so far. He knew that was a debt
against the people of the country, and the people
that he represented. He knew, also, lhat they had
squandered all the public domain; and he knew
not only that it was wrong, but that if it was ever
to be recalled, it would not be by the party which
passed the distribution bill. And all these circum-
stances made so urgent a necessity, lhat he was
I compelled to vote for the reduciion of the navy,
I though the reduction was against the interests of
that section of country which he represented oa that
floor.
Look at the quarter whence war was feared.
What nation would fight us but Great Britain?
Would they go to war with Russia, or with Aus-
tria, or with their ancient ally, France? No; the •
áanger was not irom that quarter. If they wete
forced into a collision, it would be with Great
Britain. And how could that nation make war oa
this country, powerful a-s she is? Why, before they
could send their dragoons from the West to tha
seaports of Savannah and Chaileston, or to New
York or Boston, the British navy, with iu war
steamers, would be down upon our cities, which
would be taken by force or storm; and the rail-
roads, on which we nocv depended to transport our
army, would be in the hands of ths enemy; and in-
stead of transporting our soldiers, they would be
transporting British troops, and scattering them
into the interior of the country. Bat they had
hoard much of their army; and Georgia had expe-
rience, and had acquired some knowledge of it too.
Georgia lay exposed on its southern border to
the Territory of Florida, and on its southern
line there was one of the most extensive swamps
and quagmires of the Union—a very hotbed for
the marauding Indians. They had three compa-
nies of United States soldiers stationed on that line;
and not more than a month since he had a paper,
with the sworn testimony of at least three hundred
honest and honorable men, by which to show to
the House tha! these United Stales soldiers, instead
of protecting the people of Georgia from the ma-
rauding Indians, had marauded on the property of
the people of Georgia themselves. He bad those
papers here, and he sent them to the desk, but he
was not permitted by the majority in that House to
read the sworn complaints of the people he repre-
sented, though he sat with their commi3s:on there,
to represent their rights and their interests. He
was called to order when he was about to show
that their raueh vaunted army, instead of protect-
ing, had been the men to invade them. Hespoka
nothing of this of hts own knowledge, for he was
not there, and knew nothing of it; but he knew the
men who testified to the facts, and he knew they
were honorable men, and that they would not
state a falsehood nor pervert the.truth. And
what would this testimony have disclosed, if he had
been permitted to lay it before the House? One
fact which would have been established was, that
the soldiers killed one man in the State of Georgia;
that they met another wiih his goods and chattels,
beat him almost to death, and took his property
without authority of law. This was the army of
the United States, and here was the Congress of the
Uni'ed States; and he, a member of lhat House,
while he was offering to prove these things, was
called to order, because, forsooth, gentlemen were
so extremely anxious to preserve the order of
business.
Mr. WARD rose and remarked that the gentle-
man from Georgia was making very serious
charges a°ainst the army of the Uni-ed Slates; and
he wished to ask him if these things had been done
by privates of the United States army, or by m n
under command or in the presence of their of-
ficers.
Mr. BLACK said the inquiry was a very natural
one, and it was one which he had expected every
member on that floor would rise and ask when he
first presented these complaints to the House ; but,
instead of lhat information being called for, he-was
not permitted even to make the statement, so excetd-
ingly anxious were gentlemen for the preservation
of order. For the information, then, of the. gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.] he would
state—and all his information was derived from ths
papers which he had wished to put in po^ s<ion of
the House—that there were three companies sta-
tioned adjoining ths line which divided the Terri-
tory of Florida from the southern border of Geor-
gia. Those companies had communication wrh.
each other, and, in their intercommunication with.
