CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.                                     m
in a state of excitement; and for this act, although I
convicted in the court of Georgia, a skin, was to be !
thrown upon the military character of the country.
Mr. WARREN stated that two persens had
bsen tried and convicted of the offence; one ef
marder m the first, and the other in the second de-
gree. The judge, however, had entertained a mo-
tion for a new trial.
Mr GRANGER said, if the laws of Georgia
had had their course uninterruptedly, in the name of
justice there was no ground whatever for the
charge made, and the gentleman------
Mr. BLACK was aboat to address the commit-
tee, when
Mr. GRANGER said he would not give way.
Mr. BLACK did not ask him to give way. He
submitted it to the Chair, whether it was not m or-
der for him to put a man right who was misrepre-
senting him?
The CHAIR said not wi hout the leave of the
gentleman addressing the committee.
Mr. BLACK. I say the assertion that I aspersed
the army is without foundation.
Mr GRANGER said he was not at all disturb-
ed. He was willing to let the House pass upon
his conduct He could not, however, «it there and
silently hear imputations cast on ,the character of
the army. Inasmuca as one of the soldiers charged
with murder had been convicted, and another ac-
quitted, all he had to say was, that th  laws of
Georgia had takt>n their course. They had be*>n
avenged, and the gentleman stiould be content.
He therefore hoped to hear nothing more said about
the Georgia murder, and no more propositions to
raise a company of Georgia militia.
He regretted the vote by which the appropriation
for the navy had been cut down The country
was rapidly advancing in prosperity and honor—
already having ncrea*ed from three to seventeen
millions It really seemed to him that we were
statting back at shadow , and were afraid to mret
the expenditure necessary to sustain a navy. He
should not speak of our foreign difficulties, for he
was net an alarm st Yet he sometimes saw some
very warlike articles m the newspaper* published
in this city. We were in danger from savage ag-
gressions upon our frontiers The Indians where
they had been removed, instead of spreading over
the country, and eigsging m thsir favorite amuse-
ments of hunting and fishing, had clustered in vi1-
lages, and lived on the annuities allowed by the
Government until they were exhausted, when they
resorted to plunder. What was the proposition
before the committee i To bring down tne army to
the standard of 1821. Such a course would cut off
its best force—the dragoons—who were worth triple
any other in our savage warfare. He was pre-
pared to sustain the army as at present organized ;
he believed it not too large But if it was to be re-
duced, he wished it done on a matured plan, re-
taining such portions of the infantry, artillery, or
dragoons, as were necessary The institutions of
the country had to be preserved. Tne people de-
manded that they should be adequately protected.
Gentlemen might go on cutting down the navy and
the army, in hope of not having to raise more íeve-
nue; but it would be useless to endeavor to blink
the question of a tariff. It must come, and he
did sot wish it to be said that the at my and navy
of the United States had been crippled because
Congress had not the courage to meet the que^ion
boldly.
Mr. BLACK then obtained the floor, and re-
capitulated th® c rcumstinces of the murder which
was committed in Georgia He seized the occa^u n
to lay the facts before the House, because he be-
lieved it to be a duty he owed to his constituents.
The gentleman was not acquainted wuh the cir-
cumstances oí Florida or Georgia. It was too far
South for him to unders.and them
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Granger]
seemed disposed to bs facetious at his expense. He
could inform that gentleman that he was no sol-
dier, and had never been in the ranks. Hib constit-
uents, however, were soldiers, and as brave as
any in New York, and more able to corclude
the Florida war. He had the acknowledgment of
the gentleman that, if appointed, hr would conclude
the war.    The gentleman agreed that he was ca«
pable (Mr. G. nodded assent,) and could not deny it
hereafter. Now, contendsd Mr. B , I am sorry I
cannot give the gentleman a counter-certificate of
his soldiership. I do not thmk him capable of
concluding that war. He is infinitely better suited
for cutting off the heads of Democratic postmas-
ters, mail-contractors, and stage-drivers, than for
cutting off the heads of Seminole warriors, what-
ever might be the ability with which he might
operate on the squaws. He has manifested a pe-
culiar proficiency in cutting off the heads of Dem-
ocratic officers, and can, no doubt, cut off twenty
where he would kill one Seminole warrior.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana said the effect of
the amendment under discussion would be to place
the army on the footing on which it stood in 1821,
  hen it had four regiments of artillery and seven
of infantry. In 1833, one regiment of dragoons
was added; in 1836 another regiment of dragoons,
and inl833 a regiment of infantry. The adoption
of the amendment would not only cut off ihe dra-
goons, but also the additional regiment of infantry.
Mr T commented on the impolicy of abolishing
the dragoons, who were so necessary to the defence
of our frontiers. He begged gentlemen to investi-
gate the subject, and not resolve to save a few dol-
lars at the expense of the glory and renown of the
country.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee supported the
amendment He would state, as an excuse
for his colleague [Mr Cave Johnson] who had
offered it, that it had been always impossible to
carry any measme of reform unless by attaching it
toan appropr ation bill It was appnent to the
House and the country ihat many gentlemnn never
would advocate a system of reform, let ¡t be what
it might In relation to the charge that the navy
had been reduced by the friends of economy and
reform, it was not so. The Secretary was in fivor
of an increase, and the House differed from him,
and resisted further mc ease. The army remained
stationary ft 6,000 men from 1821 to 1832, when
the BUck Hawk war broke out, and a regiment of
rangers was formed fo' 12 months. In 1833 a
reaiinent of diagoons was raised in its stead; and in
183G another, though it was not intended to be
permanent. He (Mr. C) considered one regiment
proper, but not more ¡ and, a? the Honda war was
over, he saw no reason for ihe two regiments now
employed. After some fuitber remarks, and a bn f
explanation from Mr THOMPSON, Mr. C con-
tinued hi  statement of the manner in which the
army had been increased to its present footing. A
proposition had been made to the Committee on
Military Affairs to increase the staff. Mr. C.
thought, if reduction were made in the army, the
staff might be increased from the officers thus
thiosn out of service.
Mr ALLEN of Maine opposed the amendment,
and said it was the duty of the Government—for
the performance of which the party m power were
responsible—to afford adequate protection to the
instituí ions of the country. If evils re slly existed,
owing to ihe sra* of the army, let the proper com-
mittee report a bill reducing it.
Mr CAMPBELL said th  subject had not been
referred to the Commi tee on Military Affairs.
Mr ALLEN said the reporu of the Secretary of
Wai and the Commanding General h-id been re-
f-rre-l, and he imagined ihey embraced 'he whule
subj cu He then read from the report of the Com-
manding-General to show that sixteen regiment-,
were required to defend the country, instead of
fourteen, as at present. He contended that there
.was no secutity that peace would continue, and
this wab, therefore, an improper time to diminish
the military force of the country.
Mr. McKAY observed that, in the first place, the
aimy was different from all our other institutions
There was a special provision m the Constitution
ot the United States, by which it was prov ded that
no appropriation for a standing army should be
made for a longer period than two years The ob-
ject of this provision wa>, that this branch of the
mili ary establishment should be completely within
the control of the Legislature, and it was in pursu-
ance of that wise custom of our British ancestors,
. so essential to the preservation of civil liberty, that
I every year the supplies for the naval and military
establishments should be voted b/ Parliament.
Every year the minister comes into the House of
Csmmons with his budget, and shows what supp¡ íes
of men and materials are wanted for the year. We,
however, in this country, had departed somewhat
from that salutary custom. The Constitution pro-
vided that no appropriations should be made for
the army for a longer period than two years; so *
that it might be within the power of the people, at
any  time, to prevent the increase of the army.
Mr. McK then asked the Clerk to read the amend-
ment, which was done. The amendment, he said,
was drawn up in such a form that it would not
accomplish the object his friend from Tennessee
had in view, and would, perhaps, do a great deal
of mischief. One of the consequences, as pointed
oui by the gentleman frim Indiana, would be to
repeal the acts establishing th<> two regiments of
dragoons, and the regiments of nfpntry; but the
most ltnpoitant and injurious effects it would pro-
duce, would be to repeal the law establishing the
ordnance corps. Mr. M. here described the origin
of that corps, and explained its duties and its use-
fulness. An amendment cou'd, in his opinion, be
offered, that would accomplish ihe desired object of
reduc'ion, without being liable to the objections
that ensted to the one before the committee.. His
friend from Illinois [Mr. Reynolds] had reminded
him that he was chairman of the commitiee who
reported the bill for raising the regiments of dra-
goons, and that he also veted for it. That was
very true, and he would remark, that there were
circumstances then existing which, in his oomion,
rendered the measure nesessary. It was recom-
mended by the President of the United StaUs; and
the situation of the country, both on the North-
eastern border, and with regard to our Indian rela-
tions, called for it.
There was the Indian war pending in Alabama
and Georgia, the Florida war just about commen-
cing, and there was danger of collision on out
Northeastern border. But he would also observe,
that, though he voted for this bill, he oid not alto-
gether approve of its details He had, however,
accomplished some good, both in the Houce and
in the committee-room, though many of his pro*
positions had been overruled in ea"h. The Sen-
ate, for instance, had sent a bill to them increas-
ing the army to 15,000 men; and it was by his
exertions that it was finally pa«sed with 3,000 less.
H? would no', however, now go into that subject*
but return to the proposition before the com-
mittee. Now that the Florida war was about to
be closed, there was no necessity for keeping up
the army to its present extent, even if there were
an apprehens'on of a war with England, of which
he had no fears. Even in that case, an amend-
ment could be framed which, while it reduced the
army to a considerable exten* would place it in.
such a situation as to enable Congress to & 1 it up
to any extent that might be necessary.
Wnen the naval appropriation bill nas before
the Hou^e, he urged upon i the importance of
preserving a difference between a peace and war
establishment, showirg, as he thought conclusive-
ly, that a much smaller complement of men would -
be necessary m time of peace than in time of war 
He had the same views with regard to the army-
He was for having a smaller complement oc men
in t me of peace; but, at the sine time, preserving-
the skeleton of an efficient army, which could bi
easily filled up when occasn n rrqu red. Mr.
McK here referred to Mr. Calhoun's able report
on the military peace establishment, previous to
the reduction of the army at the close of the last
war, as the plan he would now adopt
Mr. FILLMORE desired to know if the gentle-
man did not report and advocate the bill of 1838?
Mr McKAY said that he did. But did the hon-
orable gentleman suppose thathe could successfully
arraign him before that House, and convict him of
inconsistency? He could tell the gentleman that
he had never done an act, or given a vote there,
that he could not justify before his constituents.
He had been re-elected twice since that time, not-
withstanding he was assailed for having given that
vote; showing that his constituents approved of
what he had dine. They knew the circumstance
under which he acted, and were satiofied mth his
