¿S3
condnc'. His colleague [Mr. Staslt] had assailed
hun for having voted for that bill; and he had
made a speech on that occasion, giving his reasons
for having done so. That speech, it was trae, had
never been published, though he had it among his
papers. It had been written out for him by one of
the reporters of this House; and it contained, m his
opinion, a complete justification of the majority of
the Hooise who passed the measure. If the gentle-
man warned to see it, he would give it to him with
much pleasure.
The gentleman from Tennessee had anticipated
much that he had intended to say with regard to
the manner of making the reduction. He had al-
ready explained the manner in which the increase
■was effected, in 1838.Mr. Mel?, then went into a
detailed history of the different additions that have
been made to the army since the passage of the
act putting it on the peace, establishment; after
which, he submitted his plan for reduction. The
Florida war, he said, having been ended, and pre-
suming that our paeiSc relations with England and
the rest of Europe would be continued, the time
had arrived when a reduction was both necessary
and expedient. We do not propose, said he, to lop
off the officers at present in the service. Tbey
have been educated for the public service, have
adopted the profession, and it would be unjust to
them to throw them off. They should be retained
for these reasons, and also for the purpose of form-
ing a nucleus for a large army, when circumstances
rendered it necessary for us to have it.
Then he would make a reduction in the number
of privates of 3,100 men; which could easily be
done, as the Secretary of War had reported that
there was already a deficiency of 1,838, and had
applied for an appropriation to defray the expense
of recruiting them. The reduction of the remain-
ing 1,200 and odd cou'd be made by enlisting no
more recruits, and even by discharging, with their
own cdnsen', tome of those in the service He
would not repeal the act of 1838, creating the ad-
ditional regiment, though he would bring it down
to the peace establishment of 1821. He was op-
po,ed to many of the details of that act, though he
voted for it, and it was through his efforts that the
subsequent act was passed We had two regiments
of dragoons, and he was willing that one of ihem
should be redaced. One of them ought to be re-
tained lor the protection of the Western frontiers
against the Indians, and for preserving peace
nmoig the Indian tubes, which we were bound to
do, as cavalry was better than infantry for that
service If it should not be deemed expedient to dis-
band one of ihe«e regiments, he would be for convert-
ing it into a rifle regiment. We now had no rifle
regiment in our service; and the cost of maintain-
ing a regiment of riflemen would not be more than
half that of maintaining a regiment of horse.
It had been observed that the staff of the army
had been increased to an unreasonable extent, and
that it ought to ba reduced. On that head he would
observe, that if it was proposed to give up the sys-
tem of internal improvements, considerable reduc-
tion might be made in the corps of topographical
engineers    This corps was increased for the pur-
pose of taking the place of the civil engineers, who
had before that boen employed in public surveys.
But if ths system of improving harbors and rivers
was not to go on, «ime of them might be dispensed
with.    Mr. McK. then touched uron a reduction
that m ght be made m  the emoluments of the
officert,    Under the act of 1802, double rations
were a'lowed to all officers commanding separate
post ; but the committee was, perhaps, not aware
of the extent to which the construction of this act
had   been   earned,  by  creating   separate  posts
Th" amoart expended last year for double rations
alone would  surprise them.   They were not, per-
haps, a yare that every bureau of the War Depart-
ment  wa. crn tituied  a separa'e post.   Go into
General Jf-upS notn, into General Jones's room,
ma the Co- roanding Genera!'., room, &o. &c ,
and you will find i>at, by a construction- of the act
of 1802, they are constituted separate posts, and
entitled to double rations.   We are gow,  on in th s
country, following in the footsteps of EngLn-i,
espyms; her abuses as well a« her legislation.   In
l«s searches in the library, he had found «any
CONGRESSIONAL QLOttE.
curious document*, and, among others, the origin of
our Treasury sys cm. He had always been given
to understand that the credit of organizing the
Treasury Department was due to the genius ot
Alexander Hamilton; but, to hr> surprise, he found
that he had copied it, almost verbatim, not even
changing names, from an English statute. So it
was with almost everything else. [4 member taei e
reminded Mr. McK. that we had the exchequer
plan also.]
To return to the army. By the act of 1821,
one major general, and two brigadier generals,
were created. Now, would the committee believe
that they had had, for years, several major gen-
erals, and a dozen brigadiers, receiving the pay as
such, while the law provided for only one major
general and two brigadiers? So, also, there were
more colonels, more majors, and more captains,
than the law allowed. The late Mr Lowndes—
that greatand able statesman—attempted to remedy
this abuse by the law of 1821, but the act was im-
perfectly framed; so that, by a construction given
to it, all ths^e additional ranks had received pay.
Did the committee know what the pay of a major
genera! was? If not, he could inform them, for
he had obtained all the details. It was about eight
thousand dollars a year.
After a few further remark*, Mr. McK. gave
way to
Mr. WELLER, who moved that the committee
rise; which was carried.
Mr. ADAMS moved to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the bill providing indemnity
for French spoliations prior to 1800, but it was ob-
jected to by Messrs CAVE JOHNSON and PROF-
FIT, and the motion was not put.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered a resolution call-
ing on the Secretary of War for information rela-
tive to the disbursement of the appropriation, under
the act of 2d March, 1841, for defraying certain
Indian expenditures which was adopted.
On motion by Mr UNDERWOOD, the bill for
the benefit of the clergy of the District of Colum-
bia; and the bill to abolish imprisonment for debt,
except in the ca-e of fraud, in the District of Co-
lumbia; were severally read twice, and referred.
Mr. CHAPMAN offered a resolution, the pur-
port of which was not heard.
Mr CROSS offered a resolution, directing the
Commi'tee on Foreign Affairs to inquire into the
expediency of making an appropriation for running
and marking the line of demarca'ion between the
territory of the United States and ths Republic of
Texas, which was adoptsd.
The following bills from the Senate were seve-
rally read twice, and referred:
The bill for the relief of Francis A. Harris.
The bill for the relief of Archibald Barker, a sol-
dier of the late war.
The bill authorizing the commissioners of Lake
county, Ilhrois, to enter a quarter section of land
for the seat of justice of said countv.
On motion of Mr  W. W  IRWIN, he was ex-
cused from serving on the select committee raised
to inquire into the causes of the dismissal of a
clerk in the Pension Office.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, May 25, 1842.
The lesolution of Mr. Merrick, defining what
communications and papers, which from time to
time might be transmitted from the department? to
the Senate and its committees, shall be considered
confidential; and the substitute proposed by Mr.
McRoberts, requiring the transaction of executive
business with open doors; came up in their order—
the latter Ssnator being en'itled to the floor.
On the suggestion of Mr. BUCHANAN, who
was apprehensive that the discussion of these res-
olutions might m'erfere with the apportionment
bill, they were passed over informally.
Mr CRITTENDEN, from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, reported back, without amendment, House
bill for the relief of James Williams
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the Sena'e pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill which goes to
provide that one term of the Federal court of the
State of Ohio shall be held at Cincinnati, instead of
two being held at Columbus. Mr. C said it was not
so important as to what manner the question should
be decided, as that it should be decided.
The question was put, and agreed to, and the
Senate took up said bill, as m committee of the
whole; and there being no motion to amend the
same, it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN said he had been requested by
some lawyers of Cincinnati to favor the passage of
the bill; but he had not received any other informa-
tion from other parts of the State, and therefore did
not know whether the change proposed met with
the approbation generally of those interested, or not.
He would not, however, raise any question as to the
propriety of the passage of the bill.
The bill was ¡hen ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was subfequently read the third
time, and passed.
The resolution of Mr Bayard, proposing to
raise a committee to inquire into the propriety of ap-
pointing for thefSenate a corps of reporters, came
up in i's order,.
On motion eff Mr. STURGEON, its further con-
sideration wa£ postponed, for the purpose of taking
up, as in cordmittee of the whole,
^ THE/APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The questions immediately pending were the
amendmenifpreposed by the Judiciary Committee,
striking oif the ratio of 50,179, adopted by the
House <Sf Representatives, and substituting 50,000
as the raM; and a provision io represent fractions,
by giving an additional Representative to such
States' whose fraction exceeded a moiety of the
ratio of 50,000; and the amendment striking out
that pjraon of the bill making it obligatory on the
States to adopt the district system of representation,
each district to be composed of contiguous territory,
and to return but one Representative; and substi-
tu'mg a provision leaving it optional with the
States to adopt either the district or general-ticket
system, but retaining that portion requiring that
the districts shall Be of cortiffuous territory, sending
one Representative, if the dio'rict sjstem, should be
preferred.
Mr. HUNTINGTON observed that it was not
his intention t© trouble the Senate with a long
speech on this subject, or to consume time in going
over the ground already traversed by those who
had preceded him. He would not, therefore, have
r.sen to say one word, had not the yeas and nays
been called for; but as his vote was to be recorded,
he thought it due to himself an^ the Senate to state
that, in giving it, he was not influenced by the effect
which this amendment would have on his own
State; for, whether it prevailed or not, was a matter
of no consequence to Connecticut, as far as she
was mdivHually concerned. But ihe manner in
which it would affect the small S aies of the Union,
being a matter of the greatest importance to them,
was a subject of general interest m which he par-
ticipated.
Mr. H. then entered into a review, in detail of
the arguments in favor of the proposition, and then
of the objections urged against the bill of 1792.
There was a report made in the House of Rep-
resentatives, in 1832, to which allusion had not
been made in thi<s discussion.
Two reasons had been assigned for General
Washington's veto- one, that he considered the
bill of 1792 gave to some of the States more R p-
resentatives than they would be enti.led to, accord-
ing to tne ratio of 30,000, limited by the Constitu-
tion; the other, that there was no proportion or
division capable of producing equality throughout
the States. Now, he contended that General
Washington had consideiable doubts of the pro-
priety of vetoing that bill; in proof of which, he
referred to extracts from Mr. Jefferson's letters,
quoted in the report.
Al'usion had been repeatedly made to the bill of
1792. That bill had passed the Sena'e by a vote
of 14 in the affirmative—13 voting m the negative.
Among thf-se who voted for n, were the names of
many who had assisted m the formation of the
Constitution. If such men. as Justice Ellsworth
were in favor of ¡he b II, was it not evidence that
the framers of the Constitution intended the prin-
ciple now contended   for by  the Senator from
