m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•work equally and uniformly. The Judiciary Com-
mittee thought it the nearest approach practicable
to the dictates of the Constitution, to give Repre-
sentatives for fractions of such magnitude as
25,000. He had no difficulty in believing it to be
not only constitutional, but just and expedient.
Mr. BAYARD remarked that there would be no
difficulty in the question as to what number should
constitute a House, because individual interests of
members were not brought to bear on the question;
but when the ratio is considered, individual inter
ests aw excited, and immense difficulties arise to
impede the adjastrrent.
Mr. CRITTENDEN contended that there was
not any great difference; for, no matter which end
was taken up first, the ratio would be in view all
the time, and its effect on individual interests
would be the same whether the number of Repre-
sentatives or ratio was the first consideration. The
Senator thinks members are to shut one eye, and
look at the subject with the other. Now, he con-
tended the whole bearings of the subject would be
looked at with both eyes, and all would be consid-
ered. This, however, was not a subject at issue
now.
Mr. RIVES held it to be a fundamental princi-
ple that a construction of either constitution or
law which is practicable, in contradistinction to
ihe construction which is impracticable, should be
adopted Those gentlemen, therefore, who con-
tend that the principle of the Constitution is liter-
ally Impracticable, and that Congress is bound to
come as near as possible to the practicability of an
impracticable pnncip'e, refute their own arguments
in the very premises they assume Now, he con-
tended that the true principle of the Constitution—
and, indeed, the only one not beset with difficulties
—was set forth in the instrument itself, in terms so
plain and simple in practice, that ¡t required ex-
traordinary ingenuity and sophistry to mystify it.
Left to itself, it was a simple problem, which ths
veriest tyro in figures could work out with uner-
ring precision. This principle was, that represent-
ation shall be apportioned according to the respect-
ive numbers m the several States, and this was to
tie done by fixing a common ratio; and as often
as that ratio goes into the population of each State,
that State shold have a Representative. There was
no impracticability in this—nothing about fraction ;
it was a positive rule of the Constitution, and ad-
mitted of no difficulties
Mr R here entered into a minute review of the
debates in convention, to show the common and
prevalent idea at the time with regard to a given
ratio. In the original pioject drawn up by Mr
Pinckney, the proviso was made, that each State
should be entitled to representation, according to
the number of its inhabitants, at the rale of one
member for every (blank) number of inhabitants;
and so it continued in the report of the committee,
and w*s retained till near the close of the debate.
The whole of this proved that not only the con-
vention, but the first Congress under it, con'em-
plated no other rule than that of apportioning
representation according to respective numbers.
They were aware that, no matter what should be
don¿, fractions would be left. Nothing could be
more obvious than that they never intended the
fractions should be represented. Mr. Jefferson,
in the letter to which so much reference had been
made, alludes, very significantly to the subject.
He (Mr. R ) referred also to the authority of Judge
Marshall to snow that tbe analogy contended for
between direct taxes and representation did not
apply. When the question came up of apportion-
ing direct taxes according to representation, Mr.
Ellswor'h showed the injustice of such a rule.
The unvarying and unbroken practice of this
Government with regard to apportionment of rep-
resentation was indubitable evidence of the fulfil
ment of the intention of the Constitution. There
was no end to the encroachments which must re-
sult from the slightest departure from the simple
rale of the Cobs ltution. Agree to a compound
ratio, consisting of two unequal ratios, and there
is nothing to prevent the adoption of a compound
of fifteen sub-ralios: it would lead to an endless
scramble for the representation of these fractions.
_ ass deliberate conviction was, that there was no
other constitutional rule of apportionment but the
plain and simple one laid down in the Constitution
f'self, which was practicable and susceptible of
demonstration to every one.
It was impossible by any ingenious device to
avoid inequalities, and the consequences of unrep-
resented fractions.
Mr. WHITE intended to vote for an increase ot
the ratio, and should come to the same conclusion
that the Senator from Mississippi had arrived at,
with regard to the accordance of the propose 1
amendment with the principles of the Constitution.
He did n< t consider the ratio of 30,000 in the Con-
stitution was to be viewed in any way imperative,
except as to its being the lowest hmi ation of such
ratios as Congress might adopt. If any ratio
conld be devised which would relieve the small
Slates from the burden of the largest fractions,
and throw that burden upon the majority of the
States, he would be m favor of it
The question bemg on Mr. Walker's motion to
concur with the amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, proposing to represent fractions, by allowing
one additional Representative to such S'ates whose
fraction exceeded a moiety of the ratio of 50,000,
said question was taken on yeas and nays, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad Crittenden, Cuilibert, Evans Fulton, Gnham, Hender
son Huntington Kerr Merrick Morehead Porter, Sevier,
Simmons Sprague, Tallmadge, Walkei, White, Woodbndge,
and Young—25
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bagby, Bayaid, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Crafis, King, Linn, McRnberts Mangum,
Miller, Preston, Rives Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—22
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr BAYARD moved to strike out that portion
of the bill fixing the ratio at 50,179, and to insert
74 607 as the ratio
Mr. McROBERTS inquired of the Chair whether
it would be in order to amend the motion by mov-
ing another number as a ratio.
The CHAIR was understood to say that it would
not be then
Mr. KING remarked that many gentlemen were
prepared to vote for striking out the ratio in the
bill, who were not prepared to vote for the number
proposed as a substitute. He therefore called for
a division of the question, so as to have the vote
on striking out fir^t
Mr. WOODBURY was opposed to striking out
for the purpose of inserting that specific number.
Mr. BAYARD said, as it seemed to be desirable,
he would move merely to strike out the ratio fixed
by the Hnu«e, and leave the question of inserting
for an independent motien
Mr. MERRICK was opposed to striking out the
present ratio, without he knew what number was
intended to be substituted as the ratio He pre-
ferred a compound motion of striking out and in-
serting
Mr BAYARD believed that it was the general
sense almost of the Senate, not to adopt the ratio
fixed by the House; and it was with that view, he
moved to strike it out. If it be stricken out, then
the question of what will be the right ratio will
arise; and, m order to disembarrass that question,
he was willing to modify his motion to one of
striking out merely; which motion, if it prevailed,
he would follow up by a motion to insert 74,607
as the ratio.
Mr. WRIGHT, understanding that the motion
now was one for simply striking out the rauo of
50,179, fixed by the House, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr MERRICK said he would vote against the
motion to strike out, not because he was in favor
of the ratio fixed by the House, but because the
motion was not a perfect proposition; for, m voting
for the motion to strike out, he would not know
what he was voting m its stead.
Mr. WRIGHT said, as be had called for the jeas
and nays on tbe motion, it was proper that be should
state his reasons for so doing. He called for them
because he was in favor of retaining the ratio
fixed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. WOODBURY stated that he was now forced
to vote against changing the ratio, when he might
otherwise desire a change—
Because now New Hampshire was authorized to
have one additional Represen 'ative for only about
30,000 additional or fractional popilation
But another illustration of the unforeseen injust-
ice done to some States, compared with others, by
this representation of fractions—when its advo-
cates professed to do it with a view to prevent corn-
para ive injustice—he would merely slate the two
following cases:
By this bill, you now give to New Jersey seven
members, and Maryland nine—
New Jersey, by some of the tables, has a federal
population of                                          373,037
Maryland, one of only             -           -     433,432
The difference between them is but
Yet you give Maryland two additional
Representatives—one for
And one, comparatively, for only the
small fraction of     -
60,395
50,000
10,395
The only other case I will now name is New
Jersey compared with Illinois—.
The former, as before, has a federal population
0f   .           .           .           -           -     373 037
Illinois has but             -           .           -    476 051
Or a majority of but   -           -           -     103,014
\ et, you give to Illinois ten Represent-
atives by this bill, and New Jersey
but seven, that is, compara'ively,you
give her two for      -           -           -     100,000
And a third for the inconsiderable frac-
tion oí                                                        3,014
The question was then put on Mr. Bayard's mo-
tion *o strike out the ratio of 50,179, fixed fey the
House, and carried in tbe affirmative, on yeas and
najs, as follows. Yeas 25, nays 23.
YEAS—Messrs Archer Bagby, Bayard, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clayton, Crafts, Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton, Graham,
King, Linn MuKoberts, Mangum, Preston, Rives Sevier,
Smith of Indiana Sturgeon, Tallmajge, White, Williams,
and Woodbndge—25
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Barrow Bate , Benton, Choate,
Conrad, Cnttendpn, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Poner, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut,
Sprague Tappan, Walker, Whcox, Woodbury, Wright, and
\ oung—23
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, May 25, 1842.
Mr. BURKE presented th** p-titMn of Francis
Green, of Rindge, New Hampshire, a soldier of
¡h1 Rsvolution, praying Congre s to place him upon
the invalid pension roll of ihe United States.
Mr HUNT presented th  memorial of Leonard
Reed, and 80 others, of Putetown, Rensselaer coun-
ty, New York, in favor of protecting American
labor an I industry.
Al^o, the memorial of George T. Denison, and
72 oihers, of Berlin, Rensselaer county, to the same
effect
Mr FILLMORE said, as it was yesterday un-
derstood that committees would this morning be
called for reports, he called for the order of ihe
day.
Committees were lh n accordingly called for
reports.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a series of bill?—viz
A bill for the relief of J< hn Jones
A bill for the relief of Moses M. Strong.
A bill for the relief of the administrator of John
Jackson.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Robert T. Spence
A bill for tbe relief of Peter Lionberger.
Thuse several bills, which were each accompa-
nied by a report, were read twice, and commuted
to tne Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union.
Mr CO WEN, from the same committee, made
a report, in writing, containing the views of the
committee of the necessity which exists for the em-
ployment of a clerk.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he hoped the gen-
tleman from Ohio would give some reason for tbe
employment of a clerk during the vacation.
