CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5B1
is, to receive the appropriation bills as they come
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and ask bira but one qaesiion—and tba' is,
ara they conformable to law ? Now, he believed
that they had higher privileges—that they had the
right to inquire into the expediency of an appro-
priation, snd to suspend or refuse it, if they thought
proper; and no rule could deprive them of that right.
If there was such a rule, it ought to be disregarded.
But he denied that the amendment conflicted with
any rule of the House. Did it propose to repeal
any law for the organization oí the army ? It pro-
posed to leave the organization of the army com-
plete at it was, but to suspend the appropriation for
a part of it for a time. Would not the law be m
force at the next session of Congress, and would it
not then be in the power of Congress, if it should
be expedient to do so, to make the appropriation for
the full complement of men for each regiment ? If
they had not the power to suspend appropriations
when they deemed them no longer necessary for
the public service, a'l they were doing was idle
flummery—mere form. According to the argu-
ment of the gentleman from New York, all they
had to ask with regard to an appropriation was, is
it conformable to law ? and then vote it by acclama-
tion.    He rose to protest against such a principle.
Mr. FILLMORE explained. He had stated ex-
pressly that it was in, the power of the House to
refuse appropriations at any time. What he con-
tended for was, that the amendment tvas out sf
Order as confl cting vvith a rule of the House.
Mr. LEWIS said he recjllecled the qualification
of the chairman of the committee. They had, the
gentleman admitted, 'he physicil power; but be
(Mr. L.) contended that tbey had the ra>>ral, the
physical, and the constitutional np!¡i to vote down
áuy appropriation whatever; and no ru!  the gen-
tleman eoald int^rpo-e could dep.ue them of ¡t.
If there was any qualification of that right, ha
wanted the gentleman to point it out. He beiuved
t&e amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
to be not only correct, but th=it the House h_.d a
right to vote it. He wanted lo see retrenchment
carried out. This was almos' the ciose of the ses-
sion; and the House having but little time left to
act on any other than appropriation bills, if they
did not reduce their expenditures while acting on
them, there would be no other opportunity of doing
it. He should render every aid in his power to
reduce the expenditures of the Government withm
reasonable limits, and should not be restrained by
any other power short of the Constitution.
After some further remarks in support of the ap-
peal by Mr EVERSTT, and from Mr ADAMS
in favor of sustaining the decision of the Chair,
the question was taken by teWt-rs, and decided m
in the affirmative; i. e. sustaining ihe Chair—ayes
70, noes 63.
Mr. FILLMORE observed that the committee
having decided against the appeal, he did not pro-
fose to continue the subject further; but he would
refer the committee to what the Secretary of War,
as well as the Commanding Gsneral, had said in
their official reports on the subject of a reduction
of the army. He would first premise that tbe
army now consisted of 14 regiments. Now, Gen.
Scott said that he confidently believed that 16 regi-
ments was the minimum force now required for
the wants of the country—not for actual war, but
for a standing guard for the forts, and for pio"x-
tion against Indian oaibre?k'!; and that an addition
of one regiment of infan'ry and one of artillery
was necessary On the ^ame subj'c', the Secretary
of War ¡-aid that the very moderate increase of the
army recommended by the Commanding General
would unques íonably be received with that confi-
dence which the source it came from reserved. And
the Secretary then proceeded to show the necessity
for the increase recom nended, to trun the various
forts and arsenals, snd to protect the frontier.
It was stated, at the last section, when the b'll
making appropriations for fornications was under
consideration, that many of the n were actually go-
ing to dilapidation for the want of men to take
care of them. Mr. F. also referred to a report of
the Secretary of War to the Senate, 14ih April,
1849, in which the same views were stated.
After some remarks from Messrs. PENDLE-
TON and GOGGIN against the amendment—
Oa motion by Mr. CUSHING, the committee
rote.
Mr. EVERETT sub nitted a resolution calling
on the Secretary of War for various information
in relation to the number, pay, and emoluments of
the army; which was adopted.
The joint resolution authorizing the erection of
a monument to Captain Nathan Hale, of Connecti-
cut, was read twice, and referred.
Mr. CUSHÍNG moved the reconsideration of
the vote referring the bills for the redaction of the
army and navy, reported this morning by the Com-
mutes on Public Expenditures, to the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union
And, after some remarks from Messrs. CUSH-
ING, MERIWETHER, and WISE-
On motion by Mr. STUART, of Illinois,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Mat 26, 1842.
Mr. MILLER presented three memorials from
citizens of the county of Sussex, New Jersey, pray-
ing that such a revision of the tariff beeffected as will
give encouragement to commerce and agriculture,
and by adop ing such a system of discriminating
duties as will give protection to domestic manu-
factures ; referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Pennsylvania engaged in
the manufacture of chemieah. They nate that
the tariff bill reported to the House by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury proposes a duty of fifteen per
cent an valorem on all quicksilver nnpoited, whi'st
th  manufactured article is m pay or'y a duty of
20 rer cent. They believe this would be unequal;
and 'h^refore propose tbat quicksilver may be im
ported free of dn'y, and tbat the duiy on tartaric
acid may be enhanced: referred to the Committee
on Msnufac'urcs.
Mr. B. also p'psented a rremo'ial from Chester
county, Pennsylvania, similar to a great number
already presented by him, in favor of a protective
tariff: referred to She Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
citizens ot ihe town of Cicero, New York, praying
that Congress will pass a discriminating and pro-
tective tariff; and that it will also settle tbe ques-
tion of currency on the basis of the exchequer
plan: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had bien referred the peti'ion of David
Stone, praying remuneration for losses sus'amed
during the war, ma< e an adverse report on the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported ba^k, with an amerdment, House bill for
the rehff of the legal representan /es of John
Barnes, deceased.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM, the Committee on
Claims was discharged from the funh r considera-
tion of the b 11 of the House for the relief of Ben-
jamin T. Hard, and it v,?s referred to the Com-
mittee on thf Post Offi.-e and P^s  R'.ads.
CORPS Or REPORTERS TOR THE f¡EN VTE.
On mot on of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate took
up fir consideration the'oiling resolution, sub-
mi'ted by h m or Tu«-si'av,  v>z:
S'sohed, That the re, on of the select committee, under
the 47th lule of the Senate, in i elation to the eni,doyn,e> t of a
coipsot repoitel-. tor the Senate, made on the Sthof Sepiem-
bei, 1841, be lefVied to a select committee of five persons, to
be appointed by the President pro tern'
The revoluti n was read and adopted; and
Me-s's. Bayard, Archeb, Graham, Benton, and
Walker, weie consulted the committee.
Mr. WALIC'R moved that the Senate proceed
to the;pecial order of the day.
Mr. PRESTON said he would be greatly grati-
fied if the Senats would consent to his calling up
the bill (which would cause no discussion) which
proposes to incorpora'e a scientific institution,
that had been in existence for some years, and
was now almost in ruins. The gentlemen who
compose this institution are in possession of a con-
siderable amount of property; but, for tbe want of
legal qualification, thay cannot transact business or
protect their property. The law under which they
heretofore existed as an institution has expired. The
bill merely gives them the power to hold securely the
very valuable property in their bands. He moved
to postpone the previous orders, tor the purpose
of taking up that bill.
Mr. WALKER said he would not object to the
proposition of the Senator, if it were not for the
fact that some of the State Legislatures are-how
convened, and watting for the action of Congress
on the apportionment bill.
Mr. ALLEN, said if the Senate did not proceed
to the special order, tie hoped it would take tap his
resolutions, and the substitute for them, relative to
the Riode Jtland affairs. Both were entitled to
the consideration of the Senate. The resolutions
are m order during the morning hour only, and
should be disposed of, unless the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of tbe apportionment bill. v
The Senate agreed to the suggestion of MrV,
Walker; and proceeded to the consideration of \ * r
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.            ,    I
The question pending was on concurring in the i  ;
remaining amendment of the Judiciary Committee,  ^'
proposing to strike out that portion of the bill ma- ^
king it obligatory on the States to adopt the dis-
trict system of representation, each  district to be"
composed of contiguous territory, and to return but
one Representative; and to substitute a provision,
leaving it optional with  the States to adopt either
the distiict or general-ticket system, bat retaining
that portion requirirg tbat the districts shall be of
contiguous territory, sending one Representative,
if the dis ric  system should be preferred.
Mr. BAYARD said he would renew the motion
which he submitted on yes'erday, for filling the
blank m the bill, occasioned by striking out the
ratio -fixed by the House. He moved to fill the
blank with 74,607; which, according to the appor-
tionment tables, would give a House of 200 mem-
bers, which he believed would be found the right
number. It would give that, independent of the
repre-entation of fractions; a principie which had
been adopted on je-terday, but which he doubted
very much would still prevail in the Senate; and
he therefore made no calculation for an augment-
ation of that number by a representation of frac-
tions.                                               ,
The CHAIR said the first thing m order would
be on concurring with the remaining amendments
cf the Judiciary Committee. These should be dis-
posed Of first.                                      „T  t TJ-r.T>
After some remarks by Messrs. WALKEK,
BAYARD, and KING, concurring with the Chair
on the question of order; but suggesting that, by
general consent, the Senate would proceed to fill
the blank and fix the ratio, the suggestion was ac-
ceded to.
Mr. ALLEN said it was manifest that there
would be much wa^te of time and contusion, unless
some order was adopted t > dispone of the question
on the various numbers wh'ch would be submitted.
He hoped the cour.e which was pursued in the
House would be adopted; that is, that each Sen-
ator would send to the Chair the number with
which he proposed to fill the blank; that tbey should
be set down in order, and take seniority by their
number—the Chair to put the question on the
highest number first, and so on, till the ratio was
Mr BAYARD «aid that would be in accordance
with his desire and under-tending of what would be
the proper rour e
Mr WRIGHT, pursuant ¡o this understanding,
moved to fill the blank in the bill with 50,179—
the number stricken out yesterday.
Mr. McROBERTS moved to fill the blank with
M' WRIGHT said that he had been to'd that
there was some doubt whether the motion to insert
the same ratio which was stricken out on yester-
day would be m order. He had supposed that
the object in striking out, and leaving the blank, on
yesterday, was to leave it in order to propose any
number. But inasmuch as there was doubt, he
would withdraw the number proposed, and movt
to fill the blank with 50,178.
