CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
but the Representatives,. A ratio of 50 000 m every
Congressional district would give to each 10,000
voters.
Mr. A. went at large into the principles of repre-
sentation, with a view of showing the necessity
which exists for the constituents of a Representa-
tive to have a fire-side acquaintance with him.
He thought the basis of representation m the other
House ought to be broad and deep in the hearts of
the people.   If narrowed down to a small number,
their Representaiives might be found r.ot debating
in open day the good of the coun'ry, but «hut up
in some cellat whispering the  will oí the  Exeeu
ttve.   He then alluded   to   the   objection uiged
against a numerous representative body—ihat there
woald be turbulence and delay in trie public bust
ness in consequence of the mcreas'd numbei of
speakers.    He argued that this objection was ill
founded, pointed out the practicabiluy cf mam'ain-
ing order in such   a body,   and   illistrated   his
arguments by a reference to ihe practice of the Ro-
man Senate, maintained throughout four centuries
—a body consisting of an average nunuer ex
ceedmg five hundred.   He was struc'r with a pas-
sage in one of G cero'« letters to his friend1?, in which
he mentioned the way in which a úseles speaker was
restrained from wasting the public V me- it was by
sbtir^ng of feet, eougbng, and noises, similar to the
mode reported to m toe British Pai! anient to effect '
the same object, at the presera ihy   Th s was a re
markable coincidence m the pro"' ce ot two popuiar
bodies wuh an interval of ii'arly tuti, y entures
He then adverted to the reaiiik. > f Seaatjrs rela-
tive to the complaints of the people as to tne v,on
duct cf th ir Rep^-enntue .    lie liked to hear
the voice of the people felt even u disapprobation,
sooner than not hear it a  a'l
He had h<>ard obi ctions ur¡ ed 'o the mi's of
Congress nal speeihew wi a wh Ji the counuv
was flooded. H" approved of ,h s abundance ot
knowledge flowing- upon il«a pub .c nmd. It
formed th  gnat book of the political informa-
tion of the people He had ofien d «cover-
ed, in riding round the countiy, that the far-
mers knew more about v fiut was «a.d and
done la Congress than he did him«elf, except with
regard to the Senate, with v hich he was more im-
mediately connected. He was glad to ki,ow that
the people we'e talking abotn Congress If the
people were to withdraw their observation from
Crngrcss, the corrup'ion of the Government would
be progressive and Si?re HediP-jed from theSen-
ator from South Car ¡ina, who thought the power
of the Senate, rather than tnat of the House, re-
quired augmentation. He thought the Senate had
enough of superiorly over the Reuse of Repre-
sentatives. It had its veto over all the action of
the House, while it had equal powers in every
thing, except that of impeachmen', and ihat oí ori-
ginating revenue bill-, f hile, on other subjects, it
had powe s not possessed by the House—such as
its control of Executive act en. It had the power
of patronage, tor he contended that the power to
reject nominations vas tantamount to the power of
appointment.
He was not the man to vote í r curt?umg the
only safeguard oí the people, ¿"o pass judgment
on the House, because of alleged turbuknee, con-
fined to some balf-d zen members", would be to
condemn the Rep eseniatives of the people for
being what their const i uentscesire them to be, or,
if they are not what they wish, they can change
tnem when thej please, on then r< turn to tiseia tin
re-electtou. He behaved the liiii ua ions iLtotii
out agat*«t the oiher House were dangerous in
their tendency, becaus  calou a^d to exe te public
opinion a?a n«t the popular rep'e'ertation, their
only security
Mr. SEVIER supposed every Senator hid mide
up bis mind wheth-r he would go fcr a h gh or
low ratio, when he proposed tnat of 77,000. He
little expected that his pioro i i< rt \ oa'd excue
two such speeches- as t1 e Scale h<J just hea-d
from the Senators fr^-m Keniuiby a d fro  Ohio.
He had not said one wwd about the turoulence of
the House of Representatives. If the suhj et was
called up at all, it wag by the Senítois themselves.
Disorders of the House being the consequence of the
form and size of the building, was mere leather and
pmnella Any man di posed <o speak delioerately,.
and properly, can be heard in that House as well
as elsewhere. Why was it ihat the House, at this
session and hst, had been ct-ripelled to resort to
their one-hour rules, and mctions to close deba'es
on given day , and motions to reconsider immedi-
ately after the pa.sage of a measure, but because
the Hou«e was too numerous? There was no cure
for all the evils now complained of, but to reduce the
number to that which past experience ha? shown
was most capable of conducting the business o'f
legislation well. He referred to his own experi-
erce of the Rouse of Reprc sentafves in the admin-
istration of Mr John Ctutney Adams.
He was the last man in this body to strike a blow
at popular righ s> It was his love of popular
rights which had given htm a seat ía this body.
The great evil «as, that the responsibility of indi-
viduals was destroyed by the increase of numbers.
It was easy to be seen tint dforder was the conse-
quence of this want of responsibili y Mueh had
been said about the increasing power of the Exeeu-
tue. Where was this gieat centralization of power
in the hands of the Execv'tve to te found 2 Was
it in Congress1? In the House of Representa'ives
the Executive had only a corpora]'  guard of six
membeis In the Senate it vv^s still worse, for he
bad no friends in that boly at all It was enough
to ensure the rejection of his nominan ms, if they
were known or su pec ed to be Tyler men.
Mr. CRITIENDECT rose to a point o order.
11 was as to the Senator's al'usion to tn> rejection
of nominations in ex-cuu/e se sion being on the
groa, ds of the iopo ntees o iti-Tylei men.
Mr. SEVIER reca'led anj thn.g he had ,„id out of
order. Hr had meiel, aluded to me fact, u s'iow
how hule po.ser or influence the Pres dent had in
th s body.
lie eg .n cortendfd <.'>"t the gr it evil vas in
the IIou<e beu-g too Urge, and ihe responsibility
of ind Vidua's b^ing d^'troyed.
fir. BUCH4NAN did not expect, when he came
to the fc-'enate this mormrg, that ie would feel call-
ed upon to say a word But a discussion had
ausen which seemed to require that he should ex-
press his sentirntnts He was free to admit that
he was not m favoi of either a very large or v-ry
small latio. He would prefer, to ail otner^, that
latio which should give the most appropriate rep-
resentation of Up popui?r body. Wtun he first
came m'o Congies-, the ramber of R'piesen'a'tves
consisted of 183 The next -pportionvent was
212, being an increase of 14 percent Ti.e next
was 24<2; an increase of between 16 and 17 per
cenu The propcsttion oo't is to ncrease the num-
ber to 319, being an adaitioi at the rate of 32 per
cent. Puisu ng this ratio of doubling the per c n-
turn of increase every ¡en jears, in 1852 the num-
ber *ould be 543: and so it wou'd go on till the
R presentativea would amount t.o some thou-
sands
He referred to the assertion of the Senator from
Iiei urky, 'hat the present number < f 242 was th
i\ors' doss bie nunoer, being cih r too la ge or
too small. He then slated las exp3iier.es oL what
he had seen m tbt Hou-se of Coirinons in En l>xii 1,
c n istmg of 658 members lie „s pi s rt on an
occasion when a qu j ion wa. p^i-dinj wluh
ca'l d or <i full hjuse, a-d ie observed that ev ry
n<anuiiosool otp to so .k in oppo t on to the
irmis ry, was eiihei tci ghed du'^ii, suifS" i doí < ,
or app.auded down A ciy oi hear, he,.r3 ' ^as
eit '¡p, un'il ths speaker c uld rut be heard at
ah The o istqaence of th s was, tha*, m ¡he
transaction of busii css. some fony or fi't/ mera-
bers mansged v ail Tci.se vere controlled by ihs
miaiify; and if they could nc t they summoned
the r!a s to put down opt> smen
He S >d noth ug >o sa\ at;" nst he present House
of Representatives He b'htver1 242 men could
not i.  seke co wuo wool' do better than they oid.
Vwhen ht was a rr.tnib ,, h°re was scan ty any
neces i } for calliif <l.*, House, oat nc<-, the in"v-
ítf b'e result of  o nua>e ous a body as 242 is, tha*
a whole sitting rnay be consumed m cahs of the
House and calls ot the yeas ?nd na>s.
His own opinion was, that a proper number
now vould be 200 At the end of the next ten
years, let the ¡ncrease be according to a certain per
centum, and when the population shall be double
what it is, there may b« a Housg of 300. He
thought 200 would be large enough to repre-
sent all the districts, and not too large to trans-
act the business of the country. He desired to have
a House so large that the political influence of the
Executive could not corrupt it. He wished to see
a House so small that its members would transact
ihe business of the country with industry and des-
patch. In this way t>e benefit of short sessions
might be attained.
He wished to regulate the subject by th s princi-
ple: Whaf is the number that will ben suit the
wishes of the people, and that sill transact the
business best and most expedí iou \yt He would
not go for th  highest nor tne lowest, but, taking 200
members as 'he best number, he wouid vote for
the ratio wh en would give that resalt
Mr CHITTENDEN concurred with the Sena-
toi from Penns>lvania that the chcice ought to be
that number which wid best effect the objects of
meeting the wnnes r-f the people, and of best trans-
acting me business of the country.
But he belipvel it had now become necessary lo
make tha House oí Representan res vigorous, en-
erget c, and useful. It was his belief that, by in-
creasing its numbers, new bonds of connexion
would be created between the people andthe Gov-
ernrrent He admitted there was a number be-
>cnd which no dehb-rative body cou'd convenient-
ly be camel ih ie were natu-al limits. However
rapid'v the number i <s,ht be increased, there must
be a limit. Pi' > rr '-ix hundred was the largest
nu.nber of a del be-at >e bot'y now known It was
Said that he II u o of Commons «as not a deliber-
ative buiy Bo its great efficiency m raising up
the rrisl t< <-t pow-r o i the earm— n enforcing pop-
mar n_>'s ?• i controllirg its monarchs and no-
blrs—<how«-d nat u sv?. a deliberative body of
gre4tmcrti andptxac?! influence—an influence
not only sufficient to contn.1, but to convert to its
ivi 1, all o her Drenches antagonist to popular rights.
The Senator from Pennsylvania had given an
instance of wu^' he had p rson illy witnessed in the
H)uce of Common . It reminded bim of a trav-
eller wllo h&d met a B>ntuckian with one eye; and
in his account oí Ms travels, he set down all Ken-
tuckians as a race of on? eyed p «ple.
in alb sion to *hat had been said by the Senator
from Arkansas, m which he understood the Senator
to make use of the word "mob"—
Mr SEVIER m^rposed, and explained that his
abusión was not to character, but to the great
number
Mr CRITTENDEN' observed that the term
"mob" ws,s tqjal'y applicable to 50, as to 242
members, if tie 50 conducted themselves disor-
derly Ho bad not pat any unkind construction
on he S^na'cr's use of the term. He had treated
it as if apt lied to the efiict—that it would be as
bad as that of ihe diso der of a mob. That was
the sens   in wh ci be unJerstood it
Iniefere c to we Semtor'b assertion that it
was soffio^at fo a mai to be known and held up
as a Tv, l i man ' n.siire hi, lejeetinn by th*- Sen-
ate vhen h 'ion nah a caiie before it, he would
say tha he h'c c-il'd hf S nator to order on this
Macpe %b eia fhewassu eit was only m the heat
of deoa e he oveiioolied the impropriety of allu-
atiig to such mat'ero But he denied that in secret
■¡essionativ iremofrof tois body had ever made
any sueh decliiation as that he was for rejecting
nominations because men were or were not Tyler
men
Mr SEVIER oose'ved that there weie two
pomts rete re 1 to b> th^ Sena'or, WB,ch it seemed
r i-e ssry he  ~ould eiolaits—his use of the word
' n.ob,"' and his re erencc io tha power of the Presi-
dent beiu oviishado^ed by Congress. In the
fi'st <•*• , he had used the term "mob" in reference
to number, arid noi character. As to his allusion to
thi lac that it was erough to insure 'he rejection
rf a noro nee to Kiiov that he was a Tyler man,
cr ftieLd of the Pre'idem ; he hsd made the allu-
s on as an il'ustra'ion m argamen , and, perhaps,
in the heat of debate, witnont thinking of the con-
struction which might be given to .'. He would
recall the lllustiatwn. He felt the delicacy and
difficulty of arguing the matter with the Senator
