£40
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from Kentucky, who had perhaps himself not been
exactly within the precise limits of order, in at-
tempting to refute the assertion
He would, for the present, withdraw his motion
to fill the blank with 77,000
Mr SMITH of Connecticut was in favor of
giving as large a number of Representatives as
best comported with the wants of the popu'ation.
He thought, therefore, the number ought to be in-
creased now, and he did not think that proposed
by the House itselt too large. He would rather
see the number 300 than 200
Mr. CALHOfJN observed that he concurred
■with one remark of the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania—
that, as the number of the member^ of the House
increased, the influence of fie Senate increased
It was now a common ihmg for bills to originate
in the Senate, which used formerly to originate in
the House
He entered into a history of the increase of
members  in the other House during the last 30
years. In 1812 the number of members consisted
of about 140 At that time the previous question
was first introducer" He believed whole sessions
passed wilboat the previous question being called,
and that, daring a penod of war As the numbers
have increased, rules and restrictions have in-
creased; but irregularities have far outstripped all
rules and regulations. In 30 years ths increase
had gone on till the number grew from 140 to 240.
Every addition Increased the evils Power is
stretched, m the same ratio as number of repre-
sentatives, business, lelay, and consumption of
time are increased This is the necessaiy conse-
quence of the multiplication of members The result
of such an increase of raembers as that now pro-
posed would be, to make the «sessions of Congress
continuous There would be hardly time given to
go home and reiurn.
There was a °teat difference between the House
of Representatives and a British House of Corn-
mono The term of election for the House of
Representatives is two years When a new Con-
gress meets, every man has to bs heard till he finds
his level The two years are hardly expired till
the level of each has. bsen ascertained, and more
order is the result. Not so with the House of
Commons for its memb°rs are elected for seven
years. Tne circumstances are different Gentle-
men talk of the British representation being up-
wards of six hundred but is not ttat the entire
representaiion of Great Britain, b th mun cipal
and national? What is the municipal and i-alior-
af representation of the United States? He had
made no calculation, but he was sure it could rot
fall short of five thousand—the largest representa-
tion on the face of the earth Thete was an ag-
gregate of five thousand Representatives assem-
bled in deliberation for nearly three months oí e/-
ery year.
He thought the best plan would be for the Sen-
ate to Px the largest number, and let a Committee
of Conference adjust the matter between the two
Houses
Mr WOODBURY did not rise to press his reso-
lution, or advance any arguments upon this subject,
but to say a few w >rds m relation to his own per-
sonal observation of ihe working of a large repie-
sentative body He had witnessed the efiVts of a
large representative bex'y m th - Sta'e of Ma^sachu
setts, where the House consisted of mote than 700
He had nevu seen a mo'e orderly bod}, cr one m
which business was more methodically ¿nd expedi-
tiously performed.
H s objection to a House of Representatives of
two bandied members only, wa=, if for no other
reason, ihat it was going back from the practice of
the Government, whicn had been to increase the
number of Representatives m proportion to the in-
crease of population In order to conform to this
practice, but not exceed it, he was in favor of
56,000 as the ratio, which would give an increase
of Representatives at a rate per cent not quite so
large as the last rate oí increase
If the sessions of Congress had increased in
length, and more time was consumed, it was be-
«Misse business had greatly increased, and new and
easting topics had of late years been introduced—
such as the distribution of the public lands, pnnec-
tive duties, tariff, &c.
Mr. CALHOUN replied to the Senator from
New Hampshire, and argued that there were great
and exciting topics before Congress when the num-
ber was small, and the despatch of business great.
There was the war, &c The great evil of the
country was the increase of business.
Mr PRESTON produced his table of calcula-
tions, and explained it m detail, on tha ratio of
92,000, which would leave as small a fraction as
any other ratio, and leave the lightest portion of
the aggregate fraction on the slaveholdmg States,
and the larger portion on the free States. It weula
give a number of Representatives best calculated
to perform the regulated duties of a well organized
body The great point to hit is, to make that
House so numerous as not to be an oligarchy, and
not so numerous as to be incapable of performing
its duties
He referred to the argument of the Senator from
B f ntucky, as to the good effects; which had resulted
from the organization of the British Hoa^e of
Commons. It was a peculiarity of that body that
forty member  compose i a quorum The ordina
ry business was perfoitned by that quorum, fur-
nished with the reports of committees, and at the
call of the Speaker an inconceivable amount of
business was performed. It was only on great
leading political questions that ihe whole booy as
sensbled. Here, while the House of Representa-
tives has consisted of two hundred and forty-two
members, one hundred and twenty tbr e must meet
to form a quorum There was, therefore, a great
difference between the House of Commons and the
House of Representative . It was a principle as-
serted by Montesqui n. upwards of 100 jears
ago, that when popular bodies are extended beyond
certain bound', the weight of t'ae whole ot their du-
ties was thrown into the hands of a chosen fev of
each body.
Wbat was wanted m Congress was, that the
people oí each St.it  shnu d b° repiesented in pro-
portion to their interest m the Gene>al Government,
but if the principa is carried so far as to divert the
entire interest of repre'entation towards Congress,
the greatest danger of consolidation and central-
ization must be the result. Besides, he considered
ihere was great danger of the immediate preserva-
tive of the small Sta es—the Senate—beirg over-
shartoaed by the other branches, the House and
the Executive, being both electel oy the same con-
stituency, wou'd have naturally a tendency to con
soli 'ation against tne controlling po ver, the Senate.
Cn the wnoie he wa-s satisfied that the best se-
lection tna could be made, vould be that whico
woui 1 } leid about one bundled ai d fifty members
His ratio would yield one hundred and seventy-
five
Mr MANGUM moved an adjournment, which
was agreed to, and the Senate, at five o'c'ock, ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 26, 1842
Mr LOWELL presented the memorial of Sam-
uel M Pond, John N Swasey, Sewall Lake, and
Henry Darling, a committee appointed by the citi
zens of Bucksport and adjacent towns in Mame,
praying Congress to maire such nrovis on in the
revenue mil now pendirg as Till cbecu the intro-
duction of wood, spars, &c, from the BritU prov-
wees of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, an ¡
secute an additional revenue to the Government,
also, Ihe proceedings of a treetm  of the citizens
of Buck port and Orland, Maine, on the 12th of
M%y, 1842, m relation to the depressed state of our
coasting trade, and some of the principal branches
of industry connected the with, wh'ch were re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr J IRVIN presented the proceedings oí a
large and respectable meeting of the citizens oí
Centre county, Pennsylvania, held at Bel'efonte
on the 23J day of April, 1842, without respect to'
party, m favor of home industry, and stating that
the depressed state of the agricultural, manufac-
turing, and commercial interests of the country
requrres Congress to adopt, without delay, such
measures as will restore confidence in business, and
mitigate the sufferings of the people. Th«y also
sta'e that no country can prosper, which neglects
or refuses to protect its own products, us own la-
bor, and its own industry, that the protection of
domestic industry and labor is no party question,,
for every man, of every parly, feels there is some-
thing wrong in our policy; and that, while they
ask Congress to pass laws for the protection of
American industry, against foreign competition
and foreign policy, they, as individuals, will en-
courage home-labor by employing and purchasing
from our mechanics, and by using and wearing do-
mestic goods and American manufactures
Also, three memorials, numerously signed by
citizens of Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania,
praying Congress to pass such laws as would sus-
tain the various interests of the productive labor of
this country against similar interests in Europe,
where those who labor are barely able, and in
many cases unable, to earn enough to keep them-
selves and families from starving.
Also, one from citizens of Northumberland
county, Pennsylvania, of the same import.
Also, one from citizeas of Centre county, on the
same subject.
Also, one from citizens of Union county, Penn-
sylvania, on the same subject.
Mr. LEVY offered the following resolution •-
Resolved That the Secretary of War he directed toreport
to this House all conespondence between the present- com-
manding officer of the United States array in Florida aod ths
Department of War and all orders which have been ianiedt
from said depaitment, in relation to the Indian hostilities
And 6  it further resolved, That, in the opinion of thi 
Hou«e, there ought to be no cessation of hostilities against th&
Seminóles in Florida until the whole of said Indians shall have;
been effectually subdued
Mr FILLMORE foresaw that a resolution of
that k.nd could not be passed without considera-
ble discussion, and he therefore moved that the
House proceed to the orders of the day.
Mr. LEVY, to obviate any objections, said he
would withdraw tne latter part of the resolution,
relatn e to the termination of the Florida war The
first part of the resolution catling for information,
he hoped, would not be objected lo Mr. L said
that he nad received a letter, which he would ask
the Clerk to read for the information of the House,
to show ¡ha importance of the inquiry he wished
to make. It contained the information, that on the
very day he han the honor of addressing the
Hcuse on the message of the President which
sta'ed that the war had terminated, a tragedy was
enacted in Florida, by the murder of a whole
family.
The letter was then read
Mr LEVY was proceeding to make some fur-
ther remarks, when be was called to order by
Mr YORKE, who objected to the reception of the
resoultion.
Mr McKAY hoped the gentleman would con-
fine tne resolution to the tust of January last, which
having been assented to by Mr. Levy, and the res-
olution modified accordingly—
Mr YORKE withdrew his objections, and the
resolution was adopted.
Mr FILLMORE moved that the House would
proceed to the orders of the day.
Mr CUSHING suggested, a3 the call on the
committees for reports had not been gons through
with yesterday, thai the other committees be allowed
to make their reports
This sugsestioa having met with unanimous con-
sent, the following reports were made.
Mr C A FLOYD, from the Committee on the
Territories, made a r< port on the petiuon of the
mayoi and council of St Augustine, accompanied
by a bill making an appropriation for filling up
the ground m the rear of ihe seawall at that place.
read twice, and referred
Mr GARRETT DAVIS, from the same com-
mittee to which several memorials on the subject
had been referred, marie a report, accompanied by
a bill to establish a provisional line between the
Territory of Iowa and the Slate of Missouri, read
twice, referred, and ordered to be printed.
Mr HAYS, from the same committee, reported
a bill to provide for the completion of the peniten-
tiary in the Territory oí Iowa read twice and re-
ferred.
Mr. BABCOCK, from the Committee on Revo-
