CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         Bit
) f|i r.    ^nw^lULiliiiilir^   iti'<nn«jái.tiW.....n    n   iriT   r i                      ■                                                         .                                                                                                                     n       11 n.ffn       . . mwil...............^""' ■    Yui.       'ft.................            „ n—-
Jutionary Pensions, moved that said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of sundry citizens of Livingston county,
New York, praying for an alteration of the pension
system, and that it be referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union ; which
motion was agreed to.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
to which the petitions of Elizabeth Harris and the
children of Captain Robert Layton had been re-
ferred, reported bills for their relief, which were
ieverally read twice and referred
On motion by Mr. TALIAFERRO, the same
committee was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petitions of Christiana McClure and
Mary Eve Carney.
Mr. FORNANCE, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the petitions of Mary El-
der, Maria M. Brooks, Anna Jones, Prudence
Couch, and the widow of Captain William Roy-
al), deceased, reported bills for their relief, which
were severally read twice and referred.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS, from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Penbions, to which the petition of
Asa Davis had been leferred, reported a biü for
his relief: read twice and referred.
On motion by Mr. MORRIS, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the petitions of Jane Edster, Jane Moore, Luther
Gregory, and Francis Griffith
Mr DOANE, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the memorials of Samuel
Neely, David Akreson, Solomon Emerson, and
James Sweetman, made reports thereon, ¡>ccom-
panied by bills for their rehef, which were sever-
ally read twic and referred.
Mr SANFORD, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the petition ol Lyman N
Cook, made a íeport thereon, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read twice a"d re-
ferred.
Mr. SANFORD, from the same committee,
made an adverse íeporc on the petition of Silas
Fuller.
Mr. AYCRK3G, from the same comm'Uee, to
which had been leferred the petitions of Gideon A.
Perry, Francis F. Wiley, aní Jam«s S ick, made
reports thereon, accompanied by bills for their re-
lief; which were severally read twice and referred
Mr. AYCRIGG, from the «ame cornrmt'ee, msde
unfavorable reports on the petitions of Jona'ban P
Hortsn, Eleanor Caikers Thomas Carpenter, Rob-
ert Nullyan, H. Bigelow, James Ivory, Jaeoo
Wurter, James Newland, Elif kirn W Hatchings,
William G Waller, and Gardner Haron.
Mr. STRATTON, from the same committee, to
which had been referred tne petition of George
"Waddell, made a report thereon, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was twice read and re-
ferred.
Mr. GILMER, from the Select Commi.tee on
Retrenchment, to which had been referred several
petitions from citizens of New York and Onio,
praying for the reduct>on of the pay and mileage of
members of Congress, for the abolishment of the
franking privilege, except daring tne sess'ons of
Congress, for the enforcement of the rales on all
questions of censure, and expulsion of members
who indulge in personalities in debate, made a re-
port thereon, referring the Hsu e to tne views of
the committee on the abovs sublets heretofore
submitted, and asking to be discharged from the
fuither consideration thereof agreed to.
Mr HALL, from the «elect committee appoint-
ed on the memorial of William Y/r ght, in relatu n
to certain alleged frauds connected with the Com-
monwealth Bank of Boston, made a report thereon,
concluding with a resolution that the commit ee
have leave to proceed to Boston to investigate the
affair on the spot; and that they have power to
send for persons and papers, and to appoint a
clerk. Mr. H. then moved that the resolution be
considered at this time
Mr HOPKINS objected to considering it out ot
its order.                                                        .   ,
Mr. HALL moved a suspension of the rules tor
the purpose of taking it up
Mr. PROFFIT called for the )«as and nays on
the motion; which, havi g been ordered, resulted
in yeas 128, nays 43.
So the re*olution was taken up for consideration.
Mr. PROFFITsuegested to the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Ham,] to withdraw that part of the
resolution giving the committee power to proceed
to Boston. He believed that all the necessary in-
formation could be got by a commission, as well
as if the commit'te went there, and in this way
a considerable expense would be saved Gen-
tlemen of all parties were interested in making
investigations into all ¡i eged abuses, no matter
under what Administration they were said to occur;
and as to this peculiar case, he believed that the
resolution would be adopted by almost a unani-
mous vote, if the part he teferred to were stricken
out.
Mr. HALL replied, that the committee had al-
ready obtained all the information that could be
procured m this city, and they were unanimously
of the opinion that a thorough investigation, which
was highly important, could not be made wi hout
their proceeding to Boston, and taking depositions
in person. It would be necessary to examine some
thirty or forty witnesses.
Mr. ADAMS observed, that this proposition
grew out of a memorial from a gentleman of Bos
ton, named Wright, who was perfectly well ac-
quainted wi'h all the circumstances connected with
the transaction The facts were these- The Com-
monwealth Bank of Bostin, while it held deoosites
of the Government to tne amount of $160,000 or
$170,000, failed, and then mat'e a compc id n
wi h the Government, b/ which the debt was
sponged for property v Inch said Wr ght cb erve 1
was no' worth ¿10,003
Mr A refern d'oa former exam nation of the
subject by a commit'ee, of which Governor Lin-
coln and Mr. Bond of Ohio—'hen members of the
House—were member'. That committee, he
sa'd, reported a tu-mlar resolutior; but the then ma-
jority of the House was not as much deposed to
ferret oat abuses as the present one. If the House
possessed a* much information on the subject as
these two comrnitiee^hedid not believe they would
hesitate to pass the lesolution.
Mr. SAUNDERS knew very little of the trans-
action, but what he l°arn°d from that ¡eport. From
that he learned that  the United Slates had a de-
posit in .he bank refeircd to of $160,000 when it
failed, and that the district pttorney, who represent-
ed the Uni'ed States, took larl for the debt, at the
valuation of aporai>ersappom ed for t'iat purpose
It was alleged that there was a collusion  between
the district attorney and  the persons who valued
the land, by which it wa« estimated at a price far
too high, bu* he learned further, that there was not
the slightest prospect of ever recoverria a dolhr
more     Now, he did  n^t know, in reference to a
remark of the  gentleman   from   Massachusetts,
whether there wpv a disposition on the part of the
former House of Representatives 10 probe matters
of that kind to the bottom but he well knew that
h  himself ws  wilbng to do •<-.     Thai, however,
was not the quest on     Tne question was, wbe h-r
the House would send a committee all the wiy to
Bo ton to investigate the wp'-er.    The committee
had givin tbe House no <-i*flice**t reason win a'l
the de ired testimony could not b* procured b> a
coram ssion to take d°po->i'io.i .   Why  had not
this Mr  Wright brought forwarl h i test mony,
and lei tnose imohr-tcd answer so it?   Un >1 the
gentleman fiora Venroat could sho« that sufficient
testimony could not bs  brought here, he was n >t
disposed to encoan'er  the  exne^e  of sending a
cornmi iee to Bis'on    With regard to the va'ua
ti n of the 1? id, th« Judiciary Committee had ob-
tained «um*ie t rv ttnee, and why could not the
select c"mmitt e obla n it as well?    Be'ieving the
power to go to Boston to be perfectly useless, and
that the power to send for persons and papers was
ail-°uffeier>t, he ragged leave to oiler the fol'owing
amendment*
The amendment simply strikes ou that part of
the resoluti r> authorizing ths committee to proceed
u Bo=f>n and to en p oy a cleik , and pftei tie
word  "send foi pe sons end pap?"-,  to insert the
words " or to take depositions of witncses, as to
them may ^m most expedient."
Mr CHARLES BROWN expressed the hope
that the investigation would be made. He would
always rather have facts brought out than insinu-
ations ; but he trusted the House would not, in
passing this resolution, do more wrong than that
alleged injhe report. The first question to be cen-
sidered was, had the property been over-valued 1
That f ould be ascertained here, by depositions, as
well as by the committee's going to Boston; and
therefore there was no use m their spending three
weeks at that city, examining 30 or 40 witnesses,
(as the gendeman from Vermont said,) to obtain
information that could be obtained here. The best
plan, m his opinion, would be to let the district at-
torney take the depositions touching the points the
committee would instruct him on, and then, if they
had not suffic ent testimony, it would be time to
send a committee to Boston.
Mr. VAN BUREN, afiei explaining the facts of
the case, made a few remarks in favor of the reso-
lution, expressing the opmion that a sufficient in-
vestigation could not be made without taking the
course pointed out in it. He was of opinión that
the expense of taking so many depositions, under a
commission, would be as great as that incurred by
sending on a committee.
Mr. BOWNE expressed his regret that the prin-
ciple contained  11 this resolution, of sending a
travelling committee  through the country to inves-
tigate abuses, shou'd have found favor in any part
of tne House    He was aware that it would be
very convenient and very agreeable to many gen-
t etmn o>> that floor to be relieved from the duties
of the Home at the present period of the session,
and to take a pleasant trip to Boston, receiving
their per d era at>d travelling expenses; and he had
n i doubt that their health  would be greatly im-
proved by i, but he questioned the propriety of tne
proposition    He put it to the good sense of the
House, whether it was poasible, by a personal at-
tendance of 'his committee in the city of Boston,
to get at the fact  m  a more authentic form than
th<-y could get ihem through a commission to take
testimony    He would a'k the committee whether
they would undertake to examine wi'nesses now in
this cuy?    He unde'-tood that an honorable Sena-
tor, now in tms city, was c u< sel in the case, and
knew a'l about the mattes, and that he staled in
his p!?cem tnt S=nate, the other day, that the trans-
action   was fair and  honorable.   The committee
might have got at this fact, and, if they had, they
would not have asked of the House that they might
have iheir «eats and go through the country to
ferret out abuses.
Mr. HALL asjfed leave to explain The com-
mittee we'p unanimously of the opinion that the
case required a thoiough investigation; and that
that could not be made, without going to Boston.
Tne statement made by the nonorab'e Senator, re-
ferred to by the gentleman from New York, was
mad  by h'm as attorney for the parties impli-
cated
Mr BOWNE said it might be that the matter
reauirea  a fur h r investigation.   But he would
ask, why c uid it not be made by a commission,
as wo,l as by s peisonai attendance of a committee
I   in Dosier?   Ins wouid requue but a compara-
tively smal' expetre, while the excense of sending
a ronimit'e* to Boston, including travelling ex-
panses, pay cf a clerk, «fee, would probably come
to some eight or ten ihous«rd dollars    Where,
now, was all the zeal for economy, of which they
had but lately heard so much?   Where that rage
for ret-e"chi"ent, that was vime^sedra reducing
the pases and mesons r-, and in Cutting down the
army and nivj'   Patriotism was but lately boil-
ing over, and  >et gentlemen now wanted to send
abroad a tiaveding committee, wiih its clerk, to
£ rrtt out ab ses, and collect testimony,  which
cou d be piocured in tms city at the cost of a few
hundred d< l'ars
Mr. HOPKINS did not rise for the purpose of
making anygeieral opposition to this re«olut>on,
he wes oppo-ed to it only so far as it contemplated
■-ending a committee to Boston, and the employ-
ment of a clerk He had voted iw formly for in-
vestigations into alleged ¿buses, ard wou'd vote
m like manner now. The question, however, was
a very simple one, and that could as well be irw
