*-&tá
quired into, (he meant bo disparagement of the
committee by the remark,) by taking depositions,
as by sending them to Boston. What were the
facts? There was no dispute about the indebted-
ness of the Commonwealth Bank of^Boston, nor
that property was taken as a composition for the
debt. It was alleged, however, that there was a
combination of individuals, by which the property
was overvalued, and the Government by this means
defrauded. Suppose that was tiue. Would the
committee direct the district attorney to bring suits
/or the purpose of recovering back the á'ffereacel
Would the committee, indeed, have the power to do
so? It appeared to htm that the only tiue way te> get
at the matter would be for the district attorney,
who was the ¡aw-officer of the Government, to take
testimony on the subject; and, if he has gt od rea-
son to believe that there has been fraud, to msU-
tute a suit against the partus. All the facts would
then come out, and the wbo'e question of fraud
would be settled. If there hid been ftaud, it could
only be ascertained (for any piwticil purpose) by
a suit He did not protend to "ay « no was respon-
sible for ¡he loss the Government hud sustaired
Somebody certainly was, and tuit ought to have
been instituted long ago. It mi¡n¡t be írstitufeu
now; and it would be the best way to ascertain
whether fraud had been committed. He should
have preferred an amendment directing the inquiry
to be made by the dutnet attorney. He was op-
posed to sending a committee to Boston, as it
would be attended with considerable expense, m'h-
out accomplishing any practical good. So far as
he had learned, the whole matter was at an end.
The Government had sus'ained a loss; and, unless
jt could make out the whole case of fraud, the rem-
edy was gone.
Mr. H concluded by spying he wai "i favor of
making the inquiry in any form. He would not
oppose it, but would aid it in anj way t>ut intendm
a committee to Bi item.
After some remniks from Mr SALTONSTALL
in favor of the resolu ion—
Mr. YORKE called for the p'evious quest on,
which was. tecofcded, and the mam question oid< r-
ed; when
Mr. ADAMS ca'led for ihe yea"! a>.d nays on
the mainquts'ion o.) Mr Saunders's ame ídmen',
which were trderrd, and, en taking th in, icsulted
m yeas 1G nays 80, as ( dlo v.,
YEAS—Mc^ri \tlieiton, Hi 1 >n, líid'n i IÍ irk fiownt-,
Boyd, llrittntei, 1 V Hit wri, I'd! in 1* i w ( uihsliowi
iimke, YVm I.nlhr Wil Mm () lulu (.Ren \\ ( ulwill,
I'ltrnkl Lililwill lolni ( ui| li il I u illie ,(, scy, Clop
«Mil, < lirtoi I,Clio "ii, Inks Ci ivtn Í iu-i iltnut, Kichud
D Davis, Pew, 1  bony IK in 11"? I i-uiwn i _,l>eif,
Ferris, I e&Pcri leu I ihn tí Hojd ChmMV II \fl 1( mi e,
Thomas 1 l obtei, fcleiry (,idling (.¡linei to; m, UniaO
Ciooiie, 0\vni,Mla¡>enli itn,IUrn )m> H mnr ,lliy ,ifolnes,
Hopkini, Itoi i k II iic-ton, lluluid Ilnitii, funis Jivm,
Wrn. VV Irwin t iv( Tohnsnn T ihn \\ 1 in, Ip\ui li ilr-
field, Lowel, Aurihani Mi ( li II in, Mi hty M lyeou, Mil
loiy, Muhioi, Mulicws, Mfdill Jnlli i,MuUi i,Mnn IVw
hard Olivei, Parmi.nter, Putrid e, P yue Picmv' Hun n,
Proiht, ltimsey, Reditu', Kiyn >1 b Hit,  Ro > evil,-.muml,
Saunders, Shaw.Snydor, npii  , atrr-mod, t-v\u cy, Tohn 11
Thompseo Vtnikrwool, Wattei,on, VVetlei, lures W Wil
liams and Wood—96
NAY->—MtbEri   Ad ims Allen, I.-imUfl W  An Irews, Ar
nold,  Ayrru', Bilnort, Bikoi, Bumid,   ¡(a wjc,   Blair,
Boardmin   Hull   lltnrkway, Bronson, fcicmi h Blown, Hiu
nell,    Wil lam It  Campbell, 1 homa-.  I   ( jmi>bcll   ( inkU,
Chittenden,  I ihn C   Wirk, ( jvvei  1 l ms oí   1 rtus   O-u'
lett Dtvi , Fv^t tt    I dim  it   A   ) iwienee I   ser, (.,'lllble
Gr.ihim   '.t i _>ei   Mil   IM 'e I, \\ in  «,   (lis ii s, Hu l on!
Hunt, f   R In ti oil   ) dm I' lyennidy Km" Mirnin Mn  ,
Mittock«, MimhII     Meii\  fi cr, Wii-Hl   ^loilnv, Owelty
Pierre Pendlciin   Pi e   lit junin il i   1       M -í  -i I f  II t '
dali, Rayner, Kii'giv iv, Rod u y W n ¡in s I    1 inn   \r Itu
sell, Saltor   all, bhcppi id   shell'     Iinnt    ->mit     btjniy,
Stnkely St atton   lo'n T   ■Muait, It    V\   In   ¡i, s    ,111   |i
hist, loland, IVnlinsjn, inpl tt, i m Hi i n \\          > wi
ren, Washington, EdwaiJ D   White, I li >    i   W   i\ Ihdins
Chnstop'ier 11 Williams, Tt irke, ant) J din 1 jt nj _f,0           '
Mr. VAN BUREN moved to lay ihe whole sub-
ject on the table: ne^ütiveJ.
The res dution, as amende'', was !¡> n adopted.
Mr   HALSÍED, 1-om the Comm>ttee rf E tc-
iions, made a resolui m and repo tfrim th it com-
mittee in relation to the oon'estcd clec'iou m Flor-
ida: ordered to be printed
Mr MORGAN w shed to off=r a r -.olution to
provide for the intrtdi c ion of new <p (¡mc-y in
the case of said con'esteJ elpfiion- Out
Mr   0. JOHNSON objected, and a mo'ion to
suspend the rules u as negatived.
ARMY BILL
Oa motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the Howe re-
CONGRESSIONAL &LOm.
solved itself into the\Cammittee of the Whole
(Mr Underwood ra ihichair) on the bitt makmg
appropriations for the s*port of the arftty and the
mih'ary academy for thlyear 1842   -■
Mr. K0O3EVELT (|y leave of Mr. Cush-
inh, who.had the floor) áfFered an amendment, to
be inserted m lieu of the Vproviso^ffered by Mr.
McKay. Mr. McKiY's|piopt^i ion was as fol-
low :                              I      J
"Provided, That the rewuililff s#rice shall cease until the
numbei of non commissioned ofgerfs and purates in the va
nous companies of the seveial aWtlery and infantry regiments
shall be reduced, hy death, expiration of terra of service, and
such discharges as the President may fiom time to time direct,
to die number fixed by the act entitled 'An act to reduce and
fH the military establis ment of the li-iitcd Saw' appioved
M uch2 18\>!, And, provided fuuher, Tnat no part of this
appiopnauon shall be applied aitei the 30 h September next,
to the payment of the regiment ot drngtona established and
author /' a by the act of 23Ú Ma', 1SJ6 "
M- ROO^VELT proposed So s'nke ou' ail af-
ter the word provided, and m ert Ihe following:
"Tnatro pait o{ this apor ipua'ion bhtll be applied towards
the payment of ofiireis and soldiers beyond ttie numbei now
actually employed in the service of the United States army "
Mr. A siid he was induced to offer thuby way
of compróme , in iht hops of rneetirg the vwvs
of a h aj iniy of tne members.
Mr. GUSHING then took 'he flsor. He sa d
Ihe question under debata not only related to
whether we should reduce the army, but it had be-
come a>sociated vi h the question of reducing the
navy; and the issue now was, whether «e shou'd
reduce, in a very great degree, the defences of ihe
couniry, by sea and land. He feared he shou'd
not be able to change the purposes of ¡>ny member.
Indeed, 'he Ho --e bad mamfes'ed a disposition to
curial expenditure, wh ch it wuld be difficult to
resist It was, however, his duty to say what he
had to say in deft nee of ihe military defoces of
the cou it-v, and n ?ni>wtr to what had al.ealy
bren di clawed in deba'e.
It was \ery properly sugges ed by the honoiab'e
cha rman of Ways and Keans that ibis piops i-
tion to reduce the army did not come from anv of
thedeparimonts of the Government. Tne Secretary
of War and the Commandei m chiff, (Gen. Scott,)
si fai froii recommending any reduction, had ac tS-
a!ly recomraended an increase from fourteen regi-
ments, ,is at piesen', to sixteen. Gep Sectt tad
examined ihe details of the ••rrvice v lth exceeding
minu'i ncs , embracing m his report a satvty of
the mtu'pry posts and the extensive frontier of our
cmntry, which so stionijy cUel fjr pntectioo.
These view's 100, (bus expressed ¡s D rembtr lact,
h-,d h- en ccnti mel by a 'otlci from the S-^cieUry
of War o i ¡be 15th A ^rd, in reply to a lesoln ion
of th Sen te, inquinrg whether or nrt t, e skpc?
could net te cfieiled cf s^me of is expends.
Added to th \ not inly had no b'-mc'i of tr-e Gov-
Eintii nt reo< miren l d i udiiei on, but ihe p - per
co 'Oiit'ee o' the Hoti^e of Representative*, uhose
numbeis were re'ecte 1 utith a vie j to Ih ir ac
qjdiitapce wi'h hesuhjen thov bad under the r
cons' eiaiioii, hrd al-eady 'eel*rid, through ¡no
gentleman irom Ohio, lLat n> deerease could be
made ir the army consistently with the public in-
terests.
In regard to th" íeduetion of the navy, that was
a measure vnieb had been determined upon by trie
House in a bastv, precipitate manner, and not by
a>,y btanch of the Government. Thus these two I
branches ot the puohc serviee «ere both proposed
to be cut do-vn, con lary to lie eo pbiix-d advice of
the d pait^enísand the Com.n '¡ees on Naval and
Mi'nar, Affa r.—their fate decided by apro-iso
f> the appropna'-on bill, a  the e!< quent gentleman
'rom South Carolina [Mr. Holme-.] had leimed it, m
a manner il' considered, ^nd such as precluded due
del b'ration. Was ¡here pny reason for ihe pro-
posed reduction' The een-i"m n from Ten-
nessee [Mr. W, B CampbfixI "a.d i  wrs- itp^s i-
b'e to mtrc'uce aiiy measure of rerorm unless in
Cimoi'ite  of (he Whole upon an appropnauon
bill. V/iSitso-! Cioid notthe House, at any
time, order one of its standing tommitlees to bnr t
m any measure ■• h ch it thou?ht coper ? C< u'd
not tbe Commi'tee cr. Military Affan ir roduce
any mea u.e, since it hid the vrhoie iub] ct undei
consideration % The gem'eman hua-elf was a
member of that comnittee, and, as a member, bad
the right to introduce any proposition for us action.
The committee always had it in their power to
p ace information before the House, as a prerequi-
site for deliberate consideration. It -vas necessary
that subjects should pass through committees of the
House, in order to ensure due deliberation; and,
therefore, the ruics of the House wisely required
that appropriation b'lls should bi what they pur-
ported—bid's to satisfy existing laws, and not to
embrace general legis'aUun, and the whole scope
of subjects confided to the care of Congress.
The first inquiry was, whether the present was
the proper time to reduce the defences of the coun-
try? Was n not an ill chosen moment to agiiate
such a me sua? He would say now, a3 be had
sa d daring the debate on tbe navy bill, that he had
no dcsir  tó raiseAWfr panic. If be were discussing
the question of enfiwp jn#our army, then it would be
jt per lo inquire woe her there would be war or
not. If he loought therü would be war, he should
advoca'e a very large augm ntaii n oí the existing
forces of ihe country. Bat he o.id not feel it to be
his duty to raise the question now, although on.
foim^r occasions when supplies and augmellta.'i°ns
to Ihe army ard navy ha I been voted,such questions
had been raised, in order to induce members to vote
the neces ¿ry apprnpuit-ons. If he could not in-
duce rational mit Js to believe that this reduction in
the defence? of the cwntrv would be unwise, with-
out placing befoi¿ (hem the delusion, that there was
to be a war, he did not desire to prevent a reduc-
tion.
What were in" facts? The Uriíed Sta es were
now engaged in a controversy with Mexico; and
he mus' be a s^ume man who would undertake
to say that it would be speeddy kcided. He did
not say it would lead to war. Bu* any one who
imagined that t1-* c'ai"ns against Mtiico would
be paid without some menace on our part, must be
sanguine n'ee . [1 v re- "They are but two
and a half mtiiuns."] The gen'Uman from New
Yorksaid they wt>e fat two fnd p half millions.
True, bat lint f-g-rist a bankrup' Government.
Gent erne", too, should recollect that all the claims
had not been icjudiCiited. A gentleman near him
sa'd, let us pay them. Let the gentleman intro.
duce a bill for the purpose. It might pa^  or not.
But the'e "-as a high r object to be attained than.
tbe mere s-atisfcctmn of tb-se eiaiman's. The
honor oí <ni" country was to be preserved untar-
ni bed. He t'^u¡r¡ t that the oh motto of 1798,
' Miibons fir defence, not a cei' ior tribute," had
su'k in'o evs.y K r; and no one would now think
of depar ing from i'.
There were thre  questions wth Great Britain
respecting our boundary 'mes, which jet remained
unsett ed—oai Northeastern boundary m Mame—
our Northern boundarj on Like Superior—and our
Northwc^ern hoandjry, in the tcritrry beyond
th  Rocky Mountains There uere three oth°r
questions yet open between us and that Govern-
ment the ea es of the Caroline, ihe Creole, and
from s x to twelve esses of seizure upon the coast
of Afr ca, for (he believed fal el} ) alleged yi ia-
t'ons of the treaty re p-cting ibe Uve-lrade; and,
added to th se, tl ere weie two otner questions, one
the gr at mati'ime quesll0n cf the l.beny of the
se«ts_a qu 6ti<n ibeihrr the En l sh Parliament
eou'd direct < in '¡urs to be boarded and searched,
or whether ^° fi epo v. r —[\ voice ' But four."]
of Eu one cot: u force t,s to ^ebrait to Iheir po'ice.
The o her cn sii'u nvs, roan cte 1 v\iih ihe com-
mercal íe'ations rf  ihe t o countries.
There irus row here \ nmister, special and
extraordi-sr}, carged wiih Ihe negotiation of the
existing d Tic ill e^ between ihe two Governments.
He entreated ue c mmi'tee to consider the specta-
cle wh.ch they were exbibn.ng to that minister —
Congres d-iurbel by domestic discensions_óur
enejg.es paralyzed—not a few of ihe S'ales m a
^tateof barkup c}~and theNa<ioinl Government
it elf almo t *t a star-!, owmg to the unreadiness
(he would "oi say lefusctl) of Congr, ^ to provide
the means for carryi 'g it on From that spectacle
^Qr! Ashburton might chs' his c\e across the At-
Ifniic, and see, m contrast w.ih the United States
and ihe-r pab'ic "ervanii, S,r Robert Peel coming
forward, m a fnnk, statesman-like manner, and,
«mead of pror. ,Mg to disturb or dimmish the
