CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   *    Sis
kütitih                               ' '     - ■- ■—' n .1 it       iff ..un.......f., i r.....n    ,.-                     ------------------------,------------------------                                                                                                                                       ........m' '■.......                                                                 .i
army, recommending the increase called for by the
times,—and this, too, when there is an annual deficit
of two millions sterling Nor did he propose to
resort to any temporary shifting expedients, but
brought forward a proposition to supply ibe defi-
ciency by a tax upon all the propeity in the kingdom
We in this country, instead of imposing such a tax
as is requisite to meet the wants of the country, ar 
not only debating about dissolving our army, but,
more than that—hesitating whether we shall disband
our Government' Wha' mast be the effect of this
state of things on the mind of Lord Ashburtor>'
He did not mean the effect on paper, but the ef-
fect upon the disposition of him and Lord Aber-
deen in conducting the negó íation. The questions
with them would be, How far could England carry
out the ground she assumed? how far would the
United States be able to sustain the claims which
they advanced in open conflict? Would we be in
a condition to attain our demands? Should we
disarm ourselves—throwing ourselves upon the
mercy of England for such terms as she might
prescribe? He thought if we wished others to
respect us, we must first respect ourselves
War was improbable at present The ques ion
was, whether we would not, by our procrastmauon
and humiliating condition, bring about a state of
things worse than war' He (Mr C ) desired (he
people of the Uni ed States to know that, if they
failed in their negotiations and demands, it would
not be because they were unjust, nor because of
any want of zeal on the part of the Administration,
but on account of the hot haste of Congress to cut
down the army and navy, and deprive the country
of its defences.
Mr. C then went on to show the necessity of a
standing army m time of peace, for protectirg the
frontiers of the country, manning i's forts, gu?rding
its harbors, and keeping up a «ys em ot police n
the Indian tern o-y He continued for some time,
but, owing to the early hour of gomg to press,
though notes were taken, the remainder of hio re
marks could not be prepared in lime.
Mr. GILMER then obtained the floor He had
listened attentively to the lem&'-ks of his friend
from Massachusetts, and concurred in muc.i of
what he said, yet could not agree with him in the
deductions to which he' had come. He did not
eonsider that retrenchment and reform would rum
the country. On the contrary, it wonld renovate
and recreate the whole Government It was mere-
ly proposed to lop off the abuser whi^h bad giown
up nndera long system of irdi¡lg°nce, and thereby
renew the confidence of the people in their own
Government It was not proposed to cut down the
tree of liberty or law, but merely to depave it of
its useless branches, not.cuttmgtt up by t'-'e root, but
letting it flourish w th more vigor, so that tae peo-
ple might restsecutely and contentedly under their
own vine and fig tree Tne apprehensions of the
gentleman were groundless. Even the ekquence
of the gentleman—the Doetry which he had quo ed,
to wain tbe House of the danger of reducu g our
army—the instance of the royal victim reduced by
his own folly—had not convinced him that reform
and retrenchment was improper
He had paid particular attenuoa to the remarks
of the gentleman concerning the foreign relations
of our country. He had an anxiety to know
whether he possessed any information about tne
danger of war b°mg over. In answer to «hat he
heard, he would say, for h mse f, that whatever
might be the political complexion of that House or
the Administration, whenever it became a question
of war, it was settled with Irm. The gentleman's
argument, however, implied that those who sought
the reduction of the army would be opposed to tne
defences of the country in time oí war. He met
this as a peace question , and even the gentleman
himself had not argued that were wou'd be war,
either with Mexico or Englan 1 Fo' lowing up the
concessions of the gentleman on this point, he
would refer to wnat he had said m relation to our
claims upon Mexico. He admitted they were
large. The gentleman from JVassachusetts, how-
ever, said, though there would bs no war, we
should have to menace the Mexicans Did be
propose\o march our army of 12 000 men through
Texas, across the Rio Grande, to the capital of the
Montezumas? He imagined not The gentle-
man was too good a soldier and too practical a
statesman for that. He wou'd resort to the navv.
One steamer from it, (contended Mr. G ) would be
sufficient to bring the Mexicans to terms. Either
the Missouri or the Missi sippi, which lay within gun
shot of the Capitol, wonld do it. Mexico' A power
that was now calling on us for arms to assist her
id her battles ' The most imb'eile, impotent, vud
weakest of al! powers' The Government <jf toe
United States might iOt give itself any uneasiness
on the score of a difficulty with Mexico
Tae gentleman had alluded to England, snd tbe
questions under neaotiation with tha' Govern-
ment Tru", it was a power more form dable
than Mex co—a power whose s rong arm reached
to every quarter of the earth, but it was one which
would not bs provoked to a war with the United
States for any slight or tnviil causes. The gen le-
mán had enumerated six questions as dividing the
two countries—hree concerning the b"ii"c>ry
lines, and three affect ng the honor of our country
He could tell htm that England would look well
at home ere she engaged in a war w th us Ash-
burton, Peel, and Aberdeen would look fiere, and
ponder long and well before thev took a s ep
which wou'd lead to a war with the United Siatts
The British Government was wiser than to do so
What was the condition of Englard1* Tern to
pieces by her own domestic dis leu-. or>% she was
in the worst pos íble state fir w«. The elcmen s
of di sension were at work within her limt<«, the
spirit of liberty was advancing, and it wonld be
difficult to ke°p her socal fabric in its present
sta'e, wailst her ^armies were with>avn, and tie
s'iensih of her military and naval torcas emplujed
in fighting r"T battles upon foreign shores
The Horn rabie gen lemaa argued tnat the ¡eas-
ing politicians of EngUnd would look well to her
domestic condition, before they engaged n a v ar
w< n this or any othe' countr>, and from th s je
turned to a view ot comm rce—a peaceful nter-
change of coram >tce—as tne in erest ot both, and
the great preservative oi the amicable relations of
both. But, if ' gnm-visaged war" should cune,
what wru'd be an army of 12,000 men'—and the
rank and file of the American arm) was no m re
In such an event, the mi íua of tie States must Le
our re ¡anee, and, if this were true in war, no
good r ason ex sted for the mamtenanc ol a large
¡jtondirg army in time ot p ac Whifa the mili-
tia were so stcll prepared 'o defend tne couetiy,
tie Government coidd econom rims araj, and,
n tnithnandinsr, the of renewed s ertion ''at we
are ill prepared for war, he ven u^ed to afS'si t at
this country wa^ nev^r in a bet er po it en since
the organization oí its Go/emmeiu lb.  r ll-
roads and steam nav ga'ion of the coun ry afljr -
ed facilities which w¡.re not possessed in the t ar
ef th" Revoluti >n, and now, with ih«ir as^^anc ,
wir would be both a draper snd a speedier oper-
ation Tot sum of $20 had bee-i ih  pne* of
transporta ion of a barrel of flour forthetsetf
the army no") New Yak to BaflUl", cut no • a
troop oí soldiers coula m tiai spurted tor bcu hit e
more
Mr CALHOUN ••era rea, <-el he g nil n-n
frtra Vi gmia to gi/e My foi .imo.cn An )_
commi tense, to whicn >.e < e- tí, uaqairoir
not voting, 'he coirmi .ee >o e, and rtpoued ha.
fact to th  House.
Mr   ARBOLO  then  mo-ved an adjournment,
which was n'ced to, ? id
The Hotse a^jouriW.
IN SENATE
Fridat, May 27 1843
Mi CRITTEVDEN 'aid he observe-1 by the
pape i of this monairg thai he was repv-'ed a< bav-
ins proposed lo nil the blink in the appo-ttonrre it
bill with the number of 70,000. He srqiired of
the Cieik \ hethci the j m ral staiecl that a-- a f^c .
The Ciern having rtp' ed in 'he nega'ive—-
Mi C. remarked to. J. it was mcoaec He made
no sue1, motio .
Mr. TALLM\DGE p es n"-d a memonal from
Boshes er, New York, numerously signed bv bust
ness men of all parties Tne/ pray C-ngress to
pass such a tariff of duties as will afford ample
revenue for the support of the Government, and, at
the same time, that there be such discr tarnation as
will give adequate protection to home industry.
The petitioners also pray that Congress will pass
the bill reported by the select committee—the ex-
chequer plan—to restore the currency to uniformity.
So much ot the memorial as related to the tariff
was referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr SMITH presented additional documents in
■support of the claim of Major General Duportail;
which were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, who have charge of the bill from
the Hon e to satisfy the claim
Mr BUCHANAN frese«-'ed the memorial of a
number of importers and dealers in wa'ches, jew-
elry, and precious stone*, in Pnilalelphia. They
state that the duties are now so high on such ar-
« cles as to produce a great deal of smuggling.
They a* that the tariff may be so altered that
wa ches may pay a duty on heme valuation, or a
specific duty, and that thera'e on jewelry may not
exceed ten per cent , and on unset diamonds, one
per cent, snd on precous stones, fif'een percent.
Mr B remarked that there were some inieres ting
calculations in the memorial, and therefore, on his
motion, it wat referred to the Committee on Man-
ufae'ures, and ordered to be printed.
Mr B also presented a memorial from Philadel-
phia county, Pennsylvania, asking that such a tar- v
iff of duties be imposed as will enable the domes-
tic manufacturers of this country to compete with
foreign manufac'urero referred to the Committee
on Manufac urcs
Mr CONRAD, from the Commit ee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
O M nx Shields, Turner snd Renshaw, Glsnd/
Burke, Ed ard Yorke, and Edward Ogden, and
their h>gal rep-esematives , which was read, and
ordered to a second reading
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had b^en referred the petition of
A H Keeran and C. D Hammond, suretrs of
D B ¡ton late postmaster at Mil'edge/ille, Geor-
gia, prajing to be released from their oohgation as
sureties, reported a bill foi their relief, wh.cn was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr LINN,
Eesolied, Thittheie be tia-wi ltted to the Secretaries of the
States and 1 eimories in which the oubhc lands are situated,
ttuee copie  of the docuraen s in le alien o the public land*,
hriaof re| nnled byo.derof theSenate m 1 now on hand, in
hve volume- oneof vvh ch to bedei twit d witt ihe Governor,
and one \vi h eacl branch o th  legislature of the said States
and Territories rr pixuvely
Mr CONKAD, on Wve, introduced a bill for
the rel ef of J R Vienne, of New Orlti"S which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
C'aim".
Mr EVANS, f-om the Commi'tee on Finance,
to which had been rctered Hou-.e bill making ap-
propriation^ for the ".aval ^rviee for the year 1842,
r~pdi|ed the san hadnvi'h .unendn ents, oneof
\vh c'i g es to s r kJ out the proví o m the bill, that
no porti n of the app'opnativ-P f~r th^ pay of orn-
een, á,', shaii be aop led to offices created after
tin  ¿ate.
On "io! on -f M-. STURGEON, the Senate
pr c fdei to ta eon^id'ra ion, as m comaiitte\of
t1 e vh lo, of                                                     '   ,
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL          ^
Tpe qu^tion ptndmg was on concurring m tht|
rem m.ng aaund-nents of ¡he JaJicitry Committee,*
proposing to strike out that poiion of the b 11
mtking it obligatory on the fe ate  to adopt the
district system of repiesenta ion, each district to
be composed of contiguous temtoi), an \ to return
bat one Repre entatue, ani to subs uute a provi-
sion, leaving i op'ioml with the S ates !o adopt
eit"rr the district or general-ticket system, but re-
taining that poruon requ.nng that the districts shall
K of con lgooui, err to-y, tending one Represent-
at /o, if the distr C system should be preferred;
P d he ou->t on immediately pending was the
nu neious propositions to fill the blank in the bill
with a proper number to constitute the ratio
Mr Mc*iOBERTS said he had made the mo-
tion yesterday to fill the blank w th 68 000,
from the eoaviction that that nujiba would give a
House sufficiently larg" for all g-wd purooscs, for
the transaction of the business of ih' country with
de-patch.   It would give a number of members a-
