544
CO&GRES&IOMAL GLOBE-
small, he believed) as the House would be disposed
to accede to. On looking over the table prepared
for Congress, he found that this number (of the
highest numbers) would leave the smallest frac-
tions to the small States The ratio of 68,000
would give a House of 224 members, if the propo-
sition to lepresent fractions, by giving such States
as have a fraction of more than a motety of the
ratio one additional member, be not adhered to If
it should be adhered to, it will increase than num-
ber very little. Judging from the concurrent tes-
timsny of those Senators who were members
of the other House when that body was much
smaller, he was under the impression that much
greater despatch in the discharge of the public
business would be obtained by a Hou^e of a less
number than that body is even now composed of.
He was in favor of a ratio of 68 000 in prefer-
ence to all other"., became it would reach two im-
portant objects- one, that of leaving the smal'esi
unrepresented fraction, and the other, that it would
reduce the number of members to 224—a number
which, according to concurrent testimony, would
be more efficient for the deopatch of budines  than
a larger number. It was, therefore, better than
the present number, as it was a reduced number
He reviewed the arguments yesterday offered in
support of a large number of Represen'atites,
founded on the assumption that th* glory and great-
ness of England were due to the action of it* House
of Commons. The elements of the greatness of
that nation were to be found in its Anglo Saxon
race—a race destined to the highest eUvation in
human institutions and civilization, in spue of al(
restraints of legislation, however cunningly devised
by self-privileged cbsses. He contended that the
broadest representation of the people of England
was nothing íu comparison to the amount of repre-
sentation enjoyed in the United States, where al-
most every coun'y, if not fully very county in
twenty-six sovereign 8'ates, has us represent tive
in its own State Legwa are, and a! o its participa
tion in the representation oí the National Legpia-
ture.
With regard to the prmcple by which gentlemen
in both Houses stem now disposed to act, that no
Slate shall lose a member in any new apporiion-
ment, tie wou.d «ay that this woull be a dici ¡on
that every ten years tne number of Repie entativis
ihall be increased in the ratio of the increase of
papulation. And where would the principle end?
I'l another halt cen ury the number wot  Id be
twe'v; or thirteen hu dred—it would, at ¡east,
largely exceed a tnousand He wou d voto for no
smaller íatio than 68,000, as long as it was possi-
ble to obtain a majority for a reduction of the
present number.
Mr BSNTON was of opinion that it was  a
vain attempt on the part of the Serate to dictate to
the House in this  matter.   The Rouse had duly
weighed and considered the ratio bc< t su Jld to lit,
wishes and conformation     He tboi'°ht this was
not like a bill of ordinary legislation, which  the
Senate might reject without any irterruption to the
machinery of Government.   To reject 'uch a b 11
as this, and suspend all action on it, would be to
dissolve the Government itself     It ,s a contest m
which ihe Sona'e ought not to eigage.   It would
be suffie em to confine its attention io the perfecting
of the bill n itsdnaijv lesvin-* ihe general princi-
ple? and mam propositions  untouched      If the
Senate   were   to   engage   m   any   eonte-t    witi
the   Hou*e  in   a   matter of this k.tij, it would
be sure to come 'o the   wah    What rre the ob-
jections   to   a   large   popjlar    re pre en ation n
They are but two.   First, that a large number of
Representatives makes an irresponsible body, and,
next, that it becomes incapable of transacting bu i
ness    The  theory in  tí is rc-pect m ght be very
beautiful in idea—very beautiful, indeed, 'o see a
few individuals transactm* bus ness rapidly, aad
without much ne d oí deliberation    But th s tuu ry
might be pursued until a population pr gresstve'y
increasing till u filled reg oís thousands of miles
apart should be represented bv so sm-sil a bind as
to lose all the elements of Rep>-eseniauvc -
He was m fa/or of the larges p>acticabie rep
resentation, because it was the on y way to have
«*e popular will reflected, but mote particularly
because the history of the world had shown that
a numerous representative body is the only safe
guard of public liberty. He referred to the ex
penence oí France, in its transfer ot government
from a republican form to an imperial form. It
was b/ Bonaparte'  influence, first, over the smal
ler body, the Council of Ancients, when he was
First Consul, that he was enabled to make his
rapid strides to imperial power His language
was_" Why should a hundred men be talkng
about laws; they can do noftrrg but gabble " It
was hi  policy to reduce the legislative bodies till
he got each of them under 100, and then there was
'not a voice raised for pub ic liter'y. Fe had
complete control over all A body of 500 men
was ¡oj strong for him; they whipped htm wi h
the intellectual power vhich ihey possessed; but
he succeeded m getting them down to 300, and
tben, by degrees, inl he could ted them tney had
notfing to say to lass— hey could do nothing but
gabble Not only i, liberty nure sa^e in a norne-
rousrepiesemator', but ..o is purity Tas diffi-
culties of corruption are increased wifi the increase
of numbers, A large body is ¡he safest for the
people— he safest for liberty—the least opm to
corrupticn.
As to the idea that personal col is on-t and dts-
giaceful scenes, arising out of ihe exct eaent of de-
bate, must be moie frequent in numerous bodies
than in, smni1. it was an assumption wuhoatfound-
ation. Differences of opinion pervade small bod-
ies as well as large The-e can be no deduction
of rumbers winch Kill ?void this, nor was i' al-
ways necessary o~ desirable to do it. Reduc  ihe
number to t-vo men, a"dtheyirav differ, if tfpy
do, they are more liable to prove írreconcdaj e
than a numerous body w< uld be The esperance
of ¡nank.nd bad pr ved thi-s
He next reviewed the du'i^ of fe House of
Representatives He showe i that us responsib''i-
ties meea-ed w th the mcease of popu'c ion, A
strikirg instance wi uld bs found m th" probabi' ty
that beieaf ei, more fieque) iv than hitherto, fat
Hocse Would be called upon to decide Presider t a1
chctjons In suci a respor" jiuty, none woull
contend lhat t ¡ere was not more safety in a ve y
numerous representation than n ? verj >-rpE>u ore
A corJii  as nopulaaon mc cas -., n t^e nature of
things, the number o<* dwmsui hed eifzers ui ' be
gre¡t«i,rnd viifli ncoof fames'ocrrffe no ri
maiiops to given Im,-, les- . Toi« wn! produce
Such a staii of tilings i1!- !, in all p>-obabi!ity, r>; I
one cndioa'e can have the m^jon y for election re-
quired by t ie Cons ltnt en In such event, the ie-
sponstbiltty of choosing from ihe candidates de-
volves udi n ¡he House o' Representatives.
He adv^red !o the practice of ihe House of-
Commons, w^ere 'orty or fifty members compose
the bu mess patt of the body. H  called the atten-
tion of (he Senate to the f?ct, that, in the debates of
the Heu € of Commons, ihe propo Hon of speech-
es made jy the m=n who do tie busings, contra t-
ed with th* portica rfJe Ly tho«e who do or effect
nethmg but talk, i> but a orop of water in the
bucket compared to ths whole. These spe^cn
makers, however, were only to'erat'd when they
c-^uld distinguish them elves forsome sinking qua'i-
tie*. In a fu'l a-seirb y of the Hous , they coul I
not hold out a quarierof an hour, i( the} bad not
something to ¿ay worth l,steni->g to, for th°y would I
soon receive uneq uvoc-il 'ndica uns in1" their own
vani>y or Hiai ce oq he c artesy of tp>-ir hearets
would not gam th^m a heann 
It the same way, there would be moie business,
and le s waste of time in unprofitable speakiriff, if
the House of Rep"euent3tií'ei n re 'vas com o ed
of a number sufficiently large to a unit of discnm-
mirion
He was im f«vor of the tatio proposed b/ the
Hou e   He ttiPr-ef ie would mo^e to insert 50,000
Mr ARCHER CMceiveu that the very ta e-
ment of ih  p'oposiinn, wn" her a srrnll aid se' -ct
body v^as belter calciitated to pioduee delibetsti^n
and ceriíint/ m ill" despatch of bu ¡ness, inan a
numerous and crowded assemb'o, contaire' in
itself the most eorclusi/e argum°it 11 the aflirm-
a ive. B fore ha entered nto an/ further area
meni than tiat contained m the conclasun which
¡essiltfd from this statement of the proposition, he
would refer to a doctrine just used by ihe Senator
from Missouri, which struck him with surprise; it
was, thAt it was improper for the Senate to inter-
fe'e with the declaim of the House itself, as to the
ratio proper to organize its own body. This was a
doctrine which he decried as subversive of the
principles of this Government. On this point Mr A.
dwelt for some time, after whrh, he referred to an
argument of the Senator from SüUth Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] yesterday, with which he concurred—
that to increase the number of Representatives
would be the surest means of rendering Congress-
ional sessions continuous. He also referred to
the action of tie present House of Represent-
atives, admitting that it contained as large an
amount of talent as ever belonged to an> rep-
resentative body, but, looking to the effect of a
large number, he asked wha' bad been witnessed
s,nce that body had beci rr  so numerous? Was it
not seen that bl's of the most vital national inter-
est, on the propr ety of which there could be no
such doubt as to require inconvenient delay, were
obstructed, detainee., and thwarttd by interminable
debates and comentions, which could not be arrest-
ed, till, m despan of all reason beirg influential,
the coercion of rules to terminate and shut oif all
discussion at a given hour, had to be resorted to,
or the Government m gnt go down before legisla-
tion cculd be induced to relieve if* Had it not be-
come a public spectacle, to witre's the disorders of
that body? Wa« not the report of an expected affray
sufficient to crowd ihe galleries frosa day to day?
In reference to ihe necessity of ha' ing an lire-
Msable ev denceof fe popular wi'l in the popular
branch, to control at d ovrrr d" the uther branches
o i'je Government, elected Lj he san e constituen-
cy, it gr eve! huí to h^a1" the enctrin*!  promulga-
ted by h s hono-so e friend the Senator from Ken-
tuckv, [M' CniTTE'*DEN ,] grieved him, because
they led to dema?ogjis-"—but wh ch he would not
cail demagogutsm itself, because they emanated
f om him. He wou'd vote against th b" under any
asp ct thst went t incea'c the number of Repre-
se i'aLves, and >"0 ■ d ¿o so wi h the ful! convic-
Uon lha' he w-^uld h?ve the unanimous approba-
ted of the ptofle ot Virgin a He had net met a
man from that Sta e vho was not ready to cry out,
"GroodG"d' Mr íbc^ier, do noi vote for an in-
crease ot tne number of members of the House of
Representan res "
Mr. WRIGHT had but a very few words to say;
and he f\i nJt kno v thst ho v ould have felt dis-
posed to n e at ?11, had it no! been for soma re-
marks vhich lell irom tie hororjtb'e Senator from
Vrgiiit. As far as h>s mere personal opinio 
weit, he wou'd say ¡h?l he thought the House was
tV best judge it«If of the number most likely to
prove effic "in >n constitnnng that body He was
far f'om mear' % to say that it wa< not constitu-
tional for the Senate to interfere. Bu' take ihe
State of Ne « Yori?, w th for'y members in the
other H"us« and two in the Senate- he confessed
that, when he found a large majority of the mem-
bers of that S ote in favor of the increase of the;
members of th  pipular branch, he was disposed to
ask hirnse'f, was not the crobab'li y ve-y great that
tn y sp_,ke the ; n imeM- of t' «f S a<el Wnen the
que tioncsre Siclj the House consist of 242 or
of 306 memb r ' pni that qu stun wn. put to him,
he won d ««iv th^t hi- wojil as soon have the
r tmber 30') as 20, lierce he vct'd easily be m-
P'l'ocei li hi choice by tie prescience "of the
Hoii'-e, it e¡f. T^e prop' su on soade by many
Senators >s, 'o bi' g ba<"k the number to 200. Tbi*
is going ba U twenty jears. ¡t is to cat off 42
member , ili-t of the Horse i'«elf, to add 64-—
mahnga oiif renee tf 106 The ímprac'icab'lity
of th s body be'ig able to influence the House to
recefe from its own proposition to that extent,
coi'd net bit str ke hmi forcib'y, and have some
effeci m de< iding h'S opinion. He woul 1, with his
p esent i npifs ^n^ vote pgainst every proposed
number till tndt n arest to ihe ratio of the House
bill TcAing th  'wenty six numhers pionosed by
th  tríate, the hiehf t would give to N v York 26
memb r>, and 'be lowest—the number proposed by
*Le bill itself—48
Mr. CUTHBERT mq tire 1 whether the Senator
calculated on the representation of fractions?
