BY BLAIR AND RIVES.__________________--------WEEKLY--------_______________PRICE $1 PER SESSION,
am Cong.........2d sbss.                                       Thursday, june 2, 1842.                                          volume íi.—No, 35.
Continued from No. 34,
Mr. WRIGHT said he did not; for he had
strong hopes that proposition would not prevail,
although the Senate had, for the present, decided
in its favor
Mr CALHOUN agreed that if the House had
been unanimous in its adopt on of this ratio, he
would feel unwilling to disturb it. But he did not
find that even those wto voted fer it were entirely
satisfied with their vote From the pailiamentary
rule of beginning with the highest number, and
coming down till some ratio received a majority of
rotes, many had been deprived of a choice He
believed the Senate would be acting wi>h satisfac-
tion to the House, in affording those who did vote
under such disadvantages, for this ratio, an oppor-
tunity of reconsidering their vote
Mr. RIVES had seen, with regret, during this
diicuswon, a disposition to believe that an antago-
nist interest could exi«t between the Senate and
the House of Representatives. If he was influenced
by any motives of jealousy towards, the Hou:>e,
there was no mode he eould coneeive more condu-
cive to paralyze the popular branch of Congress
than by voting to increase its number to that ex-
tent best calculated to render it an unwieldy and
inefficient body On this  subject, the Senate did
not stand in an an'agomst pos tion, but in one of
the most friendly deposit on He had not a doubt
that the House would receive the amtndnvnt of
the Senate as a friendly proposition He wished
to make the other House what the Constitution in-
tended to make it—the representation of the popu-
lar will. The simple question was, whether a large
or small number would constitute the efficiency
and usefulness of the popular branch. In the lan-
guage of Mr. Madison, the effect of increasing
the number may be to give it, in countenance, the
features of a Democratic body, but to give it, in
reality, the heart of an oligarchy. Give thorn, (to
use the language of Mr Madison,) a sufficient
number to make them feel their consequence and
authority m the Government, give them a ssffl-
cient number to reflect the popular voice—a num-
ber sufficient to accomplish the.r duties—and you
do that which the Constitution requires.
Whatever evils had grown up with respect to
the transaction of business in the other House, ex
penence had sho-vn, resulted from the increase i f
the number of Representatives, and the on'y remedy
was, to revert back to the numb r which existed
before tbe last increase, and before these disoiders
began.
He next adverted to the opinions of Mr. Madi-
son, as to the utmost limit to which the represent-
ative branch should be extended He conceived
the Senator from Missouri had been grea'Iy mis-
taken in his idea that Mr. Madison was in favor of
the number being five hundred. The Senator was
equally mistaken in the deductions he had drawn
from tbe steps taken by Napoleon Bonaparte to
reach imperial power, by obtaining an influence
over the Council of Ancients That council was
not a popular body—tha members of it had no con-
stituents He mutt be a visionary who can ima-
gine that, m this country, 242 members of the other
House, and 52 Senates in this body, standing in
their conspicuous position, with such an immense
constituency at their b?cks, -o whom they are ac-
countable for every action and word, can be cor
rupted, or can be induced, by any Bonaparte or
Cromwell, to betray thaw tr jst. Such ih.ngs a  had
occurred in ohercjunnes under circumstances
that never can occur in th s country, may be food
for the speculations of vis onari°s, but --e not cal
culated to produce an effect on persons who have
a correct conception of our institutions and popu-
lar frame of Government
He denied the existence of the analogy supposed
by some gentlemen between the House of Com
mons and the House of Representatives The s,stera
of legislation in England was essentially different
from that of this country.   Almost all the acts
growing out of the duties ef Government there,
originate with the ministry; and the legislative
branches have but to give their absent, or deny it.
It is only on great occasions that the poh'ical
actors in the" game are called up by the ministry
to vote Hence it was that Burke said the House
of Commons was no constituent part of the Gov-
ernment, but a mere jury, called out for special
occasions; which duty being performed, the magis-
trate sank into the citizen, and the members of
that body fell back into the mass of the peop'e.
Such, according to Burke's opinion, was the only
legitimate function of the Hou^e of Commons He
next «bowed the standing of the Chamber of Dep-
uties in France; and asked, could any Senator of
this country contend, with propriety, that there was
any real analogv between the representative body
of France or of Eagland, and the representative
boáy of ibis country?
While giving a more democratic countenance
to the popular branch, it was for the reason that
danger existed of giving it an oligarchical tendency,
that he was opposed to extending the number of
Representative*. But there was a limit of reduc-
tion which could be reached, asd at «h'ch, with
propriety, a pause should be made. That could be
ascertained by a reference to the number which
the experience of this Government bad shown to
be most sa'isfac'ory That, he had no doubt, wai
the number before the last apportionment, which
did not exceed 912 He could hardly trust him-
self to speak of the dissatisfaction which bad been
expressed and felt with regard to the disorders that
have grown out of the last increase of the number
of the House of Representatives. At the close of
the contest* in the popular branch in 1837, he
had heard from one of tbe greatest patriot* of the
country, John Rowan, an emphaUc expression of
his despair at witnessing the tendency of the effects
of that increase of number.
Gentlemen had talked of the turbulence and ex-
citements in the House of Representatives being
but the reflection of popular turbulenc- and excite-
ments among the people. This he denied He
insisted that all the excitements of the country had
originated among the Representatives of the peo-
ple, not among the people themselves; for, in the
midst of their excitements, there was not a mem-
ber of Congress who would not admit that when he
went home among his constituents, he found them
peaceful, industrious, and indisposed to be drawn
into a participation in such excitements
He wished to see the number of Representatives
reduced to that standard which best qualified the
House to perform the duties of its high mission
He wanted to put an end to that sad, that disheart-
ening distrust, which is growing up in the oublic
mind of the American people, as to the permanency
of their institutions. It is not physical power that n>
wanted in legislation it is intellectual and moral
power. He did not wish to see that requisite moral
and intellectual pswer controlled by brute force.
On this subject, as on all others, he thought there
was a safe medium between extremes. H* was
sure safety would be found in a nedium, neither
too high nor too low. That medium he conceived
was about 200
In reference to tbe illustration brought forward
yesterday by the Senator from New Hampshire,
that the experience of4Massachuset s was n favor
of a very larga representative body, he would ad
vert to the fací that the necessiry reduction of that
body to l's present number was an evidence
against tbe illustration He quoted a pas^ge from
m me work treating of tha  MiSj°ct show'  h i
the opinion of the S at  was in favo of 200 mpr r-
ereree  to a lars^r mimoT
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that he ro e to make
a short explanation with regard to the remarks of
the S-nator from Virginia, m referenc  to h s argu
ment based oo the experience of tf>e Legi  ature of
Massachusetts He had but a word to say with
regard to the reduction of the number of Repre-
sentatives m that State • it was a necessary eoa-
sequence of the partition of her territory, and not
because the large number of Representatives had
proved unwieldy or inefficient. But he could
instance the experience of other States- in the
small State of New Hampshire there were 240
members, and no mconvemenee in j|gislation was
experienced from that number.
He referred to Mr Madison's opinions, to show
that it was an essential principle of his doctrine,
that the increase of representation ought to be pro-
portionate with the increase of the constituent
body. If the proportionate increase recognised m
Mr Madison's time had keen carried out ever
since, there would be a very large number of Rep-
resentatives now. For instance, in 1790 there were
65 members apportioned for the House of Repre-
sentatives. That number, in proportion to the
then population, would give 30 6 in proportion to the
piesent population. The apportionment of 100
members in 1792, in like proportion, would give
482 for 1842 This was with a ratio of 33 000;
but if it had been according the Constitution—
30,000—the number in 1792 would have been 110,
whieh, by tne same rule of proportion, would give,
for 1849, 530 memb rs But, instead of such a
rapid rate of increase, the House now only asks
for 306.
Mr RIVES was very glad the Senator from New
Hampshire had called his attention to Mr Madi-
son's opinions He would read a passage from
Mr Madison's, works, to show that he was in favor
of a maximum of 200 Mr. R here read a long:
passage from the work to which he referred.
Mr. CDTHBERT observed that he believed it
was more important that a larger number should
be adopted than one smaller than that of which the
House was now composed. But if he was to have
his choice, he would prefer 64,000, because it was
a ratio which would give 242 members—the same
as the number of the present House.
He believed, upon the question between the
larger and the smaller number, it would be more
prudent to take the larger,—though, if the House
could be brought to consent that their number
should remain the same as it had been for the last
ten years (which would require a ratio of, he be-
lieved, 64 000) it would, in his opinion, be th*
most proper number that coa'd be chosen. If this
debate should proceed, he would hereafter take oc-
casion to express, in as brief a manner as possible,
the opinions which he entertained upon the subject.
He would, at present, content himself with ob-
serving that, with regard to the legislative bodies
in England—between which and those of this coun-
try Senators had instituted a comparison—the rep-
resentative body in that country is now m a state
of transit. that body, under tha operation of what
is called the "Reform Bill," was undergoing a
great change in its character and in its mode of
proceedings What it had been, it is not; and what
it is, it would not be long A revolution much
greater was still to take place If it had for
another century been in operation as now consti-
tu ed, it would have offered an example to be
followed or avoided He would reserve what he
had to say until a future period.
Mr BUCHANAN had waited for some time to
see whether any other gentleman would express an
opmion on what he considered a new doctrine. He
undei stood the Senator from New York to say that
the Senate ousht to be influenced by the decision of
the House m favor of a ratio most consonant to its
own wishes Nuw he held that the Senate was con-
st tutionallv bound to act for itself, t?nd that it was
not to look to the judgment of tbe House for any
l-if] lence as to its own action
Mr WRIGHT interposed, and explained that
wh t he meant was, that so great a difference as
106 members weuld render it impracticable to in-
flux ce the Houve, by a decision of the Senate, to
recede from its own proposition, and that it was
his own individual opinion there was some weight
