CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§4St
Committee oa Military Affairs to move the print-
ing of 5,000 extra copies.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the printing
of an increased number of the report; and, after
a few words from several gentlemen, the motion
was passed over.
At a subsequent period of the day, however, he
withdrew his objection, and the extra number was
ordered
Mr. FILLMORE said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to ask per-
mission to sit during the sitting of the House.
He believed some part of this day would be de-
voted to private business, and probably some suc-
ceeding days of thib and the next week also; and
the committee desned permission to devote them-
selves to the business of the committee on those
days.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the mo-
tion, so as to extend permission to the committee on
the affairs of the D strict ot Columbia to sit during
the sitting of the House to-morrow.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means if he intended
the army bill to pass over to-day.
Mr FILLMORE said he did, so far as he was
concerned.
The permission then asked for was given to the
committees
Mr. COWEN called for the orders of the day—
the private calendar; which he had done previous
ly during the prog"e s of the preceding business.
Mr. BARNARD roce and asked leave to call
up a motion for the printing of an extra number
of the report ot the commissioners, conveying the
result of their investigation of the affairs of the
New York cnstom-house. This motion was some
time since under discussion, and had been pasted
over without being disposed of, and he now desired
it to be cal'ed up and acted upon, because it in-
volved, among other things, the judiciary of the
United States of the city of New York.
After a few words from Mr. CAVE JOHN-
SON, Mr. A. V   BROWN, and others,
Mr. McKAY objected to the motion, and it was
then withdrawn
Mr. MERIWETHER inquired whether there
was not son; e unfinished business on the table—a
motion for the reconsideration of a vote, by which
certain bills which he had reported were commit-
ted to the Committee of the Whole on the «tate of
the Union
Mr. COWEN again earnestly called for the or-
ders ofihe day
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Mer'wether] that ihe gentleman
[Mr Ccshino] wno moved the reconsideration of
tue vote alluded to, was not in his seat
Mr. MERIWETHER replied that that was
true, but the committee ws>uld be gratified to have
it disposed of.
Mr. COWEN hoped further time would not be
consumed, which was due to the private calendar
Mr MERIWETHFR moved to lay the question
of reconsideration on the taole
Mr. BOWNE submitted to the gentleman from
Georgia whelher it wai exactly fair to pr®¡>s it now",
lu the absence of the mover.
Mr. MERIWETHER s&id the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Coshino] had made his -speech
on siibmnting his motion, and therefore was Hot
entitled to another speech; and he (Mr Mfri-
WETHS.R) knew not, under these circumstances,
why th  motion should be hung up, because the
gentleman from Massachusetts was ab ent.
Several gentlemen inquired what the question
was b-fors the H use 1 and they were informed
that, when committees were called for reports on
Wednesday, Mr MrwwETHtR, from the Com-
mittee on Pub'ic K-cpend tures, amnn, o h r bil's
reputed a bill for the bnter r¡>gi!ation f tlVMvj,
to repeal the act cf Marc i % 1837, pi-mdng for
the more eqaal di tnbution of tie na^y p r<sion
find, and to reduce the ravy to a peace e"ab sn
ment, and a bill to reduce the military establish-
ment of the United States, and for other purpose';
which were respectively read a first and second
time, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Unioa.   At a later pe-
riod of the day, Mr. Coshing moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which these oil's were
committed to the Committee of the Whole, and he
explained his intention to be to move their refer-
ence to the Committees on Military and Naval Af-
fairs, respectively He also complained, in the
course of the remarks with which he accomp&n'ed
his motion, that the Committee on Public Expend-
itures had intermeddled with business which did
not come legitimate y before them in the prepara-
tion of these bills
Mr MERIWETHER pressed his motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN called for the ayes and
noes tnereon, and, being ordered, the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table was carried
in the affirmative—ayes 89, noes 87
Mr. COWEN again moved that the House
should take up the private calendar; this being pri-
vate bill day.
Mr SAMSON MASON desired to obtain the
discharge of the Committee of Ways and Means
from certain estimates for the Florida militia, and
to move their reference to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. He sa'd he understood that commit-
tee intended not to act upon the subject, but to
move a change of reference of the papers to the
Committee of Claims. He (Mr. Mason) there-
fore desired ths House to determine the proper ref-
erence.
Mr STANLY moved to amend the motion, by
striking out the words "Military Committee," and
insert "Comr?ittee of Claims."
Mr. COWEN said its reference to the Commit-
tee of Claims would inevitably cause its pos pone-
ment until the next session.
Mr LEVY hoped, if some standing committee
of the House could not be found to act upon the
ulject, that a select committee would be appointed
The amount of the sum required was but small,
and it was based upon the report of Colonel
Churchill, who had been sent to Florida to investi-
gate the claim. Hs begged also to state that it was
desirable, owing to the great pecuniary distress ex-
isting in Florida, that it should be paid during ihe
present session; for, small as was the amount, at the
present period it would be of great service.
Mr. S MASON, m answer to a question from
Mr Pendleton, said the claim was for services
rendered by the militta of Florida.
The papers were then transí- rrad to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs
Mr. T. J CAMPBELL offered ihe following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in
stiucted to íej tita bill, piovidmg ibi the reduction tí"the reg
u ar aimy in the following manner that each company of
cavaliy, artillery, and infantry, be reduced to fifty men >ank
and fi e, and that the second regiment of dragoons be disbai 'td
by the 1st of January 1843 Thai the "aid bill shall also pro
vide for reducing the number and the pay of the staff officeis of
the army, and the ordnance, the two engineer coi ps to their
number and pay previous to the act of 5th July, Í83S, and for
eqnilizing tile pay of all officers of the same grade in the «an
ous corps of the military establishment, also foi ihe abolition
oi reduction of the Military Academy at West Fomt
Mr. STANLY objected to the recept on of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER informed the gentle nan from
North Carolina that his objection came too la e
Mr STANLY and some other pentlem?n ex-
prés ed their astonishment to find that it «as re
c-ived with nt their knosladge.
Mr BLAIR said he un^eistord the resolution
was only read for information, and not that it v as
received
Tne SPEAKE1 again stated that the resolution
w s received
Mr STANLY called for the a>es and noes on
its adoption; and they were ordered.
Mr. COWEN inquired whelher the reso'utton
would noi neces<ar ly go oser, if i' gave nss to
debite
TheSPEAKFR?   en'ed
Mr TOLAND moved to lav the resi'jtion on
the table
Mr. BOWNE ca'led for the ayes and nors
ih reon, but they were not ordered
The motion to lay the resolu'ion en the tab'e
was then adopted.
Mr SHIELDS obtained permission to explain,
that his vote yesterday,   on the motion of Mr.
Saunders to authorize a commission to be issued
to take testimony m the case of the Commonwealth
Bank of Bosteo, was recorded erroneously in the
negative, as it was his intention to vote for the li-
ves' igation in that way.
Mr. COWEN ihen renewed his monon that the
House should proceed to the consideration of bills
on the ptivate calendar; and it was agreed first to
take up bills from the Senate, and bills acted upon
in the Committee of the Whole and finally dis-
pone of theni
The following bills, acted npon by the Commit-
tee sf the Whole, were ordered to be engrossed 
and were then read a third time, and passed!
An act for the relief of William Waller.
An act for the relief of the legal representative 
of William T. Smith.
An act for the relief of John Pratt, or his legal
representatives.
An act for the relief of Jabez L. and Asa White,
of the State of Connecticut.
An act for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Thomas Atkinson, deceased.
An act for the relief of Henry J. Defrees and
Stephen Jenny.
An act for the relief of David Allspach.
An act for the relief of Dennis Dygert.
An act for the relief of Jacob Jackson.
An act for the relief of Jehosophat Bnggs
An act for the relief of Edwin H. Childers, ad-
ministrator of John P. Hickman.
An act for ihe relief of Charles H. Atherton.
An act for the relief of David M. Hughes, Ch.
Shipman, and John Henderson.
An act for the relief of John King.
An act for the relief of John Randall and Ch-
York.
An act for the relief of James Morrow and Jona-
than Tipton.
These bills were severally ordered to be sent to
the Senate.
The House read a third time and passed the fol-
lowing bills from the Senate:
An act for the relief of the Plumb Island Bridge
and Turnpike Cumpany.
An act for th« relief of Caleb Eddy.
An act for the relief of James Kiser and Bar-
nett Foley, of Missouri.
Mr. COWEN then moved that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House,
for the purpose of taking up such private bills as
could be passed without debate; this being the day
on which private bills were not debatable.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Tit-MNOHAsr
took the Chair.
After which, a number of private bills were pass-
ed upon till four o'clock, when,
On motion by Mr MERIWETHER, the com-
mittee rose, and
The Hou-e adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 28, 1842
Mr. J. T. MASON presented tue proceed.ngs of
a public meeting in Frostburg, Allegany county,
Maryland, m favor of a tariff for revenue and pro-
tection , also, a memorial of one hundred and
twenty-six citizens of the same place, praying Con-
gress to pass a tariff for the purposes of revenue
and protection.                                                    .
Mr KEIM presented the petition of H B Sei 
del and one hundred and six other respectable oui-
z ns of Berks county, Pennsylvania, asking Con-
gress to pass a protective tariff: referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a letter
from Mr WinthRcp, of Massachusetts, resigning
his seat in Congress as 'he Representative of  he
Boston district He assigned sickness in hi? fam-
ily as ihe cause of his retirement
The SPEAKER also presented vanous commu-
nications irom the head* of departments, among
which wete the following
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, m o edier.ee 10 the order of the
House of the 14th instant, the information requir-
ed m relation to the payments made to J->rne  D.
Doty cut of the appropriation for the erection ot
public buildings m the Temtory of Wisconsin?
