548                   __________
"         i      hiiiiit'thi ' - -ii't   -      i      "'"   "'    |          ******—,        '
whleh was referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.                                       „ ,   „,
A. letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
obedience to the resolution of the House of the
- 23i February last, transmitting tabular statements
showing the exports and imports of tobacco, to-
gether with the imports into Great Britain, and es-
timates of the consumption ef tobacco in the Uni-
ted States; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and 5,000 extra copies were ordered to be printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a copy of a letter from the Commissioner
of Pensions, of the 18th instant, upon the subject
of navy pensions, to be appended to the answer of
the Navy Department to the resolution of the
House of the 12th ultimo; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of the 12th ultimo, a statement embracing
the names of all navy pensioners under the act of
3d March, 3837, together with the aggregate
amount each has received up to the first day of
January last; which was orderedNo he on the
table.
Mr. RAYNER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bills; which were
read a first and second time, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House:
A bill to establish a new collection district for
the Territory of Florida, to be called Suwannee
district; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Lord.
The SPEAKER submitted additional evidence
in the case of the contested election of the delégate
for Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on Elections.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee en Commerce, made a report on the subject
of commerce and navigation; which was ordered
to be printed.
The House then proceeded to the third reading
of bills heretofore acted upon in committee.
The first bill taken up was a bill for the relief
of the heirs and representatives of John Brown,
deceased.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON opposed the passage of
the bill at great length; and Mr. MOORE and Mr.
WHITE of Louisiana supported it. The bill
was then passed.
The bill for the relief of Hugh Sluart was next
taken up; and after a debate in which it was sup-
ported by Messrs. BOWNE, MORGAN, THOMP-
SON of Indiana, and WARD of New York, and
opposed by Messrs. COWEN and MILTON
BROWN-
Mi\ ANDREWS moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and the mam question or-
dered.
Mr. ARNOLD called for the yeas and nay-,;
Which having been refused, tener- were called for
and appointed.
The mam question, which was on the passage of
the bill, was taken, and resulted mayes 49, noes 69
No quoiom voting,
On motion by Mr. ANDREWS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Moisrwy, May 30, 1842.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorsi from a
number of citizens ^f Michigan engaged in the
manufacture and sale of short lumber. The pe-
Mioners state that they have to encounter great
competition, anwng from the manufacture of lum-
ber on tba Crown lands in Canada, by persons
cai'ed scatters. They ssk for protection, either
by changing the valuation, or by an increase oí the
diu.es on lumber: referred to the Comnutiae on
Man ufas-tures.
Mr. CRAFTS presented a petition from cituens
of Vermont, praying an increase of duties on wool,
te g've protte'ion to the wool-growers in the United
S'ates: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Lamoille county, in Vermont, praying for
aa immediate repeal of the bankrupt Jaw. Mr.
B> smé he would take this occasion to say that it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was his intention, in some morning hour, to bring
in a bill for the repeal of that act. He had been
looking over the law, and considering it in all its
aspects; and he had come to the conclusion that it
was not a bankrupt act in the meaning of the Con-
stitution—that, in fact, the law was unconuitmional
and void. He believed that it was the duty of
Congress to repeal if. But whether Congress
thought proper to repeal the law or not, the ques-
tion of unconstitutionality would be carried up to
the Supreme Court. It was his purpose, during
some morning hour, to present his views to the
Senate upon lis unconstitutionality. On mo ion,
the petition was then ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a petition from
citizens of Montgomery county, Illinois. Mr.
McR. said ¡he petitioners weie gentlemen of great
respectability; some of them had been known to
him for twenty years. The peution was ably
drawn, and was devoted to the political relations
of the country. He read several passages from
the memorial, which concluded asfojlows: 1. They
respectfully request that Congress will place the
nation m a proper state of defence. They depre-
cate war as a national calamity; but they prefer
war, with all its calamities, rather than submit to
insult or aggression. 2 They ask a reduction of
all public expenditures, m a ratio to the present
prices of all agricultural or mechanical produc-
tions. 3. That a tariff of dunes be imposed for
revenue; and that it be so adjus'ed as to furnish
adequate means, with the other legitimate sources
of revenue, to support an economical administra-
tion of thp Government. 4 To avoid a national
debt, and pay off the present debt. 5, To organize
the Oregon Territory as speedily as possible; and,
by liberal grants of land, to induce an immediate
settlement of that country. 6 To giv  all the en-
couragement m the power of Congress to the im-
portation of the precous metals, so that all pjper
credits may be based on the only consti*ution= ]
currency, gold and si'ver. The memorial was re-
ferred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that th= Committee on
Claims be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition and papers of Farrow and
Harris, and that ihe same be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. G. iaid he had jiade
this motion at the request of th  petiiicws.
The question was d'=cu^ed by Me^rs. GRA-
HAM, RIVES, YOUNG, WRIGHT, and
ARCHER, in favor o* ill  chang? propo ed; and
by Messrs BARROW, KING, índ CR1TTEN
DEN, in opposition to it. The question being puf,
it was sg eed to
Mr. EVANS submitted a resolution, that, until
otoerwi e ordered, th" same nrtnbT of me^sm-
sers, laborers, and pages, emp'ovd in th  ferí-
ate chamber, and fie (filce of in: Secretary of the
Senate, be continued at ihp raie o da''y compon
««'ion no i si owed there, and loa' Ih^ c >k m *he
< Shoe oi the presiding officr   cor m'i d ?t [he
í¡t,'~\e rate now a,!o? ed
Mr EVANS s «id the , a«s3°-e cf ¡r"s reso'u'ion
had Wn rendered necessary, ip. con'pqrenc- ^i ?
provi ior in the Epproona'un bill, re i"-t "-¿ die
application of appropriations to <-nly such officers
as are permarif.it, or are expressly authorized oy
resolutions of the two Houses. No such resolu-
tion had been pa's^d. Several messengers ¡tod
clerks, whose services are necessary, ht> e b„ n
heretifoie paid out of 'he ecn rag^nf "ai.rj, biu the
Secretary does no' feel himself aiphor.zsd to do so,
unJprthatcIauseiniheb.il
Mr SEVIER o .jeci.d to the consideration of the
resolu'ion ¡her>; and u con<-equ=nt'y ho? over ¡li
to-mcrrow.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the memoral
and papers of William Dowson wers ordered to
be taken from the file , and refer-ed to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
A CORP? OF REPORT PR 3 FOR THE «ENATE
Mr. ARCHER, from the select coptwv'm; ap-
pointed to inquire m'o the propriety and practica
bihty of appointing a „orps of reporte s for the
Senate, reported the ft ¡lowing resolution".:
Resolved, that thp Secretary of the Senate be, and helis
hereby, directed to employ a corps of reporters, not exceeding
five in number, for the residue of ihe present session, and at
trie commencement of each succeeding session of Congress to
1 repoit the proceedings and substance of the debates of the Sen-
ate, who shall be sworn or affirmed faithfully to discharge the
duties of the  office, and shall beallowed o compensation, to be
paid out of the iumt for the contingent expen-fs, not etceedmg
sutty dollar  per week for the principal leoortei a..d ufiydol
lar  per week for each of the others. The business of report
ing shall be so conducted, that the entire rt-pori of ihe proceed
io s and d. ba.es of each day shall, within three hours after
the adjournment, be plact t in the hands ol ihe printer The
publication of the leport shall be committed to the publisher 
of such one of the -daily papers as will engage, free from
all charge—1st To publish the entire repoit in their dally
papers; 2d To furnish proof slips thereof to any other paper
in ihu District of Columbia, ami, 11 'I o furnish two copies of
the report, for the use of each member oi -he Senaus, by 9
o'clock on the ensuing morning
Resolved, That a seat on the floor of the senate shall be as-
signed to ihe reportei actually on duty, by the President of the
Senate
The resolution was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the Senate pro-
cecded to the consideration, as in committee of
the whoH of
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
Mr. YOUNG moved to reconsider the vote by
which the number of 74,391 for a ralu was re-
jected on Frjday last
Mr. WOODBURY inquired whether the ques-
tion pending was not on filling the blank with the
number strickeii out.
Mr. GRAHAM said the pending question was
the proposition of the Senator from Mississippi,
to fid the biank wttb 71,143, therefore the motion
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Young] was not
in order.
Mr. WALKER, for the purpose of admitting
the motion, withdrew his propositan.
Mr. YOUNG then submitted hu motion to re-
consider the vote reacting ihe number 74,391,
Mr. McROBERTS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered
Mr. WOODBURY called the attention of the
Sena'e to ti e fact that the aagrega.e fraction of the
ratio of 74,391 would be 954,755, whereby nearly
13 Representatives would be lost. Five of the
No-tbern States would have 302,210.
Mr. WALKER a^ked if those five Slates were
New England S'aie ?
M". WRIGHT observed that cue of them was
the State of New York, which would have a frac-
tion of 48,407.
The quest-on was then taken by yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider, and decided in the
negative, as follows:
YEA.-3—Mesáis ArJier Etasbv B^iytrd, Berrien, Buchanan,
f*alhouil,C iayloi ,I>an Fill oi , Henderson,King McRoherts.
Mi iffum Pte&ton, Rives, Sevier, Sturgeon Walker, \\ hite.and
\otms-20                                "                         '
í< Vi S—Messrs Allen, Bjrrow Bales, Bomon, Ch ate, Con.
a1, Craps, Crittendei Graham Huitington Kerr Lmp, Mer.
net Miller, MoreheaJ, Potter, &immon«"c-miih off innecticut,
Smi'hof lidiaría Spiasue Ta ¡madge, fappan, Wilcox, Wil
Sums \Voolbury,dnd Wug ,t—26
The que«t,on b it>g on in* next h ahesi. number
proDO«=d for fi'nrg the Wank—
Mr BARROW m0< e lo fill it with the ratio of
7] 257, (?ivmj; 213 members on the full ra'io, and
!') tn ¡h" ii-ct opal representation; <l,e aggregate
fracrn be m 730 635—equal to 10 27-1C0 mem-
b-r;
Mr. STURGEON a^ked, wai it in order ¡o move
a number air^a v rej <"dt
U tva= exp «i'.e.l ihat this vas the nu-rber with-
draw on Friday. I w-is, trarefore, n order to
anew he irr'i'in to ti^ert it.
M- TAPPA"! caled for <n- -,ea; and nay«;
wh lú "' re o'd°ied
Mi. W 1LKER hoped the Senator i.om Louisi-
ana wo-ild consent to >.ubsumt8 70,555 for b'  pron-
o nion of 71,257.                                                 F
Mr. KING observed 'ha', a* fhe fraction for
Lr-tus.ana, und°r the rri,n of 71,257, wr uid be but
2 i. m ght oe nfetr d ihr' ovtry n.an, woman,
and child in luat S a e won -' he represented; but
ti e inequality wouli be very great with r-gard to
O'er Sta es Alabama, ft r in<!an"e, noii'd have
i r.ri'n f 61 801 not represented Hitherto he
Kid vc ed frr th i, le cons ientior of ob aming
th- mis' eligible number of Reprrse .ta'ives, but
if g n'lemen weie lot king mo'e to fraction': he
wouid be compelled, ai -.elf defene, to go ?ga'in^t
this proposition. It was necessary to pay some
regard to liberality and jusi,ce, and not to throw
oppre^ive fractions on small and growing S'ates.
Mr. WALKER remarked that all this showed
