CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
m
the pernicious consequences of considering the sub-
ject with an understanding that the principle of
representing frac ions would be rejected by the
House, if this principle of representing frac-
tions is rejected, it must lead to a scramble for
the Representatives ot a minority lo rule Ihe
whole House. He showed that six State', with
a population of seven millions would have a
majority of six in the House of Representative?,
while ihe remaining States, wnh eight millions,
would be in a minority a. to representation He
could not bef ho*v any number could be chosi-n, n-
respective of the prmc pie of representing fractions
that would not give a mmo'ity cf tie popularon
in six or seven Stales the power ot cor'rollmg a
majority in the remaining States, by a majority of
Representa ive<; This evil would go on, increasing
with every success ve apportionment H¡> pointed
out how seven Statas, wi h a majority of popula-
tion over New York, wciid have bu* fortv-«ix
Representatives, whi'e Ne\v York would have for-
ty-eght. He also poinud out o her in Manees of
the kind, and showed how Pennsylvania, with a
minority of populauon, would have more Repre-
sentatives than three ot the other S ates with a ma-
jority of popula'ion. The (¡actional principle was
the only fair principle lhat could ruly carrj out the
object and intention of the Constitution Ncthing
but an adherence to the represertation of fr?euons
could enable the maj jnty of the ag«reg tie pop na-
tion to govern the ac ionof he Hojse aeco ding to
the meartng ot the C^ns i   tion.
Mr. McROBERTS advanctd many arguments
against the number propo^ei by the Senator trom
Louisiana [Mr. Barrow.] He showed that ciea1
injustice would be done to some ot the S a es He
pointed out that New Han pshne wouliha/ec
fraction ef 70,803, wanting bu' 454 to tn ltlr Utr
to an additional member, and that Michigan, with
a fraction of 69,753, would want but 1,504 to get
an additional member also
Mr. PORTER concurred that there would bo
great injustice in this selection
Mr. CALHOUN observed that, le* the result be
what it might with regard to South Carolina, he
felt bound, on a principle of justice, to give thu ad
vantage, in the distnoution of inevitable fractions,
to th« new State  and the small State*
Mr BAGBY considered it of more importance
to vole in favor of a large ratio, than in reference
to the effect with regard to frac ion--. He contended
that population was continually changing, tnd
what may operate injuriously to 3ome. States in ihe
distribution of fractions now, may act favorably to
them at the next apportionment
With regard to the number of which ihe House
should be composed, he contended (ha* the true
democratic principle ia«, not to select ihe largest
possible number, but a number m whose hands the
trust confided by th* people to their Representa') vs
would be most safe, and best carried out That
safety consisted in the c?reful selection of trustees,
more than in the gieai number He regretted th_t
any choice of ratio made should operate unfavoia-
bly on an individual State, such as his o vn, c the
State of M chigan, but it was not the effect winch
a great principle might hpve upon tiie or two
States that was to be considera!, La fit, inp rttrce
of the principle, in its laigest and widest eperation,
with regard to ihe whole.
He was astonished to heai the assert on of trie
honorable Seaa of behind mm [Mi Allen] ihe
other day, that he wouUl pre Or to «ee the Hon e
consist of 5,000 ra h r than 800 No v, I - k, it
human reason car concPive of the po "íbihiy ot a
number so Uige beiti;cidHp of c lucting ihe
business of UfisLhon Th" gentlema  h "Hp a
fireside representation—a bt*o?d pud full npr 
sentation of the vi-ied >n eres's of 'r c woie *t m-
mumty. Yes, sir, if y u em rtpr *ent a reflet tin",
a thinking community, by an irtrj yep esentatu n,
I would be m favor ot it, but, sir, it is one of ihe
popular fallacies, ihe i lLsion ot the day As h s
been well said, "If eve'y man wee a Socra es,
Athens would still oe a mob " It is a pioperty of
human nature, and it is in v«>ia to seek to alter it
Without regard, then, to the effect it may h v« on
the Stale which I represent—up >n the hrge (r the
small States—upon one section of t e count) y, or
upon another section—I go for the great principle
of basing the great Democracy on that foundation
on which the founders ot the Constitution designed
it should be based
Mr. ALLEN said the Senator had slightly mis-
apprehended the declaration he had made, which
was, that he would rather see the House consist of
a lar^e number than a small one, because he con-
sidered a reluction of that body as tantamount to
its destruction.
Mr A commented at some length on the assumed
rule that the true Democratic principle wa¡. m
favoi oi% a limited number, instead of one com-
rnen-urate with the number cf those to be repre
seitel This prmcip'e would lead to t>>e coneen-
tiation of power in the hands of a few, and, final-
ly, in those of one man He maintained the
doctrine that in the multitude of counsellors there
is safety H s eonvie'ion was, that it ill became
tb Senate—essent ally an aristocratic body—to ex-
erc se a dictatorial power in the adjus mtnt of the
nambtr ot Representatives ot the popular branch
of the National Legislature He could not agree
with the Senatoi from Alabaría in the position  fee
assumed in favor of a diminished number of Repre-
ucntaiives
Mr WOODBURY called the attention of the
Senate to the lact lhat the fraction left 'o New
Hampshire wanted lut 400 to entitle tlut State to
i lOlhe- !{epr"faenta'ive. Ii was well k¡ own hit
he was <n favor of a much smaller ratio than that
row pi pi ed, if fact, he was in favor of the ratio
la it would motease ti e number of K< presentantes
about 12 per cent. If ihe ra io of 70,680 was ta.
Fen, it would reduce the agauva'e frac ion 200 ü00,
and re'duce the number of Representatives lost bv
frartici«, two members Por these reasons, he
v ould p-efer a ratio of 70,680 to one of 71,254
Mr WALKER would prefer 70 755 to 70 680
He wood, for rea ons stated, not vo'e for either
71,143 oi 71 257, but *oald for 70 755, because it
would do less injustice to the smaller Slates
M- BARROW explained that hn was not par-
ticularly m favor of a high ratio, but he had dis-
covered, througa the progress of the debate last
week, that the numb r of those in favor of a high
ratio was increasing, and he thought it mo°t pru-
dent to strike i-i time at lhat medium ratio, which
would letve the leavt fraction to Louisiana. He
pointed on* how other Senators h?d been influ-
enced in the «ame way Bat the tiuth was, that,
with regard to the best number to compose the
House, he was m favor ol 50 000 as a ratio to pro-
duce that nunibei Tnere wete, however, reasons
which had decided him to propose 71,257. He
was not desirous of oppressing any small or new
Plate, and therefore he was disposed to Withdraw
his proposition, ps n appeared such would be ib
effect, and, it possible, to do justice to New
Hampshire and Michigan. For tne purpose of
testing whether the Senate vas in favor of a small
orlaige ratio, he ijw proposed another number—
70,650, i'id gave nutice that, if rtjected, he would
go against every proposition till the ratio came
down to 50 000
Mr HENDERSON approved of 70 680, be-
cause it kit ihe smallest ablegate fraction, and
was bes' calculated to sa'isfy most of the States
Mr BAGBY exphined that he did not say three
R-pie entati&es wou'd be as safe as a larger num-
ber But what he did «ay was, that the number
should b  coi fi-ed to that which wps best calcula-
ted to transact t le business of legislation, while, at
the araetime, it was suffi iently lar°e to insure a
safe representation His proposition was to place
the n?hts of th  people n the hands of such trus-
tees is would best secuie tee truit, and at the same
tun  exercise <h" trust itself most efficiently.
Tbequestirn was whetner the nu.nber of Rep-
resan. a ivcs should be large or «malí He admitted
that there was an es entnl principle to be consid-
eren, and 'hat was. that the several States of the
Coi federanm should be represented m the Na-
tional Councl according to respective numbers.
But this prmcip'e eould be fully carried out with
a choice and selec' number of Representatives,
miich better thsa by a very numerous body.
He denied that the Senate was, in its action or
construction, aristocratic, or that there was any such
rivalry and compulsion as the Senator from Ohio
imagined, between it and the Hosse of Representa-
tives. The same constituency, in point of fact,
controlled both bodies; their trusts, their origin,
were the same. This was not only a constittttiifttal
occasion for the Senate to express its sentiments,
but a proper one, for it was his belief that the
order—the utility—he would go further, and say
the perpetuity of this Government depended upon
keeping ihe number of which the House of Repre-
sentatives, was to be composed, within safe limits.
The great question now at issue before the Sen-
ate was, not as to thp local effects of fractions, but
as to the re-eonstruction of the numbsr composing
the House, to effect tue purposes for which it was
intended He wonld go for the highest number
suggested, in preference to any olher, bat if that
could not be had, he would go for the next highest
in succession, and therefore, as the question now
came on 70,680, he would vote for it, because he
preferred i to a smaller ratio.
Mr. ALLEN replied to some of the arguments
made use of by the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Baqbt ] He pointed out the contradiction of the
tennis assumed by those opposed to a numerous
representation. One oí these terms was, that a
House consisting or four or five hundred members
would control the Government, and absorb all power,
at the same time it was contended that so numerous
a House would be wholly int rhcient for performing
'egislative business or for any purpose wha'evar.
How could ooth terms of this proposition be true?
He aleo adverted to the inconsistency of maintain-
ing that the Senate did not claim superiority over
the Hoube, but merely stood upon its equality, yet,
in action, the Senate was now exercising a dicta-
torial ascendancy over the House, by controlling it
m the very principle of its own organization. Of
all powers m the world, the power of legislation
oughtio be confided to many hands, in preference
to few, because it was a power to make laws to
bind the community itself, from which all power
emanates
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that Tennessee
had not any Senators here, and he would, there-
lore, state that, by the proposed ratio of 70,680,
that State would be left with the largest Iraction of
any of the States.
He replied at some length to those arguments
which baa been offered against a large number of
Representatives, contending that nothing had been
uraed capab e of changing his mind. It seemed to
him that it was sublimating too much to try to cut
down the number of Representatives so as to
square with the mere theoretical notions of ab-
stract principles entertained by some Senators. It
seemed as if the Senate was acting upon a self-as-
sumption of being doubiy as wise as those who
framed the Constitution. The framers of the Con-
stitution were for a long time m favor of a much
larger representation than 30,000, and a much
lower ratio was actually considered necessary, to
give proper weight to the immediate and direct
popular will m the action of the Government.
Yet, now, gentlemen assume to be so much wiser
than the tramen of the Constitution, that, not
content with receding frtm the expression of the
popular will by doubling the ratio, they cut
down the number of Representatives, in spite of the
increase of populauon
Mr PRESTON observed, that the Senate hav-
ing adopted the principle of representing fractions,
it seemed to him to be improper now to be acting
m view of effects to be produf ed by the rejection
of that principle elsewhere He concurred, for the
most pari, m the wise and just sentiments so well
and <o eloquently expressed by tbe Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] and he regretted that the
Senate hitherto had not had the benefit of that
Senator's participation m discussions wh ch he had
shown himself to-day so competent to enlighten.
The primary purpose of the House of Represent-
atives was that of performing its share of the du-
ties of legislation It had other and subsidiary
duties, but they were subordinate to the primary
object he had mentioned.
He contended that the popular will was best ex-
pressed m the General Assemblies of the ""ates.
This Government was one of a confederation of.
