í\
CÓÍÍ0RESS1ONAL GLOfeE.
States.   The Representatives in the National Le-
gislature were the Representatives of the people of
their confederated States; and it would be subvers-
ive of the many objects of a confederated Govern-
ment to adinit of  the pulse of the democratic
mass being felt as a' controlling impulse upon na-
tional legislation.    He then objected, not to the
prevalence of Democratic principles in the States
themselves, but in national legislation; because i
was ..an impulse inconsistent with the objects of
legislation here, and subversive of all  the good
effects of a confederated Government.    "While this
body is removed from immediate contact with the
people, he would look to the principle that the ele-
ments of the other House should be derived from
' the people immediately; but this was not inconsist-
ent with the propriety of guarding against the ex-
ternal impulse of popular will, and limiting it to
representation—that representation being regulated,
in point of number, by considerations of efficiency,
propriety, and expediency.
He pointed out that, if the same ratio of increase
now proposed by the bill from the House was
to be followed up for the next two periods of ap-
portionment, the House, in five and twenty years,
would consist of more than a thousand members.
He knew this was a delicate matter to adjust; but
the adjustment was to be made. He did not agree
. with the Seuator from Kentucky, that it Was ne-
cessary to have a very numerous House of Repre-
sentatives, where gentlemen might go lo school to
learn the science of government, as if those sent
there by their constituents were not already well-
informed and educated men. He conceived their con-
stituents did not elect them to go to school; but to
represent their interests in the councils of the nation.
His judgment went with the Senator from Alaba-
ma, [Mr, Baobt,] and he concurred with him in
the course oí continuing to vote in succession for
the highest number of the ratios proposed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN explained in relation to
observations he had made, upon which the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Pkeston] had com-
mented, with regard to the advantages of the
House of Representatives being a high school. He
did not mean to say that it was to be a school where
gentlemen were to learn their grammar; but that it
was to be regarded as a school of men, where gen-
tlemen would learn something which they did not
learn at home in their own schools. The Senator
knew best whether he had ever learned anything in
the school of the national councils; and if he felt
that he had, he must feel satisfied that other gentle-
men might learn something in the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. PRESTON explained that he did not treat
the Senator's remark as a very leading argument;
but he had referred to it on account of its being an
argument of the Senator from Kentucky, from
whom every thing that falls is entitled to great
weight, and he did not wish it to go for more than
it was worth. So far as he was himself concerned,
he felt, when he first came to this body, that he
was coming to school to learn something new; but
he also felt that it was not the object of his con-
stituents to send him for the mere purpose of com-
ing to school.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that the gen-
tleman and himself would have an end to this sub-
ject if he would only make him one promise—and
that was, to read a number cf the Federalist on the
subject, to which he painted his attention. It was
not his opinion, but that of Mr. Madison; and if
there is such poverty in the idea as the Senator
supposed, it was not his, but Mr. Madison's idea
he condemned.
Mr. PRESTON would not reply to the Senator
by recommending him to go to school. But he
hoped the Senator would admit that he had learned,
in the school of this debate, that it was necessary to
use as leading arguments only such as were based
upon some application entitling them to be classed
as leading arguments.
Mr. CRITTENDEN briefly replied, and the
subject dropped.
\a3K TALLMA.DGE expressed his   desire   to
S*"-*   few and small Slates all the benefit pos-
ft *S** ?• **  «<  « f fractions.
tawfeBW* to ttwatebw «f Representatives
which ought to constitute the House, he would
say that it was desirable some mode should be
devised of arriving at a rule to govern the subject.
He regretted that the Constitution had not fixed
limitation. There was, ia the nature of its consti-
tution, a limit of probability with regard to the
Senate. It had already doubled in its number
since the adoption of the Constitution. The num-
ber would probably soon be increased to sixty; but
there seemed to be little chance that it should at
any time exceed sixty-two.
He showed the principles on which the House
of Representatives of the State of New York had
been constructed. The Senate was established at
32, and the House at 128—being four times that
of the Senate. In Pennsylvania, the ratio between
the Senate and House is as one to three. He
knew of no State, except Massachusetts, that ex-
ceeded the ratio of New York; which was as one
to four.
There ought to be some fixed principle; because,
if it was not done, in twenty-five years a popula-
tion of thirty-four millions would demand a House
of double the present number. His own opinion
was, that this was the proper lime to fix ihe maxi-
mum. He thought that ought, in any case, never
to exceed the present number of 242. If the
representation from New York should be reduced
to twenty, instead of forty, he was perfectly satis-
fied the interests of that State would be just as
well represented with those twenty as with forty
members.
According to the practice of the State institu-
tions, the maximum of the ratio between the Sen-
ates and popular branches of legislation, would be
one to four. He thought, if that ratio now was
proposed, the House would consist of a proper
number. At the next apportionment, by applying
the rule—supposing the Senate by that time to con-
sist of sixty members—the number of Representa-
tives in the other House would be 240—about the
number of which it is now composed. He was,
therefore, in favor of the motion under considera-
tion.
Mr. WRIGHT would be very glad to conform
to the rule laid down by his colleague, if he could,
with his sense of propriety, do so.
He had already stated the principles by which
he would be actuated in his vote. He denied that
there was any analogy between the constitution of
the State Legislatures and the Federal Legislature.
Their construction was different, and regulated up-
on different premises,
Mr. KING would not have risen at all, were it
not for an observation made by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Barrow,] that he (Mr. K.) was
actuated by the effect o! the fractions on his own
State. The Senator had admitted that he was him-
self actuated by such a consideration with regard
to his own State. But he (Mr. K.) would point
out several propositions for which be had voted
without reference to the effect of the ratio on Ala-
bama. He now was, however, driven by the course
gentlemen had taken, to ask, Was it equitab'e to
leave a fraction of 69,000 to Alabama? Would
it Dot be better to endeavor to do substantial justice,
not only to the several States, but to them section-
al ¡y considered?
He was in favor of a number not too great or
too small, but such as would most conveniently
represent the popular will. He believed, if the
rule proposed by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Tallmadge] was adopted, it would produce a salu-
tary effect.
Mr. YOUNG conceived the injunction of the
Constitution to be, that each State should be rep-
resented in the ratio of us population. This could
not be, if the proposed ratio of 70,680 was adopt-
ed, and Alabama was left with a fraction of
65,000 unrepresented. He rose to express his dis-
sent from the rule laid down by the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,] and the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] that the number
most convenient for the constitution oi the House
ought to be chosen without reference to the effect
of fractions.
Mr. PRESTON observed that the Senator had
adopted the principle of representing fractions. If
th ¡Senate now adopted a ratio subject to that
principle, and the House should strike out the
amendment to represent fractions, the Senate then
could amend its ratio.
Mr. YOUNG admitted that, if the principle of
representing fractions was to continue in the bill,
all objection would be removed; but as it was not
likely the House would consent to that principle,
he thought that, inasmuch as it is not practicable
to choose such a number as can operáis with per-
fect equality, it was the duty of Congress to ap-
proximate as nearly as possible to the equality con-
templated by the Constitution.
Mr. BAGBY hid set out with the principle, that
the Constitution required that representation
should be as ample as possible, and as equal as
possible. He would merely add, that, in consider-
ing one of these objects, it must be done in refer-
ence to the other. This would necessarily lead to
a limitation, such as he conceived would designate
a number competent and proper to constitute the
House.
The question now being on Mr. Barrow's mo-
tion to fill the blank with 70,680, (the number
suggested by Mr. Buchanan, and for which Mr.
Bahrow had withdrawn his previous proposition
of 71,254)—
The yeas and nays were demanded on it, which
were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows—yeas 28, nays 18:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Eagby, Barrow, Bayard, Berrien,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Cuthbert, Evans,
Fulton, Graham, Huiderson, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Porter, Prestan, Rives, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Walker, White, and Williams—28.
NAYS-Messrs. Allen, Bates, Benton, Choate, Crittenden,
Huntington, Kerr, Kmg, Morehead, Simmons, Smith of Con-
necticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tappan, Wilcox, Wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—18.
So this number was adopted as a ratio; which
will give a House of 217 members if fractions be
not represented, and 224 if fractions be represent-
ed, on the principle adopted by the Senate, allow-
ing an additional member to each Slate whose
fraction shall exceed a moiety of the ratio.
The following table shows the apportionment to
each Siate, and the r unrepresented fractions:
Representatives.   Fractions.
Maine            -           -
New Hampshire
Massachusetts
Rhode Island
Connecticut
Vermont
New York
New Jersey
Pennsylvania
Delaware
Maryland
Michigan
Ohio
Indiana
Illinois
Kentucky
Missouri
Tennessee
Mississippi
Arkansas
Louisiana
Virginia
North Carolina
South Carolina
Georgia
Alabama
7
7,033
4
1,854
10
30,899
1
38,148
4
27,288
4
9,228
34
25,799

140,249
5
19,636
24
27,687
1
6,363
6
10,044

63,730
3
227
21
35,786
9
49,745
6
51,971

137,129
10
125
5
7,006
It)
49,186
4
14 847
1
18,920
4
2 310

92,394
15
2
9
18,972
6
39,503
a
13,574
6
65,263
137 314
Mr. PRESTON moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The CHAIR (Mr, Bawrd) said the motion was
