CONGRESSIONAL C&0&É.
mt
 ot m order pending the question on the apportion-
ment bill.
Mr. PRESTON then moved to lay the bill on the
table, to enable hjm to submit the motion to go into
executive session.
The question was put, and disagreed to, on a
count, by aye<! 21, noes 22.
The CHAIR, announced that the next question
in order was on concurring with the Committee on
the Judiciary m the remaining amendment, pro-
posing to strike ont that portion of the bill making
it obligatory on the States to adopt ihe district sys-
tem of representation, each district to be composed
of contiguous territory, and to return but one Rep-
resentative; and to substitute a provision, leaving
it optional with the States to adopt "either the dis-
trict or general-ticket system, but retaining that
portion requiring that the districts shall be oí con-
tiguous territory, sending one Representative, if the
district system should be preferred.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out the whole of
the second section of the bill, embracing the propo-
sition of the Judiciary Committee to amend it, in
the following words:
Seo 2 And be i( further enacted, That, in every case
when a Stale is entitled to moie than one Represéntame, [the
number to which each Sta e shall be entuled undei this appor
tionment shall be elected by districts composed of contiguous
territory, equal m numbei to the number of Representatives to
which said State may be entitle 1—no one distuct electing more
than one Representative ] and the election in such Stale shall,
tinder ihe laws thereof, be made by distucts, such districts
shall be composed of contiguous ttmtoiy, and eat i ¿hall con
tain a representative population equal to the numbei which
by the existing ratio shall I e ? equired for one mcinbei as
nearly as may be, and no one d strict shall elect mot e ilia i
one inembei
Mr. CRITTENDEN írqaired whether it was in
order to make the motion pending the amendment
of the committee undisposed of.
The CHAIR decided that it was.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said it must be ooviaus
that the bill could not be disposed of this evening,
and he therefore moved to lay i' on the table (oi
the purpose oí submitting a motion to proceed
to executive business.
The question was put on these motiors, and
agreed to; and ihe Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business, and, after s-ome time
spent therein, the doors were opened, and, having
disposed of the numerous House bdls on the table
by causing them to be read twice and appropriately '
referred,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 30, 1842.
Mr. McKENNAN, who hafe been ekcei to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of the
late Mr. Lawrence of Pennsylvania, was this
morning sworn, and he then took his seat.
Mr. VAN BUREN presented the memorial of
Thomas CopeUnd, relating to hit, claim as master
machinist ai Alleghany arsenal in 1836, '7 and '8.
Mr. GWIN offered a resolution to change the
hour of sitting of ihe Hou^e, from the lot June to
the end of the session, viz. lo caange the hour of
meeting from 11 to 10 o'clock, and to take a daily
recess irom 1 to 3 o'clock
Mr. CALHOUN inquired if íesolu ions were
not regularly in order to-day. If so, he hoped they
would be called for ¡n Ihe nsua! manner.
Mr JAMES moved to amend the lesolution, by
striking out the lact eUuse, so as to dispense wjh
a recess
Mr FILLMORE objected to the resolution, on
the ground that, if it went into operation on the
1st June, it would interfere wi h a sp°cial order for
that day. If, however, the gentleonn from Mis-
sissippi would siibsti u'e next Monday for the 1st
June, he would have no obj etion.
Mr. COWEN moved to amend the resolution,
by changing the hours for th" reces., to from halt-
past 2 to 4 o'clock, instead of from 1 to 3.
Mr. RIGGS objected to the whole re olution.
Mr. ANDREWS, also, was understood to ob-
ject.
Mr. GWIN moved a suspension of the rules for
the reception of the resolution.
Mr. EVERETT mquned if the previous ques-
tion was not pending when the House adjourned
on Saturday; and, if so, whether, with that undis-
posed of, this business was not out of order?
The SPEAKER'  explanation was not heard
distinctly; but he was understood to overrule the
objection.
Mr. GWIN again moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the ayes and
noei.
Mr. BLACK inquired if the reception of resolu-
tions was not the order of business for to-day ; and,
if so, whether it was necessary to suspend the
rules.
Mr. GARUTHERS made a like observation.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
resolution had not been offered conformably with
that order oí business.
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the gentleman from
Mississippi would withdraw the resolution, and
offer it again when resolutions from Mississippi
weie in order, as this would dispense with the sus-
pension of the rules.
The SPEAKER put the question oa the suspen-
sion of the rules, and said he thought the noes
had it,
Mr. GWIN called for the aves and noes, and,
being ordered, ihe rules were not suspended—two-
thirds not voting in the affirmative The vote was,
ayes 97, noes 67.
Mr. FILLMORE then offered a resolution to fix
5 o'clock on Tuesday for the termination of debate
in Committee of the Whole on ihe army appropn-
ption '"ill. He said he offered the resolution for the
pui pose of taking the sense of the House upon it—
both as to the day and the time—not feeling paitic-
uUily anxious himself what time should be fixed ,
but the House would ceriamly see the propriety of
fixing iouie res notion on the time.
Mr. MORGAN moved the previous question.
Mr FESSE1N DEN inquired whether to-morrow,
and the day succeeding, were not appropriated to
soecial business of the District of Columoia.
' The SPEAKER said Wednesday and Thursday
were the diys set apart for the business of the Dis-
trict.
Mr W. C JOHNSON begged to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means when
he thought he would be able to report a revenue bill.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was not now prepared
to say, but he thought he should be ready during
the present week.
Mr. RHETT inquired how long this bill had
been under discussion,
Mr. PROFFIT. Three days, and very few gen-
tlemen have yet spoken.
Wr. RHETT. With such a statement, and in
consideration that the committee had not progressed
beyond the first clause, he would move to lay the
resolution on ihe table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the ayes and
noes thereon.
The ayes and noes were ordered, and ihe resolu-
tion was laid on the table-ayes 100, noes 75.
Mr. MERIWETHER asked the consent of the
Houi-e to submit a resolution.
M' PROFFIT. Let it be understood that it is
read for information only, and that it is not re-
ceived
The Clerk read the resolwon as follows:
Resohtd, That the foecretary of the Navy communicate to
this Iiou-<e all or lero i<=sue l to the several navy yards from
that di partment since the fist ol May instant, in reference to
the building equipping, fitting out, and launching ol vessels,
and whethel any dismissals la^e been made since the 1st of
May instant of carppnters arid ship hmldeis 01 other work
men at «aid navy yards, and if so, for what cau«e, and the num
hei, and what n citare may have been made m the numbei of
said tNoikmen, at any time since the 1st January last
Mr MORGAN objected to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. PROFFIT also objected, unless it were al-
lowed lo be debatable.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved a suspension of
the rule.
Mr PROFFIT called for the ayes and noes, but
they were not ordered; and the rules were suspend-
ed by a majority of 111 to 30.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then called for the pre-
vious  question,   which  was  sustained  by   the
House.
L
Mr. TOLAND made some suggestion to the
mover of the resolution, which was not heard.
Mr. MERIWETHER then was understood to
say that he would modify his resolution by add-
ing a call for all correspondence in reference to the ,
subjects and malters embraced in the resolution.
Mr. CUSHiNG objected to all amendments; the
previous question having been ordered, and dis-
cussion being prevented.
The SPEAKER decided that the resolution was
not now amendable.
The resolution, in its original shape, was then
adopted.
On motion by Mr. COWEN, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
being the adverse report of the Committee of
Claims on the memorial of Luther Halsey on the
subject of hospitals on the Western waters.
After a debate, in which ths report was advo-
cated by Messrs. COWEN and JOHNSON of
Tennessee, and opposed by Messrs. W. W. IR-
WIN, UNDERWOOD, and POPE—
Mr. FILLMORE moved to lay the report on
the table; which motion was carried.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired what was the order
of the day?
The SPEAKER replied that tins was resolution
day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the bills rela-
ting to the District of Columbia be printed, so that
they may be ready for the aotion of the House on
Wednesday nexi; for which day they have been,
made the special order: agreed to
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANLY called for the yeas and nays on
the question, but they were not ordered by the
House.
The question was then taken by count, and car-
ried in the affirmative—ayes 103, noes not counted.
So ihe House resolved itself into Committee af
the Whole on the state of the Uiion, (Mr. Under-
wood of Kentucky in the ehair,)Wd resumed Aie
coasiderauon of the bill making appropriations for
the army for the year 1842.                           f
Mr GILMER recapitulated some of the grounds
taken by him on Thursday last, whin be aoftessed
the committee. He had then ende&voredjto show
that there was no just reason to apptehend an in-
terruption of the peaceful relations exf ting be-
tween the United States and other coubmes. His
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Cr/sHimf] had ad-
verted to the state of affairs between us and Mex-
ico, and also to the pending negotiations with Eng-
land, in such a manner as to warrant a belief that
our peaceful relations would not be disturbed. He
had endeavored to show that nothing serious was
to be apprehended as to Mexico. No Government
had, in fact, existed there since 1834 The coun-
try had been the scene of revolutions ever since;
and its domestic condition was such as to rerder it
unaole to annoy us. Thereiore,^ unless it were
backed and sustained by s-ome ó; the European
Gdvenimems, no danger whatever wa  to be ap-
prehended. He did not believe that any Govern-
ment m Europe would interfere between us and
Mexico. There was no hostility or prejudice on
the part of the people in Europe to our institutions
and Government He knew there exisled a con-
siderable degree of hostility to us and our mstitu-
t ons on the part of the Governments of Europe;
but there was a wide distinction between the peo-
ple and their Governments. It was the interest of
the reining dynasties, with son>e rare exception*—
and among these, in the first cla«s,he was happy to
name France, our ancient and honored ally—to re-
pudiate our advances m civil liberty. It was nat-
uial that they should be hostile; but the day was
fast passing away when the people, or any portion
of them, would sympathize with the ruling powers
in their hostility. He believed that no watlike
purposes against our institutions and country would
be countensneed by ihe people of Europe. As he
had said in his remarks the other day, the time was
fast approaching when all the attention or tnose
Governments would be required to be directed to
affairs at home; and all their wisdom, foreca t, -jnd
care, taxed to prevent revolution among them-
