V
on the 7th of March, from the Retrenchment Com-
mittee,.in relation to the excessive emoluments which
had been paia to various officers. The first table in
that report contained a list of officers who had re-
ceived brevet pay and emoluments between the 4th
of March, 1837, and the 1st of January, 1842
The law of 1818 allowed brevet pay to such as
were in actual command. Command of what? he
asked. Surely not of' inkstands, desks, and furni-
ture, nor of clerks, but of troops. General Roger
Jones, in command of the Adjutant General's De-
partment, received $1,206; George Gibson, Sub-
sistence Department, $2,188; Charles Gratiot, En-
gineer Department, $2,285; Gen. Wool, as com-
mander of the army in the Cherokee nation, on
the Northern frontier, on special duty in Maine,
and as president of a court of inquiry, received
$2,024. He commented on the case of General
Wool, and the multiplied pay received by that of-
ficer. In commenting an his case, and that of
others, he did not impugn their honor. Bruus
was an honorable man, and so were all those gen-
tlemen whose cases he was citing. But it was his
duty to speak of those abuses as became a man in
the civil department of the Government. Joseph
G. Totten received, while in charge of public works
at Port Adam?, Va., §4,240 !
He was glad to perceive ¡hat the Secretary had
given orders which would essentially diminish
these allowances, and only wished it had been
done sooner. Yet he feared the Secretary had not
gone far enoegh. What command had this Mr.
Totten? Certainly of nothing but laborers on the
public works. A large amount too was allowed to
pay of officers in charge of the Clothing Bureau.
He knew not what they commanded, unless it was
empty wardrobes. In the Engineer Department,
men serving under private companies were con-
strued to have command, and paid accordingly.
The superintendents of the armories at Harper's
Ferry and Springfield were citizens not bearing
arms, living contentedly and quietly under their
own vine and fig-tree; yet those gentlemen are
construed into commanders, and receive double
rations. Often, too, it happens that the same offi-
cer is paid in two or three capacities.
A select committee had reported in favor of re-
forming the abuses in the navy. He thought re-
form was much more required in the army. He
was in favor of giving officers fixed allowances, as
in the navy. While on this part of the subject, he
would call the attention of the committee to a bill,
which was not his, and for which he claimed no
credit whatever—for he had received it through an
anonymous source—but whese author was evi-
dently acquainted practically with the subject.
This bill he hoped to have printed, and referred to
gentlemen who had a knowledge of the subject,
several of whom he Darned—Messrs. Underwood
of Ky., Pehdleton of Ohio, McKav of Norm Car-
olina, and several of his own colleagues. The
first principle of the bill to which he referred, was
that of allowing a fixed compensation. If the
present fixed allowance was not enough, give more;
and let the Government know, and the officer also,
when he receives his commis ion, how much he is
to have per annum. Then there would be no in-
centive to officers to eke out their pay; no infusion
of mercenary, Swiss spirit, in their ranks. Let not
the army be regarded as a number of men fighting
far pay; but as men occupying posts of honor and
responsibilily, as the defenders of their country.
He knew there was a prejudice in the array
against reform, tnd that the officers pronounced it
innovation. This was natural on their pari, and
he did not censure them for their opinions. These
opinions were the necessary ccnsequer.ee of that
espn'i (¡u corps which prevailed amongst them.
We would be under the same influence, if any one
should propose refm ms in Congress. H-> did not,
therefore, look at objecth-m ftorn that quarter; for
tbey came with less weight from those who were in-
terested.
He would now say a few words in explanation
of his course on the navy bill. He confessed he
did not understand it, and thought the estimates of
the Secretary too high. But he was told, by those
competent to judge, that they were necessary to
the service; and he voted for the supplies, believing
Concessional glo®e.
it was better to appropriate money to that most im-
portant and exposed arm of our national defence.
He had not, however, voted for any increase of the
navy.
In considering this bill, he thought they should
look to ihe strong box, and remember the condi-
tion of the treasury. Toey had appropriated more
money already than they had in pos-essiob; and no
time was so proper as this for retrenchmeat. The
amendment before the committee, he would re-
mark, cat off the men, but appropriated the money.
Why appropriate the money, if the men were to be
taken off? A gentleman near him said the money
could not be spent without the men. In reply, he
asked, what was there to hinder the Executive
from filling up the lines of the army, when there
was money appropriated to pay them? Under ihe
transfer power, money approprialed for one object
might be expended, by authority of the President,
for another; so that there was a possibility—he
would not say probability, for his acquaintance with
the present President led him to believe that, in his
hands, the power would not be used, unless ki a
case of the clearest necessity—of a misapplication
of the money. Therefore, he argued that, as it
was proposed to reduce the men, so, also, the money
should be reduced in proportion. But this reduc-
tion of the amount of money should not be con-
fined to this single item: the most expensive, and
most liable to abuses, had not yet been reached.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson]
said it was necessary to keep some officers, in or-
der to sustain the service. There was force in ihe
idea; but he believed a reduction was not only
practicable, but called fur by consideration's of pub-
lic duty. He was, therefore, in favor of an essen-
tial reduc'ion, though the exact number could not
now be a>certained. Congress, he feared, would
be in session much longer. In all probability, it
would sit until the result of the negotia'ion between
the United States and England was made, known.
As there was no other "speck of war," he saw no
obstacle to a reduction of the army. Should cir-
cumstances occur to require an increase, was not
the present organization of the army too feeble
even to begin with? In case of war, immediate re-
sort would be had to a direct tax, to a loan, to mi-
liiia, to volunteers, and to the establishment of re-
cruiting officers in every part of the country. As
the amendment before the committee proposed a
prospective and gradual diminution of the army,
he felt warranted in voting for its adoption.
Mr. LOWELL concurred must fully in the
principles generally laid down by the honorable
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Gilmer] who had
just taken his seat, that it was contrary to the genius,
as well as the true policy, of the Government of
the United States to maintain a large standing ar-
my in time of peace; but he perhaps might differ
with him as to what might probably be -considered
as such; and, in the possibility of difficulties arising
oat of our present relations with Great Britain, he
thought he should also differ with him as to the
propriety of making any reduction in our present
military establishment.
It was very seldom that he ever attempted to
speak on that flior, and he did not intend then to
ask the attention of the committee fur a great
length of time; though he felt that the situation of
"the State he bad the honor in part to ;epreseE there
was sucb, that he should be doing injustice to its
C'tizens if he did not take ihe opportunity lo make
a few remarks, to show how the present question
in some measure affected her interests. While he
admii'ed that it was not the genm= and policy of
this Government to maintain a large standing army
iii time ¡ f pea'te, he thought it would be conceded
by all that we ou-'ht to maintain some army. We
certainly nerd that the commanding points of the
country, both on the matiiimc and inland frontier,
should be fortified and furnished with such num-
ber.! of m'-n and munitions of war as are neces-
sary not only to protect the public property, but to
repel invasion; and we need, in addition, as had been
justly remarked bv the. gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. McKay,] a fkeleton of an army, con-
sisting of officers of all the grades and portions of
the d1fferent descriptions of military corps that would
be wanted in time of actual war, as a nucleus
&
__________________«gl
around which an efficient "military establishment
might be readily formed when required for the de-
fence of the country. We should, therefore, in his
opinion, keep up, even in time of* peace, such a
body of military men as, if not commensurate with
the geographical extent, population, and resources
of the country, would at least bear some relation to
them. In intimate connexion with this subject,
while he should object to a large navy, yet he
would keep upsuch anaval establishment as would
be sufficient to protect our commerce, which was
spread over every sea; and such a one as would
cause the American flag to be respected, even if*
borne at the mast-head of one of our small schoon-
ers. If we compared our little army of 12,000 men
with the army of Great Britain, consisting of some
120,000 or 150,000 men—if we compared it with
the army of France, amounting to 260,000 men; or
with the army of Russia, the amount of which he did
not exactly know—probably some 500,000 men;—
if we compared our little army with any of these,
making all necessary allowances for the difference
of geographical situation, habits, and feeling of
the people, we could not come to the conclu-
sion that ours was too large, or more than
equivalent to the wants of the country. Then,
again, if we compared our little navy of six-
ty eight ships of every description, large and
small, with the five or iix hundred ships of Great
Britain, or with the navy of France; and especially
if we look into consideration the fact that the num-
ber of our merchant ships and sesmen are little infe-
rior to those of England, and vastly supe'rk r both
to those of Prance and Russia, we must also come to
the same conclusión, that our navy is not more than
sufficient for our wants. We do not (said Mr. L.)
require as large sn army and navy as those oí Eng-
land; but if we intend to maintain our rank among
the first ela«s of the nations of the gl .-be, we must keep
up such an army and navy as will command the
respect of all. Entertaining these views, he had
voted, ever since he had a seat in Congress, for all
appropriations that had been ai<ked for by the va-
rious heads of the executive departments for the
army and navy, as well as for fortifications. He
had uniformly vo'ej for all appropriations for ob-
jects of this nature, though the State he had the
honor in part to represent had been most strangely
and unjustly neglected; and he should continue to
do so, till he was convinced that all had been done
that the defence of the country required. In the an-
nual speech of the first President of the United
States, (for it was the custom of the first President
to communicate his views to Congress by a speech,
in person, instead of by message as now,) delivered
on ihe 3d December, 1793, he found (Mr. L. said)
this advice; and he would particularly call the at-
tention of the committee to what he was about to
r<ad, for he would assure them that he' was not
submitting his remarks for home consumption. Mr.
L. here read an extract from General Washinton's
speech to Congress, in which he recommends to
Congress measures for the fulfilment of ourdutie  to
the ,'<stof the world; and says, that without putting
ourselve-' in a position of complete defence, we
shsll not be able to exact justice from others; that
there is a rank due the United States among
J the nations of the world, which would be withheld,
if not absolutely lost, by being in a defenceless po-
sition; that if we desired to avoid ir.sult, we must
be able to repel it; and if we desired peace, we
must show that we are at all limes prepared for
war, &c, &c. That (said Mr. L.) was the advice
of him who had been justly denominated the Father
of his Country; such were the seatimems of him
who wa* hot m war, first in peace, and first in the
hearts of his countrymen. He recollected reading
that speech when he was a boy, and he was free to
confess (though it might b? considered weakness
on hi* part) that it nsude an imp'ession on his mind
wh.ch never could be eradicated; and he trusted that
thi time would never come when that advice would
be neglected by an American Congress.
But, for the jakc of argument, suppose that the
army and navy were a little larger than was neces-
sity for a peace establishment; he asked if this was
a proper time to attempt their reduction. It was
but a short time ago that war between this country
and Great Britain seemed inevitable.   Numerous
