mi
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
questions, some of them of a grave nature, yet re-
mained unsettled; and although a special minister
had been sent to this country by Great Britain, with
the view to the adjustment of the subjects that
were in controversy, yet it was exceedingly uncer-
tain how the negotiations would terminate    It was
said that Great Britain had manifested a strong
disposition for aS arnicab'e arrangement of her dif-
ferences with as. He hoped that tbis was true, and
that the pending negotiations might result in an
honorable peace.   Bat let us not deceive ourselves;
let us not.be deceived by the syren song of peace,
peace, lest we may find that there is ao peace. Lord
Ashburton came to our shores—and he would call
the attention of the committee to this siBgle fact-
he came to our shores in a ship of war of the first
class, with a full complement oí men and guns, and
he arrived at one of our ports, where there was
not a sufficiency of soldiers in the fort to offer him
a nationarsalute. Let us not (said Mr. L ,) deceive
ourselves, for we cannot deny that the British Gov>
ernrsent, while she holds out the emblems of peace,
at the same time wields the sword, and it might be
that Lord Ashburton is sent here to choose for him-
self whether he  will \bave peace or war    It was
true,  that some of our large seipoits were  well
defended  with forts, as well as men and munitions
of war; but how was it with a large portion of our
frontier,  bolii on  the seaboard and th^ lakes—the
Gulf frontier and the inland frontiet?   How was
it with regard to the State of Mame? Some gent'e-
men seemed to forget that there «as any such State.
Here Mr. L   described the exposed and unforti-
fied situation of the State of Maine, 300 miles of
inland frontier, and 300 or 400 miles on the sea-
board; and said that, though the Government had
sent out i ffieers to make vurveys, who had made their
reports, yet the defence of the State were sli'l ne-
glected   H¡-> Statí (Mi L  said) was, faking every
thing  into considt ration, raore expotpd, both by
land and sei, than  any Statu in tne Union    He
then referred to ihe extensive bu ire s ,n ship-bmM-
wg carried on in Mame, to the large amount of her
tonnage, an! to the extent an' value of her com-
merce, to show how vast an amount oí property ^he
has exposed without piotection.
He had before observed how injudicieus it would
be to reduce our army, in 'he present unsett'edstate
of our relations with Great Britain.  Notwithstand-
ing the impresión was generally prevalent that the
negotiations would le-minate favorably, yet it was
unsafe to rely too strongly on such a result.   It was
but a short ume ago that they were officially in-
formed that the Florida war might be considered
as ended; and yet the Delegate fiom that Territory
read the oiher day, in hia place, an account of a
shocking massacre, showing that ihe na' wa- still
raging in all its horrors    To say nothing of our
difficulties wi h Mexico, (for he did not believe *hat
We hadmuch lo apprehend from that country,) what
were our relations with England   There was the
dispute in relation to our Noithea^tern boundary,
which  the  gentleman  from Mvsachjsetts [Mr
Cüshino] said the other day was perhaps the grav-
est question that we had ever been called on to ne-
gotiate    Theie was  the attack on pnd the burn-
ing of the Catolin , and the murder of Durfee, ihe
invawon of our tr-riiory in he occupation of Ore-
gon; there was <b° Creole afftir, the se zure of our
ships on tne we ter<i c <> tof Auicp, an i the seizure
of our fishing vessels m he Hay oí Fun'"    Inal-
dition to this, nas 'he fact that there tvtre ?t ih>¡>
moment four mill ary posts, occupied by Brush
troops, within the  territory   belfngin  to Maine,
and which is row in donate between the two coun-
tries.    Wh le Orient Binan wis strengthening h r-
self everywhere, fpctmj* fori ficaMo ' on our fron-
tiers, and dek/jilm   them with men pnd arms,
while she ivas íncrea^-ins: her mil tary defences m
Canpda, crca'ingagre . i*i Lav andna' a" depot in
Bermuda; and, in si o t, d ar i g a perfect cordon
around us, we, good ea^y    en, urecrjing p ace,
peace,  and, n the   language  of the   gentleman
from "VirgiMi, [Mr. Gilme-1 ] cannot <■ t a sp cl'
of war in the wlso'e horizon.   If  (¡if gentleman
could not see a speck of war in the Bat sh occj
pation of teintory  nhich is as much ours as ihe
<f[* nd oa wni<* l*>e Capitol stands, he did not
P ow  what he would consider a speak of war.
¿(
Mr. L trusted that the nego'iations would termin-
ate favorably, and that peace would be preserved
on honorable term*; for he was alwa}s for peace,
when it could be preserved without a sacnfice of
national honor.   Though he looked upon war as a
great evil, he regarded national  ignominy still
greater.    But as to the terms    Had the Legisla-
ture of Maine chosen commissioners to come here
in order to sell a portion of her territory?   No;
they were chosen for-no siicn purpose  They would
reject, with scorn, any proposition of Lord Ash-
burton for the purchase of any portion of their soil,
and, if a proposition was made to divide the terri-
tory in dispute, they would reject that also. Then
on what terms were we to have peace?    In regard
to  that boundary question,  the only terms that
would be satisfactory to Mame would be an ex-
change of territory for territory.   If we should give
up any portion of our American soil, it must be
in exchange for British soil of equal value; and if
we grant them Ihe right of way through that terri-
tory, we mu t have as an eqaiva'ent for it, the free
navigation of the St. John's.   Mr. L then gave a
brief and cotnpiehensive history of the origin of
the dispute bitween the two ccuntrie", in relation
to that portion of the territory of Mame, with the
ongm, prog'eQs, anil te'tmnat.on of the various ne-
gotiations that had been carr ed on with a view to
its adjustment, for the pjrnose of showing that we
ought not to be too sangu'n  as to a speedy settle-
ment of a qnotion that the British Government
had so long delayed.     After wh.ch, he concluded
by a recapitulation of his obj°ctions to any reduc
turn of our military establishment in the j.r>,sent
posture of our affairs.
Mr MERIWETHER spoke in favor ..f the re-
duction of the army proprsed, but if did n t go f>r
enough to meet bis yews, If toe t.oun ry was in
danger of war, a  had been mtimikd as an argu-
ment in opposition to the reduction of t le army, -vhy
did not the 0entlemen using ú propose to rar-e the
army to the war standard' He tons Jeied the army
useless, and an incubus on the country m tisne of
peace, and the army, as now composea, he dij not
conceive would be found very valuable in time of
war In justice to the Western people, on whose
borders were so many Indian tribe-, he would re
tarn the two legiments of cavaln, bat he would
cut down two regiments of infantry, and also the
staff of the army, which was much too large for the
present army, in fact, too large for an army of
20 000 men. He was will.ng d cut down every
increase over the act of 1838, by which a
saving vou'd be effected of $1,024,000. He
propos d that t s reduction should be prospect-
ive. If it wetf Í xed for the 1st of January next,
they would know, ere tnat day, v hat would be the
probable 'erminat. n of the controversy wi h Eng-
land, and, >f the result were to be a collision, Con-
gre s would meet again before the r  duciioi would
take effect, and could repeal the act reducing the
army in one day
The Clfrk, at the desire of the gentleman
from Georgia, read his proposition more in detail,
as follows.
'Proviled That ihe recanting set vice «In 1 cense until the
1st of January 1343 at which tuno ih  numbei ofiegiraents of
infantry shall be jeiuced tosix and the number of companies
m each regiment of artillery and infantry, and the numoer of
privates, non commis loned otfi e-s, and musicians in eaett
company and therurabei ofstaffant me < fficerb, slull s nr
ally be re luced 10 the number fittd bv the ar «milled 'An -ct
to te i t and fix the military es bli bnent of he lined
Snes appioied March 9 1 21 And pi ended further That
i/tet trel t lat uaiy Ib43 there shall oe pail to n> officer
conneced with th- irmy ofthe I mted S a es a y  ' erpayor
emolu rents  than were allowej and paid sail office - ihe
Um of the nppiiial tf slid ac Anl p end d a>*0, Tnat
ihe Fiesident ofth Lmied S a es may a' his d -ciet on afrer
sal I nine convert tne second ie°i rent of diegoons into a resi
me i of riflemen an i they •.hall receive then pay on'y as in
fanny An! n edunn  Ihe at my as ' «Hem contempl <ted, (1 e
seventh an lei?htlues;irrifnh of mfantrv sha ¡ be di chained,
a the cuiupaniesofaitillerylo b t srhai'e i «hall be those
adde 1 to fh   regiment by the act ofthe 7tl  July 1S3S '
Mr. Merto etier then proceeded to reply to
the argumen's or gentlemen who had preceled
him, some of wiiom contended that the pres«nt
army afforded only one man to every half mile of
our frontier To this he rep' ed, that all our fron-
tier was not assailable, and did not require defence
And, again, to gentlemen who said we had only
one soldier to 17,000 inhabitants, he asked what
this country wanted with a large standing army
England and the English army had been pointed
to; but did this country, like England, require an
armed soldiery to whip her subjects into obedience?
This was a country of laws, and the laws here were
enforced legally, and not at the point of the bayonet.
He was convinced reduction was necessary; and
for a reduction he should give his vote
Mr. McKEON, after expressing the surprise he
felt, at the commencement of the session, on dis-
covering that estimates had come from the War
Department which required appropriations ex-
ceeding |11,000,000, stated his determination to
vote for a reduction of ihe army, as he had vofed
for a reduction of the navy. He had seen much
in this House of the war spirit, and he heard much
ofthe cry of blood; but while they were so en-
gaged, they seemed to forget the tax paying peo-
ple, not one of whom but would say to each of
them, if they reduced the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, "Well done, good and faithful servant."
He was willing to take his share of the responsi-
bility of reducing the army; and if that was "dem-
agogmsm," he would take his share of it
Mr. DAVIS requeued the gentleman from New
York fo give way for a motion to rise, to which he
assented; bu!, on a division, it was found that a
qu rum was not m attendance.
The committee then rose, and reported that fact
to the House; and then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 31, 1842.
At the hour of 12 o'clock, Mr. Dickws, the
Secretary of the Senate, rose and called the Senate
'o order. He stated that he had received a com-
munication addressed to the Senate of the United
Sta e*, which he read, as follows:
To the Senate ofthe Umled States'
The members of the Senate have, for some time
past, be n informed that I have been much indis-
posed. I have not been able to perform the duties
of President pro tern, with punctuality, and in a
w?y sati'factory to myself. My indisposition, for
the present, continues; and, to prevent the possi-
bility of either private or public interests being
neglected, I feel constrained to resign the place
which your kindness, under the Constitution, laws,
and rules, conferred on me; and, at the same
time, to tender the expression of all the regard
and good-will towards you, individually and col-
lectively, which your kind and respectful conduct
towards me has beenso well calculated to produce 
I am, respectfully, &c. &c.
SAM'L L SOUTHARD.
Fredericksburg, Va , May 30,1842.
Mr BERRIEN said, as the unfinished business
before the Senate was the apportionment bill, which
was under the charge of the committee of which
be was a member, (the Judiciary Committee,) he
hoped it would not be considered out of place for
him to submit a motion that the Senate proceed to
organiza itself by the election of a President pro
tempou-
The motion 1 emg agreed to, the Senate proceed-
ed to ballot.   The following is the result:
FIRST BALLOT.
Whole number of vo'es given 45, necessary to a
choice 23—.
Mr. Mangum received             -           22
King            «                    .           14
Bajaid        "                    -             4
Sevier          "                                  1
K>-r            "                    .             1
Tailmadge   "                    -             1
Clayton       '■                                  1
Blank              "                                  j
There beiag no election, the Ssnate proceeded to
ballot again, and the following was the result of
THE SECOND BALLOT:
Whole number of votes given 45, necessary to a
cno ce 23 -
Mr. Mangum received              -          23
Bayard         "                    -           13
King            "                    .7
Tailmadge   "                                 \
Walker        "                              \
Mr. Mangüm having received a majority of
the whole number of votes given, was declared to
be dul^ elected President pro (em.
