^-— ■—■*■-..«■,,.....r,ii<„    i  ,-............■«^-I- ...        ,          ——■——.-
g«W..     "I—-I    ■       ■■............I.        II                       I.I.I .11    '       —.....—........—..lUll   ■      M.....I..-     II    II—  ..——-
Mr. MANGUM, on being conduc ed to the chair
by Messrs. Preston and Miller, addressed the
Senate as follows:
Senators: Although I feel myself to be almost
■without experience, so far as regards the discharge
of the duties of the station which your courtesy
has conferred upon me, and, in a great degree, un-
acquainted with the rules by which the Senate is
governed in the transaction of us business, jet,
knowing as I do the high character, standing, and
intelligence of its members, I shall rely with un-
feigned confidence upon their forbearance, and
with an honest desire to discharge the duties of
President pro tempore in the best manner which
my humble abilities will permit, I may be per-
nutted to hope that, with the co operation of that
enlightened moderation for which the Senate is so
eminently distinguished, the business of this body
may sustain no essential injury from the confer-
ring so distinguished a mark of your confidence
upon so humble an individual
The journal of proceedings of yesterday was
now read
Mr. LINN having .expressed his regret that dis-
ease continued to press heavily on the late Pres-
ident pro Itm , moved the following resolutions
Resolved That the thanks of the Senate be presented to the
Hon Samuei L Sod hard for the ability and courtesy with
which he has discharged the du íes ui the President pro tern
of the Senate
Resolved, That the Senate regi t the indisposition of the
Hon Samuel JL Southard, winch has occasioned his re ig
nailon
The resolutions were then adopted.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial fromNew-
castle county, Delawar , ¡rom farmers, traders,
and manufacturers, in which thay express the con-
viction that it is important for the preservation of
the great interests of the country that ib°re should
be established a protective tariff referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial flora Sus-
sex county, New Jersey, praying for such a revis-
ion of the tariff as will afford sufficient revenue,
and give protection to home industry refened to
the Committee on Manufactures
Mr KING said he had been waiting for some
gentleman on the other side to move the resolution
•which was usual on the elec'ion of a presiding
officer,—that is, to inform the President of the
United States, and the other House, of the fact of
such election. But as no Senator had indicated an
intention of doing so, he would move the following
order
Ordered That the Secietary of the «Senate wait on the Pies
ident of the United States, and intorm him that the toenaie ¡i m
elected the Hon Willie P Mai-olm President pro tern mtte
place 01 the Hon Samuel I solthai d who resigned, and
that the Secretary also notify the House ol the iau
The question was put, and the order was
adopted
Mr. BAYARD asked that the resolution for the
appointment of a corps of reporters for the Senate
be taken up and read the second time, but
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memorial
from citizens oí Connec <cut, remonstrating
against the passage of a bi'l passed by the House,
making Stomngton, Cotnecicut, a port of entry,
which was re erred to the Committtee on Com-
merce having charge of that bill
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which had been referred
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of George
Mayfield,"repoited the s*me back with an amend-
ment
Mr HUNTINGTON, from the Corr«mttee on
Commerce, reported baJt, without amendment,
House till to extend thc coll c ion oistric' of
Wiscacsei
Mr  LINN, fro-a the  Corami tee c Pi-vat
Land Claims, made a special repoit on tit ehm of
Francis  Ricard  to  an is and m  the U    ls&ippi
river, which v a   ordered to op pri ted
Mr. BERRIEN, trun the Committee on th  Ju-
diciary, to w.uch had beer 4e etred ihe pet! ion ot
Eicka-d H rn> and N r  rod Farrow, and the ques-
tion of the legality of a criam pwaio. to these gen-
tlemen b> Congress, reported, as the opinion of that
committee, that said award was not legally bind-
ing, either m the Government, or the parties te
iriuchit was ¡made, but that the question was still
COÑGRÉSáíONAL GLÚM.
open to both part e  for further investigation On
motion, tie ccmmit're was discharged from the
further consideration of the subject
Mr EVANS asked that the resolution he had
offered on yesterday, authorizing the Secretary of
the Senate to pay out of the contingent fund the
usual compensation to the several messengers and
laborers in the employ of the Senate who have not
been appointed by authority of law, might ba taken
up
Mr SMITH of Connecticut desired to bring the
notice of the Senate to a private bi'l pending be-
fore it, which humanity, if not justice, induced him
to ask the consideration of. It was a b.ll passed
by th  House for the relief of two old ladies—Mrs.
Elizabeth Pearce, and Mary M Telfair, of Con-
necticut I bad been reported back from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims of the Sen-
ate, with an amendment The bill proposes
to give seven hundred acres of land to those
ladies, for the revolutionary services of their
parent. They have been waiting two years the
action of Congre s, until they have exhausted their
little means, I bey have a brother who is a luna-
tic, depending on them. The little house which
they owned has been sold from over them, and they
are now left destitu e of a home and of means He
tru ted, therefore, that the tails of humanity and
justice would restrain ¿ny Senator from opposing
the motion he submitted, to take up the bill and
dispose rf it
Mr. HUNTINGTON was oppose! to (riving it
preference over other b.lis It the Senate was
disposed to tali" up the re olution d^ued by ft 
Sen tor from Mame, f Mr Evans,] and pass it, he
would not obj c, but, if noi, he should feel nimself
called uDon to -nove that the Senate take up the
appo tionm^it bill
Mr BfeRRIEN concurred with the Senatorfrom
Connecticut, [Mr Smith,] that this was a case
wmch made a s'rons app'al to the reelings of hu
m?«ity and >en e ot justice ot Senator , and he
hoped, therefore, no obj etion would be urged to
the considers on of th  bill now He hsd under
stood that the Senator fiorn Mame [Mr. Evans]
had withdrawn his motion, for the purpose of ad-
mitting the motion of the S.rator from Connecti
cut, [Mr Smith ]
Mr EVANS said that he had done so.
Th  question was put on the motion of Mr
Smith of Connecticut, and agreed to; and
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Pearce and
Mary M Telfa r, daughters and heirs of Lrael
Telfair, was taken up as in committee of the
whoie
Mr CLAYTON explained that he felt it h's
duty to state that, since the action of the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, of which he was a mem
ber, on this bill, he had ascertained 'hat the amend-
ment adopted by that committee, limiting the
amount of the clam, vsas improper, and he was
satisfied that the old ladies were entitled to'be en-
ure claim He hop d, therefore, the ameadir nt
would be rejec ed
Tat qu°sti n was put r cipeurr tig wi h the
amendment o the Committee on Revo j'ioi ary
C a.ms, and it w ~   non concurred m
The bill was th n reponed to tw S'nate, real
trie third time, and pas ed
Mr KING- ore  i ted a vr-enwi"l from ctiz^ns
of die to IV of Ffifi Id, in the co'in'y of P ckeiifc,
Alabama, p-ij  g a ch?"i-e in a mail-route, which
•was refered to the Co iim'tee on ibe Post Office
ard Post Roarls
On motion if Mr WALKER, the Senate p-o-
cf-eded ti the eonsiisrat on, as in commute" of the
\\ hot , < f
THC APPORTIONMENT D1IJ
TI-p qs-e«lioi cendi g ¥.  n tae Striate rejourned
\esterds , «as trie pit^dmen* ot he J id cía y
CVmrrii c ti iV second section of the bill, ar>d
the motion of tb, 3° i3 tor from Oh o [Mr Alien]
to «, rike out that t ■ ( e sec ion, rove' rip ibe amend-
ment of the Co'irmttte on 'ho Judiciary, (wmch
is in > ¿\ cs ) The section proposed to be stricken
out is in the fill  wir" words
Sec 2 And be it fuither enactn, That m every rise
wne uSji is tntnied to more tr-an one Representative, I lie
nam urto wt irh eac Sute shall be ent> ed under thisappoi
tioament shall he elected by distrusts, composed of coruguoHs
a*
m
territory, equal m number to the number of Representatives to
which said state may be entitled—no one district electing mora
than one Representative ] and the electionm such Slate shall,
under the laws thereof be ■made by districts such districté
shall be composed of contiguous territory, and each shall con 
tam a representative population equal to the number which,
by the existing i atio shall be required for one member, as
nearly as may be and no one district shall elect more than
one member
Mr ALLEN observed that he had submitted a
motion to strike out the whole amendment; bat
was informed it was not in order, and that the ques-
tion should first be on the committee's amendment.
He would, therefore, for the present, not press his
motion He supposed it would be quite immate-
rial whether the principle of districting the Slates
should bs discussed on a motion to adopt the
amendment of the committee, or* on the motion to
strike out the whole section. He was of course,
opposed to the section in any shape, for he did not
think the committee's amendment altered the prin-
ciple to which he was opposed He was, however,
opposed to that amendment, because it is calculated
to act unequally, leaving some of the States to
adopt the general-ticket system, if they please, but
compelling those who adopt the district system to
act according to the die ation of Congress He did
not, at the pre ent moment, mean to go into the dis-
cu sion of the question of power, but would state
one or two fac's, to show the impracticability of
carrj'as out, with jus'ice or equity, the district sys-
tem He would advert to the census of Virginia,
which was tauten in subdivisions, numerous and
unequal. In Ohio the census was taken in town-
ships of five miles square. In several of the States
it was tiken b> counties, [here being no subdivis-
ions H  mentioned several of those Sia es in which
it was taken bv counties, and it would not, therefore,
be mathematically poas.ble to dts net those States.
Suppose the ratio wa« 50 000, and three counties
were requisite to make up on" disinc' one county
would have 20,000, another 10,000, another 30,-
000, m kng 60 000—and leaving a fraction of
10 000 to be turned over to some other dis'net Ha
pointed out other dimculfes which would arise.
People were accus'omed to voté on one tie'tet in
the counties m which they Uve , out, according to
the district system, a mar living m Ross county,
n Ohio, attached to ore district, mvtead of voting
for a candidate personally known to him, might be
called into Fairfield to vote for the Representative
of another district, whom he knew nothing about.
He threw out the^e general rema'ksrath°r to elicit
the opinions of others, than to offer them as his
mam arguments on the subject.
Mi HUNTINGTON observed that he preferred
the second section of the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives, without the modification
proposed by the Judiciary Committee of the Senate.
He would state his reasons: the principal of which
was, that he eou'd not admit any doubt of either
the constitutional power of Congress over the mat-
ter, or the expediencyof exercising 'hat power at the
present time
He siiouid confine h s i oseivations to those two
points—ike constitutionality and toe expediency of
tie m<>a ure
His í ist p'op s turn wa*, that the power which
create0 acoi otnution is th  conHitut on itself
Next, that the Constitution, being the source of
the power possessed by Congiess to regulate the
auhonty, must necessarily be the power to create
as well as to regula e And as the Con'tituuon
s?vs "Co'igre's may at any time, by la , make or
alter iUch reaulationo," he on^id^d that there
was no limit ai to the al'erat on which might be
made by a laov of Coosa,- The C irititution savs
''hie timts, p ac* , aid mincer ot holding elections
for dado's an iRepre entat v=s s'i?il be prescribed
i . each Sta e bj th  Le?i latore thereof, bat the
ConeK" may at any time, by law, make or alter
vkh regit ations except as to the places of choos-
ing S rntors "
Tms c ause, as h,e construed it, operates on the
States m two wavs—binding them to conform to
the aPetation made by Congress when they (the
States) originate ac ion themselves, and, next,
whei they do not act till Congre ' ougmates the
action. And i' *s evident that Congress has a
plenary powei over trs" S an -. It is only whea
Congress does riot exercise tius power ¡na* the
