£58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was the secret of Lord Ashbarton's mission; and
in whatever settlement might be made with the
commissioners appointed by the State of Mame,
the United States should acquiesce.
Did he understand the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr Cushing] to say that he would face
the whore British army with 12 000 men—which
was the extent of our standing army? He could
tell that gentleman that oar dependence would
have to be opon the mililia of the country He
was a believer in the necessity of a small standing
army, but thought oar most powerful defence
< would be the militia. He then alluded to the as-
sistance rendered by the militia at the battle of
Waterloo, and in other actions on the continent,
and read the following extract from an account of
the battle of GUatre Bras by an English historian
*The Guard , indeed, came up at a fortunate crisis The
Bois de Bossu was won, an ¡the tirailleurs of the enemy de
"bouctung from ite uiver, were about to deploy upon the roads
that it comman led, and thns intercept the Duke's commumca
Bon witli the Prussians The fifth division, sadly redjeed
could hardly hold their ground, any offensive movement was
impracticable, and the Trench tnailteurs were issuing from the
wood But, on perceiving the advancing columrs they halted
The first brigade of Guards having loaded and fixed bayonets,
were ordered to advance, and, weaned a& they weie with a ftf
teen hours' match, they cheered, and pushed forward "*
America was populat-d wi'h large masses of
men capable of great efforts in beha'f of their
country, who could be called upon to act at a mo
ment's warning—who had been trained from their
infancy to the use of the musket and the rifle—
and to Whom, as the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr Gilmer] had said, war would be a pastime
Chateaubriand said that France was a soldier—U
France est un soldat So, he might say brother
Jonathan is a soldier, or, rather, a soldier and a
sailor too. With us, the militia is the national
guard of the United S ates We are always armed.
Every man has his musket, and feels that he has to
defend his country because it belongs to him. He
does not go to war for the pence that he receives,
but for the "-aire of bis home and h's fiie*ide
The gentleman from Massachusetts [ VIr. Cosa-
ma] had spoken of the weak front which we would
present to Lord Asnburton, if we reduced our
army. He (Mt. McK) did not measure the
strength of our forces by the square mile, or the
proportion which they bear to the population of tie
country, but by the indomitable spirit of the na-
tion,which haa ti e power to bring 100,000 men in-
to the field at almost a moment's warning. We
were told it wss ui.safe to reduce our army;
that we should break down it and the navy by the
measures we weie adopting Now, there was no
man who surpassed him in his cevotjon to both If
there was any one that was rroud of our ai my and
navy, it was him^ejí He fe't every inducement,
by education and de cent, to start here as their
champion. And as t« the men who filled up the
service, he was unwilling to heir anything said
against them. They wen hono able, faithful, and
valiant—snore so than those of any other ccun<ry
But if they were heie, h" should «ay to «ami,
"Think not that in reducing the army and navy, we
have lost our confidence m your patriotism, integ-
rity, and devotion to jour country. But we en
t-eat yoa to look it the condition ot our treasury,
and, conMderirg yourselves as a portion of tht
people, (rom whom all supplies must come, do you
not say we are n„n 1" hcom Ins knowledge of th 
spirit which chamo mzpd the-p, he believed ¡he
answe would be unamiu us in approbation of our
measures
He was aware that tht-re were many men in
the navy, who had been waiting for promotion
many yeirs, an 1 some ever since the late war
Theirs was a hard case But the people's was ^t 1
harder, for ih<y nad to pay the Uxls, and raí e the
meats He then c unten ted uvoi the Urge n
create called fo* ¡n 'bjs bil ovr the appropu-
atics of Mt Vin Bj  ,'{, adr m btr^tion. This
bill died or $8,000 005, Ms' Mi VanB<«r's
admim rra'ion < c - d t' jj 000 000 li* rt
jm&ded the c Tim tret of t e oenun lalions \ hicti
the fronds of ¡Vir   Van  Burén rece ved oí tin
" Tne undismaj ed gallantry of the Guarde was the more
remarkable as they weie composed chiefly of young soldiers
and volunteers from the militia, who had never been in ac
Hon "—Mudford
floor, for voting even that small ss.m in companion
with tne present.
There was a statement in relation to tne home
squadron which he wished Judge TTpshur and his
I* friends to answer. That squadron, for which he
voted with pleasuie is a protection to our com-
merce, remained at New York and the vicinity
during the greater part of last fall and winter.
The reason given for the delay in putting it afloat
was the want of sailors The pay on board of
men of war was said to be too small. The jack tar
wanted more, and preferred the merchant service.
He did not care for the fine clothes which he had
to wear on board of a man-of-war, and which sub-
jected him to expense.
Mr BIDLACK was understood to inquire what
was the pav of sailors in the merchant service?
Mr McEEON -aid $16 per month The pay
in the navy was $12 per month
Mr BIDLACK said he understood the pay was
generally the same in bolh services
Mr McKEON. Then, so much the woise
Still less reason wa<= there for 'he delay in the de-
parture of the squadron As the excuse had been
given ihat want of men was the cause, suppo-e
their pay were increased. Tne effect would be to
take them from the merchant service. Would it,
he asked, be right for ¡he Unt'ed States to compete
with the merchant service of the country1
It was an extraordinary fact, that, whilst the
United States could not get the home squadron
afloat, the Butish Government equipped fifty four
ships of war, without difficulty. In March last,
they equipped one ship of the line in sixteen or
eighteen days If it was known in England that
we paid sailors well here, why did they not flock
to this country? He lepeated, he wished to know
why that home squadron was detained so long be-
fore it was sent to sea.
He would not measure on army by the sqaare
mile, or the ratio of population In answe to a
suggestion of ihe gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Proffit,] who inquired whether that staidard was
adopted during the war, he said no If that gen-
tleman, who seemed more peculiarly to represent
the Pies dent on that floor, would atetare that there
was a probability of mat, he would at once surrender
his objections to 'he bill, and would vote for an in-
crease of the army, a tariff, an] a ditect tax.
There was an issue wh ch he presented to gentlg-
rrjen—an issue upon which the qu"s ion might be
fairly srgued.
M' PROFFIT said, if he ngh ly understood the
Constitu tin of the United SK,ts, t' ° war d c arirg
potter nelonged to Congress, and if h? understood
th  present Congrcs theie was not much danger
of war being ri elarrd
Mr M-KEON rereal°d, thit, if the President
would "end a rres'-age intimating 'hat our riglns
were not respected abroa!, and ¡n?t 'h're was a
probability of war, he >"0ul! go to ibe ultimátum
in enformg the claims oí our ron dry But, at
presrm, we rere a'l in the dark on the subject of
our foreigi relations. He w i,ed to let the coun
try know it—that no 1L"pit creative? were evei so
mc"ulg°ru towards the Executive of the United
States as the present mucb-sbu^d Congress had
been towards the present President No resolu ion
of irqury, in relation 'o any subject, had been
ador ted by the House, because it was designed to
give the Executive a fair oppoitumty of conduct-
ing the f<re ,n relations of our country But he
wa5 corrected by Mr. CdsHinq The Hou^e had, in
cne u^'arice, made an inqu y of the President,
whic i ne sent them word it was not p'oper for them
u krow any thing about D d we 'hen abu«e him?
Most cena'n'y not
if, licrefore,  ny wroig„ b&d been pemetrated
v íah it would ce i tees a y for os to aven„e, we
wee not nfojtned ot t, em. If sen lemen <■-d
•at1" rt-pi is of t'-o Pcreti y of Wai a d Gene-
ral Set t' i e-" t) be aken fs a b  ot;> on \ h <• to
act, he "iked then   by t'iey did act "i 'ow the id-
vic> * ti oso dtctments henwlvrs'1 I<" <ne advice
of General Scott was U\en, the army v ould be
considerably increada, inste id of being r duced,
and no gertlenaan on that floor hud yet advocated
any such measure. Tne gentleman from Massa-
chusetts had appealed to the Whig party in behalf
of ti e army. He (Mr McK ) bad no right to
make an appeal to that p^rty himself, but when
they returned to their constituents and were asked
whe'her the approp lations had been diminished,
and whether the enormous expenditures oí the
spendthrift administration of Mr Van Buren had
been checked, what an^wr would the gentleman
from Massachusetts le urn for them? He would
have to tell the people (the constituents of those
Whig gentlemen who weie sent here on the whirl-
wind of reform to correct the abuses of the Govern,
ment) that the expenditures have been increased
in the army, the navy, and m the civil and diplo-
matic dep?rtments of the Government. The Gov-
ernment which only thirteen millions was to have
supported, the Secretary of the Treasury now said
required thirty-three millions. He might say to
the gentlemen that they ceuld not stand before
their constituents, who sent them here as the friends
of economy, and justify themselves for voting for
these largp appropriations They could not stand
up upon the stump as thay were wont, with these
appropriations staring them in the face—no,
not e^en with all the force and eloquence of the
gentleman from Massachusetts in their behalf.
Whether they appropriated $13,000 000, which the
Whigs formerly said was enough, or $33,000,000,
which the Secretary now called for, he (Mi. McK.)
might stand aside folding his arms and say—Rush
on, irerease the tariff until burning resentment and
jealousies are created between different sections of
the Union. In this posture of affairs, he and his
party might exclaim, "you cannot say tee did it."
The majority of that House—the majority of 30
or 40—would be responsib'e to the country for
whatever action was had upon this bill Gentle-
rren m ght ask why we were advocating such an
instantaneous reduction. He would say that, du-
ring the past Administration, a gradual system of
reduction in the expenses of the Government had
 een commenced and earned on. Now, however,
this Administration proposed per sallum to increase
tne expenditures from $22,000,000 to $33,000,000.
But, he was reminded ihat, during a portion of Mr.
Van Buren'sf Administration, the expenditures
amounted to $36 00O.COO. This was during the
Florida war, which is now over, and at the time
when the Government was erecting the large build-
ings, for the completion of which we were now
contending. Though all these sources of expendi-
ture are now extinguished, we are called on for an
increased expenditure. He avowed plainly that
he was opposed to any mc-oase, because it would
superinduce the necessity of raising the tariff.
Whatever revenue was raised, would have tocóme
out of the imports into our country, and he prefer-
red to see a flourish rg commerce to an extended
navy He was unwi Ing to see articles which the
people used, which the poor are compelled to use,
wh eh the agricultural and laboring portion of the
community must purchas , raised in price, in order
to meet magnificent appropriations for the army
and navy
Afer this general view, he came to the mam
question, Why reduce the army? Assuming that
we should have no difficulty with any 'oreign pow-
er, he agreed witn the gentleman from Masst cbu-
setts, [Mr Gushing ] that there ™a<s need of a small
Standing army, as a nucleus around wmeh a larger
f"-"  might be formed.    Bjt he thought six or
force
eight thousand men «er<* sufficient for this purpose.
He was for keeping up the scientific portion of the
army—the engineer corps, and tha* portion which
kept our public works in order, and for reducing;
the con=um ng portion The army was increased
to its pre ent «ize in consequence of the Plonda
ard Black Hawk wars Our predecessors looked
cpon 6 000 as t e peace establishment. According
to the stateirvnt of 0>e Commanding General, four
or fiv thtu«an< men would be throwr. oat of ser-
vice by the 'ermumion of tbe Plouda war. He
thought the remaining force was sufficunt to gam-
on o r forts in time of peac  He was m faver
of reducing the infartry 'n preference to the cav-
aiiy, ilthough the latter was mor  expensive; be-
cause ¡t would be a better defence on our Western
frontier.
He called the attention of tne committee to the
forces of England now in Canada.   They were
