CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&$ 
increased, not, as was sapposed, in consequence of
Apprehended difficulties with the United Siatc; but
the increase in that province was ordered in 1837,
SB consequence of the attempt made to resist the
authority of the Government. It was somewhat
remarkable that the very suggestions which had
been made by the gentlemen from Tennessee [Mr.
W. B. Campbell] and North Carolina, [Mr Mc-
Kay,] were proposed by Sir H. Hardmge, in March
last, to the British Parliament. He proposed to
reduce fifty battalions, now serving in Canada or
the East Indies, six men in each company, thus
saving ¿£61 000. From his speech in 1843, it ap-
peared that there were—
Troops, (exclusive of those employed in
India).....95 628
Troops paid by East India Company       .   26 940
Total for 1842     .... 122,568
increase over 1841           .           .           .     1,447
Sum required       .           .           •       £3 581575
In 1837, (before the Canada revolution,) nine
battalion , making 4.500. Now, twenty-five regi-
ments.
If gentlemen wished to legislate according to the
Bntish force , he would give them an idea of their
extent, and let them have the terrific picture of
their navy before their eyes They had 271 ves-
sels in commission in various parts of the world
He asseited that we would treat with England up
on terms of equah y, even if w« had not a vessel
afloat or a man armed. No consideration of the
inequality of our forces would be allowed to influ-
ence our action. He shrunk from the idea that
we were to legislate in relation to our army or
navy according to the size of the British. Tie
proportion of our army to o .r population was 12
men to every 17 000 inhabitants. He read a state-
ment of the ratios in different foreign countrie •
Standing armi s of the pnnc pal European States
in 1832, relatively to their respective  popula
tions
Denmark
lit
every 50 inhabitants.
Sweden
1
53
Wurtemberg .
1
59
Poland
1
60
Prussia
1
68
Bavaria
1
69
Riusia
1
70
Austria
1
103
France
1
110
England
1
140
Two Sicilies .
1
200
Tuscany
1
400
Slates of the Church .
1
500
Some conversation
here
occurred between Mr.
PROFFIT and Mr. McKbON, m relation to the
Rhode Island case, Dorr's sword, &c But it was
not heard with sufficient distinctness to be re-
ported.
The gentleman had sa d it was necessary to gar-
rison our fon-, v  hit was the c^lculat on of me
force required? He read, in answer to this ques-
tion, a statement annexed to Colonel Totten's re-
port in March 26, 1842, (Doc. 168,) showing the
number of i unifications in the United States, and 'he
numbei of men required to garrí on them m time
of peace, unde* the resolution of the Hoube of
AugustO, 1841
Northern fron*ier           .           •            •           45ü
Atlantic frontier—Old works repaired,  and
those proposed to be repaired .           .        1 575
Works under con (ruction        .           •           &05
Gulf frontier —Old works repaired, and those
proposed to be repaired         .            ■           310
Works under construction        •            •           14°
The whole force little upwards of          .        3,000
There were but 1,000 men on the Western frop-
tier from Fort Leavuworih to New Clean . He
had no doubt that more raen couid becmpioyel,
accord.ng to the pUn of General Ssott, but we had
not the means.
He then allud-d to the surplus revenue wh ch
was squandered upon the States. Then would
have been the proper time to have improved our
fortifications. He then emreated the House to
apply it to fortifications, but in vain. He stood
in a miserable minority of 41.   In the Senate,
too, there were but five votes against that measure
of dislnbution. He was proud of the vote he had
given. Now, the very men who voted to distribute
this money to the States were clamorous for large
appropriations towards the navy. He alluded to
the quotation of Mr. Ctjshino from Lear, and
asked why he had not quoted the wise sayings of
the statesmen whose characters were pictured m
the immortal language of Shakspeare, instead
of an old and weak monarch? He asked if that
helpless victim of royalty was to be considered as
emblematical of the weakness of the present Ad
ministration After some other remarks, Mr.
McK concluded bv =aymg that he felt it to be his
duty to vo e against appropriations which would
cripple the means of the country, in order to raise
the army and navy
Mr. FESSENDEN observed that every gent'e-
man who addressed tha committee in favor of a
reduction of the army, took care to guard himself
by saying that he was a good friend both to the
army and the navy. Now, he did not pretend to
be a friend to either, except so far as they were
necssary for the service of the country. He look-
ed upon them as matters of necessity, and he would
vote appropriation? for them so far as it was neces-
sary to carry out the objects for which they were
created, and no farther. Nothing, therefore, that
he should say on this occasion would be predicated
on any peeuhpr attachment to these institutions.
The  particular proposition then before the com-
mittee was for a reduction of the  arm}; and he
should confine himself to that question alone, with-
out  wandering  into the discussion of other topics
that had leen brought up in the ourseof the debate.
He agreed wi'h the «emlemaa fi >m Virginia [Mr.
Gilmdp] that there were some «ouses in the army
that ought to be  corrected, and the correction of
which would be to the advantage of the country, as
well as of tne  atmj  itself.    But,  because there
were abu-.es, did it lo low that the army should be
reduced below the natural and necessary s andard,
in order to get rid of them?    Had they not some
other - ode of correcting these abuses than that of
reduction?    Had thev not the power of originating
bi'is fixing the disbursements for the army on a
definite footing, ahd  lepvmg nothing  to the dis-
cie'ios of the rlepirtments? Among the abuses that
needed correction, was the cifficuity of ascertaining
what the pa/ of the officers was, and, by passing a
law declaring dist nctly what the pay and emolu-
ments of each grade shou d be, a great relorm
would be actompl'shed.
The question ot the reduction of the army was
one of sufficient importance of itself to occupy the
time of 'he committee wuh, and he should not,
therefore, go in'o any other subject In reference
to .his question, he had been endeavoring to g t
at some facts to «;oide his vote, and to enable him
to give sitisfactory reasons to himself, and to those
to who-* he was accountable, for the course he
' íould pursue, but he had yet learned netting that
could satisfactorily justi y the lopping off one th rd
of the army, as it was preponed to do. L aving
out of tht question what   done in European
eoun'ne-, n r°c d to their a.mie-, he con«iderf d
the sulject in re'ererce *o this country alone No
ccmo=<n-en coi'i s?fely be ma e beiwe-n thi-
country ard the «ov ¡nments of the Old World ir
¡eferente to uc amount ot militar/ and naval
forces requ.i-ed by t^em Their Urge milita-y and
n°val csub'i'ht rn's were pan'y the consequence
if abuses m their systems of government, «and
partly owirg to their geographical positions With
us, the case was different O ir very distance from
the nations with which we m ght come m conflict,
was of us If erinnnl-nt to a large army , and we
needed no M u -o'diery to p'otec' us against our
own ci izo"1-.
Tiiep, b3tve e tne dicumi'snces th*t ough to
be consu cd n set! ng a riatt r of this kind? Ii
the first oiace we sh uld co is*der what nuniH - oí
n en was necc -ry to li-*p up a military sp n' n
•ne country, and to preferV" a stsnda A ot d hel-
pline, second, w' at rumber was sufficient to 5,11-
rison the militar po« 0 of the United Slates, «hat
number was nec-sary to protect ot r borders
against Indian incursions, and what number was
necessary to carry into effect our Indian treaties,
and to preserve peace among the Indian tribes,
which we were bound to do. Mr. F. then pro-
ceeded to argue, at great length, that our present
army was not moie than sufficient for all these pur-
poses; and that it would not bear any reduc'ion of
its numbers, without essenliallyjeoparding the pub-
lic service. For the mere purpose of garrisoning
the forts, and the preservation of the public prop-
erty, lie had no doovt that an army of six thousand
men was as. j-ood as twelve thousand, but that was
not the only object of keeping up an army. There
was another object, and that was—to keep up a
military spirit in the coun'ry, and to preserve a
proper degree of discipline These two objects,
however, could not be accomplished together; for
if they pat baHy men enough in the forts to gar-
rison them, and preserve th" public property, there
would in no place be enough of them collected
together to acqui'e a knowledge of their profession.
He was, therefore, for having men enough to com-
bine the two objects together. Mr. F. went on to
show that the condition of the country was widely
different from what it was in 1821, when the army
was reduced. la 3821, we had no military posts:
now, they amounted to thirty-odd, on the Atlantic,
on the Gfulf, on the Indian and Northern frontiers,
and on the lakes Now, how many men would be
necessary to garrison all these posts, and keep up
the discipline of the army, as well as a military
spirit in the country, as well as to preserve the
public pioperty? He was not prepared to say how
many would be necessary, but certainly thought
that the Dresent army was not more than sufficient
for these objec -.
Mr GOGGIN said that the report from the
War Department vated that 3,000 men were all
that were nec-s ar to garrison the tmUtaiy posts—
Mr FESSENDEN said the Secretary only refer-
red to the number if men necessary to garrrson the
po5ts and pr scve the public property; but he was
speaking also of the number necessary for the
o her object, of keeping ahve a military spirit and
the preservation of discipl'ne
[Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
GOGGiN and FES&ENDEN, after which, Mr. F.
spoke of the number of troops required on our
Western bordéis to prevent incursions of the In-
dians, and to preserve peace among the Indian
tribes]
He would not say how many would be neces-
sary, but there mus' be enough to awe the sav-
ages, reoel promptly any aggressions, and to
make ¡hem know that they cannot raake incur-
sions into oui s> ttlemenn> with impunity. Mr.
F. next referred to the opinions of the Secretary of
War, and of the Commanding General, m favor of
an increase ef our military ft rce, and, m conclu-
sion, earnestly opposed an/ reduction of the corps
of topograpn cal engineers, comisen ing on 'he im-
portance of their duties, and the valje of iheir ser-
vces, b ítn m t me of war p id in time of peace.
Mr WARREN of Georgia said that he should
vote for the greatest ref'ac ^n hit bad been pro-
posed, and al tieeane-t posible time He had
not been ab'e to see any útil ty m 'he army, except
for gams 1 in ounmU arv pos's, pud the protection
Of ¡he pub'ic proper y n them , an I, for that pur-
pose, in army r< duccd to tne lowest limit that had
fapen proposed tooü be sufficient He was not
\ tiling to be governed by the opinions of the Sec-
r-tary ot War and of theTommaiding General;for
if the army was graduated by their «cale, as well as
for the purpose of keeping up a ou'itary spirit, the
whole counuy would soon be one military camp.
After a few remarks, in justifica ion of his vote on
the navy bi'l, Mr W said that he c?me from a
tax-payng, not a tpx consuming, p^op'e, and he
mu-t w-i¿h we11 every object of public expenditure
befe re he conl 1 vo e for ii Hi- people were not
beseecMie him '0 impose taxes in order that they
m"h pafit by them. If he rep-esen ed such
a co  titu-oci as thai of the gentleman from
Mi.ie w-.o expec'ed mon°y to be expended
among them tor builfmg fons, and t0 whom
tasantn would prove a Dieting, he might also be
m faror of prese'vng the army, for tne sake of
keeping alive a mi' taiy spirit in the country He
was not to be influenced by the cry that he had so
often heard repeated, of danger of collision with
