CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         563
it       i     1 r    r    i               ......T i       i       i ■- i . ■ (   n  ■                 i ...                                                          i                       ,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ii                      !■                       n                    i i                       i      i     ■      i    i                       ■               i
ticket system to the district system; and asserted
that the number at present practising the general
ticket system did not exceed five or six. This was
a less, instead of a greater number than hitherto,
and therefore he could not see what there was to
justify the exercise of a power now, which was
looked upon with great jealousy when it was given,
and which, it was understood, was not to be exer-
cised but in the last extremity.
It is a power of the most insidious and dangerous
tendency. Tms being the charac'er of the power—
an obtruuve power to regulate the domestic ar-
rangements of the States—he would ask, was it
proper, was it desirable, was it safe, for Congress
to obtrude its obnoxious powers?
He could find no analogy for such an exercise of
the double power of legislation, but in the action of
Great Britain in us interference with the colonial
leeislation of this country at the time of the Revo-
lution; and what was the consequence! It was the
dismemberment and breaking up of the gtea'est
power on earth. What did Edmund Burke say'
He said the legal existence of a power may survive
safe only m a dormant state, but it may be danger
ous and destructive to it and to other associate pow-
to exercise it.
He deprecated the exercise of such a power
now, or on an occasion short of one imperiously
necessary; particularly of such a dangerous and
obstrusive power as this All ihe conventions
which had discussed the subject, had concurred in
the danger of this irsidious power; and it was only
under the strongest asMiraT-es that this power vas
not to be exercised un'ess in cases of high politi-
cal necessity, that they could be induced to ratify
the Constitution. No such necessity now exists.
To exercise the power then, wi'hout such neees'ity,
would be a gross violation of good faith.
He abhorred the general-ticket system as much as
any gentleman; but he believed there might be
cases in whicn it would be more csnvenient for
small States than ary other But he fully believed
that the popular feeling throughout the country
would settle down, if let alone by Congress, m favor
of the district system.
Exercise this powei now, and what is to prevent
the next Congress from reversing the system, and
using the same power to compel the Slates to carry
out the general-ticket system uniformly? In the
revolutions of parties, it was not an improbaole
event that another and different party might have
the control of legislation here when the next Con-
gress meets. If relentless, hearties', party organiza-
tion should prevail, it might naturally lead to the
control of the elements of its own preservation,
by the adoption of the general-ticket sj item
He would say to Senators, that when vot'ng for
the exercise of th.s power, they \ ere voting tor a
bloody instruction—voting for the filling up of the
poisoned chaLce which wa* to be returned to their
own lips to quaff
His coni. etion v-as, ti. t if the States were let
alone, no case would occur for the necess ty of in
terferenc . ft was .he only way to avprt the heart-
less & id de potic organ ¿a ion of party power
He would vote against tae amendment, and then
against the or ~ nal secLon.
Mr. MERki„K obseived, that different minds
came to different cone usions The Senator eon
ceives that the  * "-ise of mis power will lead
to the universal adoption of trie general-ticket sys-
tem. He (Mr M ) conceived that the non-exer-
cise of the power would lead to that result Tnis
was the time to adopt the district sysiem, while
Congress had the power to do it If it was done
now, it might be consideied permanent, as the pop-
ular feeling was already strongly in its favor, and
would be conti med in it when made genera'.
Mr RIVES ¿aid his honorable fuend had reas-
oned as if the district system would be irrevocabls
if now settled. But could the Sena e be blind to the
fact, that if the disuict system is carried now, it
will be by a party vote, and that if another and a
different party be in power next Congress, they * 1!
revoke this system, and adopt its opposite' What
State or what portion of thecommun ty had coni-
plained of the liberty now enjoyed by the States, to
choose what system they please? The great e^ -
•was, that the legislation of Ihe General Govern-
ment would be exercised by the cold, heartless po>-
lcy of closely organized dominant parties, from the
intrigues of which nothing short of the destruction
of our institutions could result. The party now in
power sets the example of using a dangerous, dor-
mant power for party purposes, and the next party
in power will follow it to their own advantage.
Mr. MERRICK did not say the district system
would be irrevocable; but that there was no danger
of its being revoked, because it was a system moral-
ly fixed in tne hearts of the people, and it would be
permanently fixed if once adopted by Congress.
Now was the time for Congress to act, to secure this
result
Mr. RIVE3 had said that, as long as the subject
was left to thp States themselves, popular sympa-
thy would go wiih the State Legislatures, but, once
the dictation is taken by party organization, popu-
lar sympathy will be aroused against the usurpa-
tion, and the consequence will be, that they will re-
pudiate what they would otherwise approve, be-
cause they will feel sensitively the danger and in-
delicacy of ih*ir State Legislatures succumbing to
a great central consolidated party organization in
the Federal Government.
Mr. ALLEN addressed the Senate at considera-
ble length in opposition to the whole section.
The question being on the amendment of the
Judiciary Committee, inserted above—
Mr EVANS demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being put,
the amendment was rej°cted by yeas 4, nays 40,
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Boirien, Buchanan, Linn, and Wright—i
NA.YS—Messis Archer, Bagby Barrow Bates, Bayan'
Benton, Calhoun, Clayton, Conrad, Craft , Crittenden, Cutli
bert, brans, Fulton, Giaham, Huntington, Kerr, King, Mc
Roberts Mangum, Meinck, Miller Morehead, Porter, Preston,
tUveo, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indi
ana Sprague, Sturgeon Tall madge, Tappan, Walker, White,
Wilcox Woodbridgo Woodbury, and Young—40
Mr. WRIGHT moved to amend the second sec-
tion, (as inserted above,) by striking out the
words "no one district electing more than one
Representative," and by inserting the words "as
far as th?t can be done in conformity with the
established election systems of the States; but no
State shall, by virtue of the provisions of this sec-
tion, consider itself called upon to divide counties,
or other elecuon districts, for the purpose of fui-
mshmg smgle districts "
Mr WRIGHT said he desired, by this amend-
ment, to bring ihe question home on ih° jou nal,
whether it is the disposition of Congress to compel
t>e Sta'ts—because, in the debate of yesterday, it
was denied by the Senator from Connecfcut, [Mr.
Huntinqtvn ] «¿d o hers, that ihe Legislature of
the States were to be commanded by this legisla-
tion of ours He desired to know whether the
de ign of Congress was, that the States should be
represented m such manner s was prescribed by
their own act, or not be represented at ill
Heca led upon anv «I nator to n«e in hu piece
and say whether, if ihe Static ud not act to ca ry ,
out the df ign of Congress, their Repie«ntrtues ,1
touI t be rejecied Tne S ra or friti Mi*-.!-.* ppi
[Mr Hí.\derson] dc'ared tod^j. <-Jch xe th-
desig1?, inn the R presenta ives shci 'd rot be f 1-
mitted, unless elected confoim?biy to t>is act He
desired to test this po.nt now The la-t thing he
would ao *vould be 'o bring us own S a e in col-
lision with Cong ess But if you undertake to order
the S ate of New York as to the manner in which she
shall elect hei Representatives—if yon attempt to ex-
ert the power over her legislation—he did not stand
there to say that she would not permit you to do it
He did not say that she would permit you to do it,
and, for his life, he would njt say such a thing.
Mr. W. continued h>s remarks to a late hour, ex
planatory of the amendment, and in pointing out
the odiousness of the principles of the second sec-
tion of the bill, and tf-e embarrassments and dan-
gers which would arise if an attempt was made to
6XPCU16    it
Mr. CRITTENDEN obtained the floor, but
gave way to
Mr WALKER, on vthose motion the appor-
tionment bill was passed ovei mformallj, and
several bills from the House, on the President' 
table, we's read twice, and appropriately referred
The PRESIDENT pro Urn. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the acting Commissioner
of the General Land Office, accompanied by docu-
ments in relation to the conduct of N. P. Taylor,
register of the land office at St Louis, and former
clerk m the General Land Office, communicated m
compliance with a resolution of the Senate.
On molion of Mr. BENTON, ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Oa motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 1, 1842.
Mr. CLIFFORD rose to a question respecting
the correctness of the jonrnsl. At the close of
yesterday's session, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means offered the following as an
addi'ion to the 123d rule •
" It shall he m order for any member in Committee of the
Whole to move that the vote on the pending question under
consi leration be then taken, and the vo.p on such motion shall
be taken without debate, and, if carried, the vote shall be im-
meiiatefy taken without further debate on the pending question
before the committee "
At the time this amendment was offered, there
were objections made from various parts of the
House; he (Mr. Clifford) particularly stated his
objection; and being so objected to, it had come
improperly on the journal.
Mr. BOWNE remarked, that at the time ihe
notice was given by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr Fillmore,] a motion to adjourn was
pending, and he objected on that account
Mr. FILLMORE said he was not sohcitous
about the notice he gave, one way or the other; if
the House thought proper to s'nke it from the
journal, he bad not a word to say The House,
however, would recollect that ii was objected toby
the gen leman from Indiana [Mr. ProffiT] while
he was on the floor.
Mr CLIFFORD reiterated that it was objected
to on ad sides of the House.
The journal was then corrected by the erasure
of the notice given by Mr. Fillmobe
PORTRAIT OF COLUMBUS.
The SPEAKER presented to the House the fol-
lowing communication-
Charmstov May 24, 1842.
To the Hon Speaker of the House of Repi esentatives
bin I have the honor to solicit your acceptance, on behalf of
Consi ess, oí the accompanying portrait, representing the great
discoverer of our hemisphere—the immortal Columbus, nona
of whose likenesses hitherto extant can be regarded as au-
thentic
While in charge of our legation at Madi id, it was my good
fortune aftei many fruitless searches inquest of tile genuine
likeness, to fall in with, that of which I now present the copy,
executed for me by Señor Madraza, directer of the Royal
Museum m that capital
The certificate annexed to the portrait of Don Fernandez
dt, Mvarette will, no doubt appear conclusive as to its su
per ortty over other likenesses, to aP aware (and ail who
know him are so) as well oí his high sense ofhonoi, as of his
unnvai ed acquaintance with thehistory private and public, of
all tbegrea'disco\eiers And if, after lefeinng to histestlmo
ma'« this paintirgheiegardodwoi thy yom icceptance, my sat
rtic in will be shaied by every true American, n seeing it
¡ ^e a- it oti ht to be, among he tfii íes of the fathers of
our     eat Republic
I have the honoito b^ su
With the greatest reef ect
Yiur o( etlentseivan!,
ARTHUR -VIIDDLETON
Mr. EVERETT and Mr. HOLMES -ose simul-
tat>"cusly.
Mr EV2RETT moved the reference of this
comtounicat'on to the Comrmtt-e on the Library.
Mr HOLMES submitted a r so'ution of ¿c ept-
ance of the portrait, that it be placed a tne library
of Congress and that the thanks of me House be
returned to the donor.
Mr. EVERETT reiterated that it was proper
that the communication should be referred to the
Committee on the Library before the House took
any final action on the subject.
It was so referred accordingly.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs chaiged by
the order of this House with the investigation of frauds alleged
o have been commuted in \rkansa«, or elsewhere, u| on the
C ierokee Chickasaw, or other Indians have power to send for
persons and papers
Mr GWIN called up the special order, being a
bjil to amend an act entitled "An act to carry into
effect, m the States of A'abama arid Mississippi,
the existing compacts with those States with regard
