564
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the Ave per cent, fund and the school reserva-
tions."
Mr. Gwjn explained the bill as being intended to
remedy the defects of the act of 1836, authorizing
the Governor of Mississippi, instead of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to s'elect the school lands allotted
by the bill to that portion of the State of Missis-
sippi comprised in the Chickasaw cessien. It fur-
ther aothoirred the selection to be made out of any
lands remaining unsold within either of the land
districts contiguous to the lands ceaed by the Chiek-
asaw Indians. He hoped the bill might be per-
muted to pass without objection, as it was an cbvi-
ous act of justice to that portion of the people of
Mississippi who occupy the lands ceded by the
Chicka^awo. Without some member objected to
the passage of the bill, he would not detain the
House by any remarks in its favor.
Mr HOPKINS objected to Us passage, because
it authorized the selections to be made out of lands
that had not been offered at public sale.   He never
, would agree to the pasbage of the bill with that
feature m it.
Mr. GWIN hoped the House would indulge him
in making a brief explanation as to the objection
reisad to the bi 1 by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr Hopkins ] An omission or oversight m the
Chickasaw treaty had deprived a portion of the
State of Mississippi, containing fifty thousand in-
habitants, of school lands, or a school fund. Th's
act was intended to remedy that oversight. It was
the only portion, he believed, of any new State,
that was not secured in the thirty-sixth part of all
the lands within their borders, as a school fund.
Certainly it was the only portion of the State of
Mi-sissippi. If these lands are to be selected out
of those that have been offered at public sale in
the two adjacent land districts, it would be impossi-
ble to ge' land worth one-founh as much as those
lost to the State by this omission in the treaty. In
tact, (he State had refused to take lands thus situ-
ated, under the law this is intended to amend,
passe 1 hx j ears ago, and it would be a flagrant act
ot injustice to deny her a ^election in the two or
three millions o't acres unsold in the Choechuma
and C .lumbus land districts, when rightfully she
was entitled to an average selection out of sevr n mil-
lions of acres, the amount contained m the Chieka
^aw cession If limited to the waste lands in those
district*, it would be a mockery of justice, especial-
ly after ths passage of the various pre-emption
l«t*s, aJloum* selections out of the lands not offer-
ed at public laie, and the grant made to the State
at the extta session, of half a million of acres to be
seitctrd from any lands remaining unsold within
Us borders These laws would cause all the public
lands to be culled, to an extent that he feared not
enough of an average good quality would reruain
to do justice to the citizens in the Chickasaw ces-
sion under the provisions of this bill.
Mr HOPKINS reuerated his objections. He
íeared u raigat be cited as a precedent hereafter,
allrough it might be just to pass the bill in thti in-
stance
Several members called for the reading of the
bi I    At cr it was read,
Mr f'E3$EftDüN asked if it had been reported
by a cownitice
Mr. GWilYob crved thit it had been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands by hi* col-
league, [Mr. Thompson,] one of the committee,
who, from s-vere indisposition, was unab'e to at-
tend t'jp Ho ise this morning.
Mr G rei crated his anxious desire for the
passage of the bill, as it was one of great impor-
tance to hi rvnstitueat , and he hoped no member
would vute against th  bill from wrong impressions
ths.' it g>-an ed to the State what she was not en-
titled to such was not the fact. The Governor
was I,mi Ld in its selection to the adjpeent land
nib'1 ct> to th  Ch cka aw cession, and he had va-
rious i'o"ur> ents from the General Land Office
showiijf? that it world be difficult to get lands equal
to 'ho e of which the State had bepn deprived, bat
he would not d-lim the House by reading thei*
Tellers were detnanded,„anJ the bill was pissed
—84 voting m the affirmative, noes not counted
Mr. S&LSTONSTAJLL asked leave to offer the
following resolution:
Kpm/iiw? That the House, as hi Committee of Ihe Whole on
lhe"fihlumt, "^proceed to the consent,™ o the
bill No 312 supplementary to the act entitled "An act to modliy
the act of the 14th July, 18d2, and all other a-ts imposing Ju
tiesoríimports," approved M Wi 2d, 1833, on the day next sue
ceed,n¿X'on which the bill No75. making «PP'OP  "™
for the military service, shall be finally disposed of, arid that
the House from day to day will continue the consideration of
said bill No 312, until the ame shall be disposed of by the
passage thereof, or otherwise
Obj-ctipn was made, and the resolution was not
received
Mr HARRIS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported the bill from the Senate for the
rehet of the Isgal representatives of Nathaniel
Prior, deceased, without am?ndrrent
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the H.ra-e
proceeded to the orders of the day, being the bills
in re'ation to the Dstrict of Columba, and the
fo'lowmg were cof-iaered:
The bill for the rel-ef of Caspar W. Wever.
Read twice, and refened to the Committee of the
Whole House, and made the order of tue day for
to-morrow.
The bill to suspend, for a limited time, the opera-
tion of a portion of the act entuled "An act to re
vive and cortinue in force the charters of certain
banks in the District of Columbia," was tasen up
on its third reading.
Mr CUSH1NG suggested to his friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] ihat if he began
with that bill, it would probably consume ths who.e
of the two days allotted for the business of the Dis-
trict. He understood that its ooject was to legalize
in the District the circulation of the depreciated
currency of Virginia,—a measure which certainty
could not pass witnout considerable opposition.
He entertained serious objections to the bill, and
hoped his friend from Kentucky would not ptess it
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, alter a few remarks
not heard, moved to lay the bill on the tab'e.
Mi. CUSHING then observed that he under-
stood that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr Pow
ell] wished to address the House on the subject,
and he therefore hoped that the gentleman fiom
Tennessee would withdraw his moaon.
Mr JOHNSON then wi'hdrew his motion
Mr POWELL advocated the bill He gave a
history oí the banks in the District dim ? the last
few years Their charters had expired for «-orne
time previous to the extra se siors la t yrar, when
they were rtchaitered, but upon such terms as to
prevent their doi g much business. They were
forbidden by the net of August, 1841, to pay out or
receive the notes of non specie pa} ing banks.
This prohibition took effect last March, at which
time it was supposed that the banks m the neigh
boring States would have resumed the payment of
specie. In this, hows ver, the e xpec'atiors of those
who passed the law b?d been drappom.eo, ard
now the effect of the law was to prohibit th  b?nKs
from paying out or rece vug what uas the cur-
rency or the Di tnci The act of Cong-ess was a
dead letter to the tank', tney could not is u" their
ofn paper, because it would soon be taken up and
returned for payment in specie The only reruedy
was to allow the banks he-e to receive on depos t and
to issue the paper actually current m the Dis r ct
The Virginia banks had been allowed by tee Legis-
lature until Noverrber to resume, but he confi <ent-
ly belie/ed that it would take place at an earlier
period—probably in Acgu't.
Mr P. went into a review of the circulation and
'•ondi ion of the District ban^e. This bill allowed
(hen to s^u  and reenve paper current in tie
D.strict und March, 1843 Tae Senate had
amended if by a proviso 1111111111? its operation to
the peno-1 when ihe banks of R c mond or Balti-
more should resume specie payment He moved
to strike out "or" and insert "and," so as to al-
low the banks to issue paper current in the Dis-
trict, until resumpürn shojM be arcompRhfd m
both Maryland and Virginia, lit, concluded by
moving the prev iu„ question
Mr WELLER moved that the hUbe laid upon
the table    This motion was rejected as follow
YEA.S —Me'oie Arlington, Atlier on, B e o 1 lii I'aok
Bidseye, Blac'c, Bowne Poyd Biewster Chai es íítnwn
Ku ke Wm O Bjtler t reen W Cal Iwell Patnck C dirt
well fary Casey Cinpnan Cliff ml Clint in tole Vdik
A Cooper, Cross, Cushirg, Dan el Richard D D us Dean
Doan Doig, Faslman E^beit Terr!", Fillmnre Icl n G I kyd
Charles A   Floyd, Tirnance, A    I   Foster, Geiry, William
O GooiKGwm 3 Hasangs, Hopkins, Houck.Hubard, Hunter,
Chas J In'ersoli, Jack, Cave Johnson John W Jones Keim,
Andrew Kennedy, Lmlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClel
Ian, McKay, MeKeon, Mallow Alfred Ma'shall, Math
ews, Mattoeks, Maxwell, Mt-diU, Mulcr, Newhard, Oliver,
Osborne, Patrldge, Pickens, Ramsey, Randolph, Reed, Red
mg, Reynold , Rhetl, Rogéis, RoOseveit plunders Shaw,
Shields, Will.am smith, Snyder, S eeniod, Sumter, Sweney,
VanBmen, Weller, and Westbrook —?>
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Landaff W Andrews, Arnold,
AYCri-s, Bakei, Barton, Blair Boardman Briggs, Br ickway,
Jeremiah Brown, William Butler, Calhoun, William B Cam
nhell, 1 nomas J Campbell, Caruth r  Childs, Chittenden,
John C Cark, Staley N Clark-, Jamos Cooper, Conen,
Cran-ton, Cravens Garrett Davis, Dcbuiy Everett, Fessen
den, Thonr-s T Fostei, Gamble, Giddmts, Gog ™ Patrick G
Goode, Gianger, Green, Haberbham, Huds n. Hunt, Joseph
R Ineersoll, J Irvm limes, Wm Cost Tohnson Km;,
Lane, MoKennan, ^amson Mason, Mathiot, Maynaid, Men
nether, Mitchell, Moore, Muigan, Morn , Morrow, Owsley,
Pearce Pendleton, Pope Powell Alexander Randall Kayner,
Rcncher, Ridgwav, Rodney W Riiasell, J M Russell, Salton-
s'all, Shepperd, bimonton, Slide Tiuman Smith, Stanly,
Stokely Stratton John 1 fetuait, ¡siimraeii, Taliaferro, John
B Thompbon Richard W rh mp«"n, Ti Imghast Toland,
Tomlmson Tnplett, Underwood, tan Rtn«selaer, Warren,
Washington, Edward D White, 1 nomas W Williams,
C   H Williams and Augustus Young —91
Mr BO <VNE moved a call of ihe House, which
moaon was los'- aves 71, noes 1C2
Mr. BOWNE then moved to lay the bail on the
table.
Ine SPEAKER said that the motion was not
in order, as a mo.ioa to lay on the tab'e had al-
ready been rejected, and no business had inter-
vened bat ihe motion for a call of the House.
Mr. BOWNE appea'ed from the decision of the
Chair, and cal'ed for the >ea and rays, which were
ordered, and, on taking the qjestion, Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Hou>e'2 it was decided in ths afhrmative—yeas 122,
nays 22.
The prev ous questnn was then seconded by
the Hous-, wahoata division, and, on ordering the
mam question, it was decided by yeas and nays in.
ihe afbrma'ivc- yeas 89, nay  79, as follows:
YEA-3— Me  rs Landaff W Andrews, Arnold, Ba-
kei, B air, Boardman, Brigss Brockway, Milton Brown,
Jereiriah Brown, William Butler, Ca houn William B
Camibell Thomas J Campbell, Caiuthels, Childs, Chitten
den J hn C Ciaik,  ta „y V Uaike, Jaire  Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, ( taven , Garrettüav Debe íy Everett Gamble,
Giddlng, Goggm Patrick G GooJe, Grinder, Green, Hud
son Hunt, Times Irvm Jame^, W Cost Johnson, lung Lane,
McKennau Ma hiot Mattocks, Max .veil Mayr ard, Meriwether,
Mi cneli Moore, Morgan M01 ris Morrow, Osborne, Owsley,
Peaice, Pendleton Pope, Powell, Ramsay, Benjamin Randall,
Alexander Randal! Randolph Raynel, Rldgway, Rodney,
William Rjssell, James M Russell, fealtonstall, Shepperd,
simonton, ftlade, Tiuman Smith otan!/ Stokely, Stratton,
John T S nan, Summers, Tahafeno, John B Thompson,
Richard W Thompson Tillmgha t Tolan!, lomhnson, Lndei
wo"d. Van Reu  elaer, Warien, Wd-hing on, Edv,ard D
White, Joseph L White, ThoTtas W Williams, and Augustus
Young-S<)
NAY?—Missis Adams, Anirg on, Aheiton, Ajcrieg, Bid
lack Bidseye, Bowne, Bjyd 1} ew   er, C Brown Burke, W
0    Butler Gieen W Caldwell, Patr ck C Caldwell, Cary,
Casey, Chapman CI fford Chnton, Coies Mark A Cooper,
Crosa Cu«hirg Daniel,Richard I) Da 3 Dean, Doan, Doig,
Eastman, EubeiC, Ferns To m G F oyd Ciarles A Floyd,
Fornance Thomas F Fu er Gerry Vvilliam O Goode,
Gmn John Hi tings, Holme Horkins, Hoick Houston,
Hubard, Hunter C I Inmerso!! Jack Cave Jo irisan, Keim,
Andiev Kennedy Litlkficll Low°l! iMcK / MtKcon, A
Mat sha I Mtnhews, Medill Miller Newhard, Payne   Pickens,
Promt K"ad R in" Reyno ds, R\ga Roosevelt, Saunders,
Shaw ^h e ds Willian smub,  n)det ateeniod, Sumter,
Svverey, Van Lirea W r1 \\ e ler, and WestbrooK—79
Mr CAVE JOHNSON called for ihe yeas and
nav  rn ¡¡-e main question on Mr Powell's
?rns"dmerts, v;h>eh were accord n?ly orderel, and
ihit qjea'i n be ng put, it vas de ided in the ne-
E"tiv —1 'ss 76    a>s 102 as folbw
\I AS—Messrs Adams lanjiffW Vidrt-iss Arnold, A}
crig?, Barton Iloii Imán, B CKway li 1 so 1 Milton Brown,
Jeemah'iow VVil'i n Lutlei ih 1 s J Can pbel! Ca
rurter< Child John C Claik suley N fHrk lame  f ooper,
( owen Cran on GairettDavs Dtueiry F erea Tessenden
Oainole.G 11112s Gog,i 1 G a ger, Greer flibeisham Hal!,
Hilsted Hi t Jame I vir la nos k na I ai e, McKennan,
Mad 1 t Mty-nrl Mer wet lei M ) ir Moizm, Morns, Moi
riw, ti  y Peirut,, Pope Powell Ale\mder Rmdall, Ray
nci Rfnciei, Rid way I M Russell ->llt nslall Shepperd,
Simooton   Slalt, Tiumii -5 nth   "s an y, S okelv  Mn ton
1  hnT  tuaii summer Ti laf^rro, kichard 'V Thompson,
rillmghast, Toan!, Unduwood, Van Kensseher Warren,
Wasimgt-in J se^h L White llwmaiW Williams, Christo.
phei H William    an I Turin\nnn —7G
NA\ vSw 11 Allen, Arn igton, Athcr on, B iker Beeson,
B Hack Buds ye Blan Buwne, Boyd Brewster lin"gs Chas
Blown BurKe William O B 11 er, Gi en W Cal ¡well Patrick
( Cal Iwell, (.alhe-un, C iry ( i«ey ( 1 aprmn Ci i tenden Olil
lird Clin 01 Coles M A Co 1 jei f i< C ishins, Daniel,
R chai i D Daws Dean, Doan Do   Last an, Lgb it, Ferris,
Inn Ge Hovl Cha? \ Toy' Funire A I Foster,
T omas r Toster, Geny Wd ln O f. 1 k «win, John
Ui li - Hopk ns Houck lio sun Iftirnr! Ilulon, Hun
ter Cnirl s I Inger  II lick K it An hew h riotdy, Lit
tit-Pol' lowell \h iham Mor 11  MrKiv Miheon,Mallo
ry Afel Ma-shi), flattht í , Mi a Maxwill Medill,
Miller, Mitchell, Ncwlmd,01ivu, Osbunie, Patiidge, Payne,
