CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     .                     565
rickens, Promt, Ramsay, Benj Randall Rando'ph, Read, Red
mg,«Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rodney, Roaers, Roosevelt, Wil
ham Russell, Saunders, bhaw Shield , William Smith, Snyder,
Steenrod Sumtei Sweney, Tomlinson, Van Buren, Wallace,
Ward, Weller Westbrook, and Augustus Young—102
Mr UNDERWOOD thea said, as the decision
of the House just given nad destroyed the efficacy
of the bill, it was useless to pass it at all, he there-
fore moved to lay it on the table.
The moiion was agreed to, and the bill was laid
on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then said the Committee
for the District of Columbia hid «o arranged their
business as to take those bills first "vhich would
give but litde trouble He should afterwards move
to go into Committee of the Whole on bids which
would require appropriations He moved that the
House take up first "A bill author zing 'he Falls
Bridge Turnpike Company to r"mo\e their toll*
gate, and to ex'end the jurisdiction oí the corpora-
tion of Geo gttown "
The question v a  oi the engrossment of Ihe bill
Mr WNDERWOOD prop' -=<>d some immaterial
amendments, wfa ch we'e agreed 10
Some discussion then arose on a clause of the
bill which gave the corporation ®f Georgetown au-
thority to tax lottery office«, and, as a des re wa?
expressed foi th^ suppression of the vending of lot-
tery tickets altogether, it was agreed, on the mo-
tion of Mr HOPKINS, to lay aside this bill until
the House had acted upon a bill which was de-
signed to carry in o effect what appeared to be tnc
views of the Hojse.
Mr, HOPKINS .hen moved 'hat the Committee
of the Whole be discharged from the further con
sideration of "A bill to suppress the vending of
lottery ticket  in the Dis net of Columbia," which
was agreed to, and the bill was taken up for con-
sideration in the House
Som° discussion tooii p'aee on an amendment
offered by Mr J CAMPBELL, 10 prevent an in-
terference with exist ng contracts en er<-d into by
any of the cu es of the District under the authority
ot anactcf Congress. In this discussion Messrs
J. CAMPBELL, UNDERWOOD, CAVE JOHN-
SON, BOVVNE, EVERETT, J. G FLOYD,
HOLMES, HOPKINS, and others took part, and
the bill was pas-ed with wine amendment.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill w inch had teen laid aside, that toe b 11 for
the suppression of the sale of lottery tickets might
be taken up, and it was amended by the erasure of
the clause authorizing the taxing ot lottery offices,
which was rendered unnecessary by the passage of
the act just disposed of The title of the bill was
also amerded so as to read "An act to extend the
jurisdiction *f the corporation of Georgetown,"
and in ih.s shape the bill was reaj a third time,
and passed
The next bi 1 taken uo was "A bill to amend the
charter of the town of Alexandria "
Mr C JOHNSON moved to amend the b.ll,
by extending the right of suffrage to all persons
of 21 years of age and upwards, who 'shall have
resided in the town within the space of twelve
months prior to any election therein
Mr UNDERWOOD sa'd he would inform the
House that the uill was drawn uo ir acco-dance
with the wishes of the people of Alexandria The
Committee fo. tie District of Columbia considered
themselves as the represen aíives of the wishes of
the people, and therefore felt bound to dra v up
this bill in accordance with the vitv s wh h had
been expressed to them by the people of Alexan-
dua, and inaccoidince uub. taeir can peculiar
views in relation to the qualifc.it ons which should
be requited of vo ers A« this extension of tne
right oi suffrage vas not a ked for, he was op-
posed to i s ado of or  ir 'his bill
Mr CLIFFORD tbou«ht tn?t -n opportunity
should be afforded of hiving a fu'l vote on this
motion, if it wab opposed He therefore p«ked for
a call of the House
The Hou e refused to*rder a call of tne Hou«e
ayes 14, noes 60    No quorum
Mr. REDING moved a call of the House.
Mr. CLIFFORD said, if gentlemen would with-
draw their opposition to the motion made by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] he
would not insist upon having a call of the House.
Objection was made.
Mr. CLIFFORD then asked for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the amendment submitt-d
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Johnson ]
Mr EVERETT inquired whether the House
had the power to amend the bill, and extend the
right of suffrage, unless it was accepted by the cor
poration of Alexandria.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied in the affirmative.
Mr EVERETT. Have the corporation peti-
tioned for this change ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD «aid they had not.
Mr. EVERETT. Tnen the proposed change 11
against their wishes
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and resulted as lo'lows
YEAS — Messis Arnold An ington, Atherton, Bidlark,
Burke Bornell Green "W Caldwell, Thomas J Camp
bell, Caruthers, Casey Chapman Clifford, James Cooper,
MaikA Cooper, Cowen, Richard D Davis, Doan, Egbert,
Ferns, John G Floyd, Cnarles A Floyd Fornance, Thomas
F roster Gi Wings, Fatnck G Goode, J >hn Hastings, Houston,
Charles J Inger^oil, James Irvin, Jack Cave Johnson,
Abraham McClellan McKay Alfre 1 Maishall Mathiot Ma
thews, Ma tockb, Morgan, Morrow Isewhard, Patndge, Payne,
Ramsey, Reding Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell,
James M Russell, t?haw, Shields Slade William Smith,
Snyder, Sumter Sweney, Van Buren, Weller, and West
brook—58
JNAYte — Messrs Adams, LandaíT W Andiews, Aycrigg,
Baker, Bart n, Budseye, Blau Bnggs, Rinckway Milton
Biown Jeremiah Brown John Campbell, William B Camp
bell Childs Chittenden, John C Clark, fetaley N Clarke,
Cianbton Cia\ens Garrett Davis, Eveiett, Goggin, Grarger,
H mi William W Irwtn Jamts King Lane, McKennan
Maxwell, Maynard, Mitchell, Owsley, Alexander Randa 1,
Ran olph Raynsi, Rid-way Rodney S-iltonstall Snepppid
Manly ktokely Mratton bummers Taliaferro John B Thomp
son, Richard W Thompson To and, Tomlinson, Tnplett Un
derwood \ m Rensselaer Warren Washington, Joseph L
Whit'*, and Thomas W  \\ llliams—57
No quorum having voted—
Mr. WELLER moved that the Hou^e adjourn,
which motion wa^ rejee'ed
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the further
consideration of tee bid be postponed till to-morrow,
which mo ion was carried
The following bil's were severally taken up, car-
ried through their d-fferent stages and passed.
The bill to amend the laws m relation to the
penitentiary ! > the District of ColumDia.
The bill -to mcorpoiate the German Benevolent
Society mí the District of Columbia
Tha*lIou<.e then took up the bi'I to incorporate
sthejwashington City Gas Light Company,
xjir BL\CK offered as an amendment the fol-
lowing proviso "Provided, That nothing in this act
contained shall be so construed as to recognise the
power of this House to pass an act of incorpora-
tion." He was one of those, Mr. B said, who dis-
avowed the power cf Congress to pass any act of
incorporation whatever. If the House could pacs
this act, it could also paes an act to incorporate a
bank.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
motion of Mr. Black, the question was taken in
that way, and resulted in yeas 26, nays 89—not a
quorum—as follows:
YEAS—Messis Black, Bowne, Patrick C Caldwell CI f
fold Clinton M A Cooper Richard D Davis, Egbert, John G
rioyd romance, Hopkins Charles J Ingetsoll Keim Lews,
Llttlefielil, Read Reding Rigs'* Roosevelt Shaw ISnvder,
tetcenrod  Sumter Van Buren   Wei er  and Westbrook—26
JSAYft—Messrs Adams, Ai uold, Bakei, Barnard Bird eye,
Brewstei Bnggs, Brockway Milton Brown Jeremi h Brown,
iihi dmrbell William B Campbell IhomabT Campbell
Caturnctb Ca ey, Childs ( hittencten John C Clark wtaiey
N Clai e Cowen Cianstoi Gauett Davis Debeiry, E erett,
A Lawre ce Fos et Th m is F Tostel Gamble G duings,
Cü-,gin Patnek G Goo 1 Graham Gianeu Green Habei
bhim II 11 HaU ed Houck, Houston Hud^cn Hunt las Irvm,
Jame*- Tohn P Kennedy, KmCT I ane Abraham McClellan,
McKennan Ma hiot Mattocks Maxwell Maynard Mertwethei,
Michel! Mo ne Mo CTan Moiiow Ooboine Owsley, Patri Ige,
Puilleton Ramsey denjamin Randall Aletander Randall,
Raid lph Rencher Rllgway Rudney W lllia Yl Russell, Jas
M Ru sell an ppei 1 Slade Tn man Smith Stanley Stokely
bttatt o bummtis Talialerro John B Tnompson Richard
W Thompio Tillwha  , Tolan 1 Toinlin n Tnplett Un
del wool Warren Washington Edward D White Joseph L
Wine i tomas W  Williams and John \ oung—89
Mr GAMBLE then moved a call of tbe House;
whicn motion prevailing, the roll was cal'ed, and
it was ascertained that 143 members were present.
Mr UNDERWOOD moved to suspend the fur-
ther proceedings under the call; which was agreed
to
Mr.M A COOPER moved to amend Mr Black's
amendment by substituting the word Congress for
the word House.
Mr. BLACK was willing to accept the modifi-
cation, thcagh he believed that his amendment was
worded correctly—hu> only object being to restrict
the act on of the Hou=e.
Mr HOPKINS observed that this amendment
was a mere declaration of the power of the House
with regard to the passage of acts of incorporation;
and that was a question which arose on the pass-
age of the bill itself. Those who be íeved that
Congress could not grant an act of incorporation,
must vote against the bill, and thus express the
same opinions that they would by voting for the
amendment. He therefore hoped that, as it would
unnecessarily occupy the time of tbe House, the
gentleman would withdraw it.
Mi? BLACK declined acceding to the gentle-
man'  request. He believed that the bill might be
rejected on other than constitutional grounds, and
it was hi* desire to place on record some landmarks
as to the powers of this House with regard to this
subject
Mr HOPKINS desired to be excused from vo-
ting on the question. If he voled against the
amendment, it « ould place him in a false position.
He was against the bill itself, and did not like to
be placed in a false position by voting for the
amendment.
On taking the question, the House refused lo ex-
cuse Mr Hopkins.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina observed
that, if the gentleman from Georgia was correct,
the cha-ter of the city of Washington was void
Mr HOUSTON said he had voted against ll e
amendment of the gendeman from Georgia, [Mr.
Black 1 He at first thought he would not vote,
for the reason that a vote on either side of the ques-
tion, unexplained, would place him m a false posi-
tion; but, as his vote was necessary to make a quo-
rum, so as to enable ns to go on with the bns.if ss
of the country, he determined to g ve it, and- he
was glad to have this opportunity to give some of
the many reasons for that vote. In the first place,
he considered the amendment out of place, and in
its terms so slrange, that it was difficalt to be un-
derstood; that, by it, nothing beneficio! or useful
would or could be accomplished; that it was bed
policy to bring up an important principle n this
abs ract waj,to be settled either without dtba'e.or,
if it were debated, it would be at the great expense
of the business of the country, and that as much
could be accomplished by a vote against the bill
itself, wh.ch proposes to créale an incorporation.
Again he was not prepared to say that Congress
had not the power to incorporate the city of Wash-
ington,or any other city in the District, and the ex-
presión of the opinion of thi* House, as proposed
by sa d amendment, he understood to be confined
to the District of Colombia. To create a corpora-
tion to act out of this District, he denied the power.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the pre-
vious question, which being seconded, and the
mam question ordered, the yeas and nays were ta-
ken—resulting in 20 yeas, and 105 nay*, as fol-
lows.
YEAS—Messis Black Bowne Boyd Charles Brown Burke,
Patrice C (allwel Clifford Clintcn Maik A Coopei Doan,
Eastman Egbert, Jack, Keim Lewis, Alfred Marshall, Riggs,
Shaw  t>nyler and Sumter—20
NAYW—Me sr«   Adams   Allen,  Arnold, Aycngg, Baker,
Bam «d   Btrlseye Blair, Boaidman Brewster Bri£0s,Prrck
wav, Aaron V Blown, Milton Brown   Jeremiah Brown John
Campbell   William B Campbell T 1 Campbe     Caruthers,
Ca„cy  Chapman  Childs, Chittenden J  C CJaik  'aI«N
Clarke, Cowen, Cranston, Garrett Davis  iiicl.aid D   Dav.s,
Dean, Deberry, Everett, A   Lawrence Foster  Gomóle, Gld
din-"  Oilmer, Patucl G Goode William O   Goodo, Granger,
Gieíó Haberlham   Hall, Ha-sted Holmes Houck, Rotist„„,
Hudson, Hunter,   James  Irvm, James   John  P   Kenned)
King Lan" Littiefleld Atnakam McClellan McKay McKeon,
Maforj, Mathio .Mattock   Maxwell,  M ynard, Meriwether,
Miichel, Moore  Morgan  M   low  O iver  O boino Owsley,
Patndge,   Pendeton, Ram ey, Ben a mm RanualL, A «*na«
Ran tall    Randolph   Uayner   Reseller, Reynolds, Ridgw ay,
Sodney  ta  Russell, James M Russell, Shepperd  Simon
ton Slade Truman Smith, Sta ly, steenrod, Stokely, Strat
tmi  John T  Stuart, Taliaferro R chard W  Thompson Til
mghast   Toland, Tomlinson   Unerwood,  Waiien    Wart
in«ton  Weller Edward D White, Joseph L White rhos W
William', and John Young—105
So the airendment was rejected.
The question coring up on the engtosomeni of
4 Mr. "GRANGER called the at1 ent- on of the
House to the 11th section. He cou d not vote for
the bill, unless that section were stricken out. Mr.
G desired the Clerk to read the section, for the m-
