CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                        U%
____                                                                _______________________^_^____________________________._______________________^ ^ .
■would say that some one would not be found ready
to intrigue with that dominant caucus or personal
elevation or the rums of liberty? It would not be
the first time that a Cas >ar had been tempted with
the offer of a crown
Is not this tendency inevitable? Unless all the
ordinary purpose* and motives of political action
be renounced, the piobabihty of these deductions
cannot be denied.
Let one of the largest States in this Union—
«oppose New York—adopt this general-ticket sys-
tem; and will not the contagion soon spread to the
next largest, and so on, til! all, in self defence,
are compelled to adopt if Will the great and
powerful State of Pennsylvania be content to go
on sending her 30 or 40 members to Congress in
the good old-fashioned way, by electing her Rep-
resentatives in districts, half of one political com-
plexion, and half of the other? No, she will not,
neither will old Virginia. Both, and every State m
successive magnitude, will quickly, and of neces
sity, rush into the general-ticket system
When* the evil is once admitted to that extent,
it is perpetuated, the Government then loses all
control over the subject. The honorable Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Rives] admits the power of
Congresb to enact this law, and he admits the evil
of the geneial-ticket system: but he denies the ex
pediency of exercising the power, or applying the
remedy now. He could assure the Senator that
the evil will come with gigantic and irresistible
force, if not arrested in time, and this is the time
to act—now or never, for if not now, another op-
portunity can never arise
To wait till the danger comes, is to wait till the
. disease is without a remedy It can now be gov-
erned; but let it encroach one step further, and it
will govern Congress Was there not enough al-
ready to crea'e alarm? Did not the State of Ala-
bama, a few years ago, make charges for party
purposes, and—as far as the party wh ch carried
the change was concerned—with success? Was
not this success a temptation (o other States?—an
evil increasing as it goes1
The Senator from Virginia opposed this bill, too,
on the ground that it will be repealed, because an-
other party may be in power next Congress. Now
he could find no argument for the conclusion in the
premises For, suppose there should be another
party in power next Congress, what reason would
there be to justify them in repealing a law demand-
ed by a majority of the people? Would they not
know, as well as the party now in power knows,
that a large majority of the people prefex the dis-
trict system? And what benefit could they denve
from thwarting the popular will"*
As to the Senator's argument that the party
now in power was filling a poisone 1 chaUce which
is to return to their own lips, he could admire and
admit the poetry of the illustration, but should pro
test against the log c
He deprecated the assumed ground of the re-
sistance of the States to the laws of the General
Government. It he had the eloquence to rebuke
such sentiments, he could be of more use here than
he now felt that he v as.
In vain did the Senator fiom New York, with
all his accustomed tact, smiles, and suavity, clothe
in the drapery of many words the meanm , which
amounted to a threat th-t New York scould and
Vould resist this law. Whether forty, torty-eight,
or one hundred men from a Sta«*attempted to force
their way to «-eats m the la'ls oí this Capitol, in
spite of law, he, for one, "iould re-«st it to the las*,
he would stand by the constitutional law, con titu-
tionally made He would deplore such an event,
he hoped never to witness it, but he would resist
it. Any Stave 'night embarras'—might destroy
the harmony of this Union, but that w?s no' the
time for those who respected and revered tho Union
to shrink from the performance f f their dunes
He was for a union of equal rights and equal
laws He was not lor the bond of servitude or
slavery. Wb-s New York says to Congress,
"Pass what law? you please, I will do as I please,
and send my Representatives to Congress m my own
way, in spite of your laws" she recedes from the
Union, and disentitles herself to the representation
she demands.     Mr C   dwelt at some length on
this branch of the subject.
Gentlemen could not have weighed the force
and tendency of this argument, or they would not
have used it It was a melancholy thing that ten-
dencies of late had favored doubts of the perma-
nency of this Union. Never, till he had reached
manhood, had he heard the possibility suggested
of the disunion of this Confederation.
Now, the subject is as common as household words.
It is language which, m its nature, questions the
power and the probability of the permanency of
this Union But he had no such fears as that
New Hampshire or New York would resist this
law. They may dislike it; but they will obey it
If they do not, the spirit must have fled which once
actuated ihem in setting aa example of patriotism
and fraternity He ant,cipated no such thing He
had heard too many threats of what this State and
that Sta e might do The threat had become too
common to entitle it to any weight in argument
He believed in the people He believed tl.ey
would preserve the Union. On them he was wil-
ling to rely Pdss this law, and they will obey it.
New York will not come here with any glaring
seal, to set as de the laws and regulations of the
United Stales. His friend [Mr. Wright] could
recollect the time when that glaring seal could not
procure an admission to that House, when there
was no law in qU€"tion What if New York came
with her large s°al to demand 50 representative
seats, on 'he plea of being so populous and power-
ful as to be entitled to them? Should Congress
bow to her demaad? What difference was there in
principle1* If ^he can violate the law which has
this section of distric'mg the States, she can violate
any other lav/ of Congress, or enforce demands
without law This wa an inference which the
gentleman [Mr Wright] had nei her logic enough
nor smiles enough to controvert
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that he had no
disposition to enter again into the debate at large
But the Senator from Kentucky hid taken excep-
tion to some of his former remark*, and seemed
to have trisunderstood others Mr W. would,
therefore, merely explain and correct, in tho^e par
ticulars He had, throjghout, contended that the
proposed law was, m its present form, and on ex-
isting facts, unconstitutional He hac asserted
nothing on thi<=, which he was not ready to main-
tain before both the Senate and the country Its
form was imperfect, unfinished, because it did not
prescribe the particular di tricts desired, and carry
oat the alterations wished, ms'ead of issuing a
iiere order-or mandate to the States to do it Its
substanee was insufficient, within the spirit ami
cotemporan^ous construction of the Constitution,
because no extraord nary and new event had oc-
curred, endangering the existence of the House of
Representative*, or violating the representative
principle, and it was only in such eases that Con-
gress were expected ever to interfere, and either
make or alter regulations as to the elections
What he argued and said was, that a mere direc-
tion like this, without proper reasons, and in such
an incomplete form, would not be constitutional,
that trie States would m his opinion, be justified
in disregarding it, and would leave you to carry it
into effect in your own way, ?nd by your own
powers
But further- that you had no power, and could
exeicise no power—and dared not attempt the
power—by force to make a soveieign State fulfil
sjch an unconstitutional order. The old Confed-
era ion made requisitions on, or gave directions to,
Sta es, but it did not attempt, even then, to use force
on them This General Government does not act
on State , but on individuals, and when it acts le-
gally, can and should, if necessary, employ force
on mdioiduals to carry its mea ures on them into
effect Bui bow can it u«e force against a Stated
Can you mdict it' Can you imprison if Can you
hang 11
All that he maintained on this point was, that
Congress cou d not be so besotted as to attempt the
use of force on New Hampshire, or New York, for
instance, if they omitted to comply uith your un-
constitutional order, and that jonr inability, under
the Constitution and laws, to employ force m such
a case against a Slate itself, proved strongly thai
the right to employ it did not exist.
As to the use of force by a State, that was a
matter entirely different. He never held the doc-
trine for a moment, which the Senator from Ken 
tucky seemed to impute to him—that after a law-
had been passed, which all the prefper authorities
pronounced to be constitutional, a State would be
justified, any more than aa individual, m using
force against it He had said nothing whatever
about the use of force by a State, but the use of
force by the General Government.
[Mr. Crittendeit here inquired, if Congress
passed this particular law, whether the State of
New Hampshire would be justified in employing
foice to resist it?]
Mr WOODBURY said he should not advise it.
There could be no occasion for it, either—as
there could be nothing to employ force against.
He had no doubt, however, that she would act—
and act with firmness, and peaceably as=ert her
rights, whatever course she might, in conciliation
and expediency, submit to She would, jf she
thought as he did, coolly pronounce the proposed
law unconstitutional, and remonstrate strongly
against the spirit and encroachment which led to
it
The doctrine held by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky—which the Senator  would not gainsay—
was, in 1798, of a similar character.
It was this—
"That the several States, who formed the instru-
ment, (the Constitution,) being sovereign and inde-
pendent, have the unquestionable right to judge of
the infraction, and that a nullification by those sov-
eteigntieí oí all unauthorized acts, done under co-
lor of that instrument, is the rightful temedy."
Such, too, was the doctrine of Virginia at the
same eventful crisis, in struggling against the un-
constitutional aliffn and sedition laws.
But though the unlucky word "nullification"
had been used first in Kentucky, and since, per-
haps, in some States, carried further than was
originally contemplated, he could not doubt that
firm, peaceful, and persevering remonstrance
would alone, as in 1798, prove amply sufficient,
in most cases, to produce the repeal or discontinu-
ance of all offensive and unconstitutional meas-
ures.
One other suggestion, and he had done. Would
it not be wise in this grave body itself to pause a
little longer before adopting a measure like this,
after the series of alarming encroachments by the
General Government on the sacred rights of the
States, which had beea witnessed within the last
twelve months? More of them, be believed, had
been compressed within that space than within the
whole half century previous. Was not this most
sign Scant of the consolidating princtp'cs which
influenced those who controlled the present admin-
istration of affairs?
One of these measures was the passage of the
bankrupt law—in a form voluntary, novel, and
unconstitutional, and absorbing within the vortex
of the General Government the jurisdiction over
almost the whole system of contracts, as well as
liens, and of the actioi of the State courts over
them.
Next came the distribution bill, by wh ch all the
States were to come and feeá from the public cnt>
of the General Government, and be subjected, m.
return for it, to increased taxation, to more than.
the full extent of all they received
N-xt, close on the heels of others, was the at-
tempt to strip the States cf all criminal jurisdiction
for burnings and murder committed within their
limits, if defences were set up Ike those of
McLeod And what had we next beheld at the
other end of the avenue—but yet to be considered
here, and, it was hoped, with more candor and jus-
tice? We had seen the people of a sovereign
State, as in the case of Rhode Island before a blow
was struck, or the slightest force employed, de-
nounced n* insurgents, and troops marched into her
limits, because the people daied peacefully to at-
tempt to amend their constitution.
Last of all comes the bill before us—a biU un-
precedented in our annals—a bill dictating to the
States as to their system of elections, and no less
