568
eaéroatíbing in its principle and over-hado*ing m
its influence on Slate independence, than the nu-
merous other measures that have, in sueh rapid
succession, characterized the policy, so fatal to
wards the States, of those now in power in the
General Government.   Ought we not to pause?
Mr. PRESTON desired to express his sentiments
in full with regard to this bill, but was not very
well able to do so now. Although he should not
go at large mlo the subject, he felt himsplf bound
to make a few remarks in relation to what had just
fallen from the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire. It was in relation to nullification
He explained what Kentucky, South Carolina, and
Virginia understood by the term nullification.
The postulate on which they justified themselves,
was, that the law which they expostulated against,
and resisted, was not only unconstitutional, but a
palpable violation of the terms oí the compact,
and oppressive to some of the States, producing
inequality and favoritism. The ground taken by
those three States was, that the tariff law was une-
qual, intolerably oppressive to the Southern Slates,
and a gross and palpable violation of the Constitu-
tion.
But how was it with regard to the bill be-
fore the Senate. It was admitted to be con-
stitutional. If Congress should pass it, such an
act would not be a usurpation of power. There
would be no oppression in a law of this kind, either
upon States or upon individuals. Tnerefore no
parallel could be drawn between the act of resist-
ance by South Carolina to a law both oppressive
and unconstitutional, and a resistance by either
New York or New Hampshire to a law which it
was admitted was nei'her unconstitutional nor op
pressive. A precedent, he argued, could not be
drawn from the act of South Carolina, to justify á
resistance by any State to such a law as was pro-
posed by this bill. Upon the first blush, when the
subject was presented to his mind, he doubted
whether the power existed m Congress to pass a
till commanding the States to resort to the district
system. Botas the arguments progressed upon ihe
question of power, his mind had gradually changed,
and, after reflecting upon that provision of the
Constitution which concedes to Congress the right
to alter the regulations of the States, as to the times
and manner of electing Representatives, all doubts
bad been dispelled.
Mr. P., after replying to the remarks of Mr.
"Woodborv at great length, said that there was
something propitious in the present time for the
passage of such a bill as the one before the Senate,
there was something peculiarly propitious,m fact, its
passage was absolutely demanded, m view of the
present crisis of affairs.
Mr. BENTON would not go beyond the ques-
tion, to speak of other matters. He had as much
as he was able to do, to discuss one subject at a
time. Rhode Island may stand over to another
day, when her case may find a fall and ample dis-
cussion. For the present, he would only say that
the principle for which the Suffrage party in that
State contended, had been twice established in the
world—first, by the American Revolution; next,
by the French Revolution. The principle had
been put down in Prance by foreign bayonets—by
a million of foreign bayonets. It has not yet been
pat down in the United States, and there are not
domestic bayonets enough in the country to put it
down.
Mr B. said, the Senator from South Carolina
over the way [Mr Preston] had quoted the Con
stitution for authority to give commands to the
States; and he was right m the quotation, but
wrong in the application The Constitution does
command the Slates: it commands them to do many
things—commands them to elect Senators—to pro-
vide for the election of President—to provide tor
the election of Representatives. She gives a'l
these commands, and many more; and has a right
to give tbem, because the States, in making the
Constitution, agreed that they might be given: and
at the same time the Constitution took a sanction—
the highest of human and moral sanctions—for
obedience to all her commands. She took the oath
of the State Legislatures to obey the Constitution '
An* in taking that oath, every member of the State
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Legislatures binds himself, by the highest earthly
obligation, to carry lato effect all her commands
This is the case with constitutional injunctions
The State authorities are sworn to obey them Not
so wnh the commands of Congress. They a-e not
sworn to obey the laws of Congress much le->s to
obey the commands of Congress. This is a case of
a command—of a mandamus. Congress does not
district the States, but commands the Legislatures
to do it It is a command Without au honty—
without a sanction for its observance—without pre-
cedent—and, in my opinion, without conttuutional
wanant.
It is said the constitutional power of Congress to
pass this bill is admitted ; that it was admitted by
the Senators from New Hampshire and New York
[Messrs. Woodbury and Wricht ] He (Mr. B )
did not so understand tbem. Ho understood them
as denying the constitutionality of this bill—this
mandamus bill—which assumes authority over the
States, and commands them io distr ct the States
[Messrs. Woodbury and Wright nodded assent to
Mr B J Yes, said Mr. B., they deny the convitu-
ttopahty of-¿Ais bill, and so did he; and, he be-
lieved, so did all his friends. The language of the
Constitution was clear, first, that the States should
regulate these elections; and, nex', that Congress
might make or alter such regulations—" make or al-
ter" were the words, and the import was clear that
Congress was to act, and not to command. She is to
make the regulations, if there are none; and to alter
them, if objectionable. Tais is the cear read.ng.
The State, are already commanded to make the
regulations; the Constitu'ion commands There is
not to bs another command, and that coming from
Congress. No more commands , but action, ac-
tion, to do what ihe S'ates have not done, or badly
done. Congress is to make or altei' She is to make
the regulations, if there are none, and to alter
them, if s'iejudoes them prejudicial. This is the
Constitution , and upon this ground the opponents
of the bill stand.
Tne history of the formation and adoption of the
Constitution proves this. Ample quotations from
the debates, both of the general convention and
the State conventions, made by all the gentlemen
who have spoken against the bill, prove this. These
debates prove that this was a contingent and dor-
mant power given to Congress to save its own ex-
istence, only to be exercised on the default of the
State?. The quotations which they make are full
and explicit; and show, first, that the power was
only put into the Constitution on this condition;
and, ntxt, that it was only accepted by the States
on this condition. All the quotations prove it, and
none more pointedly than that from General Ham-
ilton, in the general convention, where he expressly
referred the exercise of the power to a case of ab-
solute failure of the S'ates His language wa% that
if the General Government succeeded in maintain-
ing itself, the States might dwindle into nothing; and
tnen CoBgress should have power to continue lis
own existence. This was the contingency; it was
notwntlenin the body of the Constitution, but was it
written in the history of its formation, and must
not be forgotten or disregarded. It is like all the
other constitutional powers—the war power—the
taxing power—the borrowing power. They are
all given m general terms, but for specific purposes,
and under known limitations; and these limitations
and purposes are known And toexercise these gen-
eral powers m other ca^es, without limits and for
other objects, would be an abuse, amounting to a
violation of the Constitution.
Mr. B. admitted that if the case occurred for
which the provision was made—if the States failed
to provide for elections, or made absurd or imprac-
ticable regulations—then the dormant power of
Congress would come into action—and that to do,
and not to say to make or aHer, and not to com-
mand others to do it.    Mr. B   looked upon this
movement as an encroachment upon the States__
as an intermeddling with 'hem—and that, without
excuse or pretext No State had asked for this m-
tf rference; no one had complained; no one was
thinking on the subject All was tranquil when
Congress—actuated, it would seem, by the same
spirit which was striking at so many points upon
the States—breaks in upon a usage of fifty years,
assumes guardianship and authority ever the States,
and impenouily commands them to giva up their
fifty years' practice, and conform to her supreme
will
No reason had been given for this movement,
but it had leaked out in debate- it was a movement
of small Stales against large ones, and of one sec-
tion agaiQst another. Th>s had come out in debate,
and it was as unfortunate as it was unexpected. It
was a false move on the part of the small States and
the weaker section. Tbeir safety^was in resistance,
not in attacking. It was in this chamber, in pre-
venting laws, and not in the two Houses 1a pass-
ing them. Their strength lies in resisting the
strong States and the powerful sections and not
in endeavoring to bind or control them. Remain
on the de'en^ive, and they are strong. They have
a strong position in the constitu'ional, and in the
moral feelings of the community. The smaller
bornes are always strongest when resisting, and
ughtfiilly resisting; and that moral advantage, in
th s case, is strengthened by ¡he constitutional pro-
vision, which makes the S.aes all equal here.
doit the defensive—become the assailant—and
they get into a false position, and become weak.
Mr. B said, in discussing a great principle, it
seemed wrong to descend to an argument founded
on inconvenience, but m tus case be must have
recourse to that argument. Missouri could not
now obey this command, if it was given to her.
Her election takes place m Ajgust She has the
general-ticket system. There is no time to con-
vene the General As^emb'y to alter it. Ht mem-
bers must of necessity, be elected under the present
S ate law; and who Will repulse them when they
arrive here? Nobody. They will be admitted, as
the Sena'or from New York [Mr Wright] has
shown you that all members e'ected under the gen-
eral-t'cket system will have a riüht to be, and that,
without reference to the existence of the law. But
it will not exist If passed, i< will soon die Tne
first day of the next Congress will see it die, in com-
pany with many others—such as the distribuiion
law, the bankrupt law, and others. They will all
be rubbed out together. [Expunged, said Mr.
Woodbury.] Yes, sir, expunged ' They will all
go; ail these acts of encroachment on the rights of
the people and the States'.
Mr. MILLER addressed the Senate for nearly
an hour. He expressed himself m favor of the
section under discussion, on the ground of its being
the only means to bring representation home to
every man's door. He decried the monopoly of
representation ¡n a State, by either the Legislature
or by organized parties. He wished to see the
districts in every State represented by those best
acquainted witn their immediate and local inter-
ests He considered the great republican principle
of this Government to be, that the people of the
whole Union, in all the ramifications of society,
should be locally represented in the popular branch
of Congress. This was the only possible way of
feeling the pulse of popular will. If Representa-
tives were sent" by Sta es, and not by districts, it
would be impossible to ascertain in the House of
Representatives what the mmut se of public senti-
ment might he. He argued at length the constitu-
tionality of the law, and dwelt at large upon the
expediency of exeiciticg the power on the present
occasion.
Mr BAGBY obtained the floor, but the hour
being late,
Mr, ARCHER observed that it would be agree-
able to the Senate to adjourn.
Mr. MERRICK requested that a few bills re-
ceived from the House might be advanced and
referred.
Several bills oh the table were taken up and re-
ferred to the standing committees.
Mr. MERRICK observed that, in consequence
of the election of the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Mangum] to the Presit'eney of the Senate,
the office of chairman of the Committee on Printing
had become vacant He would move that the
Chair nominate a chairman for the committee.
The motion was agreed to, and then
The Senate adjourned
