CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
first section, which establishes a guard of twenty-
fire men, together with a captain, lieutenant, and
sergeant, atan expense ofabout$15,000 perannum.
He thought it quite enough that Congress should
have to pay the officers already in existence in the
District. Congress now paid ihe jadges, jurymen,
and district attorney, &c. of the District, and he
could not consent to have his constituents any fur-
ther taxed to keep up its government In the
course of Ins remarks, he read the following s'ate-
ment of the money which has been expended by
this Government in the^District 01 Columbia:
APPROPRIATIONS TOR DISTRICT Or COLUMBIA
Dutehloan for Washington to30th lune, 1840      41254 720 96
"           Georgetown          "                   -      3u8iil0 48
"           Alexandria           "                         30o,172 93
Lots given Columbian and Georgetown Colleges,
and the Orphan Asylum                                       70 000 00
Impioving naviga ion of the Potomac betv- en
Georgetown ana Atexanuna                                150 000 00
Appropriation f>r cipil to Ale^andua   -                 lÜJUOuOO
Penitential/ for fie Disti c,                                   ¿55 394 00
For the benefit of Washington, act of 1833               1j J XIO 00
Sufferers by hre in Alexandr a                                 20 000 00
Appropriated loi loi g budge S441 633—reiu^ued
assurplus,{;239,]63       -                                     202470 03
Jail in Alexandlid                                                   So 033 CO
Jail in Washington (and other convenience fo1*
circuit cour)                                                 ■        5° 143 00
Pennsy vania a% enue and side walks                       lq3 300 00
Supply of i ubhc buildings with v,a er                      01 810 00
Fire engine, hose, or                                                ?3 937 00
Statues, painting-, &l for Capitol                    .      133 200 00
Expenditures od public grou ids   ■         -         -      ¿03 379 00
54 327 523 46
Mr W C JOHNSON made some remarks m
reply He asked whether the gpiu'eman from
Tennessee would afford no facility to the Gov-
ernment, to carry on the publ'c busmes for the
public good Tde item-, as th  gentleman had
summed them up, did rot amount to so much as
General Jackson wa< desirotu >o have appropriated
foi the same purpose The p'-n now propo ed
was, to have a po! ce around tie buildu ga, to pre-
vent their destruction by fare , and he Mated, nat
when the Treasury buildings we-e burned there
were watchmen comfortably asleep mside, who
were m danger of being burned wiih the buildings.
This plan was, to have a watch outside to guard
them, and also to guard, with other property, the
residences of the officers ot the Government, who
had come here to serve the couitiy, and wio, by-
the-by, were general y the poor men of the country.
If the public property here were taxed, there wou'd
be sufficient to light and watch tne city te o
Mr. M A. COOPER ¿vas understood to inquire
whether the property of the District was not bene-
fited by this being the seat of Government
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON admitted that, Dut there
were always reciprocal duties , and it was tne duty
of Government to pro'ect the public propert}.
Mr M. A COOPER «aid he undustood this to
be a bill to estab ish a nationil gtiaid—a guard of
twenty-five men, at the command of the President
They could make nothing el e of it. It was a
proposition to increase the standing army , it was
also a proposition to increase the public expenses
by $ 13,000 per annum. It was a proposition, too,
to increase the patronage of the President, for he
had the appointment of the capiam of the guard
The inhabitants of the D strict, oy a combined
movement, appeared determined to get along only
with national institutions. They appeared even
determined to call upon the Government to protect
their private property from the to'ch of the incen-
diary, or rather to call upon the poor people to the
remote ends of the Urnon to do it for them He
was willing that the Government should pay for
the pro ec'ion of the public buildings, but th* peo-
ple of Georgia had as much right to cali upon the
Government to protect their pr vate property as the
"people of the D strict of Columbia, and he could
not justify himself if he taxed the people et Geor-
gia tor the purno<,es which this bill contemplated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said there W3S a tendency
in the mind ot members to run off from the ques-
tion before the House, and to treat it as a gieat
national question. What was tae real point h*re?
According to tne gentleman from Tennessee, mil-
lions on milliors of dollars had been expended i
the erection of fine buildings; but, if they went be-
yond the President's Souse, what did they find? The
Ordnance Department, the Pension Office, and many
other offices, in  which were the public archives
and valuable papers, the whole of which were lia-
ble to be burned down by any incendiary who
may come to this' city from an) quarter of the
Union He uas informed mat it had been done.
The Trersury D°parlment had been burned down,
and the Post Office had been burned, and many
valuable papers were Ihen destroyed, and at tho^e
times ihe watJim"n, placed to watch those build-
ings, were dragged out of the.r beds by the heels,
to prevent their b ing bjrned It appeared that
hptetofore, when pablic buildings were put up,
they had put men inside of them to watch them,
and they had gone to the expense o' $13,000 per
annum to put men to sieep in the publ'C buildings
at night And what was now proposed' To es-
tablish a police force to be outside, instefd of being
in comfortable quarters msid  the buildings But
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr Coopfr] appear-
ed to act on the ptinciplf mat, it the nat^h of the
pi'bhc buildings sw an ircendiary apjlyuig the
torch to private rroper \, hs v as to «ay to him elf,
' Well, mat's no bigness of mine "
Tney new paid upwar's of $15/00 for the
guard of the public property thi  bill proposed to
organizes guard, which would relieve them from
the present guard, except those about the Capitol,
wheie they had ñve per on% at an expense exceed-
ing $5,000 perannum If d.ey retained these five
persons, the additional expense would be something
more than 5 3,000 per annum, but it they dismissed
them, there would be ac"?mg ot about $\,800
Ttiat was t >e whole of it, and why, then, was it ne-
cessary that the gentleman fiom Tennessee should
bring up a long t tag of exp ndiures for this city,
even o the purcuas ¡ig of s tck f r the Chesapeake
and Ohio c nal? All he -e-t ivere publ e expendi-
tures, for public purpos s Were they not to uj
what was politic and rijjht, froTi a fear that abuses
v< ould aiise^ He could say much more, but he was
admonished by the minute hand of the clock, and
he hoped the question would be taken
Mr COOPER said the public buildings were
d-stioyed in consequence of the m fiiciency of ihe
guard
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that a guard outside
of the Treuury buildings wouid have seen lhat fire
in its origin, as it took place among tne wood 1a
the basement
The debate was continued for some time, and
various amendments were proposed, and the bill,
with some imrnater al amendment, was reported to
th  House, and was read a thud time, and passed
—Yeas 84, najs 77.
The House then passed the bill for lighting the
Avenue, and other parts of the city—Yeas 78,
rays 67
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE-
FRIDAY, June 3, 1849
<Wr WOODBURY presented a resolution, which
lies over till to morrow, wmch  was read as fol-
lows
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed to
report to the Senate 1 )W much money has been bonowed
since the statement m his ann ial repon on Lt e finances t íe
lates ot interest and discount ol the «tme and tKe length of
tune for which such sum may have oeen boriowe 1
On motion ot Mi ARCHER, the President jiro
tern was empowered to sl p&iiit a chfirman for the
Committee on Na,ral Affairs, to fiU *he \acaney
occasioned by the election ot the Se lator from
JSortii Caiohna [Mr íV'angdm] to ihe piesidency of
the Senat 
Mr WALKER hopeu the Senate would pro-
ceed to the conaideia ion of the apportionment bill,
but waived his mo ion at the suggestion of
Mr GRAHAM, who wished ihe Senate to in-
dulge him by taking up a private bill for the relief
of Hezelnan L Thistle.
M> BUCHANAN wa  always anxious o in-
dulge any gentleman, but, as the Legis'ature of
Pennsylvania was u a day or two to be in s°¡>-
£ on, he hoped the Senate would proceed to the
consideraron of the apportionment b 11, and have
the question taken on its engrossment to-day.
Mr GRAHAM withdrew his motion, and
On motion of Mr WALKER, the Sena e pro-
ceeded to the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, of
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The question pending, when the-Seuate adjourned v
on yesterday, was the motion of Mr   Wriobt to '
amend the following section of the bill.
?*ec 2 And be il farther enacted, That, in every case when
a State is entitled to more than one Representative, the number
to which each State shall be entitled under this apportionment
shall be elected by districts, composed of contiguous territory,
equal m number to the number of Representatives to which
said State may be entitled—no one district electing more than
one Representative
Mr. Wright had moved to strike from the above
section the words "no t ne district electing more
than one Representative," and to insert the words
"as far as that can be done m conformity with the
established election systems of the Siite«-, but no
Stale shall, by virtue ol the provisions of this sec-
tion, consider itself call'd upon to divide counties,
or other elect-on districts, for the purpose of fur-
fiishtni single districts"
Mr. BAGBY observed, that whatever the views
of Senators on this side of the hous.e might be, wuh
regard to the secon section of tire bill—whether
modified, as propo^ed, or not—he was opposed to it
in any farm in whicH it could be presented. He
considered it a proposition wholly unconstitutional.
This Government possesses no powers, except those
expressly g'anted to it m the Constitution, and the
power to pass laws necessary for carrying out those
expressed powers. Thi« he showed from the con-
text of the instrument itself, and he pointed par-
ticularly to the power granted by the Constitution
to the Legislature;, of tne States, of electing two
Senators each, and asked, was not the same right
insured to the people of the S«ates to elect their
own Repre<e>-'atives What, he asked, was it
that led to the Re "lu'ion, but the d n>al of the
right of represents "t>? aid \vas no. this Constitu-
tion a guaranty of the corree ive 1
Some gentlemen seem to think that although the
general-ticket system may be more convenient to
some of the States, yet precedent, and the sanction
of years, have been m iavor of the district system.
In greit political questions, however much entitled
to consideration bo'h precedent and the sanction of
fo'mer ages may be, yet the experience and the
judgment of the present generation should, in his
mind, be entitled to preference He could not see
any weight in the arguments used by some gentle-
men, that mere local interests should be represent-
ed in the House of Representatives. The object
was to represent the people of the States respective-
ly, and who composed the people? In speaking of
the people of England, we do not mean the people
of London, or of any particular distnct or collec-
tion of districts, 01, in speaking of the people of
France, no one means the people of Paris or Bor-
deaux a'one. Tne people are the inhabitants,
collectively, of any sovere'gnty. In this country
the people of ench State are, collectively, interest-
ed in the ¡elation which that State bears to the
General Government, and it was only by the gen-
eral-ticket system they could obtain their proper
representation.
He reviewed in detail the arguments m favor of
th  district system, po nung out the.r fallacy as he
proceeded, and ^bowing that the operation ot such
a syst°m, ins'ead of prod icing that ba'ance of in-
terest m the National Legislature contemplated
b> the framer* of ihe Constitution, would destroy
hat balance. If the effect of the general ticket
su'em was to give the large populations of the
lar^e S'ates a preponderate over the small popu-
lations of the small States, " at was a circumstance
foreseen by the tramer  ot the Co istiiution, and it
was well understood ihtt such preponderance was
inevitable To balance it, t >e Seuate was consti-
tuted upon such a foundation as to secure to every
State, wtiether Urge or small, an equality in its
representation m one branch t/ the Legislature
Allusion was made yesterday, bv the honorable
and distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Chittenden,] to tnat State which he (Mr B ) had
the honor, in part, to represent. He believed the
Senator was not acquainted with the circumstances
which operated on the State of Alabama to make
the change from the district to tt e general ticket
system. If he were acquainted with those circum-
stances, he would know that there was no scramb'e
m that State for party power    He would do all
