éU                                        CONGRtMONAL GLOBE.
ja, and, for party purposes, repeal it, and establish
the general t.cket system.
Mr. HENDERSON, m answer to the question
which had been repeatedly asked, Would Congress
command tbe obedience of the States? replied by
reading the clause in the bill, and stating that all
Congress conceived it necessary to do was to pass
tfite law. Itwas tbe duty of the Legislatures of the
States to carry it out.
Mr. MOREHEAD obtained the floor, but the
hour being late, moved an adjournment, which
was agreed to, and
The Senate then adjourned.
 
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 3, 1842.
Mr.«ARRETT DAVIS submitted the follow-
ing resolution .
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re
quested to inform the House of Representatives whether the
commis>ion for the investigation of the New York custom
house, constituted on the 10 h of May, 18tlv and subsequently
continued, is, ui not, now in existence, id, if no , at what time
the same wag diosolved if said commission be not disolved,
forwhat puipose it is continued, and when it is intended to
terminate it
Jtesolced, That the President be further requested to cause
a statement of the expense of su^h cominiss on—specif} wg the
amount paid to eacn individual connected with it, for daily com
pensation, travelling expenses, and on any other account, par
ticuiarly and thedate of each payment—to be communicated to
the House of Representatives, and from what fund said pay
luents were or are intended to be made
Mr. PROFFIT and others objected to the recep-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules for
its reception.
Mr. PROFFIT called for the yeas and nays so
that it might be sesa who stopped the public busi-
ness.
The ayes and noes were not ordered.
Mr. CUSBING rose Iva q lesnon of order.
The gentleman Irom Kentucky had submitted two
resoluuon^j and he contended that it was not in or-
der to move a mspension of th  ru'e^ to receive
two resolution1? at once. He desired the motion
to suspend should be read, that he migit know
how it would stand on the record.
The Clerk explained
Mr. CUSHINO repealed, that the motion was
to suspend for the purpose of receiving two reso-
lutions, though they wtre on ore paper
Mr G DAVIS said, though they were two res-
olutions they wen  on one subject.
Mr CUSHINGf rem rated that it was sufficient
that they weie Uto resolutions.
Mr. DAVIS, to obviate ihe objections, said he
would modify the resi luiion , by striking oui the
last "resolved," and iriserung ihe word "and."
Mr. PROFFITsaid he would not have object-
ed, but he knew they would be cut off from expla-
nation
Ts.e ru'es were then suspended, and tbe resolu-
tion was leceived
Mr, G DAVld then moved tbe previous ques-
tion, which was su tamed by the House, and the
resolulion was ad ipied.
Mr CAMPBCLL then offtred the resolution
which he <uomitcd ytsttrdsy, to fix 3 o'ekekon
ticllthvfJulj <cr the adj >amment ui Congress
sine die
fCr es of ''No, ro," and "Agreed "|
He the" nov I t ,e mi ¡ki^i a<( af lues ou
which he cJud ¡or <h ye-, pad nee which being
ordered, resin ei as t llo is  a_,°& hj roi   H
There no! bting two n d> u toe afñ ¡nat ve,
the rules wee nut su^nded
Mr. RANDOLPH offtred a resolu- on lo fix the
day succeeding that on wn ch the amy appropria-
tion blii shomd be di posed of, lo go into Cjmrait-
tee of the Wboie o tie tariff or revenue oill.
Mr PROf ^IT and others oljocttd.
Mr. RANDOLPH rioved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CO WEN noped lie H use wortl J proceed
with th  priva"- bus nes->, v,h ci was tie appropri-
ate business of tn,s t'ay.
Mr. SMITH of Virfc ma hiv ,s made a few
observat oris on a pent "f ordor, whiui was over-
ruled by ihe Speaker—-
Mr RANDOLPH called for th" a\es and noe„
on the question of suspension of the rules.
I      Mr. ATHERTON asked  the chairman  of the
Committee of Ways and Means when he intended
to report on that subject
Mr. STANLY and others.   «Order, order!"
The ayes and noes were then ordered, and re-
sulted as follows: Ayes 89, noes 87.
The rules were not susDended.
Mr. CO WEN moved that the House resolve lt-
se'f into Committee of the Whole, for th« purpose
of considermar the bills on the private calendar.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Ohio, that there was a bill which would first come
up, as unfinished business, during the morning
hoar.
Mr. GUSHING inquired if reports were not the
order of business during the morning hour, and,
if so, whether the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cowen] wnuld not require a suspension
of ihe rule«, by a vote of two-thirds?
Tne SPEAKER assented.
Mr. CUSHING hoped, then, that the orders of
the day would be arfhered to
Mr COWEN taid this was the day on which
such private bills were to be d sposed of as could
be passed witneut debate, and the bill to which the
Speaker had alluded, (which was understood to be
a bill for the relief of Hugh Stuart,) must, there-
fore, be necessarily rejected, from that considera-
tion
Mr. CUSHING remarked that they never should
get on with the business of Ihe House until they
returned to the old rules, and he in ísled upon the
committees being called for reports for one hcur
from that time.
[Great confusion, and cries of "take your seals "]
Mr R W.THOVPcONT hoped the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mi. Crj bikg] would yield 'o
him, so that he might have thp opportunty to sub-
mit a resolution, which was essential to the bu  -
ness of a committee.
The resolution was read for mfcmation, and >t
was des gned to give the select eomrmttr e, an-
pomted on the 13th of May, to examine ihe charges
tor furnishing and finish ng the N^vv Yorkcusto-n-
hou«e, power to employ a clerk, and to sit during
tje sit'ings of the House.
The i°solut on was agieed to.
The SPEAKER was understood to intimate that
there was a pending motioa made by ihe chai.man
of the Juduiary C rnmittee, to pnnt an additional
number oí a report
Mr. FILLMORE raid that would gtvs rise to
debite.
Mr. OUSTING moved to lay the report of the
J^dicary Crmmittee on the ttble.
Mr ROOSEVrLT "ud it appeared to him that
the public interests woulj suffer by a co¡ «umpt on
of time on these motions, for he tho *ght "he army
appropriation bill «houl t be disposed ot He would
nake any *aentice foi the turpo-e of goms  on
wnh the consideration o that bill, <nd he tin re-
fore moted ihxt tae He use noi? re=o've n=elf into
a Committee of the Whole for tne propose of ta-
king it up.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped tbe genti'mar woJd
withlraw the motion, to allow bun to jake a re-
port Irom th* Comm ttee of Wqy^ and M--1  .
Mr GUSHING sa d h- <=hou) i objret to a->y
business  i ch «¡wild be a departure Irom tie
u uai older ot ba^ i e,s He ivj^bel tie norm;
hour to be devoted to i = propel bj^i ipss
Se era)   **o <•-*, addressee  to Mr.  Fill-hot,
i   cr ed   ' \t ' e \onv Vvport "
Mr FILLMOriii; wen reported a bid for ihe
rai-irg of revenue foi U e year 1842
The b il was read a first and sect nd tine.
Mr FILLMORE then moved ihat it be commit-
ted to ihe CoTitmitua of the Whole on th'* Ma'e of
the Union, and that it oe printed, aLo, that 5,000
extra copi ■> I    p-n'ed
The mr iui  was apieed to.
Mr FIL'-MORH ihen mhmit'ed a resolution to
fis Moida' r-jt, <-l 1 o'c'ock, lo le¡oni5ie deoa't
in Comrn it e oí ¡be W lole on the i ulit^ry ap7ro-
priAtioi bjll, wnith was adopted, af(pr some objec-
tion by ih- a,p5 a d no- — >«> 93, , jes 85
Hr KENNEDY of MatylanI, inn  the Com-
mittoe ci Commerci-, re-sorted a bill to provide fo -
reciproeny n the commercial jntercourso of the
United States with the British colonial ports, &c.
Read twic, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the stale of the Union.
Mr. STOKELY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill to provide for tbe pro.
tection of the people oí Florida from Indian depre-
dations, and for the occupation of that Territory.
Read twice, and referred to the Commit ee of the
Whole House on the sta'e of Ihe Union.
On moaon of Mr. ROOSEVELT, thi House re.
solved itself in o Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr Underwood of Kentucky
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
army for the year 18"42
Mr. HALSTED sa'd that, in older to ascertain
what redactions shou'd be made m the army, it
was nee Spy to consider the situation of the coun-
try, the-frckitiersj &c. He s^rubj only advocate
sach a redictioi? as was ateolj'ely necessary, and
not such a tediictitn as would tend to the material
mjuiy of ih^grvice. He was sausfied there should
be no reduc i|n ía the ran  and file of the army,
but th°re should be a diminution of the staff, and par-
ticularly the suoernumerary officers added by the
act of 1838 He s ated some of the reasons why
he should go against a reduction of the rank and
file. The armv was le^s, in propoition to the
population of the country, than it ever was In
1792, when the population of the United States
was only 3,000,000, the rank ard file of the army
was more than 5 000 At later periods the propor-
tion was almost as great. During a part of Mr.
Jefferson's adm nitration, wh ch was looked to as
a standard of economy, the aimy was much larger
in proportion to ire population of ihe country, than
it is now This, too, was when there was no
expectation of war In 1821, the population of the
cout ry wa. 9,000 000, and the rank and file
neAily 6 000 Did 'l>e=ane propjrtion exist at
pre^e.t, the rank and ill  of the army would now
be 11,000, r, aereas it was but 9,000 In all these
calculations he spoke of the rank and file only, and
d'd not include the staff He compared the pro-
portion of the army to the population here and in
Europe. In teference to th  expense of the army,
he thought we should consider the numbers who
had to bear i* Al^o, in considering the efficency
of Ihe a*my the extent c'oiir teintory ought to be
regarded. Trie sma'I States in Europe which kept
such armies, too, were njt, muiy of them, as large
as o >e of our States.
He compared die number of our fortifiea,'ons
row, with the numbu year  ago; and thence argued
the n°ees it/ of havng an ncríased number of
men lo garrison them. Mililary men had declared
that if would require 4,800 to garn on our forts in
the East, and m ihe West, acjord ng to th* lowest
esuma'e, 7,000 men. Tuerefore, all of our present
forte was bdt sufficient to garrison tbe forts now
cooMrurrd for the defence or the country.
Ke went m.o a statf>Tient of tot. number of ÍQ-
di;in wa n ra >n 'he Wei!. He <=a' 1 there were two
etna e-, o. tbe nur/iV' wb cou i b  brought ib'o
lie fifi'.—¡icibp 40,001, ana th- r he that 66,-
fiji) cooid tea'r^jed at?itst u Ve ci ed the
ram  oí G^.-.íl uuitiot, Mr Ha-r-, General
Mtccab a ' ^'u'-s, a^ iathor y for luese facts.
H" a o „ i ^e\ to the fact mat Ofeneral Jackson,
Mr.V?n B iren, Mr Bitler.andMr Poaett,had
al rceon tr"na'•f, an nci-ase of tbe a^my to about
'5P00n<-  The Seiat.tto, m 183S, passed a
bul xnc'•ea^ ns tu3 army 6 584 men. This number
was redu-ei to 3,590 by the Houst, and the num-
ber 4 500 was finally agreed upon by the two
Houses.
In adliion to the=e authon'ies, he referred to
another. b°c?use gemlem a were so much in the
habit of si eenn  at the recommendations coming
from tne dep'rfmenb General Scott had actually
rec immended sn mcrea«e of two regiments. Here
vasa r«c m-ne-datjon of a large increase by a
man e«ery ua-, qualified to judge, whos  fame and
patn listn, f hose experience and acq íaintance
v/uh me mi itvry art were undorbtel, and who was
eitirc'y di-.i i er^sted in any increase Top opinion
"f General Sco't required no confirmarlo). If it
d d, be could pro'uee the reports made from the
War Department, fiom Butler, Poinsett, and Spen,-*
