CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5*5
cer, and the messages of Presidents Jackson and
Van Buren.
He denied that the lacrease in 1838 was caused
by the Florida war. The army was only increased
at that time so as to be-on a proper peace establish-
ment. General Jackson never regarded the Flori-
da war as requiring much effort by the Federal
Government, for he declared he could put it down
with fifty women. That war was first brought
upon the country by the inefficiency of our amy,
and the §20 000,000 spent in it would have been
saved if we had had an efficient force to keep the
Indian tribes in check from the beginning So, too,
with the Black Hawk viar, which never would
have broken out, but for the meagre military force
in that regim.
He differed with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. McKeon,] who thought the officers should
be preserved and the men dismissed That gen-
tleman thought the ofiic rs should be retained, be-
cause it was not easy to obtain scient fie men, while
the ranks could be filled up at any moment. He
thought the reverse wou'd be the fact. Tb re
would always be officers enough—always candi-
dates enough for the emoluments and the distinc-
tions of office. The difficulty would be in obtain-
ing men
In the last war there was no scarcity of officer?,
but it was hard to enlist a sufficient number of
men It was better, he maintained, to keep the
men while we had them, thai to rely upon raw re-
cruits for future emergencies. He quoted the au-
thority of General Towson to prove that volunteers
were much more expensive than regular troop .
Volunteers were generally mounted. The Secre-
tary of War, in the la   war, had many more
mounted volunteers than he wi hed. Cavalry pay
was higher, and therefore men volunteered with
their horses,in order to get the extra pay Tne pay,
too, was but a circumstance, when the claims sub-
sequently made to Congress by volun eers were
considered He referred to the large mass of claims
now before Congress for horses lost in the Florida
war, and gave a history of the manner in wh ch ihe
Government is often impo'ed upon by men who
enter the serviee as mourned volunteers He ad-
duced a number of items illustrating the extrava-
gance of the charges for transporting volunteers;
for champagne, cider, Cognac brandy, Malagi wine,
claret wine, cigars, cologne, and fi.e wood supplied
to the Alabama and other volunteers.
Mr. W. B CAMPBELL said the articles were
purchased for the sick
Mr. COLES made some remark, not heard, but
understood to be for the purpose of controverting
the correctness of these items.
Mr. HALSTED then alluded to the ground
taken by the gentleman from New York, [Mr Mc-
Keon,] that he was ¡a favor of a reduction of toe
army, because, by keeping it at us present number,
it would render an increased tanff n cessary. Tms
tariff question, and the views entertained on it, wen;
the secret of the opposition ma<1e by many mem-
bers to the army and navy. He (Mr H ) was un-
willing to strike a blow at the tariff thiough the
heart of the army. He vishcd .he 'anft to stanl on
its own merits, and not let -"-ntle. i n re luce tue
army and navy, and then say," We have -educed the
expenses of the Government There wdl be no ne
cessity for a tariff and we won't, therefore, pro'ect
your manufactures." He thougat n was an un.
manly way of fightirg the tai iff and the domestic
manufactures, to strike at the arrry and navy.
He then went into a s atement of the increase of
the army, according to the b.lls of each House, m
1838. He contended that the staff was unneces-
sarily increased by the bill which then pass d, and
that too many supernumerary officers and engineers
were then added. There were a number of men
here in Washington city, with little to do, who
were drawing cavalry ¡ ay, whiM the men wno
were fighting the laities of the countrv received
but half. He was un.vuh g 'o make fish of one,
and flesh of the other Yet gentlemen \.m Id r -
dace the rank and file, and leave the staf officer ,
who were often supernumerary. Tne country had
expended about twenty millions of dollars in lor-
tifications; would it not be bad policy *o withdraw
the troops who garrisoned those forts, and prevent-
ed them irom going to decay?
Gent'emen had complained of the double rations
allowed officers in th  department—*o men construed
to have the command of posts. He had admitted
there were abu e«; but was unwilling to accuse all
officers alike, who received double ration". This
sclera of double rations, he maintained, com-
menced in the time of Mr. Calhoun, had been
sanc'ioned by General Cas=, and, according to
a report made by Mr Drayton to the House
of Representatives, in 1330, was approved of by that
distinguished man in certain ca^es The sys em,
too, was sanctioned and extended by Gen Jackson
The system, he was aware, was liable to some
abuses, and he would go heart and hand v.ith gen-
tlemen to reform them
The Commi'tee on Military Affairs had report-
ed a bill to establish two military posts on Colum-
bia river, i id for ihe enlistment of 1,500 men
Why reduce the army, if we had to enlist 1 500
men to garrison tho e two posts? The Government,
too, bad recently e abltshed a new post in the
West, (Fort Washna,) to garrison whic-i, would
reqaire 450 men. Fort Adams, too, in Rhode Is-
land, vbich had just b"eü finished, required 500
men to garrison it.
Mr. PENDLETON made a statement of the
nature of the bill establishing two military posts on
Columbia river. That bill merely authorize 1 the
President to employ a number of men, not exceed-
ing 1 500, to be at tht se posts.
Iklr HÁLSTED said this was ro argument in
favor of reattction. Aftc some ii_rth«r remarks,
he concluded.
Mr. CROSS remarked, he 'hculd not have said a
s ngle word on the sub] ct.out for the exposed con-
dition of the State of .vbich be was the sole Repre-
sentative. The proposition of the gentleman from
Termes ee contemplated a reduction of the army to
what it was m 1891, and the qies irn whether the
necessities of the country would admit of 'uch a
reduction, sva; now the subject of consideraron
Under the act of 1815, the at my was bxei atsome-
wh re about its present numbei; and that organ-
ization con'inutd till 1821,when tne reduction took
place It would not be necessary for the present
question for h'm to go into deU Is, af'ef wnat bad
bten so ably «aid by gentlemen wh ■> ba I preceded
him in debate Mod of the ground he nad intended
to f ccjpy had alrcaJy been tauen, m a much mjre
forero1 e and eloquent marcer ttaai he cou'd pie-
tend to, by the gentlemen who had preeej d him,
and he should 'herefoie Le more brief in h. addrebS
than ne o'heri i e would have been.
He believed Uat there were no advoca'es tor a
large statid.ng prtny m Urne of peace, to oe found
enber m th  Hon e or out cf it.
All were opposed to thai policy, and bid bun
so since the commencement of the Government
But, at 'hesine tme, il must be remarket, that a'
were concerned in the neces nyof keeping up ami i-
tai} es'a'ilisaren for dii neci <>ary purpo es of he
Go/emmet t—on" o wh^hvas" e de tree of the
ciun'rv, tre oth^r - as the nr^serv on ot ihe y ib
ho pror"r j. The air   ft present <  n i te I of
about 11 000 men—a u r > r, n ,iv tude tn*, n i
bey ii' v a' \ uce «s ,y U' 'h «e pi r >
a d i¡¿ d r li ,><-t tic e O, d/o- t. its k-
ducti n h„a ailed to ^o d a t w,s so He
ha 1 =eei a* h ng, and '<ea>-d no h *ig, k - rvtrof
h m, f>a' twoi n-lusio^s nmci re had arr v°d
wore if.oir<.c , and 1." h.1 'noug&t that the time
and manner of bn gmg th" subjec' of reduct on
b«fore the House wir> ill judged and premature
We shou'd, said he, be roie nroceeo. -ig if t^u nat
ter, nave obt?ined a na s of ¡rformaímn from the
War Depigment, show og how the vapojs .iter-
ei.'scjnn"eted witH th? ai.ry vou'd oe arieeted by
the measure—how m ' le o-si way to apply the re-
duction—and oi what b -uuhes of the es abusii-
ment a «aving could bes' be effected
Without this mft -mat on he thought t> ey cot Id
not wh •■. fe'y kvsla'e He was not i'^t^c
that the r^duc ton proposed was cal'ed A. b ' t i
peopl of any potion oí tl"> Union Wr^re, he
asked, did the rpplic-suon to- jf come fro-ni He
had seen notlia  of it in the public pr.nts. on the
contrary, they generally, so far as h.e¡¿S d seen,
opposed the measure. If economy  was the prin-
cipal object in view, though he was as desirous of
consulting it as any member on that door, he did
not think the reduction in the manner proposed:
would attain that end. The reduction was pro-
posed as to the rank and file of the army only.
Now, he would prefer applying it to the double
rations, to brevet rank, to allowances for trans-
portation, and to the staff of the army, all of which
might be judiciously reduced, without impairing
the efficiency of the army.
He did not believe it to be n°ce>sary to make
very ample preparat'ons for war m time of peace,
so far as the army was concerned  The best way of
preparing for tne contingency of war, in his opinion,
was. to make selections for su table points for the
ereciionoffcr 'fled posts, and to provide a sufficiency
of the munitions of war.   Toen there were other
methods by .vhidi p-ep-ralions for war could be
jadici jusly made.   He would reduce expendieres;
would cut down unneces«ary offices, and, 4Bp 
all, wou'd encourage honest labor and agricultural
employments.   The labonous part of the popula-
tion of the country constituted our surest defence in
time of war, as well as the most valuable contrib-
utors to national wealth in time of peace.   Mr. C.
then adverted to the amount of military force ne-
cessary for the protection of the country on the At-
lantic and Western borders, and for the preserva-
tion of the fortifications and military pos's, with
the munitions cf war m them, showing ihe exten-
sive line oí se?coa«t on the Gulf and the Atlantic,
and the long Une of Indian border.   The conclu-
sion   he   i.me   to   was,   that it   would  require
a   force   of   from  four   to    five   thousand   for
tne  p'-ottc ion  of   the  pu' he  property   alone ;
and Den, after relrruig tj the nunber of Indians
that bad been located on the borders cf Missouri
and Arkansas, he went on to show that, from the
obhgaions   of   the   Government,   both   as  re-
garded   tre   front ers,  and the   preservation of
peace among the Indian tribes, whieh the Govern-
ment was bound by treaty stipulations to do, th*
army tould not with sjfety be re luced below its
present numoer    As a farther argument against
the reduction, Mr  C. refeired to the inland trade
which WAsgnwtrg up between th  United States
and ? portion of Mex'co    This trade was becom-
ing more and more valuable every day, and must
be abandon if, unless the military po^ts on the hol-
ders, which hav  been established for in protection,
are kept up    All tilings considered, he could nor
come to ajv nt^ar conclusion th-n that it would be
unwi'f and unpoln c to make any reduction in our
prest.it mi'iuiy establishment     He had  binrelf
no object in vi<>w in opposing the reduction     H< 
had no ends  to a conpu h, beyond enabling the
Governrr" U to fula1 i's obligations to our own cit-
izens and (o th° Indian tnb s    He kne v not, and
cared no', how it migit affect an 3^ r g eat meas-
urt 11 bt. b"iu"ht up tins sessirt, noi how it might
affect bis or  it a' Adn ms ridon, or th s or  that
o rf , rll oo c" ed lor wrxe Us effects on the inter-
est  ol he l  ji    y
M' riL1 Yirps r'1" *o aireal to the commu-
te- to kin ihe qjts,io, c . i not bt taken on
t             "«• a le^d-ien     It via--e*i('cn those elo-
q e s " c- s we e not Uit n d to by the Hous —
i oí o pj'mi the for J member  who had remain-
ed m the Uod'e—(Cries of ¿5-46)— veU consid
er,.d, and abie, and wnlny of the House and of
thacniativ, as t! y were. A' the t me was now
jirued, he hopfd ti e committee w^ulu consent to
take he i ot  a once
Mr GIDDÍNGS hal °ome ooservations to make,
and he (nought h' cou d make tiem while the ab-
sent members wc e b?tn° called m He then pro-
ce 1 1 wi h hi? -emaiks and, af er observing that
a pendí-' mo" s.tion wa-. to r<.ddce .he army to i's
« ai daru m 1821, he said ihat the country m 1821
was not prepared .o reduce the army 'o so low a
baSo ps it was nov. Then, tne frontiers were
n ril ed by ihe proximity of Indi?  tribes, but
s,rce that period, great progress h n k.en made m
ibPircivliziiion, they have ti n d tner attention
f-om savage pur«u ts to apncu"ure and the art- ot
neace and wer  vof the front et'o le t motee ion.
He'proceed d then 'c 'how that tre fortifications
on the seaboard   "ere useless, and the -xpense  >-
