CONGRESSIONAL. «LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 FEB- SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1842.
Volume 11 ""No. 37.
Continued from Mo. 36
j'ct of debate, and, only so far as the power on
which it rests is concerned, advert to the history of
the Constitution.
When the convention met in 1787, for the pur-
pose of framing a Constitution to be adopted by
the several States then forming the Confederation,
great difficulties arose as. to the details of forma-
tion; and, in order to lessen those difficulties, it
became necessary to appoint a committee of de-
tails. Before th s committee all questions at
issue were debated and adjusted, and then laid be-
fore the Convention. The first questions were
brought forward in the form of resolutions, and
were discussed for some time, till all their bearings
were ascertained. In the month of AugUkt, the
Committee on Detail  was appointed to consider
and report a p'an for the Constitution. On the 6th
of August, 1787, a report was made, accompanied
by the plan of Constitution approved by the Com-
mittee on Details. In the first section of the sixth
article of this plan, there was a provision, that Ihe
time, manner, and place of holding elections,
should be prescribed by the legislatures of the
States, respectively; but that the regulations of the
States might at any time be altered by the Con-
gress of the United States. Her"  was a direct
reservation to the States that they should prescribe
the time, manner, and place of holding elections,
and, until that was done, Congress could not inter
fere, but, being done, it could interfere and alter the
time, manner, and place appointed by the State
Legislature . This plan was di<.cus>,ed at great
length. He would call th  attention of the Senate
to what was said by Mr. Madison, and others, on
that occasion, with a view of «howmg how fully
all the bearings of ihe question now at issue were
then considered Mr M read passages at con-
siderable length from the debate to which he al-
luded
Here, then, the very question of power now un-
der discussion came up—whether the States should
reserve it wholly, or the Congiess of the United
States should have power to control the subjfct by
alteration. He quoted still more at large fiom the
debates in Convention, to show the opinions enter-
tained by the most prominent of the delegates, and
the motivt-s which influenced the choice of the
clause as it now appears in the ConMi u ion He
considered it perfectly conclusive, from this evi-
dence, that the memb« s of the Convention intended
that the power ihould be ex;rci5ed as now pro-
posed, whenever Congress should decide upon the
expediency. It was given, in the first place, to
counteract any movements of the Legislatures of
the States to carry out any specific object incon-
sistent with toe general in erests of the Confedera-
tion. One of tae great objects was, that the Fed-
eral Government should possess the power of pro-
ducing uniformity throughout the Union, and pre
vent the destruc'ion of the General Government—
.  a power necessary for self-pieservation
Particular regulations were to ba left to the
Legislatures of tne Stales, but general regulations
were to be gi/en Vi the Federal Governm nt
Suppose an amendment to this bill snouid prevail,
that elections slwld De carried on throughout tne
United States by th  sreneral-t cket s}stem could
it be denied ihat Corg*es ha i th  powsr to order
l's adoption, under th  orovision ot the Cons'itu-
tion wh ch gives tin con rol of the general regula-
tion to the Fed r~d Goirci-iment? It the power
over the on  i rop" Uioft Is Jiloabted, so   it wuh
regard to  ne o hei
In 1789 ihe firs* C «yre<-s met ci-ler t e Con
stuulioa I' is ^ I k- -. i ma* i met i >.dc' c .-
cumsta .(.es uf embí'•  mem, ootne (f 'ha Stales
having be-i'ated aoo-t rati ying the Con t tu'ion.
He referred to various propo i «ns made at tlw
time to limit Congress in the exe-cise of us power
over the time, manner, aud pl*ce of holding elec-
tions, except m cases, where the States should r -
fuse or be disdoled iiom exercising thejioffer—
propositions which bear the stropgest evidencs that
the power was conceded to the Federal Govern-
ment; and that, <o undoubted was the power of
Congress, that it was thought by some necessary to
curtail it The amendment was rejected by a ma-
jority ot some five or six votes. Such is the con-
temporaneous exposition of this clause
The Senator from New Hampshire puts his op-
position on the ground that Congress cannot inter-
fere, except for proper and sufficient reasons Now,
he contended that the provmon of the Constitu-
tion was explicit and unconditional. It is, there-
fore, a power to be exercised at the discretion of
Congress. If the States exercise properly the
power which they are suffered to exercise,
Congress may not see fit to interfere, but if Con-
gress conceives the power is improperly exercised
by the States, it has undoubted discretionary power
to make or alter the regulations of the States
Who was to be the judge of the discretion of Con-
gress? Who could be, but Congress itself? When
it is once admitted that the power exists,
there is noapneal The only ques'ion, then, which
could ar^e, was the question of discretion; but if
Congress deetdedjhat l' was expedient to ext-rrae
the power surely, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire would not contend that it would be con-
sistent with the terms < t confederation that
New Hamp*hire should set at naught a law of
CoDgress deliberately considered and adopted, and
decided to be within the powers of the Federal-Gov-
ernment.
Great obj/cuon had been made to this clause,
that it is mandatory—that it commands the obedi-
ence of the S a'e Governments It has in contení
plation no such purpose. It claims no right to
issue a mandate—issues no order—demands no
Obedience Bu', it is said, if this law is passed, and
Congress has no power to carry out its own law,
the law mast be a nullity; which refutes the asser-
tion of the power. His first answer to this was, that
Congress perform* its defined duties in making a
law to carry out an express power, and the matter
then is taken out of the hands of Congress by the
Constitution, and its exeeu ion is confided to the
legislatures of the States They are accountable
to their States for the non fulfilment of their
duties Wny would ihe Slates disresard this law?
Why «hould ar>y Stats be offended, and prefer ta
king the piver from the Federal Government'
Does not Congress, in effect, say to the Sta es—
We forbear to exercite our power in full, because
we prefer, out of courtesy, to exercise the power
only in part We declare the district system shall
prevail, and be uniform all over the United States,
but we leave to the State Legislatures the carrying
out of the law in detan?
Is there any th t g disrespectful in this? Is it
less disrespectful than to assert the whole power,
and exetcr-e it, without any courtesy to the Slate-?
Upon what principle of policy, ot affection, or of
prtpr en, could a Siate set up th<5 standard of op-
po «ion to th  exercise of an express power con-
ferred on th" Federal Government?
Theea«e ot Tent essee was referred to the other
day. Tha S a'e, at present, is without representa
tives n this t ¡amber, and is it not a* imperative
on the SlAtc 'o -end Senators as to -end Repre-
senta ive 1 Bu* i is left to th  Stite useif to de-
cide on uVs m\ e', al' ou h it is as much w Urn
ttie prov nee ff the Federal Government to íequire
that S'att to s no S ia ots as to send R pres mo-
tives. Su po e in  Str*- of New Hamp h.re
-hou d deel le to cam out this law, in ' refuse t
-end R p'es-nivves to Ci igie-s What the t
Wfi not tha" jsi t j c ot tu'l a* much n'ere-t t
New Hampshire as t> the Fet'era' Go<.<nnmen >
The Federal Government d d not c'aim to hav 
the pover to compel New Hampshire to sen!
Representative- Whenever it c-tme to such a
crisis as that, if there should be a ge> eral move-
ment ot the kind, it would be an evidence that the
power of cohesion no longer existed: there «diHif
be an end to all mutual duties and obligations.
With regard to the enumerated powers of Con-
gress, it was a plain case that these poweVs might
be eiiher dormant or active; they might be subjetot
to laws te assert and carry them out, or they might
he m abeyance till asserted by laws of Congress.
If m abeyance, the States might use them till they
were superseded by a law of Congress asserting
their exercise on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment. The States had the reserved right to their
uss till demanded by the General Government. He
next alludod to the arguments on the other side,
made by the Senator from Alabama yesterday—that
it was all visionary to expect the representation of
minorities. This was a monstrous doctr?Jb«-f. na
such state of things could exist.
Mr. BAGBY explained that he had said minori-
ties could not, and would not, in great political
questions, be represented. He asked ihe Senator
from Kentucky if the party lines in his State wer 
drawn?
Mr. MOREHEAD said he believed they were
pretty much as in other States.
Mr. BAGBY asked the Senator if, in a great po-
litical question—not with regard to private rights 
but public rights—a question between the majority
and the minority—he would feel bound tocoofoim
his votes in this chamber to the will of the majority
or of the minority of his State?
Mr. MOREHEAD observed, that he would an-
swer the Senatoi's question without hesitation. lit
any great political question between the majority
and minority of his State, he would religiously con-
form to the will of the majority. In great public
questions, be should be thus governed; but in pri-
vate rights, he would be uninfluenced by party mo-
tives, and he would as faithfully represent the mi-
nority as the majenty.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed, that if he thought
any remarks he had to make -would prolong the
discussion so as to prevent the bill being advanced
on its passage to-daf, Ire would not say a word-
He would ask the Senator from Georgia whemer
the discussion was to b° earned any further
Mr. BERRIEN could not say; he would not in-
terfere with the course the Senator should thiak
proper to pursue.
Mr BUCHANAN then proceeded, and spoke
for about an hour.    At present, we can only give
an outline of the grounds he took.
Mr. B made and enforced the following points:
1  That this provision, requiring the State Le-
gislatures to divide the several States into single
Congressional districts, ought not to have been em-
braced in the present bill    It was the imperative
duty of Congress, und<¡r the Constitution, to ap-
portion Representatives among the several States,
according to their respective numbers.    It was ne-
cessary to the very preservation of the Govern-
ment that this duty should bs performed.   If it had
b en the intention of the framtrs of the bill (which
it certainly was n>t) to have defeated this purpos 
altogether, tcey could not have devised any better
means to accomplish their purpose   Suppose twen-
ty Senators must voteagaihst the bill, because they
deem  the provision unconstitutional   if five mora
should vo'e against it, because they deem the ratio
too small, or too gieat, or for any other reason,
this gpporti nment bill is thus defeat-d; and we
shall   hav   no   apportnent   of Representatives
amen?   the S at '-       The   subject of districting
the States ought, tnerefure, to have been kept dis-
tinct from 'he apportionment of Representatives.
3 Adc ittmg that Cong'ess possesses the power
(7er the «hoe subj ct can we exercise it, by
,mipis! a mandamus to the State Legislatures,
d rfctire them what legislation they shall aoopt?
or musino Congress pa«s the law, a-d execre it
bv it, on authority? The governing pnneip.e
of the frawers of the Constitution—'he very key
which unlocks its meaning—1« tv-at the enume-
rated powers conferred upon Congress are to b«
