ms
executed by Federal, and not by State authority.
The system of requisitions upon States existed un-
der the old Confederation; but the States neglected
or refused to obey those requisitions. It was for
the purpose of enabling the Federal Government
to act by its own authority dnectly uporabe people,
mi not upon the State sovereignties, that the Fede-
ral Convention was called together. You now pro-
pose to direct the Legislatures of sovereign Slates
how they shall act, just as you did under the old
Confederation. These Legislatures must exercise
their own discretion, and if they solemnly believe
your law to be unconstitutional, they cannot vote
for carrying it into effect, without violating their
oaths. The principle has been admitted by all,
that Congress cannot direct a State L gislature
■what law it shall pass; but the fact is denied that
this bill contains any such mandate. This appeared
to him to be too clear for argument. The till was
as positive in its language as it could be; and the
penalty annexed for disobedience was, that the
States should have no representation in Congress.
If, then, you desire to establish the district system,
do it under your own authority—which you have
a right to do; but do not command the States to do
it for you.
The third point made by Mr. Bdchanaw was
that, although Congress possesses the constitutional
power to district the States for the election oí Rep-
resentatives, if it will carry out the whole process
by its own authority, yet, under existing «rcum
stances, it would be a great abuse to exercise this
power.
All the dangerous collisions which have ever
existed between the State and Federal authorities,
have arisen from the exercise of doubtful and dan-
gerous powers by Congress. This is an attempt to
interfere with what immediately concerns the dear-
est domestic institution of the States—their dis-
cretion as to the mode in which they will elect
their own Representatives to Congress So jealous
■were onr fathers in this particular, that seven oí
the State conventions which ratified the Constitu-
tion solemnly protested against the exercise of this
power, unless to perpetuate the Government itself.
Does any such necessity exist now for interposing?
Have the States neglected to perform their appro-
priate duties? Has any complaint come up to us
from the people on this subject? Not one. We
now propose to legislate, not for any existing evil,
but for evils, which may hereafter exist, but, for
the present, are confined to the imagination of
Senators. Mankind are too much governed. This
dangerous power ought never to be exercised with-
out necessity.   Why, then, interfere?
Mr. B. proceeded to defend Mr. Wright
against the attacks which had been made upon him
by Whig Senators. He said, if you pass this bill,
the Legislatures of the different States may con-
sider it, as he did, unconstitutional. How can
they try the constitutionality of the bill, m a con-
stitutional manner, but by providing a different
mode of electing Representatives from what this bill
prescribes. The Representatives thus elected will
present themselves to the House, and demand ad
miswon. That House is the only tribunal on earth
which can decide the question. If several States
should pursue this course—and some of them must
pursue that course, for it is now too late to change
their laws—it would involve the country in great
confusion, and subject it to imminent danger. The
Senator from New York, then, made no threat; but
he merely said, under such circumstances, the
House of Representatives would long pause before
they would reject Representatives thus elected by
sovereign States.
The large States have never complained that a
few of the small ones elect by general ticket. In a
political view, they counterbalance each other.
The general-ticket system is gradually growing into
disrepute in public opinion. It will wear out of
ltselt, if you would leave the subject alone. But
your very legislation may arouse this slumbering
lion. If you carry this provision by a strict party
vote, it will probably, ere long, be repea'ed by a
party vote. Congress may then go 'till farther.
"She people of Pennsylvania may think that they
■r ought not to exereise less political power in the
House of Representatives than New Jersey; and
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they may insist upon the general-ticket system, to
correct this inequality. If left to themselves, they
will remain content with the existing system.
He concluded by solemnly appealing to the Sen-
ate not to exercise this doubtful aad dangerous
power, when no necessity existed for its exercise.
Mr. TALLMADGE conceived that if there ever
was a question agitated, in this or the other House,
free from doubt, this was that question. If there
had been a doubt on his mind, the debate on the
subject would have dispelled it To him, it was
now perfectly plain that the law was both constitu-
tional and expedient. He did not design to re-
capitulate the arguments adduced in support of the
constitutional question; but he would submit his
views in relation to one or two points. Ths Con-
stitution allows the Stales to make regulations in
relation to the times, manner, and place of hold-
ing elections, and Congress may alter the regula-
tions of the States.
If he understood the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, he denies this right of Congress
Mr. BUCHANAN interposed to say that he had
made no such denial.
Mr TALLMADGE.    Well, then, he under-
stood the Senator now to concede the right of Con-
gress to alter the time appointed by the States fir j
holding elections ; to alter the place of holding
elections ; or to alter the manner of holding elec-
tions.   1 his being conceded, he did not conceive
how it could be contended that Congress had the
discretion to exercise the power in part or wholly
He held that, whatever time, manner, or place
Congress may think fit to appoint for holding elec-
tions, the States are bound to conform—it is their
duty.     A Legislature which refuses  to do this,
violates not alone its duty to the Umte'd States,
but its du'y to its own State    But he was in favor
of exercising this power, at presentías far only as
to single districts, but no fui ther; because he thought
it would be most satisfactory to a majority of the
State  not to have double districts    He held that
it was altogether expedient for Congress to pass.
I   this law now, and if it was passed, he would un-
'  dertake to say that the people of bis Siate woald
obey it.   He denied that there was any disposition
in that State to question the power of Congress in
this matter.   New York hesitated long about com-
ing into this Union, bat it was not on any ques-
tion of this power, it was wholly on the ground of
having to give  up her immense imposts.    He
would not say that he did not know that New
York would or would not obey this law, for he did
kaow  that   she would   not   hesitate—she never
would be so recreant to her duty as not to perform
it, knowing that it is enjoined by the Constitu-
tion
Mr. WALKER said he would occupy the Sen-
ate but a very short time, to answer one cf the ob-
servations, of ihe Senator from New York. The
argument of the honorable Senator was, that
Congress had the power of fixing the place
for the election of members to Congress. Let this
be granted. Congress may undoabVdly do so, but
when Congress does so, they must do it specifical-
ly, and not issue their mandate to tne Sta'e Legis-
lature to fix thatpiace No, sir, the law must be
complete within itself, and it will then esecu e it-
self, and wi 1 require no intervening power. Let
us put an analogous ease; and I call the attention
of the Senator from New York to it Will the
Senator from New York say that, provided Con-
gress pass an act declaring 'hat the elect'ons shall
be held at such place as the Legislature shall es-
tablish—will the Senator say that the State Legis-
lature would be bound by it? This is precisely
analogous to the present case. Admitting tne
power of Congress to exist to pass such a law, yet,
by leaving that law imperfect, and to be completed
by the action of the State Legislature, it amounts
to little better than if they passed no law at all It
is, in truth and in fact, a mere nullity. And no
districts being made, no elections can take place by
districts. We do not command the State Legisla-
tures, for we have no power to command them
Now, suppose Congress had passed a law declaring
that the time of holding the elections should be on
I such day in the month of October as the State
j Legislature might determine.   There being no day
fixed uuttl the intervention of the State Legisla-
ture, provided lhat State Legislature omit or refuse
to comply with the mandate of Congress, the law-
is imperfect and cannot execute itself. You cannot
compel the State Legislature to obey your mandate;
and, as your law cannot be executed by halves,
a power which is vested in Congress cannot be
executed in part by ths State Legislature.    When
the power is a concurrent power, as in this case, it
may be executed by either the States or by Con-
gress; and when Congress makes an enactment
upon the subject, and perfects that enactment, her
authority supersedes the authority of the State Le-
gislature.   But it is not supreme, unless executed.
If not carried out, it is-a nullity.   And when the
State proceeds to carry out such a law, you have,
m effect, two laws.   It would be the most extraor-
dinary anomaly in legislation.   Mr. Walker in-
stanced the case of a bankrupt law passed by Con-
gress, but requiring an enactment of the State Le-
gislature to perfect it, and carry it into operation.
Such a law would be a ridiculous burlesque upen
legislation; for, although both the State L gislature
and the Congress of the United States have concur-
rent power in the matter, yet the exercise of a part
of the power by one, leaving the balance to be ex-
ecuted by the other, was, most assuredly, never
contemplated by the framers of the Constitution.
Sir, (continued Mr. Walkeb,) after much reflec-
tion upon this subject, I do not entertain a shadow
of doubt as to the inutility of such an enactment.
I think it is one of the clearest constitutional ques-
tions that was ever brought to the consideration of
this body.
Mr EVANS, in reply to the arguments of the
Senator from Mississippi, that Congress never had
passed a law prescribing certain bounds of time or
place of holding elections, but requiring the States
to fix the precise time or place within the pre-
scribed bounds, referred the Senator to the law of
1792, prescribing the time for electing electors for
President to thirty-four days preceding the first
Wednesday m December He also made other
references, and asked, did not this meet the Sena-
tor's objections, that Congress could not appoint
the íange of time in which elections should be held,
leaving it to the Legislatures to pass a law fixing
the day? So it was m regard to place, on the sub-
ject of which he made other refeienees.
Mr. WALKER contended that the Senator's
references were not to the point at issue. The
question would be as to the power of Congress to
fix a range of time or place for the election of Rep-
resentatives, and require the State Legislatures to
pas* a law defining both specifically.
Mr EVANS conceived the case was in point.
The Senator denied that there ever was an attempt
made by Congress to pass a law of the kind, and
he had met the denial by proof that there was. He
would not have risen, had not the Senator's denial
been so peremptory.
Mr WHITE moved an adjournment.
On the motion to adjoHrn, the \eas and nays
were ordered, and resulted—yeas 20, nays 21.
Mr WHITE believed that the law would pass
with 'he clause now m it, and if i did, if there was
any faith to be placed in the omens brought for-
ward in this debate, that New York and Pennsyl- •
vania would either pa^s acts m contravention of it,
or refuse to send Representatives to Congress.
Mr BUCHANAN interposed, to explain that,
if the Senator thought so from any thing he had
said, he was mistaken So far from saying any such
thing with regard to Pennsylvania, he had express-
ly said that he believed that Slate would not refuse
compliance with the law.
Mr. WHITE contended that, no matter what
might be the belief of the Senator, it was to be
inferred that Pennsylvania would not sanction
the exercise of the power, and it was equally plain
that the Senator from New York [Mr. Wright]
anticipated that his Stale would di*sent. Mr. W.
was proceeding at great length to argue the question
of constitutionality, when
Mr PRESTON rose and interposed to say that
it was obvious the Senator from Delaware, and
others, as well as the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee in charge of the bill, could not have
time to speak this evening; he would,  therefore,
