580
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Secretary, « seemed to him, (Mr. Coopsn,) as-
sumed what he had no right to assume—that this
House would act unjustly towards the persons im-
plicated. He presumsd, if the information was
iurmshed to the House, it would take a proper
course of action in regard to it; that it would sub-
mit it to a committee; and that it would act with as
much tenderness as the Secretary of War would
do. It was an imputation on the character of this
body, which the Secretary was not justified in
making.
He would not detain the Honse longer, at pres-
ent, with any further remarks on this subject; he
had only risen for the purpose of stating, for the
benefit of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gushing,] what he said yesterday, except to say
that the House would fail to vindicate its own
lights, if it did not compel the production of the
report which it had called for. The papers desired
were not the private property of the Secretary of
War; the reports contained matter which it was
necessary the House should understand, and in
- relation to which it had already taken jurisdiction,
and submitted it to one of its committees. He knew
not what parliamentary course it would be proper
for the House to parsue; but he had no doubt
the House would take such action on the subject
as would secure its own rights, as well as the rights
of its constituents—the people of the United States.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the
motion now pending—the motion of reference to
the Committee on Indian Affairs—by the addition
of the words "with msttuctions to inquire and re-
port to this House whether any, and what, further
steps should be taken to enforce the order of the
House; and that th« said committee have power to
send for persons and papers."
Mr. CUSHING said the House would perceive,
from the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cooper,] as well as from the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Cave
Johnson,] that this was an important question, go-
ing to the very feundation of the Government;
namely, whether there was any limit to the exec-
utive and legislative functions, and what they
were. The gentleman from Pennsylvania began
by saying that this was the first time in the history
of our Government when the head of a depart-
ment had refused to communicate papers on the
application of the House; but the gentleman must
have then forgotten that wh'ch he afterwards al
luded to—that these papers relate to a negotiation
bow pending; and that it was the daily practice to
refuse papen appertaining to a pending negotia-
tion Itstead, then, of being a novelty, it was in
pursuance of the ordinary course; and, therefore,
ihe remarks made on this first branch of the sub-
ject must be cons dered as limited and qualified to
those that do not relate to the pending negotia-
tions.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania asked what the
nature of the negotiations were, if they did not re-
late to a claim for money m connexion wi<h those
contract ?
Mr CUSH1NG replied, that it mattered not of
what nature the negotiations were—whsther in re-
lation to a boundary or an unsatisfied claim; the
umforrr¡ established usage of the Government, and
the daily practice of the Executive, was to refuse
communications in relation to pending negotiations.
Leaving out of view, then, that part of the case,
they came to the great and important question
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania said was
a vital one—in relation to the powers of this House__
and which he (Mr. C ) desired as much as any
gentleman to see settled. The question was, had
this House an absolute power to demand from the
Executive, or head of any department, th« produc-
tion of sny papers whatever; or, when the House
Colled lor papers, had the Executive power to
refuse, according to reasons of state known only
to himself? The gentleman from Pennsylvania
said it was the first case known m the history of
our Government; but the contrary was the fact.
There was an important case in point, in which the
question arose, under General Washington's ad-
ministration, whether this House had a right to de-
mand papers at its discretion, or whether the Ex-
wmftire possessed a discretion to grant or refuse
them. He read an extract from the 4th volume of
Jefferson's Memoirs, containing the case to which
he had alluded, which, he said, established the
fact that the Cabinet of General Washington came
to the conclusion that the Executive possessed a dis-
cretion to communicate or not; aad that he had the
right, in determining, to look into considerations of
state.
He asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
show him any authority by which this House had
the right to the papers on the files in the Executive
departments. The gentleman tells us that this
House is the grand inquestof the nation. B: it so;
but then it came within the rules of laws and parlia-
mentary usage applicable to cases of impeach-
ment. What were the functions of a grand jury?
Were they ts extort evidence from any person ?
Mast not a grand jury be guided by the rules of
law? Must it not proceed in a legal form ? And
as to papers, had a grand jury authority to extort
papers irom any one? A grand jury must indict
according to rules of law, and not by extorted pri-
vate papers ; and, therefore, the idea with which
the gentleman started was not justified by the anal-
ogy-
But he would dismiss analogy, and come to the
precise facis. Did, then, this House possess the
power to compel the production of papers which
the President possessed? or had not the President
an equal right to compel this House to communi-
cate papers to him? Then powers were correla-
tive; and the House did not possess power to
compel the President to communicate anything
which he possessed; and instead of its being a
question of right, either on the part of tbe House
or of the President, to call for the production of
papers, it was but a question of comity and cour-
tesy. The President voluntarily did that which
he thought his duty required him to do; and
if the House asked him to do that which his
duty d-d not require, he had the right to exercise his
discretion. He should like to know how this Hous 
was to c impel the Executive to do that which
the Constitution did not justify and warrant. He
knew of no proces~by which the President could
be compelled to communicate papers which he
deemed h's daty requiied him to withhold There
were limits within which their ancestors had
placed both the House and the Presiden1; and
while he would keep the PresideEt sedulously
within the limits of his power, by every means
which human ingenuity could i'evisc, yet, if ihey
would maintain the Government which their an-
cestors had established, it was just as important
that this House should restrict its powers within
its prescribed limits There might be encroach-
ments as well by Congress agamst the President,
as oy the President against Congress, and u was the
duty of every man wno loved his country, and who
wished to guard and preserve its Constitution, to
withs'and all tendency to encroachment as well
on the part ef this House as on the part of the
President. The failure of all republics might be
traced to their seizure of power, which led them
into anarchy.
Were, then, the reasons given by the Secretary
of War satisfactory? In the first place, the papers
appertained to a pending negotiation, and a refu-
sal, in such cases, was the daily practice. In rela-
tion to the second class of papers, he recurred
a?ain to the analogy put by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania; and he inquired, who did not know
that the ex parte pvid nce taken before the grand
írquest was not meant for publication' for the
grand jurors were sworn to secrecy, and ihere were
sufficient reasons, inasmuch as the evidence was
ex parle In this case, the Secretary alleged that
the evidence was ex parte, thai it was giiren by
persons who were tot under oath; and that it
m ght implicate persons who had not had an op-
portun ty for explanation And were not these
sufficient reasons? Or were tf e ex parte papers on
the files of the Executive to be toiown ODPn to the
public press? If the House had the r>ght to call
for th<°se papers, it had the right to call for all pa-
pers—for papers regarding applications to office,
and removals from office; and there would be no
limit They might sweep clear the departments,
whateyer might be the nature of the papers, and
throw ihem out, to be the subject of partisan discus-
sion and misrepresentation, thereby inflicting in-
calculable injury on individuals, and on the busi-
ness ot this House. In this case, instead of bla-
ming the Secretary of War, he lauded and honored
him for his firmness, in bringing the question be-
fore this House, and submitting his views respect-
ing the production of ex parte, unsworn papers, af-
fecting the rights of individuals.
But again the House had its own means of ob-
taining evidence; it had its own authority to get
the facts; it might appoint a commi'tee,and inter-
rogate individuals, and investigate the^e frauds in
its own m- de
He then alluded to a refusal of the House, at the
extra session, to entertain a motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr Proffit,] calling for this
same information, and to the shortness of time
which the Executive had had for the consideration
of this case, and the short lime which remained to
ihe House of the present session , and he closed
with a reiteration of his approbation of the firm-
ness and the independence of the Secretary of War,
and of his regard for private rights.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired if the morning hour
had not expired.
The SPEAKER replied that this subject was not
confined to the morning h ur.
Mr. ADAMS said this was certainly an impor-
tant qus«tion oí constitutional right in relation to
the respective limits of ihe power of the executive
and legislative branches of Government; and it
had been very unexpectedly brought to the consid-
eration of the House.
It was not, however, entirely new, either to him
or to the House; but he now rose to express his
dissent, with great reluCance, from Ihe whole of
the argument of his colleague [Mr. Gushing:] in
this case. It was his firm conviction that it was
the right, and in the power of the House, to call on
the heads of de^a- ments for every paper that
passes through their hands, or that comes into their
possession, ferhaps there m'ght be a large portion
of the House that would be as much startled at that
position on his part, as any one could have been at
th° position of his colleague. But he was bound to
take it, and as he bebeved it to be one of very great
importance io the future history of this country, he
wou'd. state ihe ground-  on waich he made the dec-
laraiion It was lotnded on that portion of the
Coastituticp ot the United States which gives to
this Hou-.e the power of impeach sent Why,
what mockery it won d be for the Constitution of
the United Stales to say that that House should
have tne power of irmeaefament, extending even to
the President of the United States himself, and yet
to say that the House had not ihe power to obtain
the evdence and proofs on which their impeach-
ment was ba.ed. Ii appeared to him equivalent
to a self-eviúent principle, that the power of im-
peachment gives to the House necessarily the
po'ver to call for persons and papers.
He then passed to a*i examination of the extract
from Jefferson's Memoirs quo'ed by his colleague,
and lecapitulated ihe decision of Pre>ident Washing-
ton's Cabine* on the four pom's stated, namely:
First, that the House was an inquest, and, therefore,
nvg'it inquire, secondly, that it might call for
papers generally; thirdly, that the Execative ought
to communicate such papers as the public good
woull perm't, ar>d refuse those that would be inju-
rious to the public interest They here determined
that the Executive had a discretion to send or to re-
fuse to s nd Taat was the opinion of the Execu-
tive officers under the administration of President
Washington; bm was it the opinion of this House?
Was it the opinion of the oiher branch of Con-
gress? He entertained as much resp-ct for the ex-
ecu i"e adminisirttion of President Washington,
as any member of that House, bu> nere that admin-
istration had undertaken to ascertain what were
the p >w-rs of this Hi use as the gran 1 inquest of
the nation, without consul ation with eithpr this or
the other House, aad thus it had decided that the
President had a discretionary power Well, the
fourth decision was, that neith-r the House, nor a
cnmmiKeeof the House, had the right to call upon
ihe head of a department—who, and his papers, were
under the President alone, but that the President
