CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§¿$
vná&w of John R. Shaw, praying to be indemni-
fied for losses sustained by him, by ihe capture of
the frigate Essex; which were ordered to he on the
table and be printed.
DAILY HOUR OP MEETING.
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the resolution
submitted by htm a few days since, proposing to
fix the daily hour hereaftet for the meeting of the
Senate at 11 o'clock a. m., instead of 12, was
taken up by a vote of 18 to 17.
Mr W. said he dtd not wish to detain the Sen-
ate by saying a word in favor of the resolution,
but merely to have the question on its adoption
The qttes'ion was takeD, and the resolution was
adopted by ayes 21, noes not counted
Mr BENTON asked the Senate to take up the
bill for the armed occupation and settlement of
Florida. His object was to have the bill progressed
with, without interfering with the special order.
Mr BUCHANAN suggested whether it would
not answer the purpose of the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr Benton] equally as well to postpone the
motion to take up this bill till to-morrow morning,
by which time he hoped the apportionment bill
would be disposed of.
Mr BENTON'S object was not to interfere with
that bill, but merely to fill up a gap in the morning
hour. If the gentleman from Pennsylvania pre-
ferred the other motion, he would not oppos„ it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he did. He felt it was
his duty to acquit himself by pressing the passage
of the apportionment bill He therefore made the
motion to take up that bill, and it wa agreed to,
and
The Senate proceeded to consider, a*> in commit- -
tee of the whole,
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
The question pending, when the Senate adjourn-
ed en Saturday, was the motion oí Mr. Wriqht
to amend the following secuon of the bill:
Sec 2 And be u further entmted That, in eveiy caie
when a State is entitled to more than one Representative, the
number to which each State shall be entitled undel t ns apnor
Urmment shall be elected by districts, composed of contiguous
teintory, equal in number to the number of Representatives to
which said State may be entitled—no one district electing more
than one Representative
Mr. Wright had moved to strike from the above
section the words ' no one district electing more
than one Reptesentative," and to insert the words
"as far as that can be done in conformity with the
established election systems of the States but no
State shall, by virtue of the provisions of this sec-
tion, consider itself called upon to divide counties,
or other election districts, tor the i urpose of fur-
nishing single distucts."
Mr. WHITE hid been examining this queslioi
to find out what it was that had excited so much
opposition ts the proposition af district elections
and he had been unable to discover any grounds
for the excitement of zeal in this opposition which
the Senate had witnessed It was not the States
which properly had any thing to do with the peipe-
tutty of this Unio. • their mteres's are antagonist to
the powers of the Federal Government. They re-
luctantly surrendered up any portion of their power-,
As the perpetuity of the Unio.i is, then, the chief
concern of the Federal Government itself, it fol
lows that it is necessary, and, indeed, indispensable,
that she should have 11 her ora hands the means
of self-preservation. And what was the posver now
about to be exercised, but a powei of „elf-preserva-
uorV?                                                      ,   ,
Ha referred to the Constuution in which provi-
sion has been made for the perpetuity ot the repie-
gentation in the popular branch of the Legislature,
the Houss of Representative—by defining the qual-
ifications of Representatives, pnd maintaining the
fundamental principle that Congress shall have
power to make or aitei the regulations of the States
in relation to the times, manner, and place of hold-
ing elections. He commented at great lenxih upon
the construction of the Constitution, that Congress,
upon any exigency, may alter such rtguiations as
the States themselves nay have mad", and he con-
cluded that, if this alteration amounted to the very
converse of any principle laid dovvn by the Slaies,
the States are bound to conform to >he alteration.
Although Congress may make u*e of the ma-
chinery provided by the States, if ihey are willing
to provide it, yet, if Congress thinks it better to
provide the machinery itself, the States are un-
doubtedly bound by the Constitution to aid Con-
gress in carrying out its regulations, in providing
for the return of Representatives, mdispensab'e to
form the most important branch of the General
Government He contended that, for all purposes
of selt-preservation, it was contrary to all reason
and f&ct to suppose the General Government should
not have ample and plenary power to provide Fed-
eral machinery.
He contended that the term " times, places, and
manner," was a pleonasm ; it was all summed up
in the word "manner." In prescribing the man-
ner, the time and place must be included. The ar-
guments brought forward by the gentleman oppo-
site were, on this occasion, as on all ether occa-
sions, such as, when pressed home to the wall,
rebound upon themselves. This be illustrated, by
quoting postulates of Opposition arguments, which,
be contended, were as conclusive against their
principles as against the principles oí the affirma-
tive side of the present question.
He quoted analogous authority as to the proposi-
tion of using a confirmed power, partially or tempo-
rarily, if Congress thought fit—such as in the case of
invasion, when the Federal Government might sus-
pend the wilt of habeas corpus in certain cases, but not
in all cases, but, whether prescribed ts a single case
or to many, obliging the Stales to confo'm There
were many instances of Federal control without af-
fecting the dignity or rights of the States . among
those, the militia act of 1799, providing that, in
one year, the militia should be divided into such
compan es, regiments, and brigades, as the Slate
LegNaturts might regulate. Bu , suppose the
S ates had refused to pass any act to carry out that
m Una law would not the whole militm system for
the time have fallen to the ground' What did the
militia law of 1792 propose that was not, m prin-
ciple, the rimc es the proposition of the clause now
under consideration? He also referred to the three
per cent fund reserved by the new States on com-
ing into the Union, with regard to which, Congress
exercised the power of restricting the State to the
specific appropriation. But no one, he contended,
ever talked of any indignity to the States in this
control.
Reverting to the proposition before the Senate,
he contended that, if the States declined to carry
out this law, the course was plain to which Con-
gress would be driven—and it was, to provide Fed-
eral machinery for the emergency, and to do ihat
whi h was nece5sary for the sslf-preservation of the
Umop. It i  its duiy—not that of the 8 ates It is
not a regulation of individual rights be ongmg to
the States themselve', it is an object Ihe necessity
of wheh begins to be apparent, and the time for
meeting which has now arrived.
What was the real question at issue in ¡he Sen-
a'e at the piesent moment? Was it not a question
wheiher the representation in the popular branch
of the National Legislature shall be a populai
re-pre entation, or a party representation' On thib
issue he wai r*ady to meet his constituents on the
vote be should give.
Hereferred'o, and quoted, parages fiom the works
of the elder Adams, to show the principles on which
it was understood demccratic institutions should be
formed Mr. Adams quote , and commen's up >n,
passages from essays on government, from Mi.
Lolt, John Mil'on, Sir Thomas More, Pla o, and
Others, Mr Adams's comments upon which proved
that he was orthodox on the subject of free govern-
ment. Mr W. read Mr A.'s, opinion, that the
only cu-e for the abuses of the mixed Govemment
of England was to be made in the House of Com-
mons, by confining the representatives to small
distr ct¡>, in which none could be elected as repre-
sen'aaves but persons well known, resident, sr-,A
personally accountable to their constituents. This
was the principle which those who now advocated
the clause in the pre ent bill wished to see carried
out, it was the only principle which could preserve
the purity and permanency of this Government
Mr, BATES obser/ed that there were circum-
stances, otlur than those of the necessity of giving
a mere vote, which rendered it important to him
that he should express his sentiments on the sub-
ject tinder discussion. In doing so, he could not
help, in the first place, declaring his surprise, not
only at the opposition now evinced, but at the
character of that opposition.
The bill simply proposes to establish a uniform
rulejbr the election of Representatives to the other
branch of the National Legislature. It vas a prop-
osition to .make the district system the uniform mojie
of electing Representatives. It was not a system,
against which the States could be opposed. The
bill proposes to do what Congress can alone best
do, and which no other body but Congress can do.
The first objection is the bluff one urged by the
Senator from Alabama—that Congress has no con-
stitutional power to pass the bill, with this clause
in it. How surprised would the framers of the Con-
stitution be, to be told that no such power exists ?
What were they contesting in the Convention, if
the power wa  not believed to be in existence!
But the Senator from Alabama was forced to admit,
by the terms of the Constitution, that Congress
could, by alteration of State regulations, district
the States.
Mr. BAGBY interposed to explain, that what he
had admitted was, that Congress might make an
alteration, districting the States, for the purpose of
holding elections.
Mr. BATES continued. He understood Ihes
Senator from Alabama now, as he did before, to
concede the power of Congress to district the
States—no matter for what purpose. Now, he
could not conceive how the right to exercise this
power, as proposed in the clause under considera-
tion, could be contested, for, admitting (as had
been admitted) that, when the States are allowed,
to make the regulations necessary for elections,
Congress has express power to alter these regula-
tions, it s emed to him that the objection had no
foundation whatever to rest on.
He read the passage in the Constitution relating
to the subject under discussion, and commented on
it at considerable length, particularly with respect
to the meaning of the word alter, wVich, he con-
tended, met the present proposition, and supported
it to the very letter.
If Congiess has not the power, every Senator
must agree with him that it ought to have the
powef: But tt-ist^jd the power cannot exist, be-
cause this section of thVT5nrrs~a-xOTJHmw«l_rjpjpur-
wg obedience from the States, and that no authority
is conferred on Congress by the Cons'i'ution to
command the States, or to enforce obedience. Now,
he denied that there was anything in the clause
which could be construed into a command. Con-
gress does not make the command, it only taakes
the rale. Thecommaná,if any exis's, comes from
the Constitution; and, if the States refuse to com-
ply with the rule, their disobedience is a disobedi-
ence to the Constitution—not of any command of
Congress, which had nothing to do with the matter
but to fix the rule. He contended that Congress
being empowered to make the rule, when iW law
fires the rule it is the same thing as if u was an
express authority incorporated m me Constitution
Ano her objection was, that Congress could not
execute the law. He maintained that, if Congress
thought proper to make an alteration in the pres-
ent sjstem, it was the duty of the States to con-
form iheir legislation to it. Another objection, he
'aid, had been urged—that Congress could notexe-
cute the second section of the proposed law. He
would ask how, then, could the first section of the
bill be executed, which says that the House of
Representatives shall be composed of members
elecled agreeably to a ratio of 70,680' There was
no command to the States, no delegation of author-
ity in that section It simply «sates the necessity
for action on the part of the States—that is, to con-
form their legislation to it. Such was the case
with reference to the «econd section, proposing
that the States shall be diotneted There was no
delegation of authority—no command .o the btates.
That section merely established a principle in con-
fortuity with the Constitution; and tht. same obli-
gation rested upon the States to conform their
legislation to it, as there did with reference to the
first section, or any other constitutional provision
of law. It would therefore b  executed by virtue
of the same authority by which the fita secuon,
