- *H4_____________
; " rrr"TnrflT"""—-^-,—""■ in T-rrrflrrirrrr    •> -ir i n   n -i ! '                        •*
-would be 'executed. It would be executed because
the Constitution demanded it, and because the
members of the Legislatures were sworn to sup-
port and obey that Constitution. He thought,
therefore, if Congress should pass the second sec-
tion, prescribing a uniform rule for the whole
"Union, that the States were bound by the Constitu-
tion to execute it. He argued that Congress ought
not, by its own power and supervision, to undertake
to district the States; but that it was better to estab-
lish the principle, and leave the execution of it to
Ihe State Legislatures, respectively, which were
letter qualified to perform that duty, being in pos-
session of more correct knowledge of the geography
aixd statistics of the States, and the business and
, peculiar interests of the people thereof. He be-
lieved, therefore, the rule had been placed on its
proper footing; that is, that Congress should pre-
scribe it,.and leave the Legislatures to execute it.
If Congress had the power to pass the rule, (of
■which he had no doubt, but which he was willing
to leave to the legal mind of the country to settle,)
he believed that she should exercise that power;
it was, proper, wis£, and expedient to do so.
Wo Senator, he said, had objected to the dis-
trict system. Its adoption could not advance
the interests of either party. The question of
party was not involved; it was a question mere-
ly ot expediency, for the whole people. The dis-
trict system gave a fairer and truer representa-
tion to the people. But, by the general-ticket sys-
tem, persons are imposed on the people, who are
unacquainted with the peculiar interests of the peo-
ple whom they are returned to represent. Such
periens cannot be said truly to represent the peo-
ple. In reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Rives,]—'hat it was inexpedient to
exercise this power, because it was granted to the
Federal Government only as a self-preserving
power; and ought not to be exercised, unless it was
absolutely necessary for the preservation of the
Government—he argued that the panicular induce-
ment for the concession of the power to' the Fed-
eral Government was no limitation of the grant,
and should not operate to prevent its exercise now.
The power was made general, because it was in-
tended that it should be general, and its exercise
subject to the discretion of Congress. He agreed
with ihe Senator from Virginia that this power
ought not to be exercised, unless on a great occa-
sion or great inducement for it. The inducements
were great Not only was the passage of the sec-
ond section iniended to cure great evils, but to
effect great good. It would give the people a more
constitutional and a fairer representation than the
general-ticket system. It proposes that the people
themselves shall be represented. It carries out that
principle in this particular, in support of the Consti-
tution. The people in the districts, by this system,
can select their own candidate—select one whom
they know—who is of themselves—who is re-
sponsible to them, and dependent on them. The
Representative would be responsible to the people,
•who could displace him at pleasure. Mr. B. went
on at some length, pointing out the advantages of
the district over the general-ticket system, main-
taining thit the people never could be fairly repre-
sented without it; that minorities would be totally
disfranchised, if ihe general-ticket sysfem should
universally obtain, which he feared would be the
case if the rale of districting the States was not
adopted.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut said he had seen
rib cause, though much ingenuity had been dis-
played by Senators, to change the opinion which
he had formed, that Congress had not the power to
act in the manner proposed by the second section
of this bill. Upon this belief he was prepared to
act, both here and elsewhere. And if Congress
should pass the bill into a law, unless he should be
convinced hereafter that his opinion was erroneous,
he should treat the enactment as a nullity, because
he was fully persuaded that Congress had not the
power to pass such a law.
What the course of his own State might be
upon this subject, he wss not apprized; bat if they
acted by his advice, or in accordance with his
3ll2,% they woald act ia opposition to the law if it
«SIM.toe passed by Congress.   If he believed it
ÜONCÍRéiggrOKAL GLOBE.
to be within the power of Congress, he would be
the last man to act in opposition to it, or to advise
others to do so; but he believed no such thing. On
the contrary, he believed it to be unconstitutional,
and he should not, therefore, under any circum-
stances, act in favor of it, unless compelled by a
higher authority.
The diversity of opinion which prevailed upon
this subject seemed to arise from not construing
alike the powers of Congress, as given to it by the
Constitution. The militia law had been referred
to as a test of the power of Congress in reference
to this subject. "He denied that an analogy existed
between the two cases. That law, it was true, re-
quired the conjoint action of Congress and the
State Legislatures; but this was of a totally differ-
ent character. The time?, places, and manner of
holding the elections, shall be prescribed by the
Legislatures of the several States. Here was a
plain and direct behest rendered imperative upon
the Legislatures of the several States, and coming
directly from the sovereign pesple—the power
which ereated this Government—and requiring no
mandate or command from Congress. For Con-
gress to act upon this subject, in the first instance,
was a usurpation of the rights of the State Legis-
latures. Though Congress possessed a revisory
power, it clearly could not exercise a concurrent
jurisdiction; but when they attempted to exercise
jurisdiction vrpoa this subject, they must exercise it
to the full extent. Congress could only exercise
the power given to it by the Constitution; and that 
power they were bound to exercise, and were not
at liberty to transfer it io another. And to say that
Congress might indicate to the States what they
should do, was a thing not to be found in the Con-
stitution. The powers of Congress were clearly
marked out and defined in that instrument; and
dictating to the States, as proposed to be done by
this section of the bill, was clearly not one of those
powers; and the section was therefore unconstitu-
tional and void.
Mr. KERR wished to express his sentiments on
this bill, for two reasons: first, because he was a
member of the Judiciary Committee, which had
recommended the concurrence of the Senate in the
clause under discussion; and, next, because he felt
that the State which he had the honor in part to
represent was deeply interested in the issue.
With regard to the subject of districting the
States, he should, for the present, confine himself
to the amendment offered by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Wright ] But, in treating of that
amendment, he should necessarily be obliged to
advert to the constitutional power of Congress to
make regulations for districting the States, with a
view of producing some system of uniformity in
the mode of electing Representatives for the other
branch of the National Legislature.
According to bis best information, it was the
unanimous wish of the great mass of the people of
the United States that this d;s<rict system should
be established. He was, therefore, astonished at
the opposition which had been manifested. He
was not disposed to question the motives of
any gemlemen, and he should not, therefore,
¡repute to them improper motives. He should con-
fine himself to a refutation of their arguments. He
had heard with pleasure the able, lucid, and power-
ful speech of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Huntington,] who, with his accustomed astute-
ness, industry, and ability, had collated such a
vast mass of documentary evidence in support of
the views taken by him and his friends, of the
power granted by the Constitution to Congress in
relation to this subject. He hoped the a>?le argu-
ment of the Senator would soon be brought before
the community, that it might be appreciated as it
deserved.
Mr. K. entered into a cursory review of the
several objections which had been offered in oppo-
sition to the clause under consideration, and con-
tended that the power claimed by Consress was not
a supervisory or controlling p«wer, derogatory to
the dignity or sovereignty of the several States. He
had read with attention the Constitution, and the
commentaries which had been made on that
portion of the article which confers the right
I   upon Congress of making or altering the State reg.
ulations; and he should be glad if he could, with
propriety, go as much at large into the subject as
he was accustomed to do in another place, and
upon other subjects; but so much had been already
said, and so well said, by those who had preceded
him, in reference to this very topic, that he felt it
was unnecessary for him to do mure than to con-
fine himself to a very few remarks upon such points
as he conceived merited the particular attention of
the Senate, He agreed fully with those who sus-
tained the right of Congress to ex*rc:se only part
of the power, leaving the rest to the State3 to ex-
ercise. The very meaning of the word "alter"
involved a paramount idea of subdivision; it show-
ed that part of the power might be left with the
States, and part exercised by the Federal Govern-
ment. It was not reasonable to talk of Congress
issuing a mandamus to the Slates, and enforcing
its behests. There was do mandamus—nothing of
the kind. If a Stats did not choose to conform to
the law, it might do as Tennessee now was con-
tent to do, with regard to representation in this
body—it might take its choice to remain without
Representatives.
Where did gentlemen find any prohibition
against Congress partially exercising this power1?
He was surprised to find his honorable friend, the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walkeb,] that
able, astute, and gallant debater on all subjects—
so much at fault as he had proved to be on this oc-
casion.
He was not in the habit of commenting upon
the views taken by gentlemen who are strict con-
structionists; nor did he wish io intermeddle in dis-
cussions of nullification, or to say one word about
it; but, he would ask, what was the threat of the
S ates resisting this law, but a threat of nullifica-
tion? It was nullification, and nothing but nulli-
fication—let gentlemen disguise it as they might.
But it was not possible to revive that doctrine; it
was dead—dead—dead; and, he hoped, past resus-
citation. But it seems the lions of the States are
to be roused; and, when they are roused, instead of
shaking dew-drops from their manes, they are to
shake the general-ticket system. He did not fear
it; for he believed all the States of this Union
would receive the law as a boon ; it would put an
end to the gerrymandering system for party pur-
poses.
He next came to the argument of the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] that if Congress
had the power, it must carry it out by its own offi-
cers and agents; and if it attempted that, it will
fail, having no power to compel the States to com-
ply with the law. This was an argument to which
no other answer could be required than tb read the
Consti'ution, which says Congress shall have
power to make and alter such regulations as the
States might provide. In these words, " to make
or alter," the power was unlimited ; and if the
States choose to refuse compliance wuh the law of
alteration, they violated their daty to the Constitu-
tion, and would be accountable to their own com-
munities for not giving them Representatives.
He considered the whole question at issue nar-
rowed down to the mere question of expediency.
He thought the district sjstem the only one conso-
nant to the true republican principles of this Gov-
ernment, and of the mstitmions of the seveial
States forming the  Confederation.
The general-ticket system had always been con-
sidered revolting to every just idea of republican-
ism. A direct election in districts involves the
only democratic principle that can be devised. A
caucus representation is nothing but a farce of
representation; it is no representation at all. The
general-ticket system is a system of dictation by
party, at last concentrated in a faction, the objects
of which are attained by gerrymandering.
The spread of education was a cogent reassn
for the uniform adoption cf the district system.
TVre was not a farmer in his Siate who could not
sit upon his fence-rail reading his "newspaper and
political book till he beeime as well acquainted
with public affairs as members of Congress. The
time was come when people must prefer ihe dis-
trict system, which enables them to select their
Representatives at home from among those best
