CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         & 
known to them, and most capable of representing
their interests.
Now is the accepted time for exercising this
sleeping power. It was a great mistake to suppose
this was the first time the proposition had been
brought forward In the year 1816, Mr Pickens
brought forward a resolution for districting the
Whole of the United S ates in single districts, and
its commitment was passed by a constitutional ma-
jority of two thirds in that House; but the resolu-
tion was lost on the mam ques ion, by not having
a vote of two-thirds There was another case 11
the Senate, on wmch the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] voted m the affirmative It has
been, from the beginning, the cherished opinion and
wish of a very large majority of the people of the
United States. It can be parsed by both Houses
now, and it would be with the general approba-
tion of the people.
Mr. K. here adverted to the subject of the ratio
fixed in the bill by the Senate, arguing that a
smaller number would be more consistent with the
principle of the district system. He expressed his
sentiments at large in favor of the House of Rep-
resentatives consisting of 300 members, instead of
the number which the ratio of 70,680 allows He
answered all objections in detail, which had bten
brought forward when that branch of the subject
was under consideration. He then asked pardon
of the President pío lem and oí the Senate, for
having so long occupied their time, if not their ?t-
tention.
Mr. WRIGHT had a few words to say, in con-
clusion of the debate on hia side, which he would
prefer doing now, if agreeable to the Senate
Many Senators expressed a wish to adjourn.
Mr BERRIEN noped there would be no mot on
to adjourn till he had an opportunity of moving a
reconsideration of the resolution to meet at 11
o'clock.
Mr SEVIER moved an adjournment.
A division was called for, and 20 being in ths
affirmative, the noes gave it up,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Monday, Jane 6  1842
The House met this morning, for the first time,
at 10 o'clock.
The journal of Saturday having been read—
Mr FILLMORE obtained the floor, and observed
that, as the army bill had to be taken from the
committee at 1 o'clock, and as so siort a t me
would elapse before that honr, he hoped ■" e House
would immediately resolve itself into Committee
of the Who'e on the state of ihe Unton.
Mr. COWEN asked him to gtve way, that he
might notify the House of his intention to subrrit
a motion; which request having been acceded to
by Mr Fillmore, Mr C gave notice to the House
that he should move to aud anomer to its rales—
a rule restricting members addressing the House
or the Commiitpe of the Whole to on° hour.
Mr. FILLVORE then renewed bis motion that
the House go into commmee, which was adopted,
and the Chair, b ing vacated by the Speaker, was
assumed by Mr. Brigqs.
Mr FILLMORE desued, with the consent of
the gentleman from F onda, [Mr. Lfvt-,] to s¿y a
few words in explanation of some of the items oe
the bill, ard to move «everal amendments, in ac-
cordance with ihp istruclions of the Committee
of Ways and Mpj"s
Objection hafingbee1 made by many members,
Mr. LEVY, who held the floor from Sa'uiday,
concluded his lemarks—which wid be published in
the Appendix.
Mr FILLMORE nen mai if sted a di position
to sp*ak. Uut ebjec ion was made, on the grrand
that he hid spokpn one? be orp upo i the qiv-sti  i
Mr, EVERETT said ho woald be in fa/or of
all piacticable ,ed action, but he looted to he
manner in which this proposition to re loci  h*
army had come before th Hoac Itwssc i-
trary to the recommenlauons of the ExecuHve
and the proppr comrmttpps, and came before the
Hon e upon the recommendation of the Commit ee
on Pnbhc Expendieres, who had nothing to do
with the organization of the army.   He felt bound
to pay respect to the jecommendat'oas of the de-
partment , an'', though favorable to proper re-
trenchment, he was oppos d to the princio'e of de
struction sought to be introduced. He had no idea
of dismantling the army or navy, and thus afford-
ing ground for charging the Administration here-
after with not having the power of catrymg on the
Government He should therefore vote against
reduction
Mr. A0AM3 said he shou'd be as brief as pos-
sible m the remarks\he intended/to address to the
commitiee. In his former remarles, he had mani-
fested his objection to 'he continual increase of the
standing army of the United States. He took the
ground that our institutions were based upon the
idea that a standing army was an abhorrence, and
dargerous to the Repqbftc He referred to the
state of things at the close of the Revolution, when
every officer was called upon to resign his commis-
sion, and the military became commingled wilh
tbe citizens < f the Republic He thought with his
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Pope] that the nation
needed no a'my—or, at least, a -very small one. It
could defend itself, and, when war came, a force
could be raised competent to the emergency In
the last war, fifty r*g'ments of troops w re raised
by one ant of Congress, but, no ooner had pe„ce
been established, than an act passed reducing the
aimy to a peace establishment of 10,000 men
Th^t force was the foundation of the present estab-
lishment. But the people were not satisfied w th
th s force In 1821, the army was reduced st'1
further 10 G 000 men T'iat -ct, too, actually dis-
banled General Jackson, bv reducing the number
of maj >r generals to one Gen Brown, beings°nipr,
was retained , whilst Gen. Jackson was aetua ly
legislated out of office, notwimstandmg the eminent
services he had rendt<ed The cosapaaies were
then so arranged as to be enlarged at the first tap
of the drum, m case of war This orgamza'ion
continued tium 1821 to 1832, wiien it was thought
expedient to have a mounted regiment, in conse-
quence of me Black H<i k war Shortly after-
wards, the FioriJd war came on, and ihe grand
projret of remov ng all the Indians beyond ihe M -,-
sissippi. Accordingly, a large ircreise of tne army
was mat e, and voljn'eers emp'oyed at great ex-
pense. In the year 1836, a second rrgim^nl of
dragoons was raised, with the express unde stand-
ing that it was to be disbanded after the Fiorn'a
war had been ended The gentleman ftvm N>nh
Caiol na [Mr McKay! was appjnted chairman
of Ihe Committee on Military Affairs, in ordet that
he might, by his influence, carry through the meas
u'e. That gentleman had told theHonsp that the
army was not increased so much as he then Ad
ministration wis! ed In 1838, th° Se a'e passed a
bill raising it to 15 000 men , and the cruntry had
to thank the gentleman from Nortn Carolina I hat
it di 1 not become p la ■  By trie exertions of that
gentleman, the number was reduced to 12 000, and,
in the name of the peop'e of the Um ed States, he
thanked the gentleman t r \vh?t he had don 
He expUimd t*ie c ijfse \ '•a he h->d a1 ways
ta'/en 01 ihe cubjec Always eMertairing n
a/er^tin to Si r/in  a- n?* tne journils would
sh ) v thit he ' id u 1 fo rmy vo  d agí ns' aiy n
creise of our f ce The settled prnem'e of
the act of 1821 wa , to have a disi rnpomoned
nun bir of offioe s si mat the aimy cotud be in-
creased at o y mo nenl, At the rommeneement of
the «e  ion, there wis a much greater prospfct of
var t^?n it p-tsen , and th re ore, ihe Execut ve
wis, in orne measn-e justified in the repommen-
datmns mad". But 'he prospect of p acp was now
siron", and He urged this as a r p on whv reduc
tion hoolr! be m d . H° re erred to *he estimit°s
of tie S e ptaiy of the Trpasury, sent 111 at th?
ce imer cerner of thp ess 01 n v mc1! tt*e amomt
reimred fo" tKe army was put do n at ra^re han
<ll 00J0I0, ir^tiei \5 Pttn re than $g 000 000
H1 Ki If 1 a l to th- c"y cf oxt'ávasance
raised pg 1 n existir  art i mirations Th  rn
hai be 1 r «<"d ?g lost every Pip dent from
Wi v ngton to th^ p>e e t day As r r hi 1 e'f,
he had nev>r jo ned in tvi e j , ne hfld nevt.r ad
dressed Wh g i3"etmg^, telun? them of the reforms
to be p roduced by this Admtnistiation If, how
ever, he was disposed to talk of extravagance, he
might find ample instances in these two items of
$20,000,000 for the army and navy. What was
the amount expected to be raised from the tariff, ae-
cording to the "g'onous compromise" of 1833?.
Sixteen millions of dollars. Here, then, was a de-
ficit of $7 000 000 between these two sums aloae.
Besides, we had authorized a loan of $12 000 000,
and Treasury notes to the amount of $5 DOO.OOO—
making $17,000 000 which Uncle Ssm had to pay.
There were two alternative?—pay the money, or
repudiate the debt. Either alternative wa? disa-
greeable
He referred to the various efforts made in the
House at retrenchment, by cutting down the pages,
the pens and paper of members, the salaries of
clerks, &o The Committees of Retrenchment
had done their duty , but he thought, when we
wished to be economical, we should look to the ar-
my and navy. If the amendment offered to this
bill prevailed, it would save more than all the re-
ductions of salaries that could be introduced.
He replied to the remarks of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr Everett,] who declared he would
vote against reduction, because it was not recom-
mended by the Military Committee. If the gen-
ii man would go a"Cordmg to the Military Com-
mitt e he wou'd have to vote for an increase in-
stead of a reduction The Military Committee, it
would be recollected, had reported a bill to estáb-
il h two military posts on the Colombia river—a
measure which he aporehend d, would be in dan-
ger of bringing as mto collision with England He
dsk*d the gentleman from OMo what would be the
ci-st of th setuo posts?
Mr PENDLETON was understood to answer,
J200 000 'or the presertyesr.
Mr ADAMS sa.d $200 000 might be consider-
ed a small sum, in these days of reirenchmsnt and
reform, bat he could not believe that th"se posts
couid be suetaiiK data less cost than §2 000 000 a
\ear. He cou'd no  aeree tiat the Committee on
Public Expenditures had nothing to do with rec-
ommending the reduction of the army He thought
that committee had an important duty to discharge,
m seeing that tha expenditures of our Government
were in ac ordance with its means He then pro-
ceerfed-t -pive his vi^ws upon the natare and ex-
tent of the redurtwrB~Trhic4f-4ieahnjisJit_¿hould be
made >n the armv                                        ———
He did not wish the second regiment of dragoons
to be changed into a reaiment of r ft<mea, as had
been propos-ed by some gentlemen in the coarse of
the debate- he was for dispensing wi h it altogether.
The 'a^ raising it con'emplated its being disband-
ed as sor n as the Florida warterminated,aod he con-
sidered the Gov-rnmpnt as pledged to that course.
Indeed, the Pres dent of the United States bad ths
po ¿per t < disban i that regiment In speaking of
the fortifications and m litary pos s, Mr A could
nof consent to mamtam a laige army for the mere
purpose of garrisoning them He comu not con-
ceivp it to be neccssa>-} For himselt, hp should
be very miKhincl ned to dismant'e tnem, raihc
than provide a p'rovnen' amy to garr son them.
Wuh resp c to the r^commtn a' ions of the Sec-
retary ot War h^hal tvo cbsorva'ions to make.
One -1 rv, that the Seeretarv t/>ade his report at a
t me when war was apparently impending over
u^. li mijht, ihTefore, have been justifiable in
him to recommend an inciease of the army at that
time, but Mr A did not believe that the Secretary
wou! I make «n-h a recommendation now. Re-
fern*>g to the report of the Command ng General,
Mr A professed the highest respect for that offi-
cer, and paid a ju t tribute to hi* men onous ser-
vio - in tee lite v ar with G eat Bmam, but he
cou'd not consont to be governed by his recom-
pjordatiois He possessed too much of whit his
pvsoeiai^ major ^ener^l commanding the feonfh-
<"-i nd ary dm<- on not inaptly termed a rm'i'ary
m n ^
Hp remembered a plan for the delete of the
c 111 ry -eoorted by the laKer, for whom he enter-
tatn-d the satre respect as he did for hts crpat asso-
ciate and competí or, and wtiose se-Tic^> in the last
war with Great Britain he as n.gh'} appreciated,—
be lemembered that that officer, d°i ig called on to
reporta pían for the deience ot the Wes'ern country,
felt it to be his duty to recommend a permanent
