586
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
system, to last to the end of the present century—
harecommended the cons'ruction and establishment
of eleven lortified posts between the mouth of the
Sabine and the Rjeky Mountains. Every one of
these posis was to be garrisoned by a force of two
thousand men, and an extensive line of railroads
was to be constructed, to connect the posts with each
oiher. That was one example of a, military mind.
Then came another case of a military mind An
officer whom he respected as much as the iwo he
had just referred to—the late Commanding General
of the army, [General Macomb]— on being seat to
terminate the war in Florida, either while there, or
on his return, recommended as indispensable an
army of 20,000 men 10 finish that war, giving it as
hi* deliberate opttaon that ihe war never would be
terminated till that was done If he could look up
the projects of bills that had been brought forward
during the last four years, íecommended by the
War Department and by the Military Committees
of this House, he could snow other instances in
which a large increase of the army was recom-
mended Why, at the last Congress, there was a
regular bill occupying Ihe attention of the Military
Committee, and which he very much feaied would
pass, providing for an increase of 1,500 men This
project was supported by a gentleman who possess-
ed as much of a military mind as any of those he
had named He alluded to the present Minister to
Mexico.   [Laughter ]
There had been numerous projects of that com-
plexion, fall of a military mmd,but he indulged ihe
hope that none of them would meet with any fa-
vor from Congress He also hoped lhat the recom-
mendation of the present Commanding General, to
add two regiments to the existing army, would not
have the slightest effect, either to raise these ad-
ditional regiments, or to retain the whole force
now in service Mr A , in conclusion, expressed
the opinion, ihat if the army had not been increased
in 1838—if ihe Government had relied on tem-
porary acts, calling out ihe militia of the adjoin-
ing States, it would have been .n the power ot the
Government, long before this, to have terminated
the Florida war, and that it would not have cost
one-tenth of the -«urn lhat it now did
After some remarks iiom Mr STANLY,
Mr. FILLMORE occupied the residue of the
time, with an explanation which was rendered
necessary by the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr Adams] k?d expressed ihe alarm he felt,
when he saw so large an estimate for the army as
a sum upward;, ot $11 000 000, but he (Mr F )
begged to state that that sum was not alone for the
army, but for fortifications, roads, suppresses In-
dian hostilities pen ions, &c , in fact, it included
every thing under the general chaige of the War
Department The army proper, only required an
appropriation of from $4 000,000 to $5 000,000,
he believed the precise sum wa5 $4,193,000.
*Ha desired to say a word or two respecting Ihe
appropriations for the ordnance, but 'he arrival of
the time fixed by the House for the termination of
the debate in commiitte cut off further remarks
The commitlee toen proceeded to vote on the
pending and proposed amendment.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON proposed to amend his
proviso, ofered as an a ^end -ent, by adding the
words "or other causes," alter ihe words "death, x-
piration of term ot seme*," a<- Ihe means by
which ihe army shoal J be ie uced His amend-
ment now made contemplated diseitioi s This
amendment was absented to
The amendment to the a-nend.aent was n^xt m
order. It was offered by Mi Roo eví-lt, as fol
low*, (by way of compromise, and with a view,
as he explained, of keeping the army at its present
actual iorcf,) as a substitute for that amendment •
Provul J Tim no pait of th s imount shall be applied to
the payment of °ny ofiireis or private  heieaft i to be appoint
ed or enli^tel beyon 1 the number now actuaity in the&eivioe
of the United State-.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for tellers, and
Messrs. Willis Green ard Lim í were appointed,
who took the vote, and reportel 69 in He affirma-
tive, and 102 in the negative
The amendment to the amendment having b"en
negatived, the question recuned on the amenim nt
«IgCjfr, Cave Johnson.
Mr. MOORE called for a division, so lhat a sep-
arate vote should be taken on each proviso.
Mr. MERIWETHER wished now to submit a
motion, of which he had heretofore given notice,
by way of amendment. It was in the following
terms:
"Provided, That the lecruiting service shall cease until the
1st of January, 1843, at which time the numbei of regiments
of infantry shall bo reduced to six and the number of campa
mes in each regiment of artillery and infantry, and the number
of privates, non commissioned officers, and musicians in each
company and the number of staff and line officers, shall sever
ally be reduced to the number fixed by the act entitled 'An act
to reduce and fix the military establishment of the United
States,' approved March 2,1821 And provided further, That
after the 1st Januaiy, 1813, there shall be paid to no officer con
nected with the army of the United States, any higher pay or
emoluments than were allowed and paid said officer at the time
of the approval of said act And provided, also, That the
President of the United States may, at his discretion, after said
time, convert the second regiment of dragoons into a regiment
of riflemen, and they shall íeceive their pay only as infantry
And in reducing the auny as herein contemplated, the seventh
and eighth regiments of infantiy shall be discharged, and the
companies of artillery to be discharged shall be those added to
the regiment by the act of the 7th July, 1838 "
Mr FILLMORE inquired if that amendment
was in order.
Mr. MERIWETHER, to relieve the commit-
tee from any embarrassment, withdrew his amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cave
Johnson s amendments separately, and they were
both agreed to,"the votes (taken by tellers) being
102 to 64 on the first proviso, and 91 to 70 on the
second. The amendment was therefore agreed to,
as follows-
"Provided That the recruiting service shall cease until the
numbei of non commissioned ofliceis add privates m the va
nous companies of the several arutlery and infantry regiments
shall be reduced by death txpiration of term of service or
other causes, and such discharges as the Piesident may fiom
time to time direct to the number fixed by the act entitled
'An act to reduce an I ñx the military establishment of the
U ited States, approved March 2 1821 And pionded fur
the? That no part of this appropuation shall be applied after
the 30th September next to the payment of the le^iment of
dragoons established and authorized by the act of ¿3d May.
18J6 "
Before, however, the latter proviso was agreed
to, the commitlee rejected an amendment offered
by Mr Meriwether, to strike out the words "30 h
Septemoer," and insert "1st January, 1843 "
Mr CAVE JOHNSON then offered an amend-
ment to the fol owing f ffect:
And provided further, That no money appropuated m this
bill oi heiedftertobeappiopriated shall be applied to ihe pay
mentof any larger sum of money to the officers of the geneial
staff, to wit the Adjutant General's depanment, the Inspector
General's de¡ aitment the Quartermaster s department, the
Subsistence department, the Purchasing department the
Medical depaitment, the Pay depanment the Corps of En
gineers tho Topographical depaumert the Ordnance de
paitment and tin military academy, than the sums now pail
to officers of the same gi ado in the infantry andar tilery ser
vice whether the same he foi then pay or emoluments for any
other sei vice
The amendment was agreed to by a majority of
91 to 62, ihe vote being taken by tellers.
The committee then passed on to the second item__
for the commutation of officers' subsistence, $527,-
264
Mr. McKAY offered to amend, by adding the
following proviso
Prooided, That hereafter no additional íation  shall be al
owed to the commanding officers of the =eveial posts
The pmeudment was agreed to by a majority of
87 to 65, taken by tellers.
The Hem for commutation of clothing of officers'
servants was reduced, on the motion of Mr F1LL-
MOfiE, by the direction of the Comrrutee of Ways
and Means, from $80,240 to $50,240
The item next in ordei was " Foi expenses of
recruiting, $30,709 36 "
Mi ADAMS moved, is some expense had Deen
incurred in tins service, to leave a sum lor that
purpose, and not strike oat ho whole, the commit-
tee having determined that all recruiting shou d
cpase He then-fore moved to strike out $30,709
36, ardin-ert$15 000
Tre amendment was agreed to
In the 52d line, the words ' expenditures neces-
sary to keep the two regiments of dragoons," it
became necessary to aller, to make ihe bill agree in
that respect with amendments unich had been
adopted. The word two was stricken out accord-
ingly.
The items were then passed without observation
to the 79 h line, which was " For the armament of
fortifications [including compensation of a special
agent to attend to the foundries employed tn ma-
king cannon,] $150,000 '
The words which we have enclosed within
brackets were stncken oat, on the motion of Mr.
GILMER.
The committee then proceeded to line 90, " For
arsenals, $120,000 "
Mr. DEBERRY moved to amend, by increasing
the sum to $150,000
The amendment was lost.
Mr. RODNEY then moved to add the following
proviso.
Provided, That no ordnance storekeeper shall receive for his
service any greater compensation than is allowed by the act of
the Bth April, 1832, and the duty of paymaster and ordnance
storekeeper shall be hereafter discharged by Ihe regimental
paymaster
He explained that the law of 1832 required the
appointment of sergeants of four years' standing in
the army, to whom five dolíais extra per month
was allowed, but tte present officers received $1,200
per annum, as would be seen by the Blue Book.
The amendtnement was agreed lo
The clause making appropnalions for ihe Flori-
da war being under consideration,
Mr HUNT proposed the following amendment
to the first section of the armj bill, viz:
"And that the sum of one hundied thousand dollars be ap
propnated for continuing the improvement of the navigation of
the Hudson river above and below Albany, to be expended as
heietofore, under the direction of the Secretary of War "
The CHAIR ruled the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. HUNT said he should not appeal from the
decision, but he hoped the Committee of Ways
and Means would )et report a bill embracing his
proposed amendment, or, if not so, a bill admitting
him in order to propose the appropriation, and give
his reasons m favor of it
Mr FILLMORE moved to reduce the appro-
priation from $950,000 to $500,000. carried without
a division.
Mr. GREEN of Kentucky offered an amend-
ment appropriating $15 000 for repairs of the two
snagboats on the Western waters.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
out of order.
Mr GREEiS appealed from the decision, but,
on taking the question, the committee sustained the
decision of the Chair
Mr GAMBLE offered an amendment providing
for the pay of certain Georgia militia, who served
in Florida in the years 1840 and 1841  rejected.
Mr LEVY offered Ihe following amendment
Atier the word "chiiges," in the 110th line, in-
sert "and for arrearages," and after the word
' dollar  " insert-
'Prooided That no arrearages for supplies of any descrip
Hon furnished the militia, not heretofore mustered into ihe ser
vice of the United States shall be paid for out of this appro
pnation And provided also, Tha no supplies shall be paid
for, r ot authorized by existing laws, oi by the regulations of the
War Department '
This amendment was rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE offered aa amendment, by
direction of the Committee of Ways and Means,
tj come n as a second section, making an appro-
priation of $5,000 for the pay of the value of the
horses of the Tennessee and other volunteers for
the Florida war, which were turned over to the
Government by the commanding < fficer, also re-
viving and extending the act of 1812 providing-
payment for horses lost in the service of the United
States.
Mr GREEN objected; and the CHAIR decided
the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. FILLMORE offered another amendment
from the same committee, appropriating $15,000
for anearages and for the preservation of publx
property in the several harbors.
The CHAIR said that the amendment was out
of orler
Mr COOPER of Georgia offered the following
amendment
' Beit enacted, That the army now in service shall be re
tlnced (men and officers) to a scale adequate to superintend and
ta.ee charge of the arsenals and military stores ol the Govern
ment And that, fiom and afer the fust day of Decembei
next, the army shall be disbanded letammg in seivice of the
oides in commission, such numbei as may be indispensable
for the purpose above specified and no m )re And that the
sims heieinippronnatedshall be applied accordingly,and the
lesidue shall be letuined to the Tieasmy
This amendment was rejected without a divi-
sion.
