with the Constitution, takes the matter up, and
makes or alters the regulations 0f the States as to
time, place, or manner, the power of the States is
superseded to that extent
Mr. T reiterated his former arguments in sup-
port of the power thus conferred by the Constitu-
tion on Congress to make or alter the regulations
of the States, contending that this covered the
whole ground, and justified, to the veiy letter, the
Clause in the bill now under discussion.
He took the regulation of the times, of the
places, and of the manner ot holding elections,
distinctly, with a view of showing that this regula-
tion, being for convenience left in the hands cf the
S ate Legislatures, under the condition as speeilea—
namely, that they shall make the necessary regula-
tions—the express power was equally declaratory,
that Congress may make or alter suih regulations;
and this, he contended, Congress had a pel ect
discretionary power of exercising in part, or u any
extent it might conceive necessaiy.
He then referred to the sensitiveness evinced by
his colleague, [Mr. Wright,] in the conclusion of
his remarks, m which the Senator had said, in al-
lusion to him, (Mr T ) that it would be well if he
had known less of the doctrines of the Hamtltons,
and more of the Livingstons and the Tompkmses
of his State
[A remark was made, that his colleague did not
say "known " On which Mr Tallmadgb ob-
served, "Well, what did the gtntleman say?' J
Mr WRIGHT observed, that what he did say
was, that if the gentleman had drunk less deeply of
the doctrines of Hamilton, and more deeply of the
doctrines of the Livingstons and Tumpkioses, he
would not have'assumed mat resistance to the ex-
ercise of this power by the Federal Government
would be a blot upon th« escutcheon of the State
of New York
Mr TALLMADGE replied, he contended that
he haa shown his democracy in his Sta e, upon
the occasion of the electoral law, when his col-
league advocated doctrines contrary to those of h>s
friend1-, but on his own judgm nt, and was over-
thrown.
Mr WEIGHT observed that, if the Senator
meant to say that he had advocated the measure,
it was not true
Mr TALLMADGE entered into some details
of the circumstances alluded to, accusing Mr
Whisht of having been in favor of the electoral
law, and afterwards voted against it Ha nar-
rated the occurrences of the day, as far as his
colleague was concerned in them
Mr WRIGHT remarked that much of what the
Senator had narrated was veiy t u , hat he could
not say so with regird to his inferences or deduc-
tions,—for instance, in his assrition that, bed re
the elect on he (Mr W ) was pledged to vote for
the law giving the election of electors for Piesident
and Vies President to the people. Th s was net
the fact. He was under no pledge of the kind It
had beea imputed to htm by his political opponent 
that he was, but the assertion was false then, and
it is false now
Mr TALLMADGE would ask his colleague
whether he was not actually, at the lime, in ta /or of
the law, or had so avowed mmself after he took bis
seat in the Senate?
Mr WRIGHT aaswered, No, sir, I was not
I did net.
Mr. TALLMADGB. If not after you took
your seat, before ü
Mr WRIGHT     No, sir   not a tab, sir.
Mr TALLMADGE. Well, I wul undertake to
show it
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well, sir do so if you
can.
Mr. WALKER considered the secid «-«ction 'f
the clause of the bill now i rder discussion noih
ing but a direction to the C Vt?rnnrs ot the S'ates,
in which the general ticket system prevails, to us
semble their L gislatures in extra session, to re-
peal their own ac s providing for me elec ion of
their Representatives in Congress
But in some of those S'ates  the old apportion-
ment gave them the same number ef Representa
Uves that this bul will give—whether under the ra-
tio chosen by the House, or that substituted by the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senate. Those Sates may not have any extra ses-
sion of their Legislatures befi-re the election of
Representatives, and if they elect the members of
Congress, it must be under the old ¡aw of
their Legi la'ures % jet this bill says the law
must be altered Would cot this present a new
and irrecon-ilable difficulty? In his own State, the
meeting of the Legislature is biennial, and the
people are oppose i to yearly sessions At their
last session they provided for the election of their
Representatives by the general-ticket system Be
fore they can be agtin convene 1, th  election mu t
take place, but this bill says the Governor must
convene the Legislature, to repeal the law It was
his conviction the Governor would not convene the
Legislature for tr-e purpose. If he do not will
that law be repealeo? Can an order from Con-
gress to alter a law have the efftet of altering n?
Is the law altered by a mere order to alter it? No.
it can only be altered by a Iw of Coiigres^, actu
ally districting; the States A mere mandate to al-
ter a law, does not alter the law, and the law be-
ing still m existence, tne State has every right to
elect it* Representatives under its existing iaw, and
Congress cannot refuse to recognise them
Mr CUTHBERT observed, that the people of
Gee rgia were to assemble on the first Monday in
October, to elect the Representative* of the State
This law is to aTect only those States m which the
ge-eral ticket sjstem prevails, to whom it must be
a most offt! s¡yL exercise of pot er, arid on whom
alone the expense of extra legislation falls It is
an offensive and haz irdous sttp He would pro
p&"* a saspen ion of this clause till ihe Slates have
had time to a stt-Mp in then regular v ay.
Mr LINN eoneuireo. with the Senator from
Georgia, who h->'1 anticipated all that he intended
to ay, and, for the purpose of testing whether
time would b  ?iven to the States, as soon as the
mi tion of the Senator from New York should be
disposed of, he would ofer an amendment, ex-
empting the Siate of Missouri from the operation
of the law unt 1 after the next meeting of her Legis-
late
Mr BERRIEN stated that die people of Georg a
had exercised the light of choosing their Repre-
sentatives by the general ticket sjstem since the
beginning of the Government It was a system
to which they gave the preference by unanimous
absent, and, therefore, he felt it to be his duty to
ade oca e their right to preserve that system as
long as they to"c"ive they can be best represented
by t.
But, in tie fomse of this di cussion, gen'lemen,
contending for the r ght of the Slates to decide,
tv emselves, upon what ystem th-y should hold
their elections pad send the r Representatives to
Congiess had taken grounds which were revol ing
to his judgment He could not doubt the power
wh ch the C institution conf1 on Congress It
seemed to him io be a powei w ítten plainly on the
f ice 01 the Constitution B jt he c >nceived it to be
< ive i rimprily to Ihe States, and nltenorly and
provisionally to Cmgre s
Reexamined h* positions ta' e"1 by the Sen x<it
fr< m Aiata-na [Mr Bagby] and t e Sona'or trom
Ne v Y rk, [\lr Wright,] conten Img tha the po-
s tm of thv ' sa'orfrom AlabaniTn ™s untenable,
n^iiely—'hat the on'' cons'i utional ¡ro 'e of efec-
tionwistha by tne general ticke sys th Tiie
qiul fration mide by <h-> Sena or from New York
dil noi vr ually plter the position Tits posi on
Mr R pr ceeleu at <-ome lenpth to controvert, at
the "s^c t n e d nj n" that th s w as the first time—
as °ome r'i tr'en Is imagined—that such a etoc
tr n h?d i tei brought for-v.ird Ht presented th*
foe' to ht. <• nsideration cf tne Senat ir fiom Ala
bsn""—hi e seojnd see in oe the first art cle of
t ¡e Consu tio p ovideo for th" el c io , of R°0">-
s-nt-it ves by t1 r ople , * 1th  third section lor
the < let ion ef fan ators by  i e L-gHature.
The beintor hid pre n e\ a very start! n  ar 1
M-enions s oh sin in n s rext ] os tior—that, al
thougo Consres had tne Sjrne l ght over t e man
ner rf electirg S rators rs Representatives it
could not direct th . L sisla lire of a State to pass
a law dislni anj; itself, se that one portion should
elect ore Senator, and the other portion another
Senator, and if it could not do tins, it could not
m
direct them to pa«s a law districting their State for
the election of Representatives.
But, startling a> this p oposition seemed at first
sight to be, its fallacy was apparent en close exam-
ination. The fact had only to be considered, that
the Legislature of a Stale is a political incorpora-
tion, having no integral fragments capable ef inde-
pendent action or separate existence, but, in the
popular body, there is a different principle—it is
that of individuality, existing in the natural body
of e^ch integral part, separately cabed upon to act.
The Senator's position may be an argument plaus-
ible m its aspect—startling from its novelty—and
embarrassing to minds no' accustomed to investi-
gation, but it was one wh ch dissolved before a
logtcil examination. It wa> like the argument
brought forwatd against muacles— hat it is con-
trary to experience that the order of nature can be
departed from to such an extent as is necessary to
admit of m'racles But it is not a' all contrary to
experience that testimony is deceptive and false;
therefore the inference is irresistible, that the testi-
mony of miracles, contrary to the order of nature,
must be false Miracle , however, did exist, so
the reasoning falls to the ground
The sophism consisted in judging of miracles,
which were things out of the ord«r of nature, by
the standard of experience, which had to be super-
seded before miracles could exist; and the very ex-
istí nee of v, hicn implied the absem e of experience.
Mr. B. applied hi  íllu nation m refutation of
vi hat he conceived to be the sophi ra in the posi-
tion relied upon by the Senate r fiom Alabama and
his friends
The poKtirs had b en treatel as if they were
coneurient in the State L"g slatures and the Fed-
eial Legislatire This was not certainly, his
view of the subject But, for the sane of argu-
ment, supposing tney were concurrent, he con-
tended t ¡at the power of ths State should yield to
the concurrent power of the Gen ral Government.
It was, however, argued that the Federal Govern-
ment cannot delegate its power to the Government
of the States la r"feriing to analogous cases, he
showed what had been the decision of the courts.
It «as, that because Congress, as it mignt do, did
not rentier -tha jari'd etion of its own courts para-
mount in all things over lUe-St^teer Jka.-4iower_of
tne State judiciary was not subject to the mandates
of the Federal judiciary in many cases, this was
evidence that the Federal Government only chooses
to exercue a portion of the power, which it might
hate exercised wholly, if so d ¡.posed.
The light, of the people to be represenfed de-
pends upon themsehes, and u those tney intrust
to make th'  reguh'ions necessary to enable them
to pnjoy this right, fail to make the regulations, they
will have to suffer the inconvenience of not being
represented, which is the only punishment that can
properly be snoken of Tr-e S nator from New
York inquires whether the peop e are to be de-
prived of the nght.by the rmlfea ? nee of their Legis-
lauues? The answer is, that H is in c msequence
of the neg> ct ot th=ir own are its, and to them they
~nv t 'cok, anu Hy must m?ke theia accountable.
D) losed bs h  ws to pie erve to the S dies the
ngh of eyercisin-* th s bo er, he could not recog-
nise the doctrine tin1 th re is no autnortty to exer-
cis° the power in tne Constitution What he con-
tended was, that the Congressional power was not
a primary one, but an ulterior and provisioaary
one His proposition was, that it was only with
th s undetstaiuing the Co isti ut on was ratified by
the States, ant, howevtr it i a> exist oa th  face
of the Con t ut on asa literal power, ^ethe main-
tained that gojj fait1!—ravre i tiportam to the Gov-
ernment man tv e e\ reí e of tHe power—should
in pel Con^r  s to lefra n froai the exercise of the
1 teral nowcr
He mfeirel the intention tnat it "'as not tobe
exernsed, n->t alone from coniemp igneous evi-
denc-, but from tne verv words of the instrument
itself    The fi'st phra     ot the section cor firms
the primary po7e' in me Sta es, the u tenoi and
conduu nal  power  is given  to   Coi  ress     Tnat
this was the view taken of it by tne triniTs ef the
I Consitution,   was   deductble  from  coiuempora-
¡ n ous evideac of an ahundant char .ctei      He
1   quoted the opinions of Mr. Madi o«   and Mr
