t>m
in his remarks on this bill a few days ago, said the
Democratic party, with which he was allied, wouU
Dot susiam a National Bank, because they were of
opinion that the Constitution gave Congress no
authority to charter such an institution. He
(Mr. R.) now asked that gentleman to go a
srep further, and apply the Constitution to the
West Point academy. He found nothing in the
Constitution to authorize such an institution.
This was a country m which every individual was
expected to depend on his own talents and his own
discretion, and they each construed the Constitu-
tion according to the dictates of their own con-
sciences. He revered the names ot Washington,
and ot Jefferson, and of Jackson; but be venera-
ted his own opinion of the Constitución more.
Washington, it was true, had recommended a mil-
itary academy, but Washington had also (besides
signing the charter of a United States Bank) sub-
mitted to the wisdom of Congress a National Uni-
versity. He believed that Washington was wrong
m his recommendation of a National University.
Was there any individual in this community will-
ing at this lime to establish a National University
in this country? The reason given was, that it
would qualify gentlemen for hi^h stations, by edu-
cating lhem at the public expense; and for «ome
such reason the West Pom' academy was spoken
into existence, and it was made to rest on the same
foundation. A strict constructionist of Virginia
had deemed it unconstitutional to be buried in the
congressional buryug ground at the public ex-
pense; whereas the strict constructionists of that
State were willing that the West Point academy
shi/uld live and flouush, wuh no authority in the
Constitution for its establishment. He believed
the more ¡hose gentlemen investigated the Consti-
tution, the le„s friendly they would be to some
things established under it.
Amongst oilier abuse  of the West Point acade-
my, he called the at ention of ihc Hou^e to the fa^t
¡hat forty cadels graduated every year, not ha f of
whom entered, or were lequired tor, the army.
Was it right, then, to educate eighteen 01 twenty
gentlemen at the public expense, when they were
not required ¡or the public service 1 He proceeded
to point out other objectiot able features m ihat in
ititunon. and, ¡n -u -p >.i of bis po,1110ns, re.id an
exfact ¡rom a publication by Mr Leggett, editor
of the Plain Dealer and ihe Evening Post.
Mr. C J. INGERSOLLwas understood to ask
the gentleman ■-■orne ques'ion in lelanon to the fact
that three bi.j'ily respectable b.shors hid been euii
cated at West Point
Mr. SPRIGG also wished ihe gentleman to in-
form the Hou«e h m he intended tj vote, that hu
object migut be undeistcoo
Mr REYNOLDS rcphed that h  did not íntenl
to vote for the bill it tbe West Point ata emy was
retained m 1'. And in reference to the inquiry or
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, be said he oe-
lieved ihc academy was perverted irom Us original
intention, when it educa ed bishops instead of sol
dier . As well might this Government establish a
church,, or cicatea religion lie objected to the
West i'oint academy, also, that it was a monopoly,
and co'ifii ed 0 *be on* of g-ntlemtn, wi'hout ref-
erence to talent When Ih t institution was es
tabhsbed, piobably th c>'n', needed li'ciature
more than it dce„ roí, an' he no-r though, it
it< nld be bptici to i ait aud s e whit a m c uas,
before he was pu> into the aim] for se believed
nobody would li e to tru^t the fateof tins pp'mn to
the cde s at '«Vest Pc int. Ke considered >h ui
1 ke o'feri'id vilnals, «orne being meinoi on*- ard
sotne cher ■/i-e—but he truMed the e would be such
an a"iendmen* a-, n-ouid make tía* institution ac-
ceptab e to the p^fa'ie
Mr. HOLMES rcphed *o Ih  gert'eman fion
lilipoii, am, .1 anp'H^hle to nis arguments, he
quoied from Gu ive<\ Tra/eis, o «how th t m>*
Lilliputians eoi ii rot c ouce ve t! at th<-re were oirifi
natiois or o!h r nifies s tint tio e of ¡ho e little
men. Peradven'ure there w re large cities and
commercial d slricis ¡a tb s Union bin the:, came
not within the scope cf the legislation of the gen
tieaiaa from Illinois, because, forsoub, they vere
TOwratic; but he beggU to rem.nd that gentle-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man that there were other interests than those of
that gentleman and his constituents.
There were two amendments betore the House—
one of wheh was offered by the gent emán fiota
Pennsvlvan a, who had made some reflections < a
the pivot pitaney wi h wu<ch «hey proceeded on
such important subjects. They saw yesterday some
twenty amendments offered and acted upon, with
out explanation or observation, going t  modify, if
not to destroy, an essential element oí ourprotection,
and had it not been for the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Sprigq] to postpone the bill,
that the amendments might be printed, they would
have rushed into the vortex, under the operation of
"the gag system." But a night's reflection had
taught them to pause; and the discussion which had
ensued nau «hown them some of the difficulties
which this subject involved. The question, as it
was submitted by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, was one of vital importance. He deemed
it very important that a skeleton army should be
maintained, with officers experienced and disci-
plined; for it would be calamitous, in an emergency,
to find ihat the staff was inefficient to the discharge
of its duties in the discip wing of recruits. He,
therefore, begged genilemen to pause. The army
and the navy were gie&t subjects of expenditure,
but they were the great subjects of protection.
He then again took up the argument of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, and he déme i that there was
any analogy between a United States Bank and
the West Point academy. Tbe West Point acad-
emy was nothing more than a school of organiza-
tion—a school of instruction for the army. The
power of raising and disciplining an army he
deemed to be constitutional. He knew not whether
a National University lor the education and tiam-
mg iir> of statesmen would be deemed constitu-
tional, according to the expansive construction ot
th> gentleman from Illinois, but, in the Government
of this ciantry, enlightened statesmen were very
much wanted, and it would be advantageous if
there was some institution to raise them up.
If there were a greater number ot graduates at
West Po nt than were requned (or the armv, were
not me ..dvantages 10 the country felt in the or-
ganization of a militia ard volunteer companies,
wh ch th^e graduates aided essentially by the
lights which they got fiom the glorious institution
at West Pom ?
But whot was the mam objection of the gentle-
man t > the academy at West Point? It gave young
men ¿n education w.ihout expense, and, if what
the gentleman had said  a true, this education
was only offeied to the son* of the nobility or aris-
tocracy in this country. Such was not the fact.
How many men were there at this time engaged in
coiisaucting railroads, and cartying on great civil
work*, who n"ver could have obtained a competent
education but at West Point? Again: ihe gentle-
man had said that the academy was of no u^e, be-
cause it bred up officers before it was known
whether tney would be fit for the servce. The
gentleman objected to training up men to th" pro-
fession, for fearsome might not prove competent to
discharge us dune  Really, to tns mind, this
^eemed to be about as much assaying that, before a
child should be sent to school, he snould be ahowed
to grow up to manhood, in order that it might be
Eeea to whrt profession he w«t,s adapted.
¡a --pile ot the sreers against the arisiocrac/ aid
tht fe itiuty of thi  institution, he i'u<a„i ed th*re
wo Jul V found suffiutnt coinpteben u n 1*1 uif 
cou ury 10 know ¡h=t, notwi 'istan ling ite, pxistenc,
wc •-hoi'M b^ in no danger fi om dstandm" army, t..<it
our dependence woo.11 ever have 0 be upon the
rmli 1a f ihe couutr>, aüd ihat it was necessaiy to
have a school which w'jid diffuse throughout 1 e
c >umry the military sc enc<>, so thai a any mordent
it nvhl be broueh' nt practical operation T e
ar°"iri ent of in  ge t'emu', that this acad tv
would mime priests, and iwn sh them with in&
miliary ait, <o that t"ey could cowman' tie
rhareh mi uani to the imm nent da  er 0/ tr-e p o
pie, he thought was a mere spei ire. Ee c aid
not himself apprehend any danger, eren tnough
Ihe people, wb n calle ! out on the occav <-<n of a
sudden invasion by the Indians were headel by a
priest, as m the time of the Crusades
.....                      " !■'- -" 
He hoped, in conclusic n, that the House would
not concur with the gentleman in his opinion of
the inefficiency of the academy; but would appro-
priate such a sum of mon y as ould adequately
delend the nat on, so that the whole people might
lepóse m safety under the shadow of our great
country.
Mr. BAENARD, after calling for the reading
of the instructions, moved to strike oat all after
the word "instructions," and insert:
"To report what modifications, if any, should be made in the
exislm  organization of the army, and in case, m their opinion,
it shouTd be reduced, toieporta plan, also, an amendment to
the bill, so that the appiopnations contained in it shall be in
• conformity to such reoiganization."
He was awcr<3 of the importance cf making
«peedy appropriations for the support of tbe army.
It was now full time that it had been done; and all
Knew that, but for ihe efforts by means of provisoes
to t*ie bill-—'he objeet of which was to procure a
reorganization of the aimy—.the appropriation
would have long since been made. The House,
however, seemed to have adopted its course, and
the votes taken yesterday in Committee of the
Whole clearly indicated its disposition to reduce
the appropriations If that was the 'olemn deter-
mination of the House, he submitted whether it
would not be more wise to make the reductions
and appropriations according to some well-devised
system of reorganization. On such a condition
only would he consent *o recommit the bill If the
House was determined not to make appropriations
for the existing army, in the name of common
sense, of justice, of law, and the Constitution, let it
be reduced according to some proper system. What
was. proposed in these provisoes? He would call
the atle on of the House to one or two, in order
to discover what would be the effect of a proviso
to an appropriation. Tbe first was, that the re-
cruiting service should cease until the number of
non cotrmissioned officers and privates was re-
duced to the standard of 1821. Was not that the
object? Look at the effect and operation of the
proviso. The army would be reduced to the or-
ganizaron------
Here Mr. McKAY said the gentleman was mis-
taken in the effect of the proviso. It would not be
to redure the army to the number in 1821. It
would leave undisturbed the regiment of infantry
and one regiment of dragoons, raised in 1838. It
would leave the army much larger than it was in
1821—about 8,000 men.
Mr. BARNARD understood the object of the
gentleman from North Carolina; but that gentle-
man was mistaken in the effect, and he thousht ha
could show him that he was before he took his
seat The recruiting service was to cease, accord-
ing to ¡he proviso The who'e of it would cease
until certain things were accomplished. What
things? Until the number of privates, &c , should
be leduced to the standard of 1821 Was there
any exception in relation to the regiments added m
1838? No, and the necessary effect of the proviso,
when in full operation, would be to leave four com-
panies of artillery standing without men, and the
officers of one entire regiment also without men.
Recruiting was to be stopped unal the companies!
arrived at the standard of 1821 Taking, ¡hen, the
proviso as it stood, he ceclated that ihe necessary
operation and effect of it was to leave the officers
of four companies of artillery without men, and
one tegiment of infantry These were not pro-
posed to be reduced by diminishing the number of
men m the companies by striking off sixteen men
from each, but by cepsmg the recruiting service.
By the law of 1832, the.e were attached to the ord-
nance department 250 men, with a sergeant for
eacn score Ihe operation of the proviso would
be, 10 reduce all of these before ihe recruiting ser-
vice e md be mewed. He was not much Gf a
n Uiary ma", and had but little military mind; hd
w&o mn, th refore, aware of what corps these men
belonged to.
Mi. McKAY said they were attached to ihe ord-
n? uce e.tdbiisbm >nt, and were separate and distinct
from tbe ar íllerv and m'antry.
Mr. BARNARD apprehen led they would all be
reduced by ihe proviso to wie standard of 1831.
But, in addition to tbe«e effect, which he bad stated,
theie were others.  Who could tell in what manner
