CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
____________________________„        ___________,_________
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
SATURDAY, JUNE 11,  1842.
Volume 11 ••••No. 38.
Continued from JVo. 37
the reduction would be made, and bow long it
would be befoie it was fully attained? Did the
power exist with, toe Executive to transfer men
from company to company? Was there any pow-
er by which the deficiency of one company could
be supplied from another? He knew of none; and
if such was the fact, (as h  aoprehended it was,)
there would be many ofhcers witaoat msn to com-
mand.
He would not dwell further on this part of the
subject, because thers was another portion waieh
he took, and which he would press upon the serious
consideration ef the House. It was piopo-ed by
this proviso to enact a law. Do you enact a
law? No. He averred not. You propose to
repeal an existing law by a proviso He dented
the power of the House to repeal a law by means
of a proviso to an appropriation bill. It might,
by adding a condition to the application of an
appropriation, suspend the operation of a law.
Such would be the physical power of Congress;
but a mere suspension of the law would be the
only legal eff«ct of sach a proviso or condition.
The appropriation bid read "Be it enacted, &c,
that the following sums be, and t! e same are
hereby appropriated, piowdei" so and so. The
effect of the proviso would be to make the appro-
priation conditiona . The House mi¿;ht mane an
appropriation on cond tien, or it might refuse to
appropriate at all, it had tae phys cal power to
refuse. But would it be creditable legislation to
do so? Any proviso, too, which m ght be attached,
fell with the annual bill, and he ventured to assert
that no court in the United States would decide to
the contrary. Gentlemen would perceive that he
here touched on the question whether the House
hada right to withhold appropriations to carry out
existing laws? He denied the right of the House
to'So any such thing, and contended that the exist-
ing laws of the land were as binding upon this
House as they were upon inJividuals If they
were not binding upon a number of Representa-
tives, why on the people? Could gentlemen name
an occasion for the exercise, after it was granted,
of this extraordinary power to refuse appropriations
to carry into effect existing laws? He (Mr B )
held that ths proviso or condition would expire
with the bilí, and ttiat evety officr and soldier not
provided for in thi, bill, u he continued in service,
would be entitled to receive r p« nereafter.
The next proviso was >n. rpiation to the 2d re-
giment of dragoon- And \ hat did it amount to?
That no part oí ihis appropriation should be applied
towards the r pay a ad subsistence. Bat ihe 2d
regiment of di?goons existed bf law; and this pio-
viso would not affect them after the operation of
this bill was p&st It was true, as was. remarked
by the gen leuian from Massachusetts, [Mr
Adams,] ttm the P,esident had the power to di -
pease with the services of this rs?imciit at any
time, and he hoped the power would be exercised,
in case thi. proviso should be inserted in the
bill.
He referred to th  companion whi-h gentlpmen
had made between the power ol the Hoisc to re-
fuse appropriation , and ih.t of the House ol
Commons to refuse supplie* to tae King, end con-
tended that fhere a? no analogy between tne two
cases fa Eiglani, th  conoi tution re<ognio«d
this power as one to b  exercised bf the Cjmmons
m C'ses oi eme'genty, and wh-re the King W8o
disposed to carry on aneipeisive %ar. But were
this Housa to undertake ^ch a thing, it would be
assuming to itseii ihe pew r of dispens ns with the
laws of the land, v r.iv-h, by the Constitution, be-
longed to the President, tie Senate, and the House
of Representatives join > v.
He exprsssed hi  d<-ep regret that, on this occa-
sion, he could not vote wuh the venerable gentle-
man who sat near hiTi, [Mr Adams,] whose lead
h« was generally proud to follow. But the argu-
ments of that gentleman in favor of a reduction 0f
the army by means d a proviso to the biM, had
faMed to convince him. lie objected to the mode
in which it was •■ought to reduce the army, and
thought the House had not sufficient information
at this ume to enable it to act with wisdom. He
hoped the appiopnations would be carried as re-
ported from thi. Committee of Wavs and Means,
and then look to the intelligent Comnvttee on
Military Affairs for the proper reductions and re-
forms.
Mr. ANDREWS inqu red whether the amend-
ment submitted by the gentleman from New York
[Mr Barsabd] was morder.
The SPE 4K.ER deeded it was not.
Ait«r some conversaron between Messrs. FIL-
MORB and BARNARD,
Mr W COST JOHNSON asked the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. C J Ingersoll] to accept
a modification ot his amendment, whic"i he had
prepared, and which would get bis vote. It was,
that tbe bill te rcfened to ihe Committee on Mili-
tary Affaiis, v-vh instructions to examine and re-
port a bill making such chaDges in the present sys-
tem, and intioducing such a reorganization of the
army, as they might deem wise and consistent with
a due regard to economy and efficiency.
Mr C J ¡NGERSOLL signified rus accep anee
of ths mo lifieation of his own pre ou>i ion
Mr. F LLMOR-E obta n< d the fl > i, and aid he
was net ' ppospd to a reducán of the an i , but
c ¡flcu'n d in the opinions expressed by the ¿entle-
min from N w Ynrk [\lr. Barnard] that it was
improper t > reduco it by aa appropuauoii bill He
thought gen 'emei must be satisfied that many oi
the votes—taken amid the confusion of tne House—
wore given without due deliceiauon Top reason
this bill was pressed forward at this time, before
the revenue bill, was the exhausted condition of the
department, and that our starving army might be
relieved He \\?1 this day been informed by an
officer of h gh chancier tb-it the GUartermas'er's
department was now indebted #200,000 for ad-
vances made.
Mr. C J INGERSOLL inquired whether—if
the appropnation bill passed, according to the
wishes of the rentlem?n—there would beany mo-
ney in ihe Tcpiiiiv ¡o pay th" army''
Mr FILLMORE said he understood th*re was,
buf, at a levin s, whether  th-re w?s m >ney in the
Tr<>AMiiv it nil, tne   tlou e  w tili  hdve  done it
d.nj bj p } ing h  b II.
Mr. \íURi '.VEFHÉR sm I the Hou^e was ready
to pass th bill a once. [A. voice That is only
your o n opinion ]
Mr FILLMORIi rnamfeiietl his willingness, if
it ^hoald be the ¡ ieaiU'eof the Hou=e, to forego de
ba'e, at d} íeld the flo->r to any gentleman who would
move the previou-, q"i stion
Mr. YORKE movtd t ,ie previous question.
Mr GAYiBLE asked whether the amendments
offered in Comm ttee of lb... Who'e, and nexd'ive<!,
comd be iffered to the Hou e
The SPEAKER s-i( no
Mr. W. C JO 1NSON a'ked it ihe effect of
su-> ailing l hi m vi> s quotum would nut b> to
tut ( if the ,nst c'lins an I bm g the committee to
i direct vo •• o,i ,¡ o <uneud  eutc of the Committer,
o    ruV/hol 
Tne SPEAKER rr plied m ihe affirmative
Theqi Hit-i was tVn ul>en by MUrs, (Messr*.
C J, h'sso-  >„ Mc!í"enna  )ani resulted—yeas
67, na s 77
^ ) tne pie/ i   s a ^'im was sustained.
O i n-VniK- ^ ,ii un qoction Mr. ANDREWS
o' Kea utU   ca'l df r the >cfs and nays, bat the
c^'l jvs   r    si. tjiiied by one-fifth of ihosp ,irtsent
Tie ti   'lijucs^on ,as thsn o.derea without a
div   m
Mr G^WCfBI a ked for i division of the
cmestion, <i, as K) tute m the first pioviso of the
8 , tnlm i , as follows wi ch w„s agreed to •
Pumded Tan the recruilin" «eivice e'ia'1 cease until Uv-
number ot aon gorami 8ioned offioeia aad pmatesm the vari-
ous companies of the several artillery and infantry rejunta"1*
shall be íeduced by death, expiration of term of service-, oc
other ciuses, and such discharges as the President inay, frohi
time to time, tfirect, to the numbei fixed by the act entitled "Aix
act to reduce and fix the military peace establishment of ttl 
United States, approved March 2d, 1821"
On taking this question, the vote was yeas 113 
nays 84, as follows.
YE \o—Messrs Adams, Atnngton, Atherton, Aycrigg, Beo-
son, Bidlack, Black, UoardriMn, Boyd, Briggs, Aaron V. BrowH^
Challes Blown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke, Patrick 0 Caldwell,
Calhoun, John Campbell, Wai B Campbell, Thomas J 
Campbell, Caruthers Carv Casey Chapman Clinton, Colquitt^
Mark A Cooper Towen, Daniel, G Davis, R D Davis, De«
berry, Doan, Do g, Lastman, Egbert, John G Floyd, C A 
Floyd, i ornanco, A Lawi, nee Foster, Gamble, Gerry, GtddmgSg
Gilnri Goggin, Pati it k G Goode, Wm 0 Goode, Graham 
Gustine Gwin, Hall, Harris, John Hastings, Hays, Holmefig
Ifouck, Houston, Hubaid, Hunlei, Jack, Cave Johnson, John.
W Jones, Keim, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Abraham McCIellan^
Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mathews, Mattocks, May-
nard.MedilljMeiiwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Newhard 
Patndgo, Payne, Picaens, Plumer, Pope, Reed, Kednicr,
Rencher, Reynold , Rheti, Rogers, W Russell, J M Rus^eM,
Saunders, Shaw, bhep ierd, ¡Shields, Slade, Snyder, Sprigg 
Steenrod, Stratton, J T Stuart, Sumter, Sweney, John B-
Thomp«on, Turnev, ITiderwood, Van Buren, Warren, Watter-
son, Weller, Westbrook, Christopher H. Williams, and August
tus voung—113
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Baker, Bar-
nard, Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Botts, Bowne, Brewster,
Biockway, Brom,on, Burnell, Wm Butler, Chittenden, Johr 
C ( laik,  taley N Claike, Clifford, James Cooper, Cianston,
Piavens, (103 I ubhinc Dawson, Dean, loha C Edwards,,
Everett, Terns, Ft-ssenden Fillmore, T F Foster, Granger,
Habersham HiNted, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J In-
Sertoli JR In£(er&olI, Jdmes Irvio, Wm W lrwm, James,
VWlliam Co t 1 nrson, Isaac D Jones, John P Kennedy,
King Lowell, MrKennan Alfied Marshall, Samson Mason,-
Maxwell Miller, Morris, Monow, Oliver, Osborne, Pendleton,
Powell Ramoay, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Ran-
dolph, Ridgway, Rigijs Rodney, Roosevelt, Saltonstall, Tru-
man Smith, S anly,Stokely, Tahaferio, Tillmghast, Toland,
Tomlinson, Iiumbull, Van Rensselaer, Ward, Washington,
Joseph L White Thos W Williams, Jos, h Williams 
Wise, Yorlte, and John Young—81
On motion by Mr. GRANGER, the remaining
portion of the amendment was divided so as to
take the question on the second proviso, as fol-
lows:
And provtded,furlher, That no pari of this apppopnauori
shall be applied, after the thntieth day of September next, to,
the payment of the regiment of diagoons established and au-
thorized by the actof 20th May, 1836.
Mr. MOORE ca'led for the yeas and nays on
this question; which, being ordered, resulted in yeas
97, nays 100, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Arnold, Amngton, Atherton, Ay-
ci i£g, Beeson, Black, Boardman, Boyd, Brockway, Aaron V.
Blown, Burke, William Butlei, PatnckC Caldwell, Calhoun,
John Campbell, William B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell,
Carulheib, Cary, Clsey, Cbapman, Mark A Cooper, Cowen,
Daniel Dean r>b°rry, Doi", 1 abtman, Egbert, John G Floyd,
Challen A rioyd romance A Liwience Foster, Gerry, Gog-
gin, William O Goo le, Giah-im, Green, Gustlne, Gwin, Hall,
ííouík Houston, Hulard, Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson, John
W Jones, Keim Lewi«, Linn, Abraham McClellan, McKay,
Mathews, Mattocks, Maynard Menwethei, Mitchell, Osborne,
Owsley, Patndge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Read,
Reding Rencher, Revnolds Rhett, Rogéis, William Russell,
James M Russell, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Slade,
bnyder, Spngg, Stanly, Steenrod, Stratton, John T Stuart,
Summers, sweney, lolin B 1 hompson, Turney, Underwood,
Warien, Washington, Watterson, Weller, Westbiook, C. H.
Wilhamb and Augustus Youni?—17
I\ AYS—Messrs Allen Landaff W Andrews, Barnard, Bar-
ton Bidlack, Birdseye, BKir, Botts Bowne, Brewster, Bnggs,
Bronson Charles Blown, Jeremiah Brown, Childs, Chittenden,
fetaley N Clarice, ( hflorii, Clinton, Cranston, Cravens, Cro s,
Cushmg, Richard D Davis Dawson, Doan, Everett, Ferris,
revwnden Tillmore Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Gilmer, P.
G Goo e Granger, Habersham Halsted, Harris, Hays,
Holmes, Howard, Hudson Hunt, Charles J Ingersoll, Joseph
R infers ill, Jimes irvin, William W Irwm, James, William,
CostJihnson IsatcD Jones, John P Kennedy, King, Lane,
I lttlenel 1, Lowell Robert McClellan, McKennan, McKeon,
Alfied Marshall éamooii Mason, Mathiot Maxwell, Medill,
Miller Mooie Morgan, Moni^, Morrow, Newhard Oliver,
Pendleton Pwtll Ramsey, Beniamin Randall, Alexander
Ran 1 ill Randolph Ridgway, Ri  i Rodney Saltonstall,
Trim -*ruth Stokely, oumter, Taliaferro, Tillmghast, To-
la 1 ronlins 1 Iiumbull, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer,
V\ u' Clwn I D White ToaephL White, Thomis W Wit-
In Jo eph I Williams, Wise, Yorke, and John Young
—100
Toe oaos'ion then came up on the third division
of th  firs eioerdment, as'ollows-
indp,evidcd alio That no money approp' ated in this bill,
nrhel   iftel-I piopnateu anal  be applied toll epivmcnt of any
irVpis im ofmjney to the (fftcirs attached ,.0 the general staff,
¡o ml tho0e in the Adiutmt General's Depaltment the In-
si£tor Cencials D Paiunent the Quaueimnsiei General's
Dmartment the Subswenre Depaltment the Purchaain  De
na, tment, the Medical Dep .rtment the Pay Department the
in 03 of Cngmeeis, the ropographinl ui gineer  the Old
nince Depanment, ardthc Mihtaiy Acalemy than the siiim
nowt paid to the oíñeers of the same grade 11 the inlant> and ai-
