CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sft$
the Treasury to examine the accounts, and report
the result oí the investigation to the next session of
Congress.
Mr. SEVIER faid his friend from Alabama
[Mr. King] asks Congress to do wiih this claim, at
this session, what has been done heretofore. The
subject was referred to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for investigation. The claim was investigated.
A report of the investigation was made to Congreis
in 1838, and that report formed the basis of this
bill. Mr. S. said this bill was laid on the table at
his sugge6tion. His objection to its passage, when
it was last up, was, that he wanted to see the con-
tract upon which the claim was founded.
Ths contract was here read. It was a contract by
Messrs Dean and others with the secret committee
of the continental Congress. The committee placed
in the hands of Messrs. Dean and others, by au-
thority of Congress, $200,000 continental money, to
be laid out in the purchase of American produce;
which was to be shipped to Europe by them, and
to be laid out in the purchase of certain merchan-
dise for the use of the American army; for which
services Congress were to pay five per cent, for all
purchases, &c.
Mr. CLAYTON explained the grounds on
which the claim rested, and showed that it bad
been investigated by the accountitsg officer. He
was opposed to its being referfed to the depart-
ment again, for the mere purpose of investigation.
If the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Alabama was rejected, he intended to propose an
amendment, to the effect, that in the revision of
the claim by the accounting officers, no further
allowance should bs made than was reported fa-
vorably on by the department heretofore; and that,
should any error be found in the items hereto-
fore allowed, such items should b^ disallowed.
This, he thought, would sufficiently guard the in-
terests of the Government. But if the matter was
referred again to the department for investigation,
ana the same result was reported to Congress,
some avtute Senator, who was opposed to all claims,
would rise in his place, and again wish the claim to
take the same course: He hoped the amendment
would not, therefore, prevail.
Mr. KING said, if the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] alluded to him as one who opposed
all claims, he was entirely mistaken. If that Sen-
ator, in bis allusions, attributed to him any dispo-
sition to prevent the payment of just claims, he
was mistaken totally. He (Mr. K.) felt that it
was the duty of every Senator to scrutinize all
claims, and particularly where there was the least
doubt of the justness of them. All Senatois had
some experience as to the manner in which claims
were got up. Thay have found that claims withoui
a shadow of foundation have pa-wed through, with
all their vigilance. For himself, whilst he would,
without a moment's hesitation, vote for any claim
which he thought just, right, and proper, he would
not shrink from his duty to the country to resist
all claims on which there is any doubt of their cor-
reclnesa.
Mr. K. maintained that the Secietary of the
Treasury had never investigated this claim. It
was investigated by one of his clerks. What he
wished was, that the head of the department, him-
self, should examine it. To the advócales of the
bill he would say, that if they wou!d consent to put
a clause in the bill, to the effee.". that the claim
should be settled according to the con'ract, (allow-
ing 5 per cent, on the disbursements, and 5 per
cent, on the sales of the produce—which nould
make 10 per cent, for all transactions under the
contract,) h.3 would vo'e for the bill. It was his
purpose that it should go to the Secretary, for him
to examine whether the c n¡ract had been complied
with, and to report to Co.igiess the result of his
examination.
Mr. SMITH opposed any reference of the claim
to the department, for the mere purpise of exam-
ination. He did not b"''eve any new light wcu'd
be thrown upon thec'atm by another investigation,
or that the result of the former examination would
be altered by it. He went mto a history of it,
maintaining that no claim could be more just.
Mr. CLAYTON said the Senator from Alabama
proposed that the claim should be referred to the
department, to be adjusted according to the con-
tract. Mr. C. said he had as little interest in the
success of this claim as the Senator from Alabama;
but it would be doing injustice to the c'aimants to
- make ne clai-.ii one of contract alone. If the
Senator would examine the case more fully, it
wonjd be obvious to him that the contract covers
but a small psrt of the claim. Mr. C. entered into
a history of it, and showed that the largest part of
the claim was feun-Sed on purchases; made by
Dean, as a political and commercial agent, of
arms and munitions of war for 25,000 troops, by
direction of the Government. Therefore it would
be unjust to confine the claim to the contract, when
it was evident that he had complied with the order
for purchases, as commercial agent.
Mr. KING was opposed to giving the same per
cent, on purchases for millions as he would for
small purchases. For small purchases, five per
cent, would be an equitable allowance; but for pur-
chases of millions, or more, it would be too great.
He would be in favor of a reasonable compensa-
tioa for the purchases made, independent of those
under the contract; looking, at the same time, te
the amount paid Mr. Dean as commercial agent,
and also under the contract.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Kino, and disagreed to by the following
vote: yeas 17, nays 24.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Calhoun, Crafts,
Culhbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, King, McRoberts, Man-
gum, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, William1!, and Young—17.
NAYS—Messrs, Archer, Barrow, Bates. Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Evans, Huntington, Kerr, Linn,
Miller, Phelps, Porter, ¡Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Connecti-
cut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Stuigeon, Taltmadge, While,
and Woodbridge—'¿4
Mr. CLAYTON then proposed his amendment,
restricting the amount to be allowed to the sum as-
certained to be due ($57,000) by the accounting
officers in 1838, and providing that if, on the re-in-
vestigation, any errors should be found in the items
allowed, those items should be disallowed.
After some further remarks by Messrs. CAL-
HOUN and SEVIER in opposition to, and Messrs.
CLAYTON and PHELPS in favor of, the bill-
On motion of Mr. WALKER, it was laid on the
table, for the purpose of proceeding to the special
orders.
THE ARMY BILL.
The bill making appropriation for the support of
the army for the year 1842,  was  taken  up  on a
question of reference.             -,
Mr. EVANS said it was usXial for th"? army ap-
propriation bill to be referred to the Committee on
Finance; but, on looking over this bill, he found it
was something very different from #hat was usu-
ally called the army appropriation bill. It was
much mors a bill for the reorganization of the
army. If it was in order, he would move to refer
so much of it as makes appropriation for the sup-
port of the army to the Committee on Finance;
and so much as relates to Us reorganization to the
Committee on Militaiy Affairs.
Mr. KING said the motion was not in order. A
proposition to refer portions of the same bill to two
distinct committees was one of an extraordinary
character. He thought that, inasmuch as the bill
related to the reorganization of the army, it should
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EVANS admitted that his motion was an
ex'racrdinary one; but it would be recollected by
the Senator from Alabama that Ihe bi'i was an ex
traordinary one. It purported to te a bill to make
appropriations for the support of the army, and
thereby to carry out ¡he provisions of existing law.--;
but was, in f.;ct. a bill 'o reorganize, remodel, and
reduce the army. Seen a thirg never occurred
before, since the forma'ion. of the Government.
The practice of atteairing to remodel any branch of
the public service in an npproptiation bill, was a
dangerous proceeding, and ought not to be resort-
ed to.
The CH' Hi decided that the reference proposed
wa"- not in uuler.
Mr. PREOTOVsaid it wasa seriously ohje<tion-
able course to undertake to crganiz? the army in a
general appropriation bill—especially at this ses-
sion, when they hid in other cases insisted that the
appropriation bils should be confined to objee s
under existing laws,    This system of legiilatioD,
bj modifying or repealing a whole system of laws,
and adopting an entire new ¿ystem by amendments
to an ordinary appropriation bill, was dangerous
in itself. It was cutting down an important branch,
of the public service in too violent a manner, and
at an improper lime, as he was seriously afraid, in
in the present aspect of our foreign affairs, file
maintained that the bill should go first to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and see what was necessary to
be appropriated to carry out existing laws; and then
to the Committee on Military Affairs. If the poli-
cy of the country was to reduce the army, he hoped
it would be done in the ordinary and legitimate
course of legislation. He hoped the bill would be
referred to the Finance Co-iimittee.
Mr. SEVIER said, as the bill proposed t  make
a change in this branch of the service, he would
move to refer it to the Committee on Millitary Af-
fairs.
Mr. PRESTON again protested against such
reference, contending that it would be unprecedent-
ed and novel. If it was necessary to reorganize
the army, let a separate bill be introduced for that
purpose.
Mr. SEVIER said these were important regula-
tions of the army. He could not say whether they
were proper or not. He thought, however, that
some reorganization of the army was called for 
As for effecting a change in any system, or cor-
recting abuses by introducing separate bills, every
Senator very well knew the difficulties attending it.
If a reduction of the army, therefore, was to de-
pend on the action of Congress on a separate bill,
it would never be effected. If the House, there-
fore, wanted to make a reduction and retrench-
ment in the army, it could only be done by append-
ing an amendment to the appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD said the fiscal question in this
bill was the primary question, and the reduction of
the army was merely an incidental question; there-
fore, if the primary question should be considered
first, the bill ought to be referred to the Finance
Committee.
Mr. WOODBURY said, without going into the
consideration of the question of reducing the
army, he would call the attention of the Senate to
a single point. If the bill was referred to the Mil-
itary Committee, that committee could report its
views on the military point, and then it would be
in a proper state to go to the Committee on Pi-
nance, for them to decide on the financial question.
The proper reference he thought would be to the
Military Committee first.
Mr. ARCHER said the practice of making
change* in any system regulated by existing law,
by appending amendments to appropriation bills,
was unparliamentary, erroneous, and should not
be permuted.
Mr. SEVIER made some further remarks, show-
ing the propriety of reducing the army, if a re-
duction was necessary, by appending an amend-
ment to the appropriation bill, making provision
for the support of the array. He considered it as
a mere question of how many men the Govern-
ment would feed and clothe. If the number fed
heretofore was 12,000 or 15,000, and it was not
necessary to have more than 8,000 now, he main-
tained that it was a perfectly legitimate course of
legislation to make proyision to feed and clpthe
that number only.
Mr. BUCHANAN interposed objection to the
latitude, of divcrjssion on a mere question of refer-
ence. He did not believe it was in order; and -
hoped Senators would permh. the question to be
taken, that the apportionment bill might be take^
up and deposed of to-day.
Mr. SEVIER withdrew his motion.               /
Tne bill was then referred to the,Committee/on
'on°motion of Mr. BUCHANAN\the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in committee of the
whole,                                                    '     /
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.;
The question pending was the amendment intro-
duced by Mr. Linn, to exempt the elections for the
next Congress from the operations of the second
section, in the following words:
"Provided, That the provisions of this law shall not affect
the e'ection of members to the twenty-eighth Congress."
