S98
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"Maneum, Memcic, Milter, Morehead, Porter, Preston, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—34.
So the Senate refused to strike out the second
section.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to adjourn.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays,
-which were ordered, and resulted in the negative—
yeas 21, nays 24, as follows :
YEAS—-Me^rs Archer, Batrow, Bates, Clayton, Conrad,
Evans, Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Mangam, Merrick, Mil
ler, Morehead, Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—21
NAYS—Messrs Alien, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Berrien,
¡Buchanan, Calhoun, Crafts, Cuthoert, Fulton, Henderson,
King, Linn, McRoberts, Rives, Smith of Connecticut, fttur
geon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—24
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the bill, as report-
ed by the Judiciary Committee, had proposed a ra-
tio of 50,000, and representation for fractions.
He now submitted amendments rendered neces-
sary by the change made in the ratio.
The amendments were to insert the apportion-
ment of each State, respectively, to which u
entitled by the ratio of 70,680, in lieu of those
adapted to a ratio of 50,000, as follows: Maine
7; New Hampshire 4, Massachusetts 10, Connec-
ticut 4, Vermont 4; New York 34, New Jersey 5,
Pennsylvania 24; Delaware 1, Maryland 6, Vir-
ginia 15; North Carolina 9, South Carolina 7;
Georgia 8; Alabama 7; Louisiana 4, Mississippi
4; Tennessee 11; Kentucky 10; Ohio 21; Indiana
10; Illinois 7; Missouri 5; Arkansas 1; Michigan 3.
The amendments weie adopted.
Mr. MERRICK moved an adjournment.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays on
the question of adjournment; which were ordered,
and resulted in the affirmative—-yeas 24, nays 22,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Poiter, Preston,
Simmons Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbridge—24
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Culhbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Rives,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 8, 1842.
Mr. CHAS. BROWN presented the petition of
Joseph Repka, and one hundred and ninety otheis,
residents m and near the borough of Manayunk, in
the county of Philadelphia, praying Congres3 to
pass such a tariff as will raise the necessary funds
to meet the wants of the Government, and protect
the industry of the citizens of the United States
against foreign skill and capital.
Mr. PARMENTER presented the remonstrance
of John Harris, and 171 other citizens of Charles-
town, Massachusetts, against the reduction of the
navy appropriation: referred.
Mr. FILLMORE said he gave noaee yesteiday
that he should this morning move to take up ihe
bill which he yesterday reported, entitled "A bill to
extend, for a limited period, the present laws for
laying and collecting duties on imports," and he
now moved to take it up, for it seemed indispensa-
bly necessary that it --hould be k'iown whether it
was to be passed For the purpose indicated, he
moved that the Hou^e do now resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole.
The SFEAKER intimated that there was a ques-
tion pending at the adjournment yesterday, on the
reference of a statement from Captain A. Talcott,
which was entitled to the prece-lence
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that that question
might go ov^r until to morrow.
Mr. BRIGGS was understood to call for the
regular moriurg basinets.
Mr. HABERSHAM objected to the motion
made by the chairman of tne Commit'ee of Ways
and Means, on the ground that the bill alluded to
had only been this morning laid on their tables,
and it was necessary that th« members should
have time to consider it.
The SPEAKER intimated that one hour devoted
to the morning business would give gentlemen an
SReottunUy to examine the bill.
Mr. BRIGGS again called for the morning
business.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the report of the chairman of ihe Judi-
ciary Committee on the subject of the bankrupt
law, on which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Roosevelt] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ROOSEVELT was willing, to facilitate the
public business, that this subject snould go over
for the present. He suggested that it should lie
over until this day fortnight; but, that no time
might be occupied with it bow, consented that it
should go over until to-morrow; which was agreed
to.
The SPEAKER .announced that the next ques-
tion was on the report of the Committee on Manu-
factures, who sought authority to employ a clerk.
Mr. SALTONSTALL replied that, in conse-
quence of the delay which had occuired since the
committee made that report, the members of the
committee had done much of ihe business usually
done by a clerk, and th-y had paid much out of
their own pockets for clerk-hire. In this state of
their business, he did not press the subject; and it
was laid on the table.
The next subject was a resolution, reported some
time since from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
requesting the President to enter in'o negotiations
with the British Government, for the puipose of
establishing a permanent and equitable commercial
arrangement between the United States and the
British American colonies
Mr .CUSHING said he intended to make a mo-
tion which should, for the present, dispose of that
question, and to place it in a form to be acted upon
by the House, in a way more convenient to itself.
This rtsolution called upon the President of the
United States to institute negotiations with Great
Britain for a new arrangement of our commer-
cial relations with the British colonies; but the
Committee en Commerce bad made a report, as
well on that precise point as on our reciprocity re-
lations with foreign countries in general.
Mr FILLMORE interposed, and moved to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from the bill
to extend, for a limited period, the present laws for
laying and collecting duties on imports.
Mr. PICKENS, after making some inquiry from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, which was not distinctly heard, observed
that the course suggested was, at least, a singular
mode of proceeding.
Mr BOWNE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CUSHING said he could not yield the floor
to have the morning hour consumed with yeas and
nays.
He then resumed the subject which he was ex-
plaining when he was mterrup'ed by Mr. Fill
more, and he said it was a subject of deep interest
to a large portion of the United States—to the
shipping interest, he believed, it was of more im-
portance than almost any other question; and to
the people of the United States, m general, it was
second only to the tariff question. His intention
now was, to move to refer the resolution to the
Committee of the Whole having in charge the bill
reported from the Committee on Commerce, [by
Mr. Kennedy,] to which he had before alluded, so
that the committee could act on the entire subject
at once, but as, after the lapse of so much time
since the report was made, the subject had ap-
parently passed from the mirds of members, he
begged to be mdulgpd m a few íemarks.
He then entered into the subject generally. He
said he would not undertake to say which was the
most judicious course to pursue—that recommend-
ed by the Committ e on Commerce, or that by the
Committee oa Foreign Relations, but, by the adop-
tion of the motion he now made, the committee
would have both befors it, and they could then de-
termine between the alternative propositions.
He next entered into a long argument, to show
that the existing arrangements between the two
Governments had not been observed in good fai'h
by the British Government , that, instead of equal-
ity, there was only the pretence of reciprocity; and
that British vessels enjoyed advantages which were
denied to the vessels of the United States: and
concluded with the motion which he had before spe-
cified.
Mr. PICKENS corxmred with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that the operation of the ex-
isting arrangements had been at the expense of
American vessels, and to the advantage of British
bottoms. Great Britain had, undoubtedly, got the
advantage of us. But he did not rise to speak on
that subject; he merely rose to suggest that the
mode now proposed was a new mode of introdu-
cing this subject to the Government of the United
States. He always understood that it was the
business of the President of the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, bur,
now, the gentleman proposed to make it a matter
of a complicated nature. He concurred with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that this was a
subject next to the tariff, m interest, to many
persons m the United States, but, though be con-
curred with him on that point, be disagreed with
him as to the mode he proposed to pursue The
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Cushing] proposed to request the President of
the United States to open negotiations with the
British Government; but it appeared to him (Mr.
P ) that the gentleman should so have framed his
resolution as to call upon the President for infor-
mation; he should have inquired of the President
whether negotiations were entered into, or were in-
tended to be entered into; and the negotiations
should have been left to the negotiating branch
of ihe Government.
Mr. CUSHING suggested that the whole mat-
ter rested on an act of Congress.
Mr. PICKENS resumed, and was understood
to say that it was a question of treaty and arrange-
ment, and of the construction of such arrange-
ments in which the British had got the advantage
of us. It would be found to be an agitating ques-
tion; and he, for one, would rather submit it to the
negotiating branch of the Governmen*; ahd when
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Kennedy]
brought up his bill, the whole subject would come
before them; but, at present, they were treading
upon ground which they were unfit to tread upon.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland concurred en-
tirely in the motion made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, to refer the whole subject to the
Committee of the Whole having in cnarge the
bill « hieh had been alluded to.
Mr. FESSENDEN expressed his surprise at the
resolution introduced by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. He was opposed to any negotiation of
this matter, and, principally, upon the ground that
it would be useless to at empt to settle it by nego-
tiation. The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams] when Secretary of State and President
of the United States, had attempted that; but all
his endeavors were fruitless England would not
yield, for a moment, her assent to any proposition
to settle the question in that way. She admitted
the principle we contended for in her direct trade;
but would not m the colonial trade, in which the
cabinet council resolved it could not be entertained,
even as the subject of negotiation between the
two nations She had laid down this rule in 1823,
and again in 1825, when Mr Gallatin attempted
to open negotiations. In answer to him, she de-
clared she would not negotiate, but would legis-
late. He therefore thought it somewhat extraor-
dinary that gentlemen should ask the United S>ates
to t pen negotiations on a subject upon which Eng-
land had refused to act. Considering the injuries
our commerce was daily experiencing, he thought
we should proceed to legislate, and place our com-
merce upon that footing of equalny which it ought
to have.
After some further remarks from Mr. FES-
SENDEN, and a few words in reply from Mr.
ADAMS,
Mr. LOWELL of Maine obtained the floor,
and would have addressed the House at this
tima, but for the expiration of the morning hour.
Some conversation here en~ued, in relation to
the propriety of going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; motions to that effect
having been mar'e by Messrs. SALTONSTALL
and WALLACE
Mr. CUSHING claimed the floor upon the mo.
