OON&ftlSSfOKAL GLOBE.
jong as ad valorem duties on invoices existed, so
loijg would the frauds on the revenue continue. It
•was impossible to secure honest men as appraisers
in all cases; and even when honest, ihey were lia-
J>le to be ignorant of their duties. Toe duties, he
Thought, ¡>bould be specific in substance, if not in
ibrm. He instanced a ship with a cargo of a
hundred different articles from France—articles
-which might be easily got in at some small port of
-entry, where there were no competent appraiser?.
The system of specific duties, on the contrary, ad-
mitted of no frauds, and was «are of attaining the
objects of tariff laws—revenue to the Govern-
ment, and protection to the American manufac-
t irer.
After a few further remarks, Mr. C. took his
seat.
Mr. UNDERWOOD wished to make a brief re-
ply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cdshino.] A great portion of the gentleman's ar-
gument he should of course not touch upon, be-
cause it had nothing to do with the matters which he
•wished to bring to the consideration of the House.
He should not, therefore, go into the argument
whether Mr. Pomdexter's report had done injustice
to any portion of the citizens of Massachusetts,
jior should he attempt to contrast that report with
the one of Messrs. Steuatt and Kelly.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON here asked a question
of Mr Underwood; but the reporter neither heard
jt nor the reply.
Mr. ARNOLD understood that the gentleman
from Kentucky had once already addressed the
House on this question, and he therefore claimed
the right to the floor.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied, that he had occu-
pied the floor when the question was up for printing
the reports and accompanying documents. The
question now up was the amendment be had sub-
mitted.
The SPEAKER decided that, as the gentleman
from Kentucky had already spoken on the subject,
the gentleman from Tennessee was entitled to the
floor if he persisted in claiming it.
Mr. ARNOLD—after a few remarks, having
reference to the inportance of the public business,
which was suffering by the delays of the House,
and deprecating the consumption of time in the
discussion of mere abstractions, when near the
«lose of the session, with so many matters b"fore
the House of deep interest to the country yet un-
touched—moved the previous question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD appealed to the gentleman
10 withdraw the call for the previous question, in
order that he might make such explanation as he
deemed necessary to a perfsct understanding of his
positioa in regard to thts question.
Mr. ARNOLD declining to withdraw, the call
for the previous question was seconded by the
House, and the mam question ordered.
The main question being first on Mr. Under-
wood's amendment to the motion for the punting
of the message and documents, as follows:
"But in the printing of this message and documents, thH
House does not intend to approve or sanction the institution of
this commission; it being the opinion ot this House that the
President has no rightful authonty to appoint or commission
officers to investigate abusei, or to pioimc information on sub-
jects to be acted upon by him, and to < ompensate such officers
lit the public expanse, without authonly given by Jaw."
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted a modification
which be wished to make to the amendment; but,
it being ofejec'ed to by several, it was not received-
The yeas and nays having: be n ordered,
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON asked a division of
the amendment; which wasorJered.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to lay the whole
subject on the lable: rejeced—jeas 80, nays 99.
The ques'ion was then taken on the first divi-
sion of the amendment, as follows:
"But in the printing of tin > message and documents, this
House does not intend toapptove or sanction the institution of
this commission "
Which question was deeded in the affirmative—
yeas 86, nays 8"*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Arnold, Amngton, Atherton, Aycrigg, Birds-
eye, Botts, Boyd, Brewster, T!,ig2s,Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Btown, Charles Brown, Burke, William Butler, William O
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick: C Caldwell, Thoma* J
Campbell, Caruthers, J C. Clark, Clifford, Clinton, Colt , Mark
«■sÍL00^!' cjavens, Daniel, Q. Davis, Richara D. Davis,
P% Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwafds, Egbert,  Everett,
Fillmore, J. Q. Floyd, A. L. Foster, Green, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston. Howard, Hudson, Cave Johnson, Isaac O.Joaea,
Keim, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield, Abraham McClellan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Alfred Marshall, Mathiot,
Mathews, Mattocks, Maynard, Meditl, Miller, Mitchell, Pal-
ridge, Payne, Pendleton, Pickens, Pope, Rayi.er, Reding,
Rencher, Reynolds, Rogers, Roosevelt, James M. Russell,
Shaw, Shields, Stanly, Steenrod, Summers, John B Thomp-
son, Underwood, Van Buren, Warren, Watteison, Joseph L.
White, Christopher H Williams—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J Andrews, Baker,
Bidlack, Black, Blair, Boardman, Bowne, Brockway, Bi onson,
Jeremiah Brown, Bumell, Calhoun, John Campbell, William
B. Campbell, Casey, Chapman, Childs, Chittenden, Staley N.
Clarke, Colquitt, Cowen, Cranston, Cushing, John Edwards,
Fessenden, Fornance, Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Goggm, Wil-
liam O. Goode, Granger, Halsted, Hays, Holmes, Hubard,
Charles .7. Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, W. W. Irwin, James,
William Cost Johnson, John P. Kennedy, McKennan, Maxwell,
Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Morns, Morrow, Newhard, Oliver,
Parmenter, Plumer, Powell, Benj. Randall, Alexander Randall,
Randolph, Rhett, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, Wm. Russell, Sal-
stonstall, Saunders, Truman Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Stokely,
Stratton, J. T. Stuart, Taliaferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Tom-
lmson, Trumbull, Wallace, Westbrook, Edward D. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Wood, and Yorke—83.
Mr. McKEON asked if it would be in older to
move to lay the remaining portion of the amend-
ment on the table.
The SPEAKER said that question had already
been decided by the House, and was not now in
order.
Mr. McKEON. I tnov  to lay ih? second branch
of the amendment on the table.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to lay the whole subject
on the table; and that motion is certainly in order,
for there bat, been action by the House since the
motion to lay the subject on ihe table was decided.
This House having undertaken to decide upon the
constitutional powers of the President, it is time to
get nd of the question. [Cries of "Order, order."]
I ask the gentleman from Kentucky to put his
finger on that clau?e of the Constitution which
sanctions his amendment. [Loud cries of "Order,
order."]
The SPEAKER said that the motion to lay the
whole subject on the lable would now be m order;
and the question having been put, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Arlington, Atherton, Black,
Blair, Boardman, Bowne, Boyd, Brewstei, Brockway, Aaron
V Bioivn, Burke, Bumell, William O. Butler, Green W. Cald-
well, Patrick C Caldwell, Calhoun, John Campbell, Chapman,
Chittenden, John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, Clifford, Clinton,
Colquitt, Cross, Cushing, Darnel, Richard D Davis, Doig,
Eastman, John EJwards, John C Edwards, Egbert, Everett,
Fessenden, Fillmore, Gerry, Granger, Habersham, Halsted,
Hauls, John Hastings, Hayes, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Chas. J Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Wilbam W.
Irwin, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Littlefield, Abraham
McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Alfred Mar-
shall, Mathews, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mitchell, Morris, Moi row,
Oliver, Parmentei, Patridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumei, Ben-
jamin Randall, Randolph, Rencher, Rhett, Riggs, Rodney,
Roosevel t, Saltonstall, Saundei s, Shaw, shields, Ti uman Smith,
Suyder, Steeniod, Stratton, Tillinghast, Tomlmson, Watterson,
Welter. Edward II White, Thos. W Williams, Wood, Yorke,
and John Young—96
NAYS—Messrs Landaft W. Andrews, Sherlock J Andrews,
Arnold, Aycrigg, Halter, Barton, Bidlack, Birdseye, Botts,
Brig?s, Branson, Milton Btown, Challes Blown, Jeremiah
Brown, Wm. Butler, William B. Campbell, Thomas J Camp-
bell, Carutheis, Casey, Mark A. Coopei, Cowen, Cranston,
Cravens, Garrett Davn, Dean, Fornance, A Lawrence Foster,
I homas F Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Goggin, Green, Howaid,
Hudson, James, Wm C. Johnson, Isaac 1) Jones, Keim. John
P. Kennedy, Lane, Lewis, Linn, McKennan, Mathiot, Maynaid,
Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Moore. Morgan, Newhard, Pen-
dleton, Pope, Alexander Randall, Rayner, Reding, Reynolds,
Ridgway, Rogers, William Russell, Jami,s M. Russell, Sprigg,
Manly, ¡-tnk"ly, JohnT Stuart, Summers, Sweney, Taliaferro,
John B Thompson, Toland, Underwood, Van Buren, Wallace,
Wairen, Joseph L. White, and Chrstopher II. Williams—76.
On motion by Mr. SALSTONSTALL, the
House resolved itself into Comnaittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. McKen-
nan of Pennsylvania ia the c^air )
Mr. S. moved ihat the committee take up the
tariff bill, (No. 312,) reported from the Committee
on Manufactures.
Mr. P1LLM0RB moved that the committee
take up the bi 1 (No. 472) to provide revenue
from imports, ,-.nd to change ?nd modify existing
laws imposing duties on imports, and for other
put poses.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved tbat the conraiüee
take up the bill to allow further time for issuing
miLtary land warrants to soldiers of the laie war
with Great Britain.
Mr. GAMBLE moved that the committee take
up the bill ftom ihe Señale (No. 17) reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, for the payment
of the claims of certain companies of Georgia
militia.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL moved that the
committee take up bill (No 99) to provide for cer-
tain incidental and contingent expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the > ear 1842; and
Mr. GILMER moved that the committee take
up the bill to regulate the mileage of members of
Congress.
The question was first taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Jambs of Pennsylvania and Foster of Georgia,)
on the motion of Mr. Saltonstall, and decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 91.
So the committee refused to proceed to the con-
sideration of the tariff bill of the Committee on
Manufactures.
The next question in order being on the motion
of Mr. Fillmore—
Mr. PICKENS inquired if it was in order to aik
the chairman of ths Committee of Ways and
Means a question. He wished to know if the
chairman ot trie Committee of Ways and Means
intended to press the bill reported by him to final
action, before acting on the bill reported by htm
yesterday, to continue the present tariff for a lim-
ited time?
[Cries of "Order! order!"]
Messrs. Campbell of Tennessee and Stkatton
were appointed tellers; who, on taking the ques.
tion, reported ayes 91, noes 60.
So the committee determined to proceed to the
consideration of the bill reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means, to provide revenue from im-
ports, and to change and modify existing laws im-
posing duties on imports, and for other purposes ;
and the Clerk proceeded to read it through. When
he had finished reading the bill,
Mr. MORGAN moved that the committee rise.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, however, obtained
permission to move to lay aside that bill for to-day,
for the purpose of lakins* up a bill which he held
in his hand, being the bill to provide for the contin-
gencies which were stricken out of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. He said they could
make some progress with it to-day, and it could be
taken up at intervals, whenever the House should
not be ready to consider the tariff bill.
Mr. RHETT moved that the committee rise ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. RAYNER then reported a bill, from the
Committee on Commerce, to establish a port of en-
try in Sou'h Carolina; which was read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
A bill from the Senate, authorizing Ihe register
of a brig lying at the port of New York, was
read twice.
The House then adjourned.
The Speaker yesterday laid before the House
a memorial of Amos Kendall, praying to be re-
leased from a judgment obtained against hitr, in
favor of Wm. B. Stokes, Lucius W. Stockton, and
Daniel Moore, in consequence of official acts done
by him while holding the office of Postmaster Gen-
eral; and also to be refunded reasonable costs and
charges incurred in defending the said suit; and
compensation for the great loss of time and other
inconveniences to which he had been subjected;
which petition was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 9, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sin-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, made m csmphance with a resolution of the
Senate ot the UGth April last, calling on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for information whether
any n?w books had been opened in that depart-
ment since the 4th of March, 1840, and, if any, to
what exten ; of tbeameuntof expenditures since
the 4th March, 1841, to 4ih March, 1842; and of the
amount of demands accruing !or the same periods.
Tne communication of the Secretary dees not state
that any new books have been opened since the
periods mentioned in the resolution; and states that
the accompanying statements of the auditors and
comptrollers explain, in detail, the impossibility of
showing with accuracy, at this time, the amounts of
the expenditure?, and the demands, within the spe-
eific periods mentioned in the resolution.
