i$oa__________________
committee of the whole in Mr. Benton's amend-
ment, providing that the districts shall consist, as
nearly as prac «able, of an equal number of in-
habitants.
Mr. GRAHAM observed that this might occa-
sion divisions of counties.
Mr. MERRICK thought (he regulation of the
districts should be left to the States themselves.
Mr. TALLMADGE hoped the amendment
would not be adopted. It would be a great incon-
venience to his State, as counties and cities would
he dividec'.
Mr WOODBURY reminded gentlemen that a
very decided vote, by yeas and nay?, had been
taken on the subject of dividing counties or cities
He was very much obliged to the Senator from
Missouri for the introducton of the amendment;
which he should have proposed himself, had not
the Senator brought it forward
Mr. CONRAD considered this amendment would
render the divMon of counties inevitable, and for
that reason he would vote against it.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that his strong objec-
tion to the second clause of this bill was the cer-
tainty that it rendered the division of counties
inevitable.
The Senator from Delaware, with his accustom-
ed frankness, said, yesterday, "You can make one
district of the city of New York, with its 312 000
inhabitants, if you choose " It is true. But he (Mr.
W.) trusted that no State would ever resort to such
an act, by whico such injustice would be done. It
is utterly vain to say that, if you pass this bill, you
do not compel the States to divide counties And
the moot objectionable feature i , that you compel
them to divide the States into counties, and m?ke
three or four sectional divisions within a few min-
utes' walk I am disponed to preserve the just
representative principle, if possib'e.
Mr. BAYARD tnoughi cne great reason why
Congress should not act diuctly in districting the
Stales, was, that trie S ates, therrselves understood
the territorial circumstances of the distiicls better
than Coigr ss could possibly know them It reem
ed to him that the <afest plan would be for Con-
gress not to touch the «ubject "t all, but to Wve it
to the States thetnselvrs The members of tae
Legislatuiesare responsible to .hen cmstituents for
making an rqui able distribution.
Mr. KING observed that the Senaior from Del-
aware was now m favor ot leaving the ma'ter
alone altogether; but, un'mianptcly, he found the
honorable S liator mierkiing with the very mat-
ter he was cmien ling they should not interfere
with. Tae S-nator now declared they coald s-aíely
leave the matter to the di*cretion of the States—the
veiy thing wh'ch the Senator and his friends had
advocated with o much zeal, to prevent the States
making iheirown amngements, «ind binding them
down 10 single districts, although the population
of some of them had doubled. The truth seemed
to be, that gentlemen here were afraid to trust the
bill again to the other House Let it eo to them,
and let them rej jet it if they plene, and let it go
to the country that they are prepared to force upon
the States the necessity of making districts, which
must bj attended with inconvenience. Mr. K.
proceed to amend the amendment, by adding the
words " as. nea lv au may Le, without dividing
counties "
Mr. S'MMONS thought -our inconveniences
mght arise n counties oí w'es, a-rl h^ belie* d
there ought to be so"ie provuo rat it siiall i>i t pf
feet eounues cont ínm.? rtore thin puoi"-li of in-
habitants for ore R n e sntabve
Mr W4LKER called for the yeas ard niy ,
which   re f (deed, am resulted id the afhrmati/e,
as follow*-
YEA 1—Me is <t" n An her Bjel y, B-itei Ben in, Del
ríen, Inch man, ( ilhoiin Clajton ( u hbeu Evans 1 ul
ton, Perth iw Kin  Lin Melt bert& Mjngum, 1' >rtei,
Preston, jam h of C nee ut ~ i I rt Inclima ~ u"eon,
Tappan, Wafer, VI In e Wi co\, «litems Wootlouiy,
Wright ind \ oí ni— 0
¡\AiS—Vissr  B iiinv Ba/ai 1 Chute, ( mni, Crafts
Graham Kerr, alen i k <VI - V elie 1 Phrti a, Rive, bim
mons, Sprague  rallTad" , and Woo bul'—16
Mr LINN observed, ttiat it hi 1 been st? ed
yesterday by the Senator from Virgin'a, [Mr.
Archer,] that h,s reason for votirg in favor of the
|«<íor4 clause of this bill was, that he wished to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
protect minorities—anticipating that, in two years,
he and his friends might be m a minority. He
would, therefore, move for exempting the State of
Missouri, which was one of the minority States,
from the operation of the compulsory clause, until
after the 28th Congress; and he hoped the Senator
from Virginia, whose^jsympathies were so strong in
favor of protecting minorities, wcu'd vote wth
him.                                                                    .
Mr. WALKER asked the Senator to include
the State of Mississippi.
Mr.*LINN assented.
Mr. BERRIEN hoped th  Senator would include
Georgia.
Mr. LINN said, Certainly.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut hoped the Senator
would include the State of Connecticut
Mr LINN asked if that State elected by districts,
or by general-ticket?
Mr. SMITH replied, partly by the district sys-
tem, and partly by the general ticket sys'em.
Mr. LINN obj cted, that including any State
electing partially or wholly by the ¡.strict system
would embarrass his motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked the Senator from Mis-
souri to include the State of Mame.
Mr. LINN absented.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut hoped the Senator
would not object to including Connecticut.
Mr. LINN could not consent to open up the
whole discussion again. He had proposed to ex-
empt Missouri, because he was unwilling that
there should be any collision between that State
and the General Government.
Mr. MERRICK objected to the amendment, on
the ground ot partiality, m legislating for special
exemptions from a general law
Mr. LINN did rot see any force in the Senate's
objection. The States which elect by the g<meral-
tic-ket system are subjected to special grievances in
this law, and all be asked by his amendment was,
that time «hould be given to them for the change
they are required to make
Mr BUCHANAN said, if he knew himself, he
would vote for this amendment without the slight-
est ¡,i]gp of party feeling. He wished, if possible,
to avoid the dangerous collision which may—nay,
which must—arise at the meeting of the n xt Con-
gress bets een the Federal and State au hontie%
should the bill b-c me a ¡aw in its present foim.
Of course, by co'hsion he did not mean the use of
fv rce. It was low manifest that, in one or two of
the smaller States, where the gineral-'ii-kef sjs em
prevailed, the elections must be held under that
sysiem before it would be possible for their Legis-
latures to as rmb'e and change the law. In cases
of this kind, their RepresiMatives would appear
and demand their seats This would produce both
('a"fer ird ileiay. The House would be occupied
a longT Urn  in d scusMtig pnd deciding thi> im-
portant const tuttonal question, tbaa they had been
m discussing and deciding the New Jcrsev ques-
tion. And, beside1-, who wcu'd be the judges?
The members cf the House wou'd assemble with-
out any organization, for no law had provided
what should be the prima facie eviderce of a mem-
bers ti le to his seat.
He appealed to Senators to consider seriously
th■ consequences which m'ght arise trim the rc-
jec ion of this amendment. It could dono harm,
in any possible point of view, and it might save
us from a deltca'e and dangerous qn.s t^n, wh ch
m pb shake the Union.
lie did not ujink there was any vu*ht in the
cor>s!iii,!K i2i objection cf the S^.iator from Mary-
land, [Mr Mbrr.cic ] Thde wre one or two
cises urder the Co^ tita ici which requned that
we shou'd nacs unirorrn laws, sbci as m ca^es of
bankruptcy; but the Constitution did not require
omf rm legts a ion in pre cr b -g the mannci of
holdi e elee' ons On the contrary, the framers of
the C nst tu'ion h?d anticipated par ml legislation
m this very esse It was mtetded to secure an
election oí Representatives to those S a'es in whici,
from the negiert, r.-f',«il, or nabihtv of the L"sis-
tures, ¡hey would becepnved of Representatives
w tbout the m'erpooition of Congress It was in-
tended to provide a remedy for the very case now
before us.
---------.......---------......•............---------------*
The question was then taken on the amendment,
as follows:
Provided, That this section shall not take effect, as to the
election of Representatives from the States of Missouu, Mis-
sissippi, Georgia, and Mame, tilt after the election of Repre-
sentatives for said States for the 28tb Congress
And it was decided in the negative—yeas 22,
nays 24, as follows.
YEAS—"Messrs   Allen,   Bagby,   Bates,   Benton,   Berrien,    *
Buchanan, Calhoun    Choate, Cuthbert,   Pulton, Henderson,
King, Linn, MoRoberts, Rives, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright and Young—22
NAYS-Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Clayton, Conrad,
Crafts, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith
of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodbrtdge—24
Mr. WALKER offered the following amend-
ment, on which he called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered:
Provided, That the next el-ction for Congress in those
States voting tinder existing laws by general ticket, shall not
be affected by this section
Mr. MERRICK objected, that the Senate had
already rejected the proposition.
Mr. WALKER insisted that no question had
been taken on the subject in that form.
The CHAIR decided that no question had been
taken on the specific proposition.
Mr. MERRICK said his objection to the amend-
ment was the same as to the proposition m any
other form
The ques'ion was then taken, and resulted m
the negative as follows—yeas 23, nays 23-
TiEAS—Messrs Allen, Eagby, Bayaid, B nion, Berrien,
Buchanan,Calhoun, Cuthnen, Fulton, Henderson, King, Linn,
McRoberts, Rives, Smith of Connecticut, Stuigeon, Tap
p«n, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—23
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Choate Clayton, Conrad,
Oiatts Evans Graham, Huntirgton, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick,
Miller, Moiehead, Phelps Porter Preston, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—23
Mr. BENTON observed that the election in Mis-
souri would come on, under the general-ticket sys-
tem, on the first Monday m July. It would not be
in the power of the Governor to receive any notifi-
cation of the passage of th'S law, m Irae to issue
his proclamation postponing the election, and it
would, therefore, be an impossibility for the State
of Missouri to be represented according to the re-
quirements of this law. He would, therefore,
move ihe following amendment
Fronded, That m any State where it shall be impossible,
for want of time, to district the State oefore the first election for
Representatives, then, and m that case, this section shall not
apply to such State until the second election of Representatives
undei this act
Mr ME [{RICK proposed an amendment to the
amendment, that such State shall not hold any
election during the present year.
Mr ARCHER denied that there was any neces-
sity for the amendment at all
Mr. MERÍÜCK withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN requested the amendment would
be read
It was read.
Mi. BERRIEN then asked if the word "impos-
sibility" was intended to be apphed to the holding
of elections under existing laws
Mr BENTON explained, that, under existing
laws, it won d be impossible to hold lh° eleciions in
conformity with the requisitions of this bill, and
that there would be an utter impossibility of put-
ting the State in possession of this mandate before
i s e ections take place
Mr. BAYARD observed, as a mere abstract ques-
tion, no State should be required to district itself,
wnere an absolute '-impossibility" of compliance
exisled He believed no Senator would insist on
such an abstract principle as that. But this was
quite a d fferent thing no such impossibility really
woi.ld ex st. To give a liberty to remain inactive,
and thereby create an impOhs,ibih'y, would be
hard y required of Congress. It would lead to such
a wide field of incoiiclu ivene s, that he thought the
Senator ought to change his propc-oiuon, so as to
aoplv it m?mly to his own Sute, and he would
th¿n vo'e for it, upon the showing tnat time could
not be had for the election n that State.
Mi. BEATON explained t*e impossibilities, as
his State was concerned
The y as „nd na>s were then on'led for, and
ordered, and they resulted—yeas 21, nays 24, as
follows:
