CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BOS
public debt, an es'iruated amount of between
$25,000,000 and #26.000,000. The Secretary th?n '
estimated the amount that wouid be required on
the part of the Government for the payment of
debts, and other liabilities; which made tne aggre-
gate demand on the Treasury for the present year
¿33,892 000. Tne Secretary thou went on to esti-
mate the expenditures for the years 1343-4, and for
three years he made tUi aggregate amount $98,-
242 000—that sum, of course, including the amount
required to pay the Treasury notos outstanding,
and other d--'bts contracted.
If, however, they passed from these opinions of
the Secretary to examine some collateral facts, for
ths purpose of ascertaining what amount would be
necessary, they woa'd find that, during the four
years of Mr. Van Buien's administration, the an-
nual expenditures, independent of all payments for
the public debt, were near §28.000,000; and if the ex-
perience of the past was to afford a guide for the
future, they might calculate the annual expendi-
tures of the Government hereafter to bs between
#27,000,000 and #28,000,000, independent of the
amount requisite to pay the public debt now ex-
isting.
But there had been so much disenssion in ref-
erence to the probable expenditures of the Govern-
ment for some years to come, both in this body
and the other branch of Congress, that he might be
excused from going into details. He might, however,
remark, that the estimates of the various gentlemen
who had investigated the subject, and which thry
showed by labes and ngares,ran up from §18,000,000
to 026,000,000; whereby it vvss s.ho'.va that, where
intelligent men d fívr¿d so raoch, it roust, to a great
extent, be found to be a ¿tatter of conjecture.
But, from what he had seen for the last few days,
bethought there was a spiiit of reform at woik,
that, however much he might regret its destruc-
tive character to some of the essenti'l establish-
ments of the country, if carried out, might dimin-
ish the expenditures between $3,000,000 aad
$4,000,000 below what ih-y had been for the last
three or four years. The expenditures, therefore,
might be redueed to between $23,000,009 and
$24,000,000. if, then, to ¡his be adiied $3,000,000
to pay t!v interest on >he public debt, tae annual
expenditure would be about $27,000.000 ; and this
amount wouid be necessary to c.rry on the Gov-
ernment. He should assume, then, for argu-
ment's sake, that the annual expenditures would
not exceed -$24,000,000, with the additbn of
$3,000,000 to pay toe interest of the public debt;
and then ths next question that presented itself
was, how should this amount be raised? The Con-
stitution, in its grant of legislative p o'vers on this
subject, gave the power to lay iax.-s, io collect du-
ties on imports, and, in the third place, to raise the
money by excise. Now, to which mode wou'd
they resort? it had been contended that the best
mode was by direct taxation ; and tais idea had
had a general circulation in the countiy That
they had the power to supply the treusur' by di-
rect taxation, coulJ not be denied ; bu> v;a? any
gentleman, after a full exi"jwaionot tbe ubpet,
willing to resort to that mode of supplying ¡he w«n!s
of the treasury, except in the direst u. c-ssitj ? They
had tried it once, aad there were gep.ii3.nett who
had intimated their willingness to try it again. .As
early as 1798—when, he believed, ¡here was same
apprehension of war—an attempt was wade to sup-
ply the waits of the treasury by direct taxd;oui;
and a law v/.'s passed, dtrer-tiiig the /.'.liW-ioo of
land and negroes, for il;o purpose of Wyin? a di-
rect tax. Bat he desired ire committee to look at the
number of officers that wvi'd be spreal o>-er the
country, to make ¡he requisite valuation. For even
when that was once don,-, they raa.nl take in'o con-
sideration that the value cf land  "d neg.-oes, and
other property to be taxt'd, \ us constantly "Wia-
gisg in value; and whut a l/eciendous power, then,
it would give lbj appnin'iig power of this Govern-
ment. Ttse requisite number of officers for this
purpose would be like the frogs of Egypt.
He had taken occasion to look into the amount of
money ihus collected by direct taxation, and he
found, since the commencement of this Govern-
ment, leaving out smaJ items, ¡hat there had been
collected, for the purpose of paying the debts of the
Government and i's accruing expenses, the sum of
$913,000,000. And {rom whatsource did they sup-
pose it had come? The question had ever been
asked, from what source can the money be drawn
with the least oppression to the people? And, in
answering such a question, the experience of fifty
or sixty years was not to be overlooked. It would
be found that $746,000,000 were from duties levied
on goods imported.
In answer to a question from Mr. Rhett, he said
be did not include the amount of the Post Office
revenues, which Mr. Khett said, daring the last
ten years, had averaged irom three to five millions
of dollar?. The Post Office paid its own expenses
out of its receipts; and he (Mr. Fillmork) was only
considering the mode by which they should raise the
requisite amount to defray the ordinary expenses
of the Government, and to pay existing debts.
He thyi proceeded with bis enumeiation of the
sources whence the receipts had been drawn.
Twenty-two millions had oeen raised by excise,
and only twelve millions by direct taxes. He sta-
ted the amount which had been received from the
public lands, and added that dividends and bo-
nusses from that odious monster—tbe United States
Bank—amounted to $20,000.000; being $8,000,000
more than had been collected by direct taxation.
He had merely diuded to these facts to show that
the experience oí more than fifty years had demon-
strated that direct taxation was not the mode by
which the wants of the Government could be sup-
plied.
The next question, then, was, whether they
would supply the treasury by excise? He had
heard gentlemen—"'ery intelligent g nt'iemen—
both within and without tbe walls of that House,
spetk of that as a veiy eligible mode by which to
supply the wants of the Government; but he asked
if any gentleman there was then prepared to resort
to it. The very name of excise was odious in Great
Britain, where it was practised; and thouch they
found in the Constitution a power to raise revenue
by excise, he was surprised to find that the word
had not been usfd in this country. And why was
it so? A duly in the shape of excise was recom-
mended during the two first years of our Govern-
ment; but the name was so odious, that the Ad-
ministration that ventured to impose the duty, did
not venture to use the name. He found a report
was made by Mr. Secretary Hamilton, in which,
instead of excise, he called it "internal revenue."
There was a great deal in changing a name.
And what had been the bi<iory of raising, the
revenue of a country by excise? Mr. McCulloch
said, of frut mode of raising revenue in Great
Britain, that it was a name g'ven to duties and
tax'sensaeh articles as are produced and con-
st; ne.i at home; while custom duties were those
duties which were levied on imports from other
countries. It was a duty on their own mannf&c-
t .¡re, the produce of thdr own labor, and consumed
in their own country; and hence everybody would
perceive that it would be necessary that they should
have a swarm of officers to :eo who vas engaged
m the manufacture oí any excisable article.
Another consideran n was ¡he cc nphcu.ed legis-
lation whii'h was necess-ry to sueb; a system; fj-
ÍÍ' 'hey imposed a duty on articles manufactured
by tneir own citizoiis, they prevented ¡him comiiit,-
fairly in c >mpeutiou witn the citizens of other
countries—anteas, indeed, they deducted the excise
duty '.vheuth'í a;fcies Wfif exported; and, c>n?e-
q' oiit'y, at every port or eipjttaton there must be
a-.¡ exa'uoia'ioa totee if the articles hid paid an
excise duty into the treasury, thai, if so, the amount
misfit be refi'rtirjd. Another con-ideidiion wes,
that in C-.c-it ii?ita;n tne excise dnties were of,en
evakd by the p-oducer, ¡iot".'ith.tandi¡Lg the ut-
m ■&(; vi.ilaice i-i a c 'uu'ry where 'he p -pniation
••.-as thick; but ~hen i. can...* to a country like csrs,
whi.'h. is sp.eai ovc. thousands of miles, euvy-
b'idy must ier it would be et't, .-nt'y ¡nipos-,bie
sa'eiy and fullu to evr/ into e/f.c;. . law imposir.g
excise du íes. And if noi, what would be the conse-
quence? Why, toe tuiiy would be a reward for
ixportiag ihein;and it vnu'd be paid to tee p.o-
ducer or exports*-, instead of finding its way into
the treasury.
But another consequence which had grown out
of the system in England—nh<ch was, perhaps, not
less deleterious to the morals of the country—-watf,
thst the legislation had been such, that the excise
duties refunded often exceeded the amount paid.
Tnke, for instance, sugar or glass. By the law of
Great Britain, the duty on glass, to enable the pro*
ducer to meet the citizens of other countries in the
market of the world, was to be refunded whun the
article was exported.
He then called the attention of the committee to
another invtance of th<! impolicy of excise duties.
Tbe Committee of Ways and Means had bad
many gentlemen before it, to give information as
to the operation of the various duties upon articles
manufactured and exported. They represented
that the manufacursr of sugar coall, by means of
the protection sHorded him by the excises and our
tariff, afford to sell refined sugar for six cents per
pound. In answer to an inquiry aj to the cost of
the raw article, it was stated that the manufacturer
had to pay eleven cents for the same article. It
wa-s then asked, how he could afford to buy the
raw article for eleven cents, manufacture it, send
it across the ocean, and then sell it for six cents?
The apparent absurdity was explained thus : By
the laws of England, an excise duty was imposed
upon sugar and molasses, and a drawback allowed
on all exported. It so happened, however, that
the amount received by way of drawback exceeded
the amount pAid the Government by way of ex-
cise. There was, also, a residuum, after taking
out the refined article; and this the manufacturer
sold as sugar-house molasses, exporting it and re-
ceiving a drawback, although they had paid no
duty upon it. In this way, they were enabled to
sell the refined article for six cents, when the raw
material cost them eleven.
He read from Blackstone's Commentaries a brief
history of excise duties in England, where they were
first imposed, in 1643, upon ale, beer, cider, bread,
&e. Both parties, however, sgreed that they
should continue timing the war; and Blackstone
declared their very name was odious to the people.
Thfir enforcement lequired the severest regulations
in England; and if ihey had to be attended with
such severe pains and penalties in that small coun-
try, what would be necessary here?
The recent movement in. the Brit.A Parliament
showed that every expedient for laising revenue
had been exhausted in that country, and the Gov-
ernment was now compelled to resort to that last
of measures—the income tax. Here was the ex-
perience of England to prove that imposts were
not efficient. He bpgged gentlemen who consid-
eied them so, to read the report of Mr. Randolph,
when it was proposed t-i supply the treasury by
means of impos s, aad when Pennsylvania was in
a .«'ate cf reoellion. Tint report slated the cost of
collecting imposts at thirly-ii/e per cent. Was
any one prepared to sanction that rait?
If, then, as he had endeavored to show, the sys-
tem of imposts could uot be adw.'tairpousíy adopt-
ed, there was but one oUi r mo !e in wlveh revenue
for the pub'Sc tr>>asurv could be raised—and that
was, by impo:ing danés upe n iorei;a imports, as
contemplated in this rail. Of she nine hundred
millions of revena? collec'ed by our Government,
seven hundred and fony-Mx were received from
duties. He thought no further argument was
necessary to show lhat this was the be-.t mode of
ra'sini revenue to carry on our Government.
The next ques'ion was, whether the bill was
sufficient to supply the wants of the treasury.
Here he would stau thrtitwas, in substance, the
proj *t oí he Secretary of t'e Treasury; though al-
tered in some of ii-s d.'tails, aod a s;ci-on added at
ih-j end, by th° committer, wO provuio for future
legislation. The amour.t es imatecLto accrue was
about the sarae as that according to ¡he Secretary's
bill. The Secretary took the impcrts < f 1840 as
the ba'-is of his calculation, and estimated the re-
ceipts as follow.;
Total receipts from duties     -           - #32,608,000
Expenses of collection and drawbacks    5,16ü,0í'0
Net revenue     -           -           -   -27,448,000
He regretted the Secretary did not yve the arti-
cles in detail, on which drawbacks \v?re to be al-
lowed, and  the amount, of the ditfeiei-t items
