806
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
making up the sum which hi J to be deducted from
the gross receipts.. All good  were liable to be ex-
poned, and to have a drawback. Thus, there was
always in reality less revenue collected than there
appeared to be.
But, although the Secretary had calculated with
feare the amount to be received from the opera'ion
of this bill, and though he conceded that the low-
est year harLbcen taken for a basi% yet he thought
the House could no' altogether rely on the calcula-
tions which were submitted to it.   The amount of
imports into the country in 1840 wa<s $107,000,000;
and the average amount of the seven preceding
years, $141,000,000.   Though there was th s large
discrepancy between the two amounts, and it might
seem that the imports would always be rqual to
the standard of 1840, he still feared the bill could
not be relied on to produce the necessary amount
of revenue.   The excessive importation which had
happened during a few of the past seven years,
was owing to various causes; such, for instance,
as the great fire in New York, which ccnsumed so
many goods that their places had to be supplied by
fresh importations.    Duung some of those years,
prices were high and money abundant; and therefore
th« value of the imports was swelled considerably.
At present, however, importation  of goods was
chscked.   Where was the man who did not wear
his coat longer now than formerly, and who dtd
not economize in every way he couldl Such would
inevitably be the case until prosperity was fully re-
stored m the country.   Yet it was thought that the
receipts fromcustoras would amount to $27,000,000
per annum, from the operation of this bill.   If any
one would look at the receipts, and see how, du-
ring past years, they had varied from  thirteen to
twenty-four rmlhons, he must be satisfied that it
was impossible to make an accurate calculation of
the receipts according to any one year, but < nly by
a series of years.    Assuming, however, that this
bill would produce   from twenty-five  to  twenty-
seven millions, it was unnecessary to discuss it
further, unless gentlemen could show that it might
be amended so as to produce more.
He thought it needless to discuss the question of
protection. As a measure of revenue only, did
he desire the bill to be c «nsidered. Tnough gen-
tlemen might seek a reducuon of some ot the du
ties imposed, on ihe ground that they affoided pro-
tection to our manufactures, he yet thought it right
to protect, when it could be done advantageously.
He would not legislate for Eurone, but for the in-
terests of his own country, which he preferred to
all the world. It all restraint upon trade was do'ie
away with here, as well as elsewhere, and we
could be sure of a conlinupnce of pe>ce, it would
be dec dtdiy moie advantageous for each country
to produce wn<tt it coti'd best, to sed its produc-
tions where it could get most money, and to buy
where goods were cheapest. Tins was a beautiful
and a correct theory, if we could have it in opera-
tion.
But it was said by the advocates of free trade,
that the duties on imports gave the preference to
the manufactures of the East. This was not so.
Suppooe a high duty is plated on cotton-cloth, to
protect the manufacluui , so as to piolnbit its im-
portation alligator, the (oust qui ore would be,
tnat many men won d < ,i , uno tL- bn uies?, on
aecountof the --upp< ici' waht, Co'^p tuouwoull
ttVn become sj grxat, thai ne pro e'-tion won d
amount to no hmg The e du'its, iucn, *onld *>ot
be 'or the benefit oi >n> mammae uRis only, o i'
of the vhole nation He could not now <-ay when
it was- pioper to eoeourage, ard when not, yet he
thought it utiRise not to encturage neco.s rv ar-
ticles, and !" reby make ourselves mdep'-.o-nt >f
case of war. There were many ar 'des of cío h ng
and cf food ind¡spensao'<. to the country, tor which
we wouid find it «co'.oin cal tona/r^tbir more
now, in bem  arile to obtain them si i ?nd when
war came uoon ur, and our y riS nere co^el to
foreign imp rU* r¡s He illuMr.KI tne iVa hy
referring to the art,y ?r> i navj, hjon e h oh the
nation expended <-o mucb n peace, that ¡hey ii s?'it
be ready for war
There was another case m which he thought
•w  should give protection to our own production ,—
¡ifca & case, he regretted to say, which occurred but
too often It was, when our productions were ex-
cluded from the markets of other countries by
foreign legislation. Our agriculturists, occup.ing
a boundless territory, were willing to send out their
productions to England, and to receive in return
various articles which they wanted, and were
obliged to have. But England—who supplied
them with cloth, and other manufactures—refused
to receive the products of their labor, and com-
pelled them to pay specie for what she furnished
them. He thought the shield of our Government
should be m erposed to protect these interests, and
meet restriction with restriction. He did not deny
Great Britain the power to impose these restric-
tions. It was a national, sovereign right, under
which she acted This country, however, should,
by countervailing legislation, create that market
which she refused to grant.
He appealed to experience to show that all—
even those who advocated a tariff solely for reve-
nues-must di«criminate between different articles.
On  costly   article , for instance—articles which
were small m bulk, and could be concealed, as
watches—a srrall duty was always imposed, be-
cause a high one. admitted too great opportunity of
fraud.   England and Fiance both admitted dia-
monds duty free.   The same principle applied to
jewelery and laces, wh'ch might be easily smug-
gled in witheut paying duty.   TVre was another
rule, too, by which discriminations were made,
and which he expected many of the anti-tariff men
heie would follow.   It was in leierence to artic'es
produced in oar own country, on which a high
duty could not be levied with advantage; because,
if a high duty was placed on such, the consequence
wohM be that the home production would supply
the market, and the toieign be entirely prohibited
It was, indeed, a strange phenomenon which  we
now saw in England—a leader m Parliament com-
ing forward and declaring that no duties should
be imposed above 20 per cent.   Considering the
pa-it history of England with respect, this circum-
stance reminded him of the saying of Solomon,
who, having passed thiough a long lile of excesses,
at tne end of it declared that alivias vanity, vanity.
[Laugh er ]    He had  observed the cautious re-
serve of Sir Robert Peel m relation to the duty on
sugar.    He weu'd explain the  reason of this re-
serve, and show why it wa¿. that Sir Robert Peel,
though proposing reductions on ether articles, said
nothing about this:—England was too cold to pro-
duce  ugar.    There could  be  no competition at
home; and, therefore, as it must be brought in, it
might be taxed to any extent.    This was why the
Premier did not explain.    From  the English re-
port, it appeared th&t ¿£22 000 000 was collected
trom duties on mports in 1840    It was a remark-
ab1'  fac, that one-hilf uf the  sum  was derived
irom three ar ides— ea, tobacco,  and sugar     If
the h'gh duties on these articles could enabb Eng-
land to produce them, she would do it.    But it was
imposjthle.   The tobacco of the gen leman from
Virginia would not be taxed 1 000 per cent, if ihe
soil of England could produce that atocle.
In the present bill, he thought no duty was too
high to defe-it he o'^'ct ot providing a revenue
adequate to tne wir> s if the Governrrent If any
gentleman could --how that any article w?s taxed
too h'gh., ¡e \i uld vote for a reduction in the duly
Mr ROOSEVELT ir.qu.red whe h°r some ef
t"> ra> s of duly proposed by tie bill were rot so
hu'h as n dim rmb, instead of increasing, ihereve-
i tie c t X'-e ctunrry?
M' FILLMORE sa d it m ght be'he case, but
he v.v.1 rot aware of i . He woa'ci not go for
s eh a hi h duty on foreign uianii^c uies as
voijld flood tne country v iih <urown,and thereby
breaii tbera down, but would advocate .he iow-st
du'/co ->.i tent with their pio*p nty. He nl'ed
the a nfon of the commn'ee to the fac', that tre
"veiu  bi'l of 1832, as modified by tl c b 11 of
1833, had not piod c"d enougn ot re ye  re to
carry on the Go"ernmenf. ¡r was a fart, that the
ievii .IP from diiiies eq ?l'ed th<> expenditures of
¡ho Government but one year. He would slate
the au'ount of receipts from customs, together
with the amount of public expenditures each year,
from 1834 to 1340:
In 1834,
1835,
1836,
1837,
1838,
1339,
1840,
Receipts.
|16,000,000
19 000,000
23,000,000
11,000 000
16 000,000
23,000,000
13,000,000
Expendnureo
i 18,000,000
17,010 000
29,000,000
31,000 000
31,000 000
25 000,000
22,000,000
Here V?as the result or the wis1 legislation by
which our duties were reduced; showing that, du-
ring seven years, our receipts from them were but
1122,000,000, whilst the cost of the Government du-
ring that period was #176,000,000; making an av-
erage excess oí $7,000,000 per annum. From this,
he concluded that the gieatest difficulty would be
encountered in arranging the duties so as to get the
highest amount of revenue.
In relation to protection, he would add, that a
distinction should be drawn between protection at
first and afterwards It was a voluntary act on the
part of the Government to encourage manufactures
at first—an act which might be detei mined on, or
not, according to the pleasure of those having pos-
session of the Government. But when protection
came to be considered proper, and was afforded, the
faith of the nation was pledged; and no blow should
be struck at the manufacturers who commenced
their enterprises calculating upon the continuance
of protection from the Government.
Another question was, as to the mode m which
these duties should be levied. It was known to the
House that there were two modes of imposing du-
ties, one was on the value of ihe ai'icle, and the
other was specific. Now, he was aware that
there was a feeling in the community, since the
adoption of the compromise act, in favor of ad
valorem duties; and that many strong reasons
might be given in their favor. But experience had
shown that they had, at times, led to the most inju-
rious results; and therefore, in the tariffs of every
country in Europe, the duties were specific on
almost every article. One of the reasons against
ad valorem duties, and in favor of specific duties,
was, that the former offered strong inducements to
fraudulent invoices. Indeed, it had become an
every-day practice to make out two invoices—one
for the custom-house, and the other for the con-
signee; and tha consequence was, that not only
was the revenue defrauded, but tbe fair trader was
greatly miured in his business. Under all the con-
siderations applicable to the subject, he had come
to the conclusion that specific duties were prefer-
able.
There was one other subject to which be wished
to call the attention of the committee. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury had recommended that the
duties should be collected in cash; and the commit-
tee had come to the conclusion to adopt that sys-
tem. Mr. F. then went on to give the reasons
wny the cash system should be adopted; and, at
the same time, showed tbe disadvantages of the
credit system, which, he said, had involved os in
debt and embarrassment He was, however, in
favor of a modified warehousing system, by which
seme indulgence would be extended to the im-
porter. Mr. F. then expla'ned the warehousing
system of Great Britain, and showed the extent to
which it might be judiciou'ly carried m this coun-
try, angering the objections that had been urged
against it. After a few more lernarks on the sub-
ject of wool, the duty on which the committee pro-
posed to put at 30 per cent., Mr F. concluded bis
remarks
Mr. HABERSHAM moved, a  an amendment
to the amendment of Mr. Saltonstall, to strike
out and insert tbe bill included m the minority re-
port of the Commit'ee on Manufactures.
Mr EVERETT suggested that the reading of
the amendment of the gentleman from ©eorgia be
dispensed v ah and lhat it be printed.
Mr UNDERWOOD suggested that the amend-
ment of the gen leman from Georgia be printed,
and that, by general consent, the present bill be
laid acide, foi the purpose of ac mg on some
skis lie r bills for the balance of the day.
Mr HABERSHAM said, that a  he was en-
titled to the floor on his amendment, he proposed
to follow it up with some explanations and some
remarks on the bill it was proposed to amend; but
