his honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Saltonstall,] who had offered, the first amend-
ment, had not yet had an opportunity of being
heard on it¡ and he would, therefore, if the bill was
postponed, yield the floor to that gentleman* with
the understanding that he should hare it when he
had concluded.
Mr. BRIGGS hoped that, by general consent,
the bill would be ¡aid aside for to-day, and some
other bill taken up,
Mr. BLACK moved that the committee rise;
■which motion was negatived—ayes 49, noes 75.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the tariff
bill was laid aside for to-day; and the committee
took up the bill ¡o revive and continue in force the
act authorizing the issuing of warrants for military
bounty lands due to the soldiers of the late war
with Great Britain.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to amend the bill, by
adding a section appropriating 599,000 acres, for the
purpose of satisfying outstanding Virginia military
land warrants.
Mr. BRIGGS objected that the amendment was
out of order; and after a discussion, in which
Messrs. GOGGIN and UNDERWOOD took part,
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
out of order.
Mr. GOGGIN appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and addressed the committee on his ap-
peal; and,
After a few words from Messrs. UNDERWOOD
and BRIQQS,
The decision of the Chair was sustained as the
judgment of the House.
The bill was then laid aside to he reported to the
House.
The committee next took up, on the motion of
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, the bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
Mr. GW1N then said that this appeared to be a
very important bill; and he moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania made some ob-
servations in support of the motion; in the course
of which, he said a report on an important matter
connected with the subject would be in the H >use
to-morrow; and, without it, the committee could
not proceed satisfactorily.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, having made a few ob-
servations in explanation of the necessity of a
speedy passage of this bill—
The committee rose, and reported to the House.
The bill first acted upon in committee, and re-
ported to the House, was then read a third time
and passed.
Mr. HABERSHAM moved the printing of the
amendment to the tariff bill which he submitted in
Committee of the Whole. The motion was
agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 10, 1842.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from New-
castle, Maine, remonstrating against the pavsage of
the bill to alter and rx'end the Wn-casset collec-
tion dtstrict so as to include that place; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a me >:orial, nu-
merously signed by the workmen employed in the
different manufactories in Manayunk, Pennsylva-
nia. The memorialists represent their situation as
deplorable, and ask Congress to pass a tariff bill,
to raise adequate revenue for the support of Gov-
ernment, and to give incidental proieetion to the
manufacturers, and enable them to exist: referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial from citizens of
Pennsjlvania, similar to others heretofore preicst-
ed by him, complaining of the operations of ihe
tariff act of 1833, and asking protection: referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial, which, he said,
he supposed must have been lying in his drawer
for some time, covered by other papers. It would
now be presented out of time. The memorial
was from Philadelphia, stating the great import-
CONGRESSIONAL GL0E.
anee of fortifying some position on the Gulf of
Mexico, to protect that section of the American
coast The memorialists stjtte that n¿ '¿iae should
be lest in putting in the tojii posare state of de-
fence that portion of our frontier $hich borders on
the Gulf of Mexico. Of oitr wbjSle line of fron-
tier, no one portion sustain^ a d/eper interest than
that which embraces the moutjis of the Mississip-
pi, Alabama, and Chatahoocwe rivers; and in the
event of a misunderstanding with a foreign mari-
time power, at no point would the enemy be so
sure to rendezvous as at that; while he could at
once shut up, or cut off, a vast portion of our trade;
and at the same time dangerously threaten the se-
curity of oar valuable citizens in the possession of
their domestic property, guarantied to them by the
highest sanctions of the Constitufcn 
Mr. B. said the memorial was extremely well
drawn, and places ihe necessity of fortifying that
coast of the Union in the strongest light. He
moved to refer it to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. PRESTON was glad to see that that portion
of the Union was impressed with the importance
of fortifying this frontier. He was pleased at the
interest which seemed to be manifested by the me-
morialists. He regretted that heretofore sufficient
progress had not been made in works which were
indispensable to give protection to the vast interest
involved in that wealthy region of the Union. He
remarked, however, that ihe proper department
had, a year ago, ordered a military reconnoissar.ee,
to be executed with the utmost possible accuracy,
by a competent and responsible officer, with a view
to permanent works there, to effect the objects of
the memorial. To understand the extent of the de-
fences demanded at or near the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, to give protection to the coast, this military
rcconnoissance was deemed necessary. When a re-
port of it was laid before the country in an authen-
tic form, he had no doubt an efficient system of for-
tifications would be adopted. Mr. P. then dwelt at
much length on the plan of defences, and gave his
views as to where would be the proper point to
commence. He said that hi« plan would be, first,
to push the works at the Dry Tortugas; and, when
they were completed, to forward the works, with all
expedition, which were essential to the fortification
of ¡he whole Gulf of Mexico.
He thea spoke of the designs of England, and her
policy with reference to possessing herself of the
island of Cuba. He had heard the rumor of her
designs on Cuba, and, after making inquiries in
proper quarters, and obtaining information from
authentic sources, he was satisfied that there exist-
ed no such design. After reflecting on her policy
with referenca to emancipation of the negroes in
the West Indies, he thought that it was improba-
re that England would ever attempt to take pos-
session of Cuba. It would be inimical to her in-
terests, and destructive of her policy, to do so.
Mr. P. again stated that the attention of the proper
department was directed to the subject of fortifying
th- Gulf coast; that it manifested much interest and
zeal upon the subject; and, he had no doubt, so
soon as the mih'ary reconnoi'-fance was completed,
that proper efforts would be made to giv« ample
protection and security to the vast interests in-
volved in that scct'on of the Union.
Mr. HENDERSON d.ffeied with Mr. Preston
as to the pr.'pt point to commence works to give
protcttion to tíi  Misí'ssippi country. He said
that that Senator's vie-vs upon the subject had the
tendency of those of the mere politician. It was
ail a Florida business. The Senator ñom South
Carolina had given ¡he preference to St. Joseph's
for a naval depot, yet contended ihat the great na-
val rendezvous should be at Key West. Now he
(Mr. Henderson) differed entirely upon that point.
You m ghi just as well establish a naval depot at
Port-mouth, New Hampshire, to give n-ctec ¡on
to New York, r.' to establish a naval depot at Key
West to protec: the co.'nmfrce of the Missi^iopi
valley. To give proper protection, he maintained
that !h= fortifications •-hotild be nearer the source
of commerce; and that the naval depot should be
at Ship Island harbor, where the means of con-
struction for vessels could be had with greater fa-
cility than at any other point.   He said they must
m
at last have the naval establishment near the point
whence the commerce flows.
Mr. PRESTON made some further remarks,
showing the advantages of Key West (which, he
said, was only 8 hours' run by steamboat to Ha-
vana,) as compared with other points, but at last
giving the preference to St. Joseph's for a depot 
Mr. KING remarked that the chairman of Mili-
tary Affairs expressed his great anxiety for ths
establishment of fortifications for the security of
our shipping on the Gulf. That it was of the first
importance, every Senator who looked at that coast
would be perfect'y convinced.
Mr. K. said that the nature of the population
there, the immense commerce, and great wealth of
that region, rendered it of the first importance that
the attention of this Government should be «ailed to
the subject; and that such a naval station should be
established there, as would enable us to defend and,
protect our commerce, and to build and repair out
vessels. Until it was done, and the Gulf was prop-
erly defended, there would be no security for the
commerce of this immense region, or security for
its population.
The question is, (said Mr. K.,) where shall we be*
gin these defences? We have ho naval statiofi
there. When a vessel on the coast loses her
mast, or is crippled in her hull, what is the conse-
quence? She must be either destroyed or towed
across the Atlantic, to Philadelphia or New York
to be repaired—and that, too, at the risk of the
lives of all those engaged in such a trip; for such a
thing as ihe repair of a vessel cannot take place
on the Gulf. He thought that a survey, with ref-
erence to erecting proper fortifications, should pro-
gress rapidly; but as to the triangular sur-
vey the Senator from South Carolina talked of,
he would ask whether the people of that country
were to be amused for twenty or thirty years be 
fore we can in practice touch a place where we
may even commence to protect the Southern coun-
try? Su'ely this could be done without waiting
for this triangular survey. AH that we wanted at
present was, that sueh a survey should take place
as would enable a choice to be made for a suitable
location for fortifications. For this purpose, it was
only necessary at present that a survey might be
made by some competent officer, to enable the Gov-
ernment to fix on a site. He hoped, however,
the time was not far distant when the Govern-
ment would commence such a survey on the Gulf
as had been commenced on the Eastern coast.
As to a proper location for a naral depot, he
was not prepared to fix upon a place. Although
be had received many communications in favor of
St. Joseph's, he confessed that his mind had not
bees brought to the conc'us.oti that it was the most
eligible site. A 1 he wanted was, that when this
matter, with the reports of the survey?, was
referred to the Military Committee, that they
would report in favor of such survey as was made
by a competent officer, and would secure the selec-
tion of proper sites for the naval depot and fortifi-
cations; and, when that was done, that they should
take speedy measures to carry them into opera-
tion by adequate appropriations. If this was not
done speedily, we would be utterly defenceless on
the whole Gulf coast, and the property in the rich
and luxuriant valley of the great Mississippi would
be lotally insecure, in case of war with any for-
eign power; and gentlemen who are now luke-
warm might then have much cause to regret that
they were not more impressed with the importance
of Gulf defence?, and more speedy in their action
to cin unima'e that object. Tie would go for such
an expenditure of money as would give security to
all the interests involved in the defences of that
coa°t.
Mr. BARROW said he W5s not in the babit of
i consuming   the  time of the Senate unnecessarily;
II  but  be felt it  necessary to say this much, and  no
|'|  more—thai  they liad bren long enough  lulled   to
sleep, ard deluded by splendid schemes' in the fu-
!   ture lor ihe defences of the Southern coast and
i   Gulf of Mexico.   He would call the attention of
I   the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs [Mr. Preston] to the appropriation bills from
the House for the army and  navy.   He (Mr. B.)
had examined those bills, the provisions of which
