CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6&
that of equalizing" the representative population.
The two should never be separated. It would be
tyranny to separate them. If ihey could not trust
the States to district themselves, neither eould they
trust them to equalize the districts. He (Mr. W.)
Vas willing to trust them to do both; and he only
desired to be permitted to trust his own State, The
bill did not permit the Sta:es to determine wheiher
they should be districted or not; but they were per-
mitted to make them in such manner as ihey thought
proper.
The Senate, acting in its constitutional capacity
as a co-ordinale branch of the Government, had
recalled yesterday the action of the previous day;
and, to-day, the action of yesteiday was recalled.
He talked not of caucuses or conventions, or the
control of opinions from any quarter. He merely
stated the fact as it required to be stated, and it
should be brought fairly before the country. And
he would ask, on what principle was it that gen-
tlemen required them to trust the State Legisla-
tures in one case, and refuse to trust ¡hern m the
other? But they were told by the Senator from
Virginia that they were all in the wrong, because
they had refused to vote m favor of reconsidering
the vole of the Senate upon (he engrossment of the
bill? and that they were not at liberty to call gen-
tlemen to account for inconsistency, (which he did
not fúean to do now.) in consequence of that vote.
If the Senator would permit his mind for one mo-
ment to be turned to the subject, he would justify
them in the course they had pursued. Could they
be ignorant of the purpose of the reconsideration—
that it was to make the bill worse for us. than it was
at the moment when we voted against it? Where
■was the inconsistency m endeavoring to keep as
little an amount of evil as possible? These were
the views which had governed ihe minority.
While it was democra'ic to enforce the distuct
system, he thought it was quite as democratic to
carry the principle of equalization of population
along with it.
Mr. TALLMADGE had avoided discussion.
He had risen in reference to what his colleague
and the Senator from New Hampshire had said
■with regard to trusting the Slates in one thing, not
having trusted them in another. Now, the whole
of this was gratuitous. The only requirement
made was, that the Stales should have single dis-
tricts. They would be put to great inconvenience
by divisions of counties. They would themselves
prefer not being thus embarrassed.
Mr. WOODBURY observed that it was neces-
sary for the Senators on the other side to preserve
their consistency, by striking out the rule in rela-
tion to contiguous territory.
There was one idea which it might be well for
the Senate to reflect upon. It was now generally
conceded on all sides, ¡hat the States only asserted
their undoubted right of instructing their repre-
sentatives in Congress. Yet here was an assump-
tion of the right, va the part of Congress, to in-
struct the State Legislatures on the subject of di-
visions of territory; and suiely, if it was right to do
this, consistency reqmrpd ¡hat the instructions
should extend to the division of the population in-
habiting the territory, as well as to the lenitory
itself.   Consistency required this.
Mr. TALLMADGE denied that there was any
instruction; it was a duty enjoined on the States by
the Constitution.
Mr. BAYARD wished merely to state the case
in the aspect in which it presented itself to Mm.
The Senator from Missouri thinks the clause in
the bill "rams the Stales into the earth." He ar-
gues that there is an impossibility of carrying it
out. The first proposition of the bill, is that there
shall be as many districts in the State as Represent-
atives; that they shall be composed of contiguous
territory; and the amendment requires thai the pop-
ulation of the districts shall be, as neai ly as practi-
cable, equal.
Th« population of New Hampshire consists of
501,793 inhabitants. She has 7 Representatives: if
the Representatives be divided into the population,
there would be 71,634— leaving, for each, a balance
of 5—a fraction to be divided among the 7, which
could not bs done. It would require the husband
and wife tobe separated; and even then the divis-
ion would not be complete. Hence, the impossi-
bility of the division required. There would be no
reference to territorial convenience, but to num-
bers; and as numbers are divisible down to one,
the Legislatures would be compelled to divide fam-
ilies, to come to "the division as near as may be"
—that is, a division dependent on numbers. Was
it, he would ask, so surprising that gentlemen, af-
ter having acted on the subject, without seeing the
import of the word, should, on seeing evil, wish to
reconsider their voie? He had voted against the
amendment, and he had no inconsistency to rec-"
oncile. But he saw no inconsistency in those who
did.
The Senator from Alabama asks, if this is not a
mandate, or an order, what is it? The answer is,
that it is a law, which the States are bound, by
their duty to the Constitution, to carry out; and
that is the answer.
Mr. WALKER observed that the rule was to be
judged of by the Legislatures, and they would see
ihe practicability of its application. This prin-
ciple, and the objections of the Senator from Del-
aware, were discussed and reported upon a month
ago; and yet now it is brought forward as a new
discovery—found out since yesterday—as a small
excuse for reconsidering the vote on this amend-
ment. The Senator from Rhode Island had ac-
cused him of inconsistency, and had referred to his
vote and ¡he jeas and nays on the amendment of
¡he Judiciary Committee. If the question then at
issue was ¡he same in principle, it was decided by
a vote of 40 yeas and only 4 nays. Yesterday the
vote was 30 yeas and 10 nays. If there was in-
consistency m these votes, let the lists be examined,
that it may be seen what Senators were inconsist-
ent. He believed a majority of them would be
found to be most worthy and enlightened members
of ihe Whig party. He had drawn up an amend-
ment, which he would read and propose, should
this vote be reconsidered.
The Legislature of Mississippi have voted to in-
struct its Senators to vote for a general-ticket sys-
tem; and now their Senators are required to turn
round and instruct their own Legislstuie. All ac-
knowledged the right of instruction—but it is that
of the principal to the agent, not the agent to the
principal.
Mr. BAYARD observed that the object was to
strike out the amendment simply, in order to pre-
vent ambiguity.    He further explained the matter.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped it would not be con-
sidered disrespectful of him to ask that the bill be
passed this evening. He had received communica-
tions lhat the Legislature of Pennsylvania was
waiting the action of Congress.
Mr. SEVIER asked, if the motion te reconsider
prevailed, would the bill be before the Señale in a
condition to admit of amendments ?
The CHAIR explained that it would.
Mr. SEVIER would, in that case, move to ad-
journ.
The question was put on the adjournment, and
decided m the negative.
Mr. CUTHBERT said he doubted whether he
ought to make the statement which a sense of duly
urged him to make, lest he should still further in-
flame the minds of gentlemen opposite; because
they seemed already sufficiently inflammable, when
statements or allusions were made on that floor as
to the manner in which this enactment would be
treated by the Slates. Yet, on the other hand,
there was a duty to be performed, which must be
paramount lo any considerations of personal of-
fence. He wished it to be understood that be in-
tended nothing like menace. But he would say
this—that he most sincerely believed, from state-
meiits which he had received from his own S'ate,
mat that Stale would proceed to elect her members
by general ticket in October next; and he appealed
to his honorable colleague to say whether that was
rot also his belief.
Mr. BERRIEN replied, that ihe only informa-
tion be haj loon the subject had been derived
from his honorable colleague [Sár. Ccthbert]
himself.
Mr. CUTHBERT reiterated his own belief lhat
such would be the course taken by the State of
Georgia; and he believed the fact was very well
known by the members from that Slate in the other
House. The Senate, then, having this statement
before them, must be aware that a collision would
take place between that State and the Geneial
Government. They were now urged by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania to proceed with this bill and.,,
pass it at once, because it was connected with
action on the part of the State Legislatures, by
whom the law must be perfected and carried inio
effect. Did not this present a very strong reason
why the amendment to the second section of this
bill should not have been made at this lime? The
section itself made a material change in the organ-
ization of the Government. It was connected,
therefore, with a subject as pressing in its exigency
as that of time.
He was not in the enjoyment of that state of
health which would enable him to take much part
in the discussion; and he had, therefore, left the
matter to his colleague, who was better able than
himself to convince, if arguments were capable
of convincing the Senate. The ability of his hon-
orable colleague had given him reason to hope that
the earnest and full expression of the view he
entertained—such as he had made to the Senate—
would have its due ■ influence. It was for these
reasons that he (Mr. C.) had abstained from par-
ticipating in the discussion^ as it proceeded. Bat
he regretted to perceive that the result had been
different from his expectations.
He would not, for his life, say a taunting thing
which would indispose gentlemen on the other
side to take that view of the subject which it was,
in his opinion, important to the country that th.-y
should take. He appealed to the Senator on the
other side—who had undoubtedly strong atiachments
to ihe State of Georgia—who had numerous friends
in that Siate—whether he owed nothing to ¡hat
State and those friends. Would the Senator be
willing to see a collision take place between that
Slate and the General Government? He appealed
to the Senator from Virginia, who stands in the
same relation towards that State. Did he desire
to see that State, which had been called the young
Virginia, brought into collision with this Govern-
ment? He appealed to other Senators to say
whether the very idea of the impenamg collision,
if this bill were passed, was not abhorrent. There
were views of this subject very stron« and very
impressive—vistas in prospective—«hich, if feel-
ingly disclosed by the powers of intellect, the keen-
ness of research and of investigation which his
honorable colleague possessed, it would not be pos-
sible for the Senate to resist.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, the Senator
from Mississippi, and the Senator from New
Hampshire, who once held the golden wand, all
urged the Senate on to action. But he (Mr. C.)
would be very glad if, instead of so much precipi-
tation, those jast and worthy men—whose freedom
from all perverting causes gives them clear judg-
ments on all these matters—whose consciences are
pure and unsullied, undisturbed by the strong de-
sires of ambition, (though motives had been urged
within this Hall and out of it; as to them, he had
nothing to do.) It was well enough that parties
should act in unison; that sort of harmony of ac-
tion was demanded often, in the pursuit of high ob-
jects; but he would have been glad had those good
and worihy men, in the exercise of their judgments,
released Georgia and other States from fhs un-
fortunate condition in which they will be placed by
this bill.
The question now being on the motion of Mr.
Wiiite to reconsider the amendment of Mr. Ben-
ton, providing that Ihe districts shall be, :s near
as practicable, equal in the number of their inhabit-
ants—
' Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the vole being taken, re-
sulted in the affirmative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate
Conrad, Crafts. Evans, Graham, Henderson, Kerr,, Mangum,
Met rick, Miller,'Morehead, Phelps, Poitei,Preston, Ri w, aun-
mona, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbndge—£5.                     „                    „   ,
NAYS-ÍMessrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Cutbbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts. Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—20.
The question then recurred on. concurring m\\\
