6i4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Commuiee of the Whole, in tbe amendment
'jiMriCon   dereii; wnen
Mr. KINS said, in order to avoid the difficulties
•which the Senator fiom Delaware had apprehended
—that counties, cities, and evenfamiltes, would have
lo be divided, to conform to the proviso just recon-
sidered—be proposed to amend the proviso to the
effect that, m making ih% districts, as near as
practicable, equal in the number of their inhabit-
ants, no one shoald contain a number of persons
entitled to representation which should exceed, or
fall short, 5,000 of the ratio fixed by this bill.
Mr. MERRICK observed that such an amend-
ment would not answer at all in a State entitled to
an additional Representative for a fraction exceed-
ing a moiety oí the ratio, and that it conflicted
with that provision.
At the suggestion of Messrs. WALKER and
WOODBURY,
Mr. KING, to prevent the amendment conflict-
ing with the fractional representation, modified it
so that no district should be so far unequal in the
number of inhabitant: as to exceed 5,000.
Mr. KING demanded the yeas and nays on this
amendment, which were ordered, and the question
being put, it was determined in the negative, by
yeas 19, nays 24, as follow:
YEAS—Mes&rs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Bernen, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Smith of Connecu
cut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walkei, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbu-
ry, Wright, and Voung—19
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Conrad, Crafts, Evans, Giaham, Kerr, Mangum, Meruck, Mil
ler, Morehead, Phelps, Potter, Pieston, Rives, Simmons,Smith
of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White,and Woodbndge—24.
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the proviso be so
amended that the population of one district should
not exceed another by 10,000 persons; and on that
motion demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered; and the question being put, the amend-
ment was rejected, by yeas 19, nays 24, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McBobeits, Smith of Connecu
cut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walkei, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barioff, Bates, Bayard, Choato,
Conrad, Crafts, Evans, Graham, Kerr, Mangum, Meirick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rives, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tdllmadge, While, and Wood
bridge—21
Mr. BENTON said it was manifest that the bill
could not be got through this evening, therefore he
moved that the Señale adjourn; and the question
was put, and the motion was negatived without a
division.
Mr. BENTON then moved to amend the proviso
so that the quantity of population in one district
should not exceed that of another more 20,000
persons.
Mr. BARROW wished to put an end to this
mode of proceeding; and he would therefore ask,
if this amendment was adopted, whether this ques-
tion would come up on the amendment as amend-
ed, without any further amendment?
The CHAIR said it would.
Mr. BARROW said he would, in that case, vote
in the affirmative on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays;
and resulted in the affirmative, by yeas 23, nays 18,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Birrow, Benton, Beruen,
Buchanan, Conrad, Cuthbeit, Evans, Fulton, Graham, King,
Linn, McRoberts,Mangum, Preston, ¡smithof Connecticut, Tip
pan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, and Young—23
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Ctaits,Ken,
Merrirk, Morehead, Phelps, Poittr, Rives, Simmons, Smith
ot Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, Woodbndge, and
Wnght-18.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended; which was read, as follows:
"Provided^ [m forming: the congiessional districts of contig-
uous territory,) That such districts shall be, as neat ly as prac-
ticable, equal m the number of their inhabitants, no one district
exceeding another in representative population more than
twenty thousand persons "
I'he question was tak^n on the above by yeas
ani nays; and it was rejected by yeas 19, nays 24,
as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagl Benton, Beuien, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McBoberts, Smith of Connecu-
cut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Wijlwms, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19.
HAYS.—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
P*«3> Crafts, Evans, Grahap, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Mil-
*S% «sBksad, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Hives, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
budge—24.
Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment, the
purport of which was, that all the States should be
exempted from the provisions of (fee second section,
where it would be necessary to .incur the expense
of an extra session to carry it out.
The CHAIR [Mr. Masgdm] ruled the proposed
amendment out of order.
Mr. WALKER submitted an amendment, on
which he called the yea* and nays; wh.ch was
read, as follows :
Piovided, That so much of this act as dnects the State
Legislatures to divide the respective Slates into dtstucts, shall
be regarded as directory only, Congress not assuming the
power to instruct the State Legislatures
Tne yeas and nays were ordered; ana, the ques-
tion having been put, the proposed amendment
was rejected by the following vote—yeas 19, nays
25:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Cuthbeit, Ttilion, King, Lmn, Mcllobert , Smith of Connecu
cut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19
NAYS—Messrs Archei, Barrow, Bates Bayard, Choate,
Conrad, Crafts, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Manauffi,
Merrick, Milter, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbndge—26
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out the second
section of the b.ll.
The CHAIR ruled that the proposition was out
ofordei; the question having been taken on yes-
terday on the same proposition.
Mr. ALLEN was understood to say the ques-
tion had not been taken on it since the reconsider-
ation, voted by the caucus, was carried in ihe Sen-
ate. He, however, modified the mouon, by mov-
ing to strike out all of the second section after the
word "and;" the effect of wh ch motion would be,
if carried, to leave the States to exercise their own
discretion, as they had heretofore done, as to the
manner of election.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
resulted in the negative—yeas 19, nays 24, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen Bagby, Benton, Beinen, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McBobeits Smith of Connecti-
cut, Sturgeon, tappan, Walkei, Wilcox, William*, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young~19
NAYS —Messrs Atelier, Barrow, Bates, Bayard Choate,
Conrad, Ciafts, Lvans, Giabam, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Pouer, Prtston, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, i-prague, Tillmadge, White, and Wood
bridge—24
The bill was then ordered lo a third reading,
and having been read the third time, and the ques-
tion now being, Shall ihe bill pass?
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays on
that question, which were ordered. The question
wa* put, and the bill was passed in the affirmative
by a vote of yeas 25, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aicher, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Coniad, Cttfts, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Keir, Mangum,
Mernck, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Poitei, Preston, Simmons,
Smith ol Indiana, Spiaguo, ¡stuigcon, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbndge—25
NAYS—Messie Allen, Bagby, Benton, Beruen, Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Kme Linn, McRoberts, Rives, Smith of Con
necticut, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—19
On motion, it having been so determined, the
Ssnate adjourned till Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Friday, June 10, 1842.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL
Mr JOHN T. MASON, on leave, npoited a
bill providing for the sale and transfer of the slock
held by Ihe United States in the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal to ¡be State of Maryland. Mr. M.
moved a reference of the bill to the Committee of
the Whole House, and tha* it be pnn'cd, and made
the order of tne day for to-morrosv, which mouon
prevailing, th  bill was accordingly referred, and
ordered to be printed
Mr EASTMAN pre«enied the petition of Al
fred W Haven, and eighty o'hers, citizens of New
Hampshire, praying lhat articles of hosiery—
such as socks, stockings sh'rts, and drawen—be
included in the revenue bill, under the head of
"ready-made clothing," and be subjected to a duty
of 50 per centum: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. CHARLES BROWN presented the peti-
tion of Charles C. Watson & Son, and five hun-
dred and twenty'twn others, "practical tailors of
the city and county of Philadelphia," praying Con-
gress to impose a "specific duty of at least 50 per
cent " on all "ready-made clothing" imported into
the United Slates
M"-. THOS W. WILLIAMS presented addi-
tional testimony in Ihe case of Daniel Penhallow,
who petitioned for a pension; which was appro-
priately referred
The SPEAKER announced that the regular or-
der of bus>ness was reports from the standing com-
mittees.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill for tbe relief of the
claimants for indemnities received from ihe British
Government for losses of slaves on board the brigs
Comet and Encomium at Nassau, Bahamas: read
twice, referred lo ihe Commillee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
made reports on the petitions of John Drysdale and
James M. Morgan, accompanied by bills for their
relief; which were severally read twice, referred to
the Committee of the Whole House, and, wnh the
reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIRD5EYE, from the same committee,
made a report on the petition of Garret Vliet, ac-
companied by a bill tor his relief; which was read
twice, referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported ihe bill from the Senate, author-
izing the inhabitant of Lake county, Illinois, to
enter a quarter section of land, with amendments;
and the bill was read ihe third time and passed.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH, from the same com-
mittee, made an adverse report on the petition of
the Citizens of Terre Bonne, State of Louisiana,
praying permission to enter their back lands ;
and the report was ordered to be printed, and to he
on the table.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the same committee,
made a report on ihe case of Elisna Moreland,
William M. Kennedy, and o'hers, accompanied by
a bill for their relief; which was twice read, refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported unfavorably on
bill No 44 from the Senate, for the relief of Fran-
cis Harrison.
Mr. B. also, from Ihe same committee, to which
had been referred Ihe petitions of Samuel Slayma-
ker and S. D. Rose, made reports thereon, accompa-
nied by bill  for iheir relief; which were read
twice, referred to the Committee of the Whole,
and, with the reports, ordered to be printed.
Mr JOHN U FLOYD, from the same com-
mittee, mace a report on the petition of Barent
Stryker, accompanied by a bill for his relief, which
was read twice, referred lo the Commutes of
the Whole, and, with the report, ordered to be
punted.
Mr. KENNEDY of Indiana, from the same
committee, made an adverse report on the petition
of Murphy & McKebber; which was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
the Judieiary, to which had been referred the peti-
tion of tbe gentlemen of the bar of Washington,
praying that cosh may be allowed against ihe Gov-
ernment in certain cases, made an adverse report
thereon; which was laid on the table.
Mr. MILTON BROWN, from the same com-
mittee, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Ebenezer Eastman, Simon D. Kettle, and Joseph
Ramsey, which were laid on tne table and ordered
to be printed
Mt STANLY, from the Committee on Public Ex-
penditure , reported a resolution directing Ihe Com-
mntee on Revolutionary Claims to inquire into the
amount and character of the expenditures that
have been made by this Government in satisfaction
of ihe claims for outstanding Virginia land war-
rants; and whether any farther legislation is neces-
sary to secure the Government against loss by
making payment for improper claims.
Mr. GOGGIN moved to amend the resolution, by
