striking oat the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and inserting either a select committee or
the Committee on Public Lands.
He did not, he said, move the proposed amend-
ment because of any want of a proper respect for,
and confidence ins the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims. The chairman of that committee,
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Hall,] it was
well known, however, enteitamed the strongest t>b
jections tb these claims for land bounties. He
(Mr. Q.) had no doubt the gentleman was honest
in the views ne had so often expresbed on this sub-
3ect. His knowledge of that gentleman';, general
bearing in and out of the House forbade hitn to
think otherwue of him. He, [Mr. Hill,] how-
ever, during the last Congress, had made a
most elaboiate report against these claims
that report was now accessible to all The coun-
try, theB, and the House, had bad the benefit of
that gentleman's views, and those of the commit-
tee of which he was chairman He asked them
if it was fair—if it was just to those descendants of
the soldiers of the Revolution, or those of the sol-
diers themselves who survived, that a subject, in-
volving, perhaps, all they had ever to hope for,
should be thus committed to those who had already
expressed an opinio  adverse to their claims ? It
would work, (said he,) perhaps, the grossest mj ustice
to those who, of all others, had a right to expect
from this House that their claims would not be
overlooked or prejudged. They expected justice,
and they asked notning more. The true mode oí
attaining this, lie thought, was to commit this sub
ject to the decision and investigation of those who
had not made up and expressed an opinion. In
the trial of all questions, this was a principle that
had been mo , strictly preserved. He could see
no propriety, therefore, in departing from it in this
particular instance.
Mr. G. said he had, at an early period of
the session, asked to bring this subject up for the
action of the Elouse. He had introduced a bill 10
allow a further quantity of lands, to satisfy the
claims of the officers and soldiers of the revolu-
tionary war from Virginia, to land bounty. He
bad asked its reference, but the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Hall] had then objected, slating he
intended to debate it; and, accord.ng to the course
of business and the rules of the House, it had never
again come up for consideration He feared it
would not; he had therefore sought, on yesterday,
to amend the bill introduced by the gentleman
from Kentucky over %e way, [Mr. UunERwooD,]
to extend the time of issuing land warrant , to the
soldiers of the late war. His amendment, how-
ever, had been declared not properly in order, with
the then pending bill.
As the resolution now offered by the chairman
of the Committee on Public Expenditures [Mr.
Stanly] presented an opportunity ot bringing up
the subject again, he wished it fairly presented to
a proper committee. If a select committee should
be appointed, he dii not himself deaire to be on
the committee; and he had not suggested it with a
view of being, according io the usage of the House,
placed upon it. He thought that when, liereiofore,
the question had come up, it had been n ferred to
the Committee on the Public Lands. In one in-
stance, he recollected thit a favorable report had
been made by the late chairman, [Mr Williams of
North Carolina.] and, as suggested, he said, by a
gentleman near him, [Mr. Reynolds,] who was a
member of the Committee on the Public Lands
during the late Congress, a bul m iavor of making
an additional allowance was reported fiom that
committee, by his colleague, [Mr. Garland.]
Mr. G. =>aid he had not taken an interest in this
subject from his o« n view of i s importance only,
but that it came recommended to all his colleagues,
as well as himself, ih both wiigs of the Capitel.
The Legislature of Virginia had twice, since he had
been here—unanimously, he be íeved—passed reso-
lutions in favor of a fuither appropriation; and
had instructed her Senators, by all fair means, to
procure a further appropriation. He could not,
therefore, consent to its going to a committee ad- 1
verse to the very objects intended to be accom- I
plished.   He would vote for the Committee on the y
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Public Lands, though he preferred a select commit-
tee.
After some further remarks from Messrs. SUM-
MERS, ARNOLD, McKENNAN, WISE, and
GILMER, an amendment was submitted by Mr.
GOODE of Virginia, which Mr. STANLY accept-
ed.   The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. J. COOPER presented a report in reply to
the resolution of the House instructing the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to inquire into the expedi-
ency of repealing the act of 1819 for the civilization
of the Indians, and of discontinuing such annual
appropriations under various treaties with several
of the Indian tribes as are dependent on the dis-
cretion of Congress or the Executive. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Mary McGee and Susan
Pierce, heirs at law of George Netbon;
A bill to revive an act to extend an act for the
relief of John Davlin.
Ihese bilh wer* severally read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr HOWARD, from the Committee on Public
Linds, reported the following bills:
A bill granting a quantity of land for the im-
provement of Grant river, at the town of Potosí, in
Wisconsin.
A bill granting to the Territory of Wisconsin a
cor'<Hn tract of land, ft r the berefit of the town of
Pa r Play, in the said Territory.
A bill to aid m the construction of a harbor at
the town of Milwauke , m the Territory of Wis-
consin.
These bdh were read twice, and referred to the
Committee <f the Whole.
Mr. PENDLETON offered the following as an
addition to the rules of the House. Add after the
123d rule, the following:
1 It shall be in ordei foi any member, in Committee of the
Wtiule, to move (hat the vote on .he nendmg question under
consideration be then taken, and the vote on such motion shall
be taken without debate, and, if earned, the vote shall beim-
mediate y liken, without funnel debate, on the pending ques
tton befoie the committee "
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected.
Mr. EVERETT  then   offered   the   following,
which, he «aid, he should call up to-morrow
Ordered, That questions on amendments offered to the tautf,
m Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, be taken
by yeas and najs, when demanded by one fifth of the members
piesent
Mr. FILLMORE then said it appeared to him
there was an indispensable necessity to act upon
the bill which he reported yesterday, entitled "A
bill to extend, for a limited period, the present laws
for laying and collecting duties on imports."
There were but about twenty dajs remaining for
the operation of the existing laws, and about fif-
teen days would be required to advise the collect-
ors at the farthest ports of the change that might
be expected
Mr. PICKENS inquired if that was m order.
TtieSt-EAKER rephH, that if the House went
into Committee of the Whole, they could take up
any bill the committee thought proper.
Mr. RANDALL tjegged permission to offer the
following resolution:
Jlesolvid That me Clerk of the House have preia'ed as
eaiiyas po sibie, foi the use ol its inembui, a tabular state
ment showm , m one view, the several rates oi duties chai 3ed
on vtuious aitu lea of tmpotts by the difleicut bills now before
the Houte
Mr FILLMORE said he had called upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for such a statement,
and he knaw lut bo  soon it might be furnished
The Com.nit ee of Ways and Means had also pre-
pared a vatement; but he had no objection to the
adoption if the resolution.
Mr. M. A. COOPER moved to amend the reso-
lution by adding thereto the words, "showing also
th" present rale of duiy under exiting laws "
Mr. ANDREWS moved to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was lost
Mr. YORKE moved the previous question,
which was sus'amed by the House.
The House then negatived Mr. Cooper's amend-
ment, and the resolution was adopted in its origin-
al shape.
I..H.I-. —— .1-1— l—fr-l..........—II— H...I.H. ......       ■     I'll    I                ■lll'll       .11,— .,.~¿
THE TARIFF.           
Mr. FILLMORS again moved that ike House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, ¿br
the purpose of taking up the bill to exttfcd, for a.
limited period, the present laws for layináaracsl-
lecting duties on imports.                          \f
Mr. CO WEN called the attention of the*Hottse
to the state of the private calendar; and he hoped,
in the vote to be taken, that order of business
would influence the votes of gentlemen.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs Atbertow
and Boardman were appointed; and they reported
92 in the affirmative, and 72 in the negative.
Mr. McKENNAN accordingly took the chair;
and
Mr. FILLMORE moved the postponement of
the tariff bill, that the committee might consider
the bill he had before mentioned.
After a few words from Mr. PICKENS and
Mr. WISE, the motion was agreed to; and the
Clerk read the bill, as follows:
A BILL to extend foi a limited peuod the present laws for
laying and collecting duties on imports
Be it enucled, $c, That all laws existing and in furoe on
the "first of lane, eighteen hundred and forty-two, regulating
and fixing the amount and rate of duties to be levied and col-
lected on goods, wares, and merchandise imported into the
United fetales, and prcciibingthc mode of collecting the same,
and all piovi&ions relating thereto, «hall continue and be in.
foice as they exited on that day, until the first day of August,
eighteen hundred and forty two, and no longer, anything in the
act entitled " An act to modify an act of the fourteenth day of
July, one thousand eight hundred and thirty two, and all other
acts imposing duties on imports," approved March second,
eighteen hundred ajid thirty thiee, to the contrary in anywise
notwithstanding Piovided, That nothing herein contained
shall suspend the distnbu'ion ol the proceeds of the public
lands, anything herein contained, and anything coman ed la
the pioviso to the sixdi section of the act approved fourth
September, eiehteen hundred and forty onQ, entitled "An act to 
appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
and to grant preemption lights," to the contrary notwith-
standing
The committee negatived a motion to strike out
the words "first day of August," as the limit of
the extension of the present laws, the proposition
being to leave the period indefinite.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee nser
and report the bill to the House.
Mr. WISE was very willing to do so, because it
was the best mode of defeating an increase of the
duties for the present session.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to strike out the pro-
viso. He said tha' proviso wa> not found id the
bill which was reported to 'he House a <iay*or two
since, and its insertion appeared tj have been an
after-thought This bill, as it originally appeared
before the House, was simply to extend all the
revenue laws to the 1st of August next from the
30th of June next. The present bill not only pro-
posed the same object, but also provided that
nothing therem contained should interfere with the
operation of the distribution act. Without such a
proviso, the effect of this bill would have been to
annihilate thpdistnbution law, which directs the
distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
amongst the State* He then proceeded to notice
the operation of this law if it shou d be n«ss=d by
CongreoS He was iindersto^'i to sa\ tha' the re-
ceipts from the public land^, wntrhhad cvTcmto
the treasury, had been used for th  gnnenl pal-
póles ot tbe Government, and the Stereiary of toe
| Treasury would agam be driven as a torrowei into
I the market, for money to divide amongst ,he S'atcs;
and he wished to be informed ¡f it was the inten-
tion of gentlemen lo pát the treasury in that posi-
tion.
Mr. FILLMORE explained.
Mr PICKENS said wnen he saw the gent'eman.
from New York move to lecommit the bill to ex-
•enu tbe operation cf the existing tariff laws, a day
or two since, he was satisfied tnere was something
more behind the curtain.
Mi. FILLMORE said he should have given h'S
reasons if he had been permitted It was the very
reason which thesubseqa>nt oill would suggest. It
was, 'hat the former bill would have prevented the
distribution in July.
Mr PIG8EENS aid that was precrely what he
was going-To remark. He consider d it exceed-
ingly remarkable that thin bill should I  ave been
postponed to this: late period, and that it should not
sooner, considering ns consequence*, have heen.
brought before the House and the country.   The
