616
House had gone into committee, and they were in- j
dueed to believe they were about to enter upon the
discussion of the lanff bill fully. But the gentle-
man from New York came in and moyed to lay
that bill aside, and to take up this bill—a proceed-
ing utterly unprecedented in the history of legisla-
tion since he had had a seat in this House. The
honorable gentleman went into some statements of
these laws, and of the bill now proposed; and he
said he should like to know if, as the gentleman
from New York intimated, there wa - none of the
money to be distributed in the public treasury,
and, if there were none there, if they would compel
the Government to borrow the money for distribu-
tion among the States.
Mi. GWIN offered an amendment, which he
hoped would be accepted by the chairman of Ways
and Means, and put an end to the debate entirely.
It provided for a suspension of the law, distribut-
ing the proceeds of the sales of the public lani.s,
until the 1st of August.
Mr. CUSHING desired to understand the op-
erationoi this Dili, upon other and collateral ques-
tions.   The third section of the act of 1833 pro-
vided foi a reduction of duties to twenty per cent
after  the 30ih of Jane, 1842.   What would be
our condition, after that time, wuhout any inter-
mediate act „n on the part of Congress?   At the
close of the third section oí the act of 1833, i t as
provded that all duties should be paid in ready
money.   That was debnite.   But it was further
provided that all duty on imports should be col-
lected according to their assessed value, at the
ports where they were entered, according to such
regulations as should be provided by law.   Tne
dunes were to be assessed according to the home
valuation. How was this to be ascertained? There.
was no existing law, and no treasury machinery by
which the collectors could be guided.   The law of
1833 contemplated   some action on the subject
prior to the 1st of July, 1842    No act has yet
been passed; neither the custom-house officers, nor
the Secretary of the Treasury, nor the importing
merchants had any guide, according to which they
could act.   These facts showed that the House
should  seriously determine whether  any duties
were to be collected or not.   It was certain that
some legislation would be necessary; and, acting
upon this view,   the   Committee  on   Manufac-
tures,  and the Committee of Ways and Mean ,
had   both   reported  bills   for the  establishment
of a  permanent tariff.   Should  either of those
bills be passed   before   the   30th   of  June,  the
necessity of  further  action   would   be   super-
seded.    But the bill   now before the committee
contemplated the contingency of no action by Con-
gress before the 30 h of June.   It was a virtual
acknowledgment that it would be impossible to
pass a revenue bill before that time; and that the
effect of the present bill was to extend the present
laws until the 1st of August.   There was, then, an
imperative moral urgency to enact some muff law.
Without it, the treasury must be without money.
In the second place, our market would be flooded
with foreign merchandise. There might be $25,000,-
OOOoftbem m New York now.   The owners of
these goods might export them to some near port
in a British colony, and receive the duties which
they had paid in the way of drawback.    Then, in
one week after the 1st of July, they might bring
the goods back and enter them free.    This might,
or might not, happen, he stated the cabe as one of
the possible consequences of a want of legislation.
Following in th"s tram, there was a third conse-
quence of the failure to act upon the tariff, and
that would be the entire prostration of the protec-
tive interest.   Not only would the interest depend
ant on a protective tariff be injured, but it would
be entirely prostrated and overwhelmed by the
torrent ef foreign productions which would come
into our ports.
With these three effects of inaction—a bankrupt
treasury, cur country fluoded wh foreign reduc-
tions, and her protective mteieMs prosf ated—
staring the Representatives of the peop'e in the
faee, there was a strong constitutional and moral
obligation upon them to do something for the bene-
|Wf the eountry. The effect of the present bill
ww Jo tafce away the urgent necessity for action
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
before the 30th of June.   It merely gave another  I
month to debaie that great question of the enact
ment of a permanent tariff.
But this bill related to other questions beside
that of the tariff. He referred to us operation
upon the distribution law. The first section of
that law provided that, from and afier December
3Ht, 1841, certain things should happen; among
those things, was the distribution of such sums as
should be received into the treasury from the pub-
lic lands, between December and June, to tte
Stales. Therefore, if nothing occurred before that
time, the distribution would take effect. Was
there any thing in this bill to prevent the accom-
p'isbment of that object? The sixth section of the
distribution law provided that, if the tariff should
be so altered as to be inconsistent with the com-
promise act of 1833, no distribution <h mid be
made. On these premises, how did the first part of
ihe bill now before the committee apply' It was ob
vious that it changed the existing facts—the status
in que; and its effect, in that part, was to repeal
the distribution law
But th- bii contained a proviso, that "nothing
herein con tineü shall suspend the operation of the
law direc.iDg a distribution of thp proceeds of the
sales ef the pubhc lands " &" Tie effect of this
was to keep ¡he distribution law iu force Every
one was awaie lhat this Uw had other relations
besides those of a financial char?cter. It wis based
upon political considerations. After some fur'her
remarks "upon this point, he proceeded to reply to
the argument advanced, that the act of 1833 gave
an implied stipulation that no duties should exceed
20 per cent, after the 30th of June
The gentleman from South Caro'ina [Mr. Pick-
ens] had said he was in favor of the bill without
the proviso. He did not doubt the gentleman' 
friendship for it in that state, for it left the tar ff as
it was beforehand in proportion as it was agreeable
to that gentleman on this account, it was disagree-
able to himself. In regard to the compromise act,
(about which genilemen were in the habit of con-
versing asa contract,) he could not see how that
was more binding upon Congress than the compro-
mise in the distribution law, which the gentleman
himself wished to overthrow.
[Mr Pickens here made an explanation; which
was not heard.]
Mr. C. continued bis remarks for some time, and
concluded by staling that he seriously doubted ihe
propriety ot re-enacting the distribution law, and
leaving the tariff to shift for itself.
Mr UNDERWOOD could not agree that the
distribution law was passed by mean  of a bargain
between different interests represented on the floor
of the Senate. He himself bad voted against the
proviso to that law, foreseeing the consequences
which were now at hand Such a principle as that
by which the law was suspended whenever the da-
ties on imports exceeded twenty per cent, should
never have been incorporated into it. Since one
Legislature had no right to b.nd its successors, the
proviso itself might become inoperative He bad
no idea that any bargain was entered into, to pro-
cure the passage of the bill, by inserting the provi-
so; certainly, he was no party to it, if there was.
He predicted that there would be some curious
developments in the course of the debate and votes
upon this bill and the amendments. In the first
place, there were many gentleman, and (he would
be candid) bimself among them, who would vote
upon the bill so as to get the land fund for the
Sutes. He shou'd bimself vote to obtain that
money, at all events—20 per cent or no SO per
cent. If he could not get the land money without
bringing down the tariff, he would do that. He
would bring it do^n to 20 per cent., and also he
would bring tne $65,000,000 worth of articles now
duty free, and subject them to the operation oi the
tariff. It was well known that there were three
classes of ar'-o'es imported through oar custom-
houses— tnose paying i alies ad valorem, those pay-
ing specific duties, and a large c'a&s which were
entered free This last c'ass he would embrace in
a Hriff, and thus enlarge the number of dutiable
arucles.
There was another view of the question__a view
too, which could be earned,   He hoped jt would
be, for they were strong enough to carry it, if they
would only co-operate and show their strength
now [Laughter] There were many men in
the House willing to vote for a tariff greater than
20 per cent, and thus proiect the manu'acturers.
Many were thuo situated, and were willing to help
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Crj-HWa]
with his tariff, on the condit on that mey should
get the land money for themselves. [Laughter.]
Some gentlemen said they must hav  proiection,
and otaers said tb^y would vote fjr such a tariff
as would give it incidentally. He was willing, on
Impart He was not ultra, but would go beyond
20 per cent, in vaiiojs instances. But gentlemen
must show bio (hat tee land money would be dis-
tributed He did noi wish to make a bargain, but
was merely telling gentlemen these things for in-
formation. (Laughter ] He repeated, he did not
wish to make a bargain, but he would watch gen-
tlemen when they voted on <,he~e various ques-
uons. This was ihe second view of the question.
The third was thi . if the Hoase sacuid refuse to
pass 'bis bill, wuh the proviso by w! ich tne distri-
bution law wou'd be secured, ii would prove that
the free-trade, anti-protective interest had the as-
cendency, and intended to adhere to their policy.
He shoaid regard the vo'es given on the question.
As ihey voted on i, so would they show their
hands.
He then went on to say that it would be useless
for him to debate the question upon its general
principles, with a view to chang'ng the voie of any
member He bslieved that, were he to speak
every dsy m the week till sundown, he could not
alter a vote. He might convince members about
the propriety of duties on particular articles; he
might modify their views as iu some of the detail ;
but he could not make an anu-tanff man a tariff
man. The House would be engaged in a long de-
bate; but the speeches would be intended mostly
for home consumption.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON inquired whether
the gentleman would consider those who voted in
favor of a repeal of the distribution law, as opposed
to a protective tariff; and those who voted against
the repeal, as friends to a protective tariff?
Mr UNDERWOOD repl ed that he would.
Mr. WISE, after a few remarks, observed, that
if he understood the gentleman from Kentucky
correctly, his first object was to inciease the duties
above 20 per cent, aad to provide what he con-
sidered proper protection, and also to repeal the 30
per cent clause in ihe land distribution bill—that
i«, lo hold on to distribution and protection boih.
The gentleman's second proposition was equally
important. He understood him to proclaim to the
protection interest, inside of this House and otat of
it, that if they would not g.ve him the repeal of the
20 per cent, clause—if they would not give him
distribution, he would not give them duties above
20 per cent. [Mr. Underwood That is right ]
But he would go for cutting down every branch of
the public expenditures—every branch of the pub-
lie service. [Mr. Underwood said the gentleman
was here wrong, and explained what he did say.]
Then the gentleman will re !uce the expenditures ot
the Government, and tax its and coffee a order
to hold on to dis'nbution. That was precisely
what he held out to his constituents and others to
be the policy to be pursued, not by the gentleman
from Kentucky alone, but by the majority of the
House, and the gentleman row avowed it. New
(sad Mr. W.) we understanu the votes that havo
been given at this session Si-k the navy, sink
the army, sink protection, a.id every Goveinment
establishment—every industrial interest is to be
sacrificed for one man's hobby—distribution The
people are to be taxed to distribute; the Govern-
ment is to boirow to distribute, the navy, the right
arm of our defence, and the army, the let arm,
are to be sacrificer", acd those who have heretofore
professed to be par excellence the friends of protec-
tion, are now to be us worst enemies New Eng-
land, Pennsylvania, and every manufacturing State,
are to be told that they are to have no protection'
unless they will give away ¡he proceeds of the
public lands. They have announced to them that
the mam difficulty in their way, now that protec-
tion—which is incidental to a revesas tariff, a á g
