CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:                                            64^
Indians leftmore blood on their trail, having killed two soldiers
somewhere between here and Wacasassa Such is a brief and
imperfect statement of these horrible tragedies, but no tongue
or pen can describe sHchhoitois"
"St Augustine, June 3
"MORE MURDERS' i
"On Tuesday night we learnapirty of Indians, supposed to
be 50 warriors, attacked the house of Mr Robinson, of Jefferson
county, just beyond me Ocilla, above theFederal road several
miles, killed his mothei and fourotheisof ti e family, an I plun
dered and burnt his plac, A paity of United States ti oops
are stationed some ten miles, it is said, from the place Large
parties of citizens have gone in pursuit "
Mr. B. said these deplorable derails admitted of
no comment. They were distressing to the last
degree, and appealed, more powerfully than any
language be could use, to the sympathies and the
justice of Congress for that protection which the
Constitution guaranties to all the inhabitants of the
Union Seven years had elapsed since these mas-
sacres began—a period as loig as the war of the
Revolution; and, during all that time, the settle-
ments had be.en broken up, property destroyed,
lives sacrificed, and ihose returning to their deserted
homes were still exposed to all the honors ot In-
dian warfare. The United States is bound to pro-
tect these inhabitants. It owes every citizen pro-
tection. The military force has done what it can-
it has driven the Indians out of the field—reduced
them to a small number; and the rest iiust chiefly
be done by armed settlers, attracted to the country
by the inducements which are offered.
Mr. B. then explained the provisions and the en-
actments of the bill. The first point wa« the line
south of which the settlements were. Th>s line
was taken at township seven, which united all the
requisites of a proper line. It ran across the head
of the peninsula, leaving Deadin?n's bay to the
south, and St. Augustine to the north—parsing
along the scene of the last m&ssacres—divid'tig
* the exposed and unst tiled par* of the peninsula
from that which was principally held by private
owners, and contained but little public land. The
line was also a marked one, and would be easily
known and observed. The condition of acquiring
the land was five years' residence south of th s line,
and defending the country from the Indians. The
pnncip'e of the bill was residence and defence,
and single men and young men, as well as heads
of families, vere entitled to its benefits. Great
stress was laid upon these provisions of ihe bill.
Young men, and single men, are expected to go in
large numbers to the country; as many would be
willing to risk themselves, who might not be wi l-
ing to risk their families. Tne most liberal pro-
vision is made for enabling the settler to select his
land at his convenience, and to improve it when
he can. Residence on the land itself is not re-
quired, because the very nature of the case will
require settlers to live together, in sta ions or block-
houses, for mutual defence. The period of one
year was limited for settlers to go to the couptiy;
and, considering the inducements held on , (for
good land and a good home would be got in th s
peninsula,) anu the general stagnation of busi-
ness in the United States, and the great number
of persons our of employment, and seeking the
means of living, he (Mr. Benton) believed that,
before the year was out, a competent number of set-
tlers will have entered the country to hold it m
peace against the few Indians that remained. The
ensuing winter would probably be the chief reason
of emigration, but the sooner the better, as firs'
settlers take first choices. Mr. B had no doubt
that ihe settlers would go: no dou'ot that it was the
most profitable enterprise in which they could en-
gage—that, in addition to the benefits of their own
labor, they would get good homes in the p°rmanent
acquisition of one hundred and Sixty acres of land,
in a climate adapted to the tropical productions,
and the title to which is made safe to ilia settler,
and to his wife and children, or other near rela-
tions, to the utter exclusion of speculators. The
provisions of the bill were fatal to speculator, the
design being to secura the settler und his family, or
near relations.
Messrs. KING and SEVIER made a few re-
marks on certain amendraes's which they suggest-
ed to the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs [Mr. Bewton] were necessiry to perfect
the bill, and concurring with him on ihe propriety,
importance, and necessity of its passage.    The
amendments suggested having been adopted, the
bill was road as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Representatives
of the United States of America m Congress assembled,
That theie shall in. grants l to the white settlers, being heads of
families, single men, 01 >oung men able to bear arms, who shall
settle, or may have settled, m the peninsula of Florida, south of
township seven, south of the base line within one > ear uom the
passage of this act, a bounty of one hundred and sixty acres of
land, upon the following conditions
First Tr-e said eettlei to reside in the Territory of Florida,
south of sai I township, foi five years, and to uke his grant on
any public land south of that township
Second The said settleis shall provide arms, ammunition,
and blockhouses for their defence Butthe arms and ammuni-
tion will be fumshed by the United States in cases where the
settler shall n it be able to furnish himself
Thud nations (except the small parts theieof) will be fur
niched to such settlers as may apply lor tiie «une, 101 one >eai,
del verable from time to time, in advance, at the nearest mili
taiy post
Fouuh Each bf tiler entitled to land shall have the right to se-
lect and impiove ihe same, and settle upon it, if he pleases, if
unoccupied, at any time heioie the public sales and to cntei the
sameassoonas a land t ¡i^e is opened, but shall not íecene a
patent certifica'© theicfoi antii uftor five _, ears lesldenco south
ol township seven, noi until aftel pi oof shall bu made, before
thepioper land officers, of a compliance with the terms of this
act, and the boundaries of the giant shall contoim to the sec
tional subdivisions, assuiveyed undel the laws of the United
States
Tiftti That, upon the death of any =ettler before the end of
the five years, or before the issuance ol the patent, all his lights,
undei this act, shall descend to his widow and hens' it law, if
helea\esa widow, and to his hens at law if he leaves none,
and pioof < f his compliance with the conditions of this act, up
to the tlirieof bis d°alh, shall beeulhclent to entitle them to the
patem
S c 2 And be it farther enacted. That the bounty lam's
heleby strante I shall bo fiee of taxes, ard unalienabb , even by
} iclinaisale until the patent issues, and also foi one >eai theie-
altd, lie said patem shr 1 issue to the original settlei, if alive,
\m!, if dtad, Usb^H tln-n issue to his next of blond and widow,
if he has left a widow, to be hi Id and divided bv them according
to the laws of Honda and every alienation ol any such bounty
land, oven by mdicial piocss°, mane bel ne tho isst ^nce of the
patent, nrwtlinn one yeartheieaftei shall be nut! and void, and
the ¡ntuisivc posse sol, by viitne of toy pretended sale, lease
devise, gilt, 01 liansf^r, co traiy to this act, may be turned out
ofposse-= loi it any time by an acMon of ejectment, in the name
of the oiieinal settle1, ol oí Ins widow ind heirs at law, ot any
one oi more of them, ot m the name of any subsequent pnr
cbasei, alttn the said land becomes legally alienable, and foil
thmatres sh-itl b> recoveied in tine sai se suit agun^t the intru
stve poascssoi as a ticspassei and disseizor
Mr. SMITH ot Indiana said tne bill was an im-
portant one, asd, so fjr as its general principies
were concerned, he really had not made up any
definite opinion, but if Us ohpets met the sanction
of the Senate, still it was ob/ious that its details
should correspond, as near as possible, to the pnn-
c pie, of all other bills touching the policy of ihe
Government in making disposition of the public
lands. For instance, there should be a reservation
for school purposes, and some provision to guard
the vettlers agimstconfliciiig c'alms arising out of
numerous settlements in the sari>e portion ot land.
Tf the principles of ihe bill were sustained by the
S'nae, still its details should conespond to the
other leg station relative to settlements on the pub-
lic lands, as to the mole or manner of the settle-
ment Theiefore, for the purpose ot affording an
opportunity for an examinad n of the details oí the
b il, he suggested thai it should be passed over in-
formal y till to-moirnw. wh eh suggestion was
agreed io.
Mi. TAPPAN presented a memorial, emanating
ftom a medical convention held m Ohio, prajmg
that so much of the law regulating pa'enls be rc-
pra'ed as authorize  the granting ot pa. nts lot
medical compounds or inventions: referred to the
Comrndtce on Pa."n s
TiiePRE3IDEINT/>i« ic-n laid before 'he Sen-
ate a message of the Pres dsiit ot the U aleu tít ues,
transmitan;; st report from ihe State Department,
n.ale in compliance witn a resolution of ue 21
Mrtrch la ". reques ng information touching the
proceedings under the co ivention ot th > llfn Arnl,
1839, oetween th' United States and the Mexican
Republic, which,
On motion oi Mr. SEVIER, was ordered to l.e
on the tabic, ana be pr.n ed. itferr.d to tne Com-
mittee on Print ng
Engrosstd u i, en ined * An act to provu'e for the
per-nanent ernplov in 'he Post Oflice Department
tl ceitain c'^iks hrretofoie, lor several < ears, tem
poraniy employed in mat department" was taken
up, read the third time, an 1 passed.
On motion of Mi PHELPS, Ihe Senate re-
sumed the consideration, as in committee oí ihe
whole, of the bill providing for the settlement of
the claim of the heirs ot Silas Deane.   This bill
was discussea during the whole day'* session, by
Messrs. PHELPS, SMITH of Connecticut, an*
BERRIEN, eitp'anatory and defensive of ihe
grounds of the claim, and in favor of us passage;
and by Messrs. KING, McROBERTS, and HEN-
DERSON, in opposition to the passage.
Mr. PHELPS, to do away with objections urged
in debate to the passage of the bill, m,oved to
amend it to the effect that, for all purchases made,
and supplies furnished, by Mr. Deane, under the
contract with the Secret Committee of the Conti-
nental Congress, (amounting to 1200,000,) he
should be allowed 5 per cent.; and tor all pur-
chases or supplies furnished, or contracts made by
him for supplies, subsequent to 'hose under the
contract, to ihe period oí May, 1776, and no longer,
that he should be allowed only 2i per cent.
Mr. HENDERSON proposed an amendment to
this amendment, to the effect, (in the adjustment of
the claim,) ihat for the sum of $t0,500, hereto-
fore, by resolution of Congress, authorized to be
paid to the claimant, he should be allowed ths
value only of that amount of continental money at
that period.
Tms amendment was disagreed to on a count, by
ayes 9, noes 17.
The question then recurring on the amendment
submitted by Mr. Phelps, the amendment was,
at Ihe suggestion of Mr. KING, so modified as to
make it apply to articles purchased and supplies
furnished, and not to extend to contracts made for
supplies; and then the question being put, the
amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The- bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed fcr"« third reading.
O i motion oí Mr. SEVIEE, the Senate went
into executive session; and, after some t me spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monda?, June 13, 1842
Mr. OLIVER presented ihe proceedings of a
large and respectable meeting of the farmers and
laborers of the county of Yates, in the Slate of New
York, praying Congress to readjust the present tar-
iff on loreign imports m such a manner as to give
the Government a sufficient revenue for its sup-
port, and, if possible, to discriminate upon such
imports as will aid the producing class of American
citizens.
Mr. STANLY presented a statement from Mr.
Pomdexter, which was understood to be ib reply to
some remarks which had been made m a recent
debate on the affairs of the New York custom-
house.
Mr. ADAMS offered a resolution, which was
a iopted, calling upon the President tor a copy of
the qu ntuple treaty for the suppression of the slave-
trade, a copy ot the protest of Governor Cass, our
minister to Prance; also, capíes of such corres-
pondence on the subject of the quintuple treaty as
has passed between this Gofernment and Governor
Cass.
Mr. FILLMORE heped, as this was reso'ution
day, that the S a.es WmuU be called in order.
The SPEAKER accordmsly commerced with
the Stale ot Ohio, where the call was interrupted
on the last resolution day.
Mr. PESDLETON offered the following as an
addition to the 123d rule:
' It shall be in order for any member, in Committee of the
Who'e, to move that the vote on the pending question under
consideration be then taken, and the vote on sueh motion shall
be taken without debate, and, if earned, the vote shall be un
mediately taken, without fuither debate, on the pending ques-
tion bt-Iore tlib committee  '
Mr. HOPKINS and Mr. CLIFFORD both ob-
jee'ed to tn s new •■ule, that it put it in the power
ot any one member to put an end to debate.
Alter a few nord* irom Mr. PENDLETON and
Mi. A. V.BROWN—
Mr. CLIFFORD moved a call of the House ;
¡?nd the roll was called accordingly, and 164 mem-
bers answered to their names. The absentees were
next called, and 190 u-ere found to be present. The
further procee ings under the call were then sus-
pended and the previous question, which was
moved' by Mr. PENDLETON, was sustained by
tite House.
Mr. CA.VE JOHNSON moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and demanded the yeas ano
