mo
naya thereon, and, being ordered, they resulted as
follows: Ayes 102, noes 91. So the mot.on was
laid on the table, j
Mr. COWfSN offered a resolution to the effect
that, hereafter, it be one of (he standing rules of the
House that no member shall occupy more than one
hour in debate on any question, either an the House
or in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WISE objected to the resolution, and pro-
posed to debate it, that it might go over to a future
day.
Mr. CLIFFORD inquired if the gentleman from
Ohio had given notice of this motion.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. COWEN moved the previous question.
Mr. MeKEON moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and called for the ayes and noes thereon.
The ayes and noes being ordered, resulted as fol-
lows: ayes 83, noes 113
Mr. EVERETT submitted a modification of the
resolution, bat, ths previous question having been
called, it was not m order
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered.
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays on
the main question, being on the adoption of the
resolution ; which having been ordered, the roll
was called, and resulted m deciding the question.
m the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 84
Mr. MEDILL submitted a resolution, directing
the Committee on the Judiciary, to whicb were re-
ferred, nearly three months ago, the resolutions of
the Legislature of Ohio on the subject, to report a
bul refunding to Major General Andrew Jackson
the fine and cosh imposed on bim by the district
judge of the United States at New Orleans, for tue
manner in which he conducted the defence of that
city in 1815, with mteiest thereon till p?id. Mr.
M. moved ihe previous question on the lesoluiion.
Mr STEENROD called for tellers on the ques
tion of a second.
Mr. BIRDSEYE moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. MEDILL called for the yeas and nays ;
which were ordered.
Mr. BIRDSEYE then withdrew his motion to
lay the resolution on the table
Mr J. G. FLOYD renewed it, ard the question
was taken, resulting in yeas 78, nays 96
The question then being on seconding the call
for the previous question—
Mr. C J INGERSOLL asked permiss.on to
make an explanation on this subject, wh ch was
due to himself and to 'he House.
The SPEAKER said that it could only be done
by general consent
Mr. C J. INGERSOLL. I hope no gentleman
will object.
Mr. GRANGER. I object. We all want to
make explanations
Mr. STANLY    If the call for the  previous
question is net seconded, 1 presume the resolution
will lie over for debate
Tb< SPEAKER «aid that it would.
The question on the seeond was then taken, and
resulted in ajes 78, noes 76
Mr MEDILL observed that, by general consent,
the question could be taken on the resolution He
presumed that no gentleman objected
Messrs STANLY and UNDERWOOD both ob-
jected.    They wanted to debate the resolution
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL
Mr EVERETT moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up the apportionment bill,
which  had been returned from the Senate with
amendments, and the yeas and nays having been
ordered, the ques'ion on ths suspension was taken,
resulting in yeas 182, nays 25
So the bill and amenaments were taken up.
Mr. EVEREIT remarked that the bill had come
back to the House wi'h important aoendments
The standard had been increased, and the number
of this House d.mirü^ed to 217    The principle of
allowmg an additional member to St,!1  having
a fraction of more than half ot ihe standard had
also been adopted, and this gpve 6 members more.
He shoull not argue the principles contained in
%ynft at this time, for it had already been fully
«awá-, and he was satisfied the opinion oí no
CON&ffi3SrOtfAL GLOBE.
member would be changed by debate. He would,
however, make a collateral remark in relation to
the amendments proposed by the Senate. He re-
garded the Senate of the United State-  as a body of
equal privileges with the House, and as one whose
opinions were always entitled to very great respect.
In the present instance, where a division of power
was the subject, he thought the opinion of the Sen-
ate was entitled to more than ordinary weight, be-
cause it was independent of those personal influ-
ences which affected the House of Representatives.
With this view, he submitted it to the House
whether the debate should be permitted to go on
He would first move tbat the several amendments
of the Senate be concurred in, and then call for the
previous question
Mr ADAMS hoped 'he motion for the previous
question would be withdrawn, inasmuch as he de-
sired to debate the subject.
Mr. EVERETT declined withdrawing the mo-
tion he had made, en account, as he «aid, of the
urgent public business before the House.
Mr. W C JOHNSON Loped that the motion
would be voted down without ■  division.
Mr. ADAMS said he could not believe that the
House would be dragooned >n'o an approval of the
extraordinary propositions of the Senate.
The question on  the motion for the previous
question was taken by tollers, (Messrs Mediix
«ind Brioos,) and resulted ayes 75, noes 97.
So there was no second.
Mr. ADAMS said he returned his thanks to the
House for not agreeing to this extraordinary mo-
tion. It showed that they had some regard to ths
ngh s of th* people of ihe United States
. His purpose was to move that the House dis-
agree to the amendment of the Senate, increasing
the i.itio from fifty to seventy thousan t More
than that, lie would send a message to the Senate,
si) ir g that this House adheres to Us ratio, and to
its disagreement to the amendment of that body.
[Cries of "agreed "] In the next place, he move 1
that the Hojoe concur with the Senate in the pro
vision by which States having more than a moiety
of the standprd should be entitled to an additional
Representative. [Many veces "No"] He was
willing to assent to th s principle of allowing frac-
tions to be represented, although it had be-n ve-
tO"d by the first President, when the apportionment
bill was presented for hn signature He believed
it was not inconsistent with the Constitution, and
had one great advantage, in the fact ihit it would
allow the whole people to be represented Should
the Hou--e disagree to the first amendment m rela-
tion to the ratio, and agree to the amendment m
relation to fractional representation, it would be
necessary to make several amendments in the sev-
eral numbers allowed to the States H  then read
his amendment, and a statement showing the sev-
eral fractions represented according to the bill,
should it be passed with his amendment I makes
a Houss of 317 members, the States of New
Hanifshire, Massachusetts, Vermont, Delaware,
Maryland, Georgia, Alabama, Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, Indiana, and Arkansas, having fractions rep-
resent
He was anxious that the House should adhere to
the ratio which it bad adopted m the fim instance
He recollected m Roman history, that when there
was a mutiny fir rebellion in the army against the
general, he had the power of decimating the army,
an 1 cutting off every tenth man. He could not
conceite of any thing more perfectly allogical than
tnis effort on the pait of the Senate to d°cimate Ihe
House of Representative? Instead of following
the course of God and rature, ard giving to the
House an increased number of Repr sentatives,
thf Senate had inverted th" cjurse of nature, and,
as the population of the country increased, pro pos-
ed to dimmish the representaron It proposed to
bring down the number of members of ihe Hou-e
from 242 to 223 The present number was fixed
when the population of (he country was 12 000,000
With an increase of 50 per cent, and a present
population of 18 000,000, the Senate proposed to
deprive the people of one-tenth of their Represent
atives He (Mr A ) did not profess to be an ad-
vocate of pure Democracy, in the party and gen
era! sense of that term, but he was a Democrat so
far as the representation in ihe House of Repre-
sentatives was concerned This House was the
democratic branch of the Government It repre-
sented the people, and that there should be a pro-
portion between the number of the people and the
number of the House, he regarded as the first prin-
ciple of its organization He would never violate
this principle, until the population of the country
became so large that a House in proportion would
have the same objection to it that applied to the
primary assemblies of the people. What, he asked,
was pure Democracy? It was government, so far
as practicable, to the people themselves in person.
Representaron was an expedient resorted to, for the
purpose of attaining the substance of that which
was, of itself, impracticable; and the greater the
number of Representatives, the nearer was the ap-
proach to Democracy. He referred to the dis-
cussions on the subjtct which took place in the
old Congress, when the first apportionment was
made The strongest objection urged against the
bill was, that the representation would not be suf-
ficiently numerous—not enough so to preserve the
liberties rf the people. There was much debate as
to what should be the minimum ratio, and it was
e en contended ¡hat the ratio of 30,000 was too
large The result was to fix it at 33,000, and yet
he did not believe there was a State, in which the
matter was discussed, where doubt was not ex-
pressed lest the number should become too nume-
rous to be truly represented. His opinions on this
subject were formed in the course of the debate
which took place in Congress, wh ch he attended
with interest, being then a student of law. Hav-
ing formed his opinions then, and considering
the House as emphaucally, and perhaps exclusive-
ly, the concentration of the democratic power, in
its authorized form*, he came here determined to
vota for as low a ratio as he found practicable.
On that ground he bad voted for 50,174. He
would rot have voted for any number under 50,000
or over 60,000. He should vote for the number in
the bill as it went from the House, asd adhere to it;
even if this, and twenty other apportionment bills,
should be lost
As he had remarked, he was a Democrat, but
not m the usual sense m which that word was
ut,ed He was not a Democrat of the Five Points,
[laughter,] yet he was in his feelings as much a
Democrat as any member of the House. There
was another branch, however, of the legislative
department of this Government, which was not
democratic. He al'uded to the Senate; and pro-
nounced its members to be representatives of cor-
porations It was known that the Democracy here
were not fond of corporations The Senate was
necessarily and essentially an aristocratic body in
its feelings, and he hoped the balance would fall in
favor of the House of Representatives
The gentleman from Delaware represented a
population of nearly 80,000, and the Senators
from the State of New York represented a popula-
tion of two millions and a half, or thirty times the
number represented by the gentleman from Dela-
ware He thought tne framers of the Constitution
did well m making the State Legislatures the con-
stituents of the Senate But it was not the demo-
cratic—it was essentially the austocratic principle.
There was concentrated the corporation, the inde-
pendent, the State rigats principle, which he hoped
would n,t needlessly be brought into collision with
this House. Let that body (the Senate) perform
its proper functions. Let it maintain the States'
rights, but let it not dictate to this House, and say
that the people of the United States shall not be
represented here.
One of the argumen s used in the Senate, m the
debate on this bill, was, that if this House should
become too numerous it would be too powerful
for tbem, and that the House would overwhelm the
power of the Senate. Wnat was the meaning of
tbat? Did the Senate choose to reanct the power
of the people of the United States in their repre-
sentation, from a fear that the Representatives of
the people would be too powerful for that body?
Thus, the interests of the olher body were to be
the prmciple on which the representation of this
Honse was to be formed. The gentleman who
moved the previous question here, to cut off debate,
