f*~........  , „  . m n.j,, .uiJiiij^ui,i, i mjj)n 11    i i i i ] iHi,   -¡¡ i.j  - .......1 i            11    ------~
deemed the Senate better judges on this subject
than the members of this House.
Mr EVERETT denied that he bad said any
such thing.
Mr. ADAMS replied that the gentleman said
the Senate would judge without the personal influ-
ences which operated on this House: and was not
that saying that they were better judge?/? If the
gentleman denied ihe inference, let him take it
back. If the Senate was not susceptible of per
sonal influences, and the members of the House
■were, the Senators were better judges. But he
(Mr. A.) did not ihiok the position a true one He
did not think this House was unduly ltifiienced
He did not think this House was moved by per-
sonal influences at all.
But there was going on—and it was in the nature
of things, as was shown by the history of all free
Governments—a perpetual struggle between the
three branches of the Government, each oí which
was encroaching on the other, and it was the duty
of each to resist that enrroachment. A resolution
was offered in that fxouse a shoit time ago, by
which the House under'ook to condemn certain
acts of ihe President, which he had done under thf
solemnity of his oath Now, this exhibited the
tendency in this House to encroach on the Presi-
dent It was not the province of this House to
express approbation or disapprobation of the Presi-
dent: it was enough that it approved its own acts
It had been said by a very distinguished but very
eccentric man from Virginia, that in all strugg'es
of the separate brancnes of this Government, his
leaning was in favor of this Hojse, ai d m all dis-
sensions between the Senate and the Executive, his
leaning was with the Senate. Now he, (Mr. A ,)
on this occasion, went partly on that punciple, he
held the doctrine that tht; House, as well as the other
ought to abstain from encroaching on the power
of the Execu'iv, as it was the duty of the Execu-
tive to avoid encroaching on the powers of thi,
House, or of the otner. it was, rideed, surprising
that, in the history of this Government, this House
had manifested no desire to encroach on the cthe-,
which now attempted to encroac h upon it He
hoped, however, that the House would resist th s
and every ou."r attempt to encroach upon the
rights and th" powers of this body, as the repte-
sentatives of ih  people
Mr. W. C JOHNSON disagreed with the gen-
tleman who had just addressed ihe House He
disapproved of the representation oí fractions ,
and he disagreed on the grourd set forth in the
veto message of President Washin?ton. H* was
in favor of an adherence to ihe basis ot rep crem-
ation adopted by the House, which he defended
from the odium which had been thrown on it by
the public journals. He proceeded *o soow th it
this House was the weaker of t! e three benches of
the Government, because it stood alo^e in it'
power It was eVcked by the Senate, and, in
case of failure by the Senate, its every aet might
be checked by the Pre ident , for both the S*r>a e
and the Executive had a veto on every important
act it could consummate But how stood it wi'a
the other branched The Executive was m office
for four years, wuhout any control or check en his
power by this House Th y also found th? Se.ia'e
elected for the term ot six ycat , fo represent cor-
porations, as the gentleman iroai Massachusetts
had termed them ; and from the moment they look
their seats, they cojld set at deftauce the will of the
corporations by which they wer  elected Tho e
two bodies—the Executive branch and the Senate-s-
had, besides, no inconsiderable amount of power in
the patronage which they poss <¡ ed, and over
which this House had no negation He deemed
that the safety of this House, and its security
against yielding to the influence of the other
branches, were in proportion to its number'.
He next proceded to ^hovv mat, for many years
past, the Senate had been the hot-house, from
which sprang asp.raats for the executive chair
Men with power, snd nun without power—men
of high talents, and men of moderate capaci ic-s—
in that arena were fc und spreading ab oad their
influence among the gr„at mass oí me people, with
no responsibilities, but independent and supreme.
How many such men had they seen in the history
CON£BESSIONAt 0LOBE.
of this Government, who conld not be elected to
this House by the congressional districts in which
they resided; and yet such men cou'd throw
odium on this House—such men could stigmatize
it as a bear-garden, and contend tbat us number
must be reduced He (Mr Johnson) would vote
for any number of this House short of 350, and
he hoped the House would not concur in the
amendment of 'he Senate, but adhere to the num-
ber fixed by the House.
Mr PICKENS submitted whether the censure
cast on the Senate by the gentlemen who had ad
dressed the House [Messrs Adams and Johnson]
came with propriety fiom. those gentlemen, Tne
Senate, by the Constitution, was an independent
branch oí this Governmi nt, and the Senate had
just as much njht to discuss and amend the bill
ihen before the House, as any other measure which
came legiumaiclv before them.
He agreed with tho--e gentlemen, ¿hat the rights
and the power of this House were as sacred, under
the Constitution, as the righ's and poweis of tht
Senate, and he would go with them in maintain ng
it as a co oidma'e and independent branch of ihe
Government, enct in making it the guardian of the
rights of the people, bat, as to the mode of main-
taining it in this positio-, he submitted whether
Ihere might not be a difference of opinion If they
carried out tne principles which had beon laid
duiwn by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr
Adams] as the true th°ory of democracy, that
each and every man should have a voice in the
representation, in v hat would it ennl In what had
it ended m every country m which it had been
tried1 In concentrating all power m the hands of
a few, who then would become the dictate's o'th 
Republic To guard against this, they had organized
this a represan ative Government, but carry out
the principles 0f the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and, instead of meeting here for consultaron
and 1 gitimate discussion, it woa'dbe a body thro \ n
into confusion ¡ and, from its very numbers, it
would be imbeci'e for all the purposes laid down
m the Constituí on To prevent tbat, h" \ onld
haf e this body as efficient and practical as pn^si-
b'e, and then they wtuld carrv out the principies
of the Constitution, and then they would make it
the great guardian of the people'  rights.
TaegenUeman from M<ssachus"tts had assigned
for the Senate the reason that they teared the
power of thus House He (Mr Pickens) knew not
wiat the reasons were which had mil lencol ihe
other bodv, but for himself, he was infla=nced by
a fear that nis House, if a large body, would de-
gene ate into a ra->b, and break down the barkers
laid down in th-^ Constitution.
He was m faver of a 1" ge ratio, be"at e be
sincerely b°l eved it wou11 tend to mcrea e he
povrof the Ht use That House had the power
to dtclare wa , anl to ongmatp all tax bil'1-, aid
they had a power which, m the future history ot
this country, wis to be si'll more important—they
should ha/e '^ e¿ reise the pov/er to elect the fu
ture Presidents of this Republ c Th s considera-
tion would always make th ¡> Hoase an imcoi ant
body, if the} did not, by adding to its num.'-e'--,
make it a n ob, and 'estro> its ethcicncy Make it
a nnmerou bcl>, ' tr-^ bv mate it o %t '
discussion  nd pra"! 1 legislation, and the psr p e
would loo to the o her oly—to'he s ill more
efficient bit.no —oí 're ¿eienc-of h- p^ipl-'s
rigats. He uent fe,r the largest po ve~ of this
Hous , as contemplated by the Const tution, with
that purpose he vcu'd maje it an effueit bod*,
and, to secare tliPSt. objtx «, he would orn>seai
mciease if its numb rs It was a stiange sp c
tac e to see tse gentteioan iron Massachusetts as-
suming to be the gusid an cf democratic pnnctp'es
It was, ndi-ed, st-ange, ma aman «ho had beei
en'ire'y opposed to tho e principas for 'he la^' halt
cemury, should now ndvecale the largest i un b rs
of this Housp, and denize the other body as
anstocaic It was i meed, attended with much
suspicion Ttie g atenían /ell knew that thf ie
salt woad bs piactu i !f to throw all power into
the hands of the Senate and the Executive, and
this he would effect under the guise of a spec ous
theory. He had heard gentlemen before denounce
the Senate as aristocratic, but he never expected the
 --------~             i i . l mi ■itimii^nüm MiiiuinimiiiiiniiiHi.iiut^i    aim   . jh m.......
gentleman from Massachusetts to rise and teach
the youth of this country, and to preach to the
young men of this House and of the nation—now
a little too much tainted with ultraism—the specious
doctrine of the aristocracy of the Senate. He (Mr.
P.) believed that he who goes for true fame—be
who goes for the reputation of being a solid and
sincere statesman, devoted to the honor and best
interests of the country, goes for the Constitution
as it is, and against every departure from (he Con-
stitution, more especially where the Senate is con 
cerned, which was the result of a comptoraise
which made this a Confederacy.
The tendency of such appeals to Democracy as
they had heard there, was to destroy the power
wh ch the Constitution created, and to break down
the barrier which separated State from State, the
result of wh ch would be r« n and anarchy, and,
finally, a despotism.
Tne gentleman from Massachusetts had sug-
gested another idea. He would bring the ratio to
50,000, and retain the pr nciple of a representation
of fracUons. Now he (Mr. Pickei>s) submitted
whether this would not give representation to a.
fraction of 25,000, which was m direct opposition to
thB provision of the Constitution, which limi^d the
minimum oí representation to 30,000? But as to
the other great principle involved m the bill, as
amended by the Senate—the enlarged ratio of rep-
resentation—he believed it would increase the power
and the respect of th" House But he believed
they could not go more securely to work to destroy
the tharacter and influence, and powei of the
Hot.se, than to increase its number vo as to mak.e
it practically a useless, imbecile body, under the
Constitution
Mr COOPER of Georgia did not rise to eater
into a discussion of this question, because he was
under the painful necessity of differing widely
from his friend [Mr PickensJ who had just taken
hi* seat.    He confessed he agreed, in the mam,
wi h   the pr nciples laid down  by  the mover of
the  rest lution   [Mi. Adams,]   and   he   especially
agreed wi h h m ¡hat the time had arrived when
tMt Kon e eagb.t to make issue with the Senate.
It had been  asited, why was it that  the  S nate
had all the dgmty belonging to the two Houses?
And the   n t~er  was,   becaus    the House had
all   the numbers     This   he did no'  admit.    It
w?s   because   the   House   was   waning   mself-
respect,  and did   not, on   proper   occasions, re-
sist  the encroachments  of the Senate     Let  the
House but do that, and it would go farther to sus-
ta n us own J gray than if it cut dots n one half of
its number,    ¿in reason whv t'se Hou^e was not
more digmñ d was, because i's members sat here
tsmxl , acting a5  the   passive  mstiuments  and
toots of the asp rants for ¡he Presidency m the
other bodv    Tvs was the tru h.    [Mr   C. was
here called  to  order ]    If he w?s out of order,
it was only one oí  the thousands of instances
thst   ccfmied   here   tn  r most   evry question,
aid fTiber  'tu   in   etr,i g to tht geí'leman
frn™i   So no Ca'ol na   tt'at   be   cine  to  be so
He vou ], howtver,  pass into order     He would
ro' adopt the tucges ions  cf the genileman from
South  Car Una, iui "various  reasons,  which he
wojld  iot drl rf.ii) the  House to reuie     He would
not adept tne amendments of the Senate, because
the one proposing  to give repreientation  to frac-
ti ns was, m h s opinion, unccns'itutional     With-
out gcia? into an argument on 'his head, he would
simply refer gen lem^a to   he Corstnu  oa itself
He would not go for he amend nent in chief, under
dtseussio , bvnise he  beloved that its tendency
would b- s ich  as the gent ernan from Massachu-
setts obj jtei to     He  b iievtd  there was a ma-
joi'ty in t>  Hous  agamst some of Ihe prominent
features of the bill, ard if that majority was dis-
posed to lay it by, they could, in twent>-four hours,
b-mg  forward   another   fixing the   tatio.    [The
Chair 'aid mat the gentleman was not m order ]
Well, sir, (said  Mr C ) I have said enough for
the House to understand me, and I move to lay
■ his bill on the table.   On this question I call for
the yeas and nay.
The jeas and na^s were aciorc ng'ty ordered.
Mr. BOWNE moved a call of the House, ana
