#24
Kgu'ar military forces against them would be in
effcc ual. They are now few and scattered, and
bant out their victims, and the only way to defeat
and conquer them is to send men there who are as
good at hunting the Indians as the Indians are in
hunting up their defenceless v earns
Messrs. LINN, WALKER, KING, and BEN-
TON, made some further remarks, showing lhat
the objects of the bill would be defeated, if the
Senate failed to adopt the amendment of Lie Sen-
ator from Illinois. They maintained that persons
would not settle there if, after snch settlement, and
after bestowing great labor on their lands, they
were liable to be ejected because they shou'd have
the misfortune to occupy a portion of the 16th sec-
tion. They showed the advantages which would
result to the townships by giving them the right to
select lands in lieu of the 16th sections, and the
great injury which, on the other h>nd, would re-
sult to the settler if he should be deprived of his
improvements; and showed that, in all probability,
the surveys of the lands, from the nature of this
country, would not take place for many years—1
during all which time the title of the settlers to
their land would be held in doubt, tvhich would
beget a syste-n of gambling in rights of settlement,
and lend to retard the improvement et the country
Mrí Walker maintained that, if the amendment
was not adopted, the bill ought to be called a bill
for the discouragement of settlements in Florida
Mr. BERRIEN suggested to the Senator from
Illinois to modify his amendment, by inserting after
the word "settlement" the words "actual cultiva-
tion."
Mr McROBERTS, to meet the above sugges-
tion, inserted the words, "by the erection of a
dwelling, or the cultivation of any portion there-
of."
Mr SMITH suggested that, for the purpose of
meeting the suggestiors of the Senator /rom Geor
gia, it would be necessary to make it read "by the
erecion of a dwel mg antZ the cultivation," &c
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas and nays on
the adoption ot the amendment to the amendment,
which were ordered, and the que« ion being taken,
it resoled in the affirmative as fol'orvs—jeas31,
nays 10
YEAS—Messrs Allen Aicher, Bagby, Birrow, Benton,
Berrien, Buchanan Com id, í. raft , Cuthbcrt I ilton, Giiham,
Henderson, Km^ I inn Meitobetts ¡Vlaugum, Punet, Fieston,
Sevier, Smith 01 Conrixlunt St ngeon ídllmilgí* lappan,
Walker, White, Wilton, William*., Woodbuiy, Wright, and
Younfr—31
NaVS "Vtessn 1 itpf Claj m, Fvans liuntint, )n, Miller,
Morehead Pheir ■* i-immons Smith of Indiand and Wood
bridge—10
The question recurring on the amei'dmeat of
Mr. Smith as amended, it was put, and the amend-
ment was agrted to wnl>outa count.
Mr SMITH of Induna moved fuit'ier to arrend
the bill, by ins"r'ing, in th 4 h line of tae bill,
after the words "young men," the wordo "over
18 years of age " so as to exclude all under th-tt
age from th" benefits of the bounty hHd out Ho
tho ¡jhi that they should not uiticf bo>s away
from their ps'ent.
Mr BEN10N said the capacity to carry arms
did not alnays depend upon the age Younj; men
at ]ri 01 16 y firs wer , s metimes, as cap ble of
bearing arms as others at the age ot manhoo 1
He ivi ntd tK Senator would modify his amend-
merf to 17 }<ar .
Mr SV1ITH *aid the ag  of IS wa- ihá agp at
whifb. joungmer were lit 'd rito the mili ía,
and thought tna' they ihojH < rve that prmcip e
in this bill, and he could not, neroforr, a cde to
the wshes of toe Senator fiom Mi soun
The question was then taken on tne am«ndmer<,
and i* was agreed to on a count, by ayes 23, noes
no1 counted
The bill tas further amended, at the suggestion
of Mr SMITH, by inserting 'be word "eonsecu-
tive" in ti e 10 h line, so as to require a set lement
of five consecutive je?r«, to entitle s,c 1 rs to the
bounty.
Mr SMITH =a d he had now two ?mendrrenis
to propose to the bill, which uouid 'est its stret gth
The one was to s nkc out the provision to alio*
arms to settler?, and the other to allow rafons.
He said the object of tne bill was to se'tle ho
<W^Ti ty gmng one quarter section of land, as a
1          '           '   " ';      "           *        '          ---
bountv, to individuals who would defend it, which
be considered ample He thought it better to smke
it out entirely, and leave the settlers to furnish
themselves with arms. He would rather vote to
give all of them arms, than to vote for those only
who are above 21
Mr. BENTON opposed this amendment. He
reminded the Sena'or that, by the laws of the land,
a minor was not entitled to cirry arms.
Mr. CONRAD moved to amend the pmendmetst,
so as to strike out the allowance of " ammunition"
to ti° settlers, which was agreed to
T se question now recurring on that portion of
the amendment of Mr. Smith, as amended, to
strike from the bill providing " that arms and am
munition will be furnished 'he settlers by the
United States, in cases where the .settler shall not
be able to furnish thsm h'mself "
Mr PRESTON advoca ed the adaption of this
amendment, on the gr< und thit the iurm bmg of
arms would be a great exp'nse to the United
State', and that the arms, such as would be fur-
nished, would not suit the purposes of the settlers
so well as the long nfl1, wh ch, no doubt, every
settler would be willing to provide himself with at
his own expense
Mr LINN opposed the amendment, and pointed
out the propriety of furnishing arms to such of the
settlers as were not able to purchase them, many
of whom, no doubt, would be debarred from going
if it was not done
Mr ALLEN spoke at some Isngth in favor of
furnishing arras to the settlers. He was in favor of
furnishing all of them arm', even to tne children—
females, as well as males—w ho often, m the absence
of their father, were compelled to defend, as they
have in early settlement elsewhere defended, the
stockade seamst the savage He said that there
weie at least 500,000 stand of arms in the United
States, distnba'ed ?moi g th" Sates and belong-
ing to the Governri ent, wh eh were rusting
and becoming wo'thless for the want of use
He was, therefore, in favor of distnbutirg a
portion to tho e <eulers, wh ch would not m fact
incur any expenst to the Government He then
p ke of the importance of tne passage of the bill,
which he maintained, if it had been done when the
bill was befce the Sena e several years ago, would
have saved the Government at least 20 000 000 of
dollars.
T ie question was then taken on this amendment
of Mr Smith, and it v, a  lost without a count.
The qutsiitn then recurred on the next amend-
ment of Mr Smith, propos ng to strike out the
words
' Rations, exc pt the small parts theieof will be furnished
f r me year to such sett etsas may apply forthe sane, deliver
abl* fr >m time to time, m advance at tht neatest mi itary
post '
Sir SMITH said, f th" propos tion was to grant
the va'ue oí the r« 'on, r-e < ould not be so much
opposed to i' But ? it ¿vas, tney would have to
keep up thtcimm sarydepw inentihere,subject to
all the frauds to wh ch the regu'ar strvice was
liable.
Mr. BENTON 'hewed iha  this bill di-' not pro
po«e the oidm.tr/ ration, tut merely t1 e lighter
parts of th" ration, which would cost but 'ittle, and
was but for on  \ ear, and only intended to cover tho
time to the raism? of the firat crop He showed
a so that no abases coula glow out of it
The qu'ston wis then tuk-n on <k>e amend-
ment, and it was di agreed to without a count
Thole beng no fnrthe amendment, the bill was
rnorted   n t ie Seríale
Mi WOODBURY suggested that, a? the object
sf the b 11 Vvas to Inve a rapid and early seu'e-
laeni, it mi ht be proper to melase the bounty to
those nho se t'e with n the first six month0, af er its
passage, o a quarter or balf-s-ctmn  mere.
But the snggf tion not btin? yielded to-—
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading                                    %
Eng-osspd o 1 p-ovidmg for \%c settlement of tre
accounts of Si as Deane was read tie/third time,
and passed.
THE NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL
On mo ion of Mr EVANS, thairmin of the
Committee oi Finance, the Hottse bill No 76,
mak'pg appropriations for the naval service for the
year 1842, was taken up, as in committee of the
whole.
The first amendment recommended by he Com-
mittee en Finance was, to strike out the proviso m
the first page of the bill, from line nine to line six-
teen, inclusive, which reads as follows
"Provided, That, till otherwise ordered by r ingress, no
part of this, or any future or existing appropriation, shall be
applied to the payment of any officers m the ntvy appo nted
after this date, beyond the number in each grade on the l«tday
of January, 1841 and that the excess now in the service beyond
that number shall be reduced as fast as deaths, resignations,
and promotions will admit "
The question coming up on adopting this amend-
ment,
Mr. WILLIAMS observed that, being a mem-
ber of the Committee cu Naval Aftairs, it devo¡ved
upon bim to state the views of ih? mi ¡only of that
committee on this sub] ct. He wsu. opposed to the
' proposition to strike out this proviso, {-flu he
wished, theiefo-e to 1'now f'om ,. s col'^sgin  what
reason he had to assign fo   th  recommendation.
Mr. EVANS «aid it was not his mtentic o pro-
crastinate the r~sSageof this bill for a * ngle mo-
ment, for, ir it were necessary, he could exhibit to
the Senate u-gent and weighty reasons fcr its spee-
dy enactment, ne should, tl ^refore, abstain from
discussion, unless Senators were determined that
discusión shnjl 5 take place. But, with regard to
the proposed amendment, he would state the rea-
sons which had influenced the Committee on Finance,
to whom tne bill had been referred. The amend-
ment was proposed at the recommendation of the
Committ'e on Naval Affairs, to whom that partic-
ular part of the subject more properly belonged,
and to whom the consideration of the proposition
was submitted The committee had recommend-
ed the proposition, in the first place, because, they
deemed the provision mappropnate to he inserted
in an appropriation bill It was in the wrong
place It proposed legislation, and important legisla-
tion, in respect to ihe organization of the navy,
and it was connected with an appropriation bill,
intended for the support of the navy forthe present
year That was the obj Ci on. If it were desira-
ble to reduce the navy, or to m'roduce any changes
or modifications whatever, they, m the judgment of
theCommit'eeon Finance, should stand upon their
own merits, and be brought forward as an inde-
pendent measure, upon the recommendation of the
appiopnate committee, or of those parties whose
business it was to investigate these matters.
The proviso which it was recommended <hould
be stricken out enacts:
' That ro part of thi« or any future oi existing appropna
tion,shall be appl e' to the payment of any officers in the navy
; appointed aflei this date bey ,ud t ie number in each grade on
the first day of January 1841 and that the excess now in the
service beyond that number shall be reduced as fast as deaths,
resignations and promotions will peí mi "
It seemed, therefore, that the bill proposed to
define and limit the number of the officers in the
naval service, and to declare the nurrbers which
ou[,ht hereafter to be continued m that service.
Now, what evidence was there that the numBer
of officers n com-mssion on the 1st of January,
1841, w?s the number 7hich the service of the
country required' ''Vho examined the subject'
Wno recomraen-'ed the rrac, men 1 The matter
had never be n examiped oi mves tgf ed by the
prop r authon íes There had been no report
frrm the Nwy Commissioners, but the provision
came to them in an appropriation b II from the
Ilou«  o' Repre entatives, aid he vras of opnisn,
th rebre, that it was altogether incorrect and im-
proper— -ot hav ng been recommended by those
woose particular duties called upon tnem to turn
ihe'r a'tent on to the subject.
There was also another reason, and one which
seemed conclusive The Senate had passed Us
jjdement upon this mat'er, and had made a con-
üderaole enlaigement m the naval service. The
Senate, upon due deliberation, had consented to a
certain amount of promotions, and they had done
so, nnques íonarly, upon the idea that it was ne-
cessary for the interests of tee country that such
ad?ancerrert should be made. But ibis bill as-
sumed that all this was unnecessary and irregular,
and proposed to undo all that had been done, and
deliberately done, with the advice and concurrence
of this very body at its last session; and to reduce
