Í26
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- made for another six years. In 1838, another
administration, not quite so favorable to that
branch of service, was in power; and it was found
an accumulation of three millions appropriated had
grown up; and a million and a half of it was car-
ried to the surplus fund.
In 1816, the expenditure for the navy was
$8,686,000; it varied, however, for subsequent
years, from that sum to $4,000,000. But, in 1836,
■ Gen. Jackson renewed the vigor of the service,
and $6,789,000 was expended on the navy; and
for the next and subsequent year, the ameunt was
from #6,000,000 to #7,000,000. Gen. Jackson, in
his farewell address, made many excellent recom-
mendations, which he (Mr. B.) took pleasure in
reading and approving. [Here Mr. B. read ihat
portion of the address relating to the navy, as the
natural, cheapest, and most effectual defence of
the country.] He was most happy to avail him-
self of this authority, which he knew would be so
' potent with a certain portion of the Senate.
No man would deny that an efficient navy is in-
dispensable to the United States. What is it that
renders it necessary? It is the protection of our
commerce. This country is the second commer-
cial nation on the globe. Our canvass is spread
over every region, and whitens every sea. Oar
commercial enterprise penetrates every port of the
civilized world.
Great Britain is the largest commercial power
oft the face of the earth. In McCulloch's Diction-
ary, he found that the tonnage of Great Britain in
1835 was2,783,761 tons; and it was know  thatthe
tonnage of the United States in 1840 was 2,180,764
tons. The British mercantile navy consisted of
25,000 vessels; that of the United Slates of 24,000
vessels; and he estimated the mercantile navy of
Prance at 15,000 vessels. The foreign commerce
alone of the United States, carried on in onr own
bottoms, is wonh two hundred million of dollars a
year. It is on the imports alone that the whole of
this Government U to be maintained. Is it, then,
for the American people to trifle with this great
interest? How, but in tbis way, could the navy of
this country be compared with the navy of Great
Britain?
He contrasted the number of officers in the
Service of the United States with the number in the
navy of Great Britain; and also the number of
vessels in commission, showing that Great Britain
keeps in commission ten times as many officers
and five times as many vessels, as the United States!
The aggregate of commissioned officers in the
naval service of the United Slates is 1,045; in the
naval service of Great Britain, 4,500 ; and yet it
was contended that this country was rivalling Great
Britain in the number and expense of naval of-
ficers !
We have a squadron in the Mediterranean —one
in the East Indies—one in the Pacific, where the
tonnage of the whale-fisheries alone is immense
and of greater interest to the country than its gold
mines—another squadron oh the Brazil station__a
small force on  the coast of Africa—and, final! t-
there is the home squadron on our own coast and
the West Indies.   But how do these squadrons
compare with those of the naval stations of Great
Britain?   The home  squadron has in charge a
coast of fourteen or fifteen hundred miles, stretch-
ing from Passamaquoddy   to the mouth of ihe
Amazon.   Tne Secretary of the Navy proposes to
distribute the naval force as follows: In the Medi-
terranean, two ships of the line, lour frigates  and
four sloops and brigs—in all, ten vessels; on the'
Brazil station, two ships of the line, four tribales
and four sloops and brigs, ts interchange with the
Mediterranean squadron; in the Pacific, one ship
of the line, two frigates, and four sloops; and a
similar squadron in the East Indies, to interchange
with the Pacific squadron; the home squadron to
consist of one ship of the line,  three frigates, and
three iloops; on the African coast, one frigate' and
four sloops and brigs; four steamers in the G 'lf of
Mexico, and four steamers on the  lakes.    There
■will thus be in commission 7 ships of ¡he line 23
sloops andbiigs, and 8 sclu one/*: in a'l, 54 ves-
sels.                _                                        '          ra
-"L?16 c0nsiderali01  for increasing the officers of
••fewtvy grew cut of the fact that the nava! ser-
vice is a protection due to commerce, on which the
country has to rely for the means of defence, and
for the maintenance of Government. It is a ser-
vice in which naval cffic rs, the prime materiel of
defence, are to be trained up for future exigencies;
for it was not to be expected the world would al-
ways remain at peace. Mr. B. argued at great
length the necessity of adopting the suggestions of
the majority'of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
And he contended that to go back to the condition
of the service in January, 1841, would be disas-
trous lo the efficiency of the navy. If there was to
be a surplus of officers in any grade, it ought to be
in that of captains. From the nature of things,
there would be found the greatest inefficiency.
For forty years of their lives exposed to hardships
in every climate, it was to be expected that the
greatest physical inability would be found. No
allowance had been made for the inefficiencies of
old age, of accidents, of sickness, and of the re-
sults of injuries received in constitution or bodily
frame. He pointed out many reasons for having
a double number of captains.
It would be found, in relation to the sea service,
that it was indispensable to have, as a general rule,
at least two for one; that is, as many in reserve as
on service. Thai, however, would not be the pro-
portion required by the Secretary of the Navy m
effect. In the distribution of the force just men-
tioned, there would be 45 on duty, including those
employed onshore. The whole number .would be
105; but, taking from this one-third, unfit for ser-
vice, there would be 70 available; from which de-
ducting 45 on service, there would hs but 25 to
kei?p up the interchange of those on duty.
He regarded the proviso in the House bill as a
blow against the officers of the navy—that portion
of the materiel of national defence on which the
safety of the country front forciiin enensies must
mainly depend. This   a materiel which cannot
be built up in a day, or a year—it takes an age of
training and progression. It mast be sustained
and encouraged, if we mean to preserve our rank
in the family of nations.
Mr. WILLIAMS could not see that the Senator
from Delaware had, by contrasting the naval force
of this country with that of Great Britain, shuwn
any'necessity for making such an expensive change
in the system which hsd been found sufficient far
a series of years, What did we want with post-
captains?
Mr. BAYARD asked leave to explain. He
sta<ed that, in th'? ports adjacent to navy-yards, in
addition to those persons in charge of the na'vy-
yards, it was necessary to have post-caplains to
take charge of vessels in port.
Mr. WILLIAMS did not see the necessity sap-
posed by the Senator. Bot he was not disposed to
raise any difficulties, embarrassing to the service-
and he would, therefore, suggest a change in the'
proviso; it would be effected by striking out of the
14th line, the figures 1841, and mseriing 1842, so
as not to interfere with officers holding commissions
last January.
Mr. BAYáRD observed that the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Williams] had been under mistake in
not considering that one of his (Mr. B.'s) obi c-
tions to the proviso, was, that it would go back
with a view of retrenching the number of officers
now in commission, as deaths and vacancies should
occur. The Senator's proposition now removes
a great part of the difficulty. Bat there was, ano-
ther objection not yet removed; and that was, to
the introduction of this proviso at all ¡ato amere
appropriation hi!.
Mr. EVANS .-aid the amendment would render
the proviso much ¡e<s exceptionable, but would not
sa¡i>fy him; and be should, therefore, vote >o
strike out the proviso, e/fti if amended. He
hoped, however, that his colleague would so far
mod.fy his amendment &y, instead of Jauua-y
1642, to mak° it ihe officers nets in service             '
Mr. WILLIAMS did not know whether tSof 
we.fi many officers who would bi afffct.-d bv the
ch-inge; but be would prefer having í¡:e quistion
taken on his amendment in lis original form.
The question was then taken on the amendment
and it was adopted.                                                '
Mr. EVANS then moved to amend the proviso,
by striking out "on ihe 1st day of January, 1842,"
[as amended,] and inserting, af'er tae word
"gradei," the words "now in service."
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that he understood
the object ef this amendment was to leave the
number of officers the same as now commissioned.
Mr. EVANS said it was.
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. WALKER inquired if the amendaient
would leave the officers as they now stood?
Mr. EVANS said it would.
Mr. SEVIER wi'hdrew his call for the yeas
and nays.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. EVANS then moved to strike out the whole
proviso.
Mr. TAPPAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. CONRAD moved to strike out "or any fu-
ture;" which was nst agreed to.
And, before the question was taken on the prop-
osition to strike out the proviso,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Ttje«day, June 14, 1842.
Mr. WELLER pre-ented a memorial,signed by
sundry ciiizens of Butler Gounty, Ohio, (111 in
number,) asking Congress to pass such a tariff bill
as will extend proper protection to domestic indus-
try, &c: referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the itate of the Union.
Mr. READ of Pennsylvania presented the peti-
tion of Samuel Halstead, of Luzerne county, Penn-
sylvania.ipraymg that he may be allowed a pen-
sion on Recount of revolutionary services.
\          /     TIIE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
-Mr. loHN YOUNG moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the House, on yesterday, re-
fused ío concur in the amendment of the Senate to
the apportionment bill, increasing the ratio from
50,179 to 70,680. He also moved the previous
question, and that there be a call of the House.
Mr. HALL inquired whether the apportionment
bill was ihe special order for the day?
Toe SPEAKER was understood to say that it
was; and the pendisg question was the motion of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,]
to concur with the Senate in their amendment al-
lowing an additional Representative to States hav-
ing fractions greater than one-moiety of the ratio.
The motion for a reconsideration, however, was
privileged, and always in order.
The question was then propounded, "Shall there
be a cal I of the House?" and decided in the affirm-
ative. The roll was called, and 190 numbers an-
swered to their names.
Mr. YOUNG tben moved to suspend all further
proceedings in the call.
Mr. EVERETT hoped the House would go on
and receive excuses.
Toe Hou;e refused to suspend the call.
The names of the absentees were ihen called
over, for the purpose of receiving excuses; and
after 17 gentlemen had been excused—                  '
On motion of Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL further
proceedings in the call were dispensed with
Mr. JOHN YOUNG inquired whether if his
motion to reconsider the vote of yesterday was al-
lowed to he over, it would ügain come up, subject
to tie operation of ihe previous question.
Tae SPEAKER rerhed that it would.
Mr Yon-Bo's motion having been laid aside by
genera, consent, the question came up upon the
second asnondwnt of the Senate
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi wished to offer
.in amendment to the clause  allowing fractional
representation.     He wished  to  have the  words
«one moiety  stricken cut, and "30,000" inserted
so as to give an additional represeniative for thirty
thousand persons, instead of one-half of the ratio
Hr said ii the bdl should pass in its present form
and no provision be made for fractional representa-
tion, it would opsrat. injuriously npon one section
of the Union-the Southern  and   Southwestern
States.    Ou Mississippi especially—which, should
the ratio oí fifty thousand be adopted, would have
