CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                      ,;ifff
a fraction of forty-seven thousand  unrepresented ;
its operation would be peculiarly bard.
He had, himself, some doubt whether the princi-
ple of allowing fractions to be represented was
proper, and in accordance with the Constitution
By allowing a Representative for fractions amount-
ing to thirty thousand, the difficulty would be re- !
moved. The objections to the principle awe from
the veto message of General Washington to the
first apportionment bill, in which it was introduced.
He revered the opinion oí General Washington as
much as any man, but thought that the adoption of I
this number (thirty thousand) would obviate the
objections which were urged by that statesman.
One objection contained in the veto message was,
that there would be no common divisor in case
fractions were allowed to be represented He
(Mr. T ) thought there was no necessity for a com-
mon divisor. He thought if tie apportionment
were made so that each member would represent
more than thirty thousand people, there could be
ho objection to the measure.,
Here Mr. EVERETT rose and inquired whether
the motion to reconsider the vote of yesterday had  ,
been withdrawn?
The SPEAKER said it bad not; but lay over.
Mr.  EVERETT contended   that   the   mot.on  I
could not lie over without   the consent of the I
House.
The SPE UiER «-aid that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. J Young] had inquired whether
his mouon could not he over, and He had r> spond-
ed in the affirmative, no object'on being made.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON claimed the floor.
As he understood it, the question before the Home-
was upon the proposition to allow fracuonal repre-
sentation If the Clerk would send him the veto
message of General Washington, he would notice
the objections contained tnerein
Mr. EVERETT again niteriup'ed Mr. T , and
said he wished to understand distinctly what was
the question before the House.
After a brief explanation from the SPEAKER,
Mr. EVERETT  insisted that a mo ion which
had been received  by  the  House  could rot be
passed over by any agreement made between the
Speaker and a member m conversation.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
no objection was made when the motion to recon-
sider was laid over.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON expressed his wil- (
lingness to waive his right to speak, and allow the |
vote to be taken upon the motion to recons,der the
vete rejecting the ra'io of 70,680 Should the
vote be reconsidered, and that ratio adop'rd, he
should n >t press his amen tment, >nasmuch as
30,000 was notna'f of the m1 o
Mr. EVERETT said this declama ion itself
showed the propriety o first voting upon the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote of yesterday rejecting
the first amendment of the Senate. No voie upon .
the principle of fractional representation would be
a test, unless the ratio were previously fixed.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he was perfectly
willing to ¡et the vote be so taken.
Considerable confusion now prevailed, m the
midst of which—
Mr EVERETT raid he would appeal from the
decision of the Speaker, according to winch the
motion to reconsider had be?n passeH over. He said
such was the confusion in the half, and w"ich the
Speaker allowed to pievail there, that it was im-
possible to know what was going on. The mouon
made by the gentleman from N"w York [Mr.
Young] cou'd not be passed over, except by gene-
ral consent; and he had not heard that consent was
given.
The SPEAKER said th < the vote to r-ronsider
was a privileged question, and received by ,eave of
the House, which couH either take it up or post
pone it. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Yodno] who macie the motion, had expiessed a
desire to have it laid over, and the Chair htard no
objection. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Thompson] immediately offered his amendment,
and had been addressing the House for five min-
utes, before he was interrupted and objection made
by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Evirett.]
Mr. C. BROWN said, if it was m order, he
would now move the reconsideration himself.
Here some conversation took place between
Messrs HOPKINS, THOMPSON, C. BROWN,
aad the SPEAKER; after v hi-h, the motion lo re-
considei was declared to be before the House.
Mr GORDON was about to speak, but was
called io order by
Mr. J. YOUNG, who contended tha* the pre-
vious question had been moved
The previous question was put and carried; af-
ter which, the House refused to reconsider the vote
of yesterday, non-concurring in the amendment
cf the Senate increasing the ratio of representation
from 50,179 lo 70,680, by a vole of 106 to 108,
as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Sherlock J
Andrews, Aopletorj, Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack Black,
Bronson, AaionV Blown, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Wil-
liam Butler, Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell, Thomas I
Campbell,! asey,Chapman, Ghitds,Chittenden, John C Clark,
fetaley N fluke Coles Cravens, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Evei
ett, Pessenden, Fillmoie, Thomas V Foster, Gamble, Gerry,
Gilmer, Goggm, Pa'rick G Goode, Granger, Gustine, Gwm,
Hall, Hatsted, Hopkins Houston, Howard, Hunter, Hunt,
Tames Irvin, Jack, Tames, Cave Johnson, John W Tones,
Lane, Lewis, McKay, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Matthews, Mat-
tocks, Maxwell, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Morrow, Parmenter, Pickens, Pope, Powell, Proffit, Ben
lamín Randall, Rando'ph, Read, Rencher, Rhett, Ridgway,
Rogers, William Russell, J M Russell, Saltonstall, Saunders,
Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Truman Smith, Sprlgg, Stokely,
Alexander H H <tuart, (ohn T Smart, Sweney, Taliaferro,
JohnB Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Trumbull, Purney, Underwood, Wallace, Warren Washington,
Watlerson, Pdward IT White, Themas W Williams James
W Williams, Ausus'us Young, an I Tohn Young—106
NA\S—Messrs" Adams, Arnold, Atherton, Aycngg, Baker,
Birdseye, liUu Boavdman, Botts, Bowne, Boyd Biewster,
Iír]£2&, Brockway, Jeremiah Blown, Buike Burnet!, William
O Butlei,Gleeo W Caldwell, Calhoun, William B Camp-
bel' Caiuthei>, Cl fford, Clinton, Colquitt,James Cooper, Mark
A Coopei, Cowen, Cianston Cushmff, Richard D Davis,
Dean, Deueiry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John Edwards, John C
I. ¡wards, Egbeit, Ferris, John G Floyd, Charles A Floyd,
Tornarce A L Foster, G-ntry, Giddn gc William O Goode,
Goidon Graham, Green, Habersham, Harris John Hastings,
Hays, Houck, Hubard, Hudson, Charles J Ingeisoll, Joseph
R Ingersoll William W Irwin, William Cost Johnson,
Keim, John P Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy, King, Linn I Kile
field, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKen
nan, McKeon, Alfred Marshall, Mtynard, Morris, Newhard,
Oliver, CWjorne, Owsley, Patridge, Payne, Pendleton, Plumei,
Ram ay, Alexander Randall, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rodney,
Roosevelt, Shaw, Simonton, Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod, Stiat
ton, Summeis, Sutruer, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Tnp-
lett, Van Buren, Weller Joseph L White, Wood, and Yorke—
108
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi then resumed
his speech, by observing that the vote just taken,
he presumed, might be taken as evidence that ihe
House was inclined to adhere to 50,000 as the
rano of representation.
Atter a few observations on tho constitutionality
of the representation of fract'ons, he submitted the
awendme"', of which be had more particularly
spoken, it was in the following words- fctrike out
"one moiety of the said ratio," and tn«ert "thirty
tnousand persons."
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York was aware that
the apportionment of Representauvesamongthe sev-
eral States of the Union was a difficult and delicate
question;—difficult, as, by the rule prescribed by the
Constitution, inequalities must exist; and delicate,
as the bill proposed to apportion the amount of
political power the States were to wield, for ten
year*, in the popular branch of the National Legis-
lature. Bi'K of this character had generally given
rise to excited and protrae'ed ditcussion. The
smaller S ate-, jealous of the political power and
influence of t'ie larger, 1 ad always favored the
pruicr/'eot rep esenling the l?rj,er fraction pro-
duce 1 ry „pp ,mg >he ratio of represeua'ion as a
div   or to the federal  pop ila'ion of ihe States.
Ho r^arded the principle t í .racíioivl repre-
sen ¿'ii n 'o H nrjc nstmitiona', an 1 he considered
that the ques An oí ron ti nticn il construction was
settled bj ihepa^t ^d on oi th° Governrr-ent. Tae
qnps ion inv I r'n h" a.nnidmep' from the S n-
ate was at u '1 and d term nei hi he first Coa-
are-s tl i'p uniif-d Sta es Ti.e appomonmert
bdl whi-h r. s <d tie fo Houses of Co'igres-,
recogoi _d >oe p iQciple rf n-pre ent.ng he largei
fiaction in thá S'atcs. Ti,e bill «« <-en> <o Pre-i-
d*nl Washington, and the principle was succeed
to fn able discussion in his cabiret. After full
cons.dera .en of the constitutional qies.on, the
bill was vetoei on two grounds. Ihe second ob-
jeción, hiwever, he (Mr, McCluxlu ) did not
conceive was applicable to the present bill; nor
was it the rnam objection upon principle, which:
operated on the mind of Washington to veto the
bill. It adopted thirty thousand as the ratio of
representation, which is the minimum number en-
tilled by the Constitution to be represented. To
allow the major fraction in any State, with such a
ratio, to be represented, would violate the Consti-
tution, as the members in such State would sever-
ally represent a federal population of less than
thirty thousand.
The ratio of the present bill being over 50,00Of
the second objeciion of President Washington,
would not apply; for, if an additional member was
added to any State having a maj"cr fraction, the
members would severa'ly represent a population of
over thirty thousand, the minimum limit fixed by
the Constitution. But if was the first objection
which was alone applicable to the present bill, and
to all b.lls apportioning Representatives. And it
proceeded upon the principle that Representatives
were not to be apportioned among the people of the
United St?tes as an entirety-—as a whole. It was
not intended by the framers of the Constitution that
this should be a consolidated Government, but
that the people of the States, as independent sover-
eignties, should be represented. The Constitution
prescribes that Representatives shall be appor-
tioned amona; the several States Nof the Union,
(and not among the people of the Union as an en-
tirety,) according to their respective numbers; and
if they gave New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and
Vermont, each, a member for tractions, there would
b% in the language of President Washington, no
one proportion or divisor, which, applied to the
respective numbers of the States, would yield the
number and allotment proposed by the bill.
Hence inequalities would exist, and independent
S ate represen'at.on be destroyed.
After ihe veto of the first bill was sent to tlje
House of Representatives, another bill was intro-
duced, designating a ratio of representation, and
rejecting all fractions produced, by applying it as
a divisor to the federal population of the States.
This bill became a law, and was the first appor-
tionment of Representatives under the Constitu-
tion. And the principle contained in that bill had
been recognised and sanctioned by every successive
apportionment bill from that day to tins. The
question may, therefore, be considered as settled
by the uniform action of the Government.
He was aware that the question was opened and
discussed in both Houses of Congress in 1832. It
called forih an able report in the Senate from Mr.
Webster, in favor of representing fractions; aad
one of equal abiit'y from the late Speaker of this
House, (Mr Polk of Tennessee,) against the prin-
ciple. It resulted in adopting a bill designating a
laiio, and rejecting the principle of fractional rep-
resentation.
He was surprised when he read the voluminous
report of the able member from Vermont, [Mr.
Everett,] who is at the head of the committee
having this bill in charge     That honorable mem-
ber, instead of giving the House a detailed report,
adhering to the past action of the Government, and
adopting the principle of ' stare anttquas vtas," he
introduces into his report the able reports of Mr.
Webs'er and Mr Polk, and thus invited the House
to re ( pen and re adjudicate a question of settled
constitutional  construction    The   House  would
recollect tbaf, when the bi 1 was first before it, the
gen lemán f om Vermont [Mr. Everett] had great
difficulty in b'speakmg ¡he attention of the House
to his principle of fractions, but now (said Mr.
McC ) we hive a other ' Richmond in ihe field,"
in the person ot the ver cable member from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mi   ADtMb,]  the Jupiter Tonans of
this House, and he now proposes to administer the
ft adían il «ose rec ¿amended to u« by the Ssnate;
and he has etteoip'ei to sugar %t over so thick wtift
Democracy, in the hope ihat the House would be
induced to swallow the consol ddtion  pill.    Mr.
McC   tru^cd Ihe Hjusb \ ou'd rot swallow it,
however gilded
Mr McC. said he had another oí jecuon to the
principle of represen ti) g fract on , it was unjust to
the larg-r St-tes. He bad um'ormly voted for the
lowest ratio, and he was willing to adopt that ratio
