CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         m
gress m the attitude of repealing the only laws by
which revenue might be derived. He did not wish
to deal unfairly with the bill, and would, there-
fore, read it He then read the bill by which the
present revenue laws are to continue in force untu
the first day of August, "and no longer." -These
words "and no longer," he contended, would .have
the effect of leaving the country entirely without
revenue laws. Where was the security for the bill
ill its present shape? The committee was to'd that
the present la'vs would not be in force after the
30th of Jane, when the duties would be reduced to
20 per cent. Suppose the bill be passed, and the
1st of Aug tst arrive without action- would no' the
Government be in as bad a condition as at the end
of June? Bat it went farther than that The
words "and no lcngT" contained a, pos tive a re-
peal of all existing laws, as if they had been re-
pealed in express language
It the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means wished to obviate this objection, it was
easy for him to do so. I>t the bill stop in the
tenth line; and then its effect would be to continue
existing laws until the further action of Congress.
In that case, there would be no doubt of the pas-
sage of this bill. What was its object? To allow
time to Congress to deliberate upon permanent
revenue law . That object could be attained by
declaring that the present law shall rema n in
force until further action by Coigress. But he
heard the honorable chairman of Ways and Mean 
whisper across, that there might oe no action on the
part of Congress He thanked him for the whis-
per. He wished to show t iat the gen leman, in
this bill, give Congress six week  to deliberate,
but if, at the end of hat penod, t.o tariff should be
matured, theie were to be no revenue latss All
the means of the Givcrnment were exhausted
Only six weeks remained to di>cuss the tariff, and
yet we were called on to repeal ?11 exiting laws
unless Congress should take further action prior to
the lit of August.
Nor was this all. The bill before he commi t< e
violated the compromise acts—acts recognised by
Congress as such. He was not cne 01 tho^e who
attached a'acred character to on mat y acto passed
by Congress In the Legislature of Vi'gmu he
had declined declaring that the compromise act ot
1833 was sacred. He would not declare the Con-
stitution sacred, and there was but one book or
written instrument in the world to which he would
apply that appellation. He would, however, say
that this bill violated compact ; and the faun of
man was as much involved in the defence of a
compact of a simple as of a sacred character.
About twelve month  since, when this Congiess
found írelf in extra serien, the opponents of the
land distribution bill, which was then introduced,
objected tj it on the ground that it would m'erfere
with the compromise ot 1833, increase the taxes,
and take from tí e peopie with one hand, while it
gave with the other.
The clause limiting the operation of the law to
the period during which the co ^promise act of ] 833
should not be violated, was engrafted wi h the bill,
as a guaranty thit the consequences wnich its op-
ponents foretold would not ensue It wa«, the-e-
fore, a compromise agreed upon by the fnenls of
the distribution law to secure its passage Indeed,
it was a double compromise, since it secured the
former compromise of 1833 Bj< th« p.esent bill
violates both of these eomorrmises. And gentle-
men here declared they would vote for a distribu-
tion of the land fund, wh ther the duties on imports
be 20 or 50 per cent
He would not disM's tV qaesiion,  n hose ex-
travagance it was that  soent the ranrey m our
treasury, ?m brought us to our present necessities
Oar neres-wes exi ted, and were likely to put in
force the clause of the oftribuuoi Saw wh ch re
pealed itself    The question  now   was   whether
Congress would re-°nact the dU.tbution .aw,   n-
out the 20 per cent pioViS op, whether ¡hey would
give away the land mope?, ievence oi no revenue
Should the distnonnon Li bu re-enacted, w, horn
regard to the tax which wilt have u be imposeü
upon the people, who pre to receive the money
This was the true question; and all that the oppo
Rents pi distribution asked w&s, that iu  mends
would adhere to the very principles on which the
law was enacted Were we to be told that there
was no such thing as public faith? that, although
Congress had pledged its faith in that very law
against any increase of taxes, We were at liberty to
disregard it ?
In the present state rf the finances of the coun-
try, Congress was called on to re-enact the distri-
bution law His friend near him [Mr Under
wood] would recollect that, at the extra session of
Congress, he had attempted to argue the distribu-
tion of the public lands as a fiscal question He
did not deny ihe cons'itutional power to distribute
the proceeds of the public lands, but, in consider-
ing the question, he had regard to the condition of
the treasury. He would not, like h s colleague,
[VIr Goaarir,] bring up local questions in this de-
bate, because he thought they cotld be better dis-
cussed, and more appropriately, upon the stump.
He would, however, «ay, that the proceedings in
the Virginia Legislature, to which his colleague re-
ferred as sanctioning the distribution law, had
reference to a surplus in the treasury.
Mr. GOGGIN said that, at the time the proceed-
ings to which he referred took place, the Govern-
ment was issuing Treasury notes.
Mr GILMER continued. The Government was
then out of debt, and had an oveiflowiDg treas-
ury. How d fferent was Us situation at this time;
and vthst a difftrent aspect did the question of dis-
tribution present now, compared with what it did
then1 He cited the case of a faimer who, when
out if debt, might afford to be generous. Men, as
tne old adage went, should be just before they were
generous The Government, he thought, hid ro
right to be generous and least of all should it
sqaander its means when its resources were crip-
pled What would be thought of the farmer who
would give away his sub*tance in such a si uation,
when he could not provide for his wife and chil-
dren at home?
He had no adverted to tie Virgma proceedings
for the purpose oí rnngng them under review;
bjt fot the puipose of showing that the P es dent,
and tho^e ac ing with him, always corceded that
the lands shouid not be given to ihe Sta'e?, unless
there was moremoney in the treasury than enough
to defray the expenses of the Government They
rtqmred, as a prerequisite to distribution, that
there shouid be no violation of the compromise act
whatever, economy in the admi nstrauon of the
Government, and a reduction of the public expen-
ditures
It was obviojs that there were three parties in
the House at this time- the fi st was in favor of a
1'jgh  miff for protection   the  second had for its
piimary object the attainment of distribution,  the
third went for revenue only—conceding the power
to raise an adequate amount, but at the same time
advocating low taxes and low expendituies   There
were, then,  the high-tariff party, the  distribution
party, and the party in favor of low taxes and
low expenditures      The object <=ou?ht  after  by
many g^ntlem^n wa- to  unite   th° fir t two, and
get  protection and  d strib if oa as  we'l     There
seemed to be some «ymptrms rf division between
fhe'two  wing , and this bill was intinduced to
cement them together—to give the manufacturers
protection, and the frieVs rf d stab won tne land
money     He wou'd not dwell fuither upon the
division, non noslrvm tiritas cowponere hies    If this
bit1, however, did not pass, ihe di tr.bution msn
wou'd have to stick to the compromise, and advocate
low taxes and low expenditures, before ¡hey could
get the land mone).
He was one of "those who had endeavored to re-
duce the expenditures of the Government, believ-
ing tlm they were above the stan-ard required by
the honor and interests of the Government. He
d.d so, b->caas<  it matteied not in whit form bur-
dens were imposed on tne people  they had a light
to complain, untes  theie was some just gtound
for the imposition rf taxes. He was opposed to
this bill m its pre-ent shape. If it was ¡eally de-
¡sign d by its advocates to accomplish the objects
which its title purported, how#aiy it was to sus-
pend the operation of the distribution law in the
same manner m which ¡t was proposed to suspend
the levenue 'aws, which would take effect oa the
I
30th of June? Why bad not the chairman of ihe
Committee of Ways and Means, who foresaw the
consequences now at hand, and who had the com-
promise bill staring him, in the face long ago, in-
troduced this measure at an earlier period of the
session? That gentleman knew what laws were in
force, and what would be the consequence of post-
poning action; yet it was not until near the mid-
die of June that he came forward with the present
bill—a temporary measure, repealing all the reve-
nue laws of the country, unless Congress should
take action in six weeks The gentleman had
spoken of demagogues m connexion with the op-
ponents of this bill. That might have been a Up$us
lingua on the part of the gentleman; but it was a
hard word. It seemed to him that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means—the first
lord of the treasury, as he had been termed—[here
Mr Fillmore smiled,] might have known that the .
30th of June would arrive, and the compromise act *
go into full effect Without intending any disre- 9
sDect towards that gentleman, his course reminded
him of a young person playing with a piece of
ordnance. If any cne told him that the revenue
laws required forecaste, he either said the person
was a demagogue, or a special friend oí the
President He did not desire at this time
to enter into ihe quesnons referred to by his
colltague, (Mr Goggin,] but would merely say,
in conclusion, that if the present bill was made to
continue the present revenue laws, and to suspend
the operation of the distribution law according to
the amendment of his friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Thompson ] he would vote for it, inasmuch as the
public faith would be preserved, and ample time
afforded to discuss the general revenue bill. He
ventured to say, if the operation rf the present
revenue laws was continued as they existed, the
bill might be passed in five minutes. He thought
that neither the friends of protection nor of dis-
tribution could complain of this course, as they
both would have amp'e opportunities to discuss
their principles, and endeavor to cairy them out,
when the large revenue bills came up for consid-
eration.
Mr W C JOHNSON commenced with a de-
nunciation of the "one-hour rule," as one of the
abrminalions of the session; by the operation of
which, be should not be able to discuss the im-
portant question before the committee to his satis-
faction He then recapitulated the opinions and
positions ot previous speakers, and said, to him it
wis not a vital question whether this bill should
pass cr fail. He next explained the motives with
which he had advocated the distribution of the
proceeds of the p iblic land, and reviewed the pro-
ceedings of the two Houses of Congress on that
subject, and he gave notice that, if the distribution.
law was rendered inoperative, he should ask leave
to introduce a bill for the assumption of the State
debts
Mr GORDON replied at length to the remark',
of Mr Johnson, contending, in opposition  te that
gentleman, that the distribution ?ct was passed as
a financial question, that it received the sanction of
the two Houses ct Congress, and of the Execu-
tive,  on the ground that  the money was m the
trea ury, and could oe spared, and that it was not
passed on the assumption that the lands belonged
of right to the States.   In support of this position,
Mr G. quoted ihe clause in the bill wb.ch provides
lhat the distribution shall cease whenever it may
be found  Lecessary to rar-e  dutes oa   imports
above twenty per cent.   If the public lands were
held by the General Government as a trust-fund,
as argued by the gentleman, then Congress cooli
only apply them m tne manner designated m the
deeds of trust   Nowhere was Congress authorized
to sell the lands, and give the proceeds to the States,
and moreover, if, according to tne doctrine of the
gentleman, the purposes of the  tiust were aceom-
p'ished   and   the General Government   had  no
longer any right to hold the lands, they ihould
then be restored to the States who ceded  them,
amon  which the S ate of New York was a lame
grantor    But Mr. G   entended th.it  ihe g'ants
were absolute to  the Genera' Governm- .t   t .
the purposes therein mentioned, aftrr  the i<-t-ki
pushment of which, the GoYerament v a   .a   * 
