massing any new appointments for the naval ser-
vice. It was very well known that there was
every disposition to retrench, wherever the public
policy admitted of retrenchment. But this proviso
comes in a shape so obnoxious, that he hoped sen-
timents of' just pride would induce the Senate to
eradicate it from this bill. He weuld ask not
alone his political friends, but the gentlemen on
the other side—was it wise, «as it prudent, was >t
expedient, to allow the hands of the Senate to be
tied up by a legislative enactment, leaving them-
selves and the Executive incompetent !o perform
their duties to the count! y in any sudden or utifor-
seen exigency? Last summer a liberal increase
to the number of navy officers was made; but was
it not very well known that many of the most bril-
liant and d¿serving young officers in the service,
who were at the time on foreign service, were neg-
lected and passed over, because they were not here
to push their suits for promotion? Was it just
that now, on their return, it was to be put ost of
the power of (he Executive to -reward them for
their services? Be believed it was indispensable
to the service, that some new appointments should
be made before the close of this session; but he
did not mean to say that the addition should be
thirty or twenty: he meant only some. It was
contemplated by the Committee on Naval Affairs
to report a bdl making considerable improvements
and modifications in the service. When recom-
mended, they may or they may not be adopted;
but if they shall bo adopted, they wiU remove
much of the objections brought forward by tho^e
who think there is a necessity for introducing this
proviso in an appropriation bill. Fie was free to
admit that it was his opinion there were already
too many midshipmen in the United States navy.
England, with ten guns to our one, has little more
than four hundred midshipmen in her service;
while we have upwards of three hundred. One oí
the reforms contemplated is to establish a naval
school for the education of youth for the midship-
men service. One great object to be attained by
this would be !o educate young Americans for the
service, and those only would be promoted whose
abilities and fitness rendered them eligible. There
would be no chance for favoritism or interest—the
sole test for promotion being merit and capability.
Another reform was, that of establishing the far-
lough system, and a more select plan of promo-
tions. He could not expect the Senate to decide,
in advance, m favor of these reformations. They
are mere collateral issues at present. But all he
asked was, that they should not be prejudge1; aad
that the possibility of their efficacy might be ad-
mitted.
Taeie were but 45 capUias of the present num-
ber fit for service. There are 08 in commission;
but one-third of this number must be utterly un-
qualified for actual service. Toe Secretary of the
Navy assured him yes'erday afternoon, that at
least one-third of the captains in the service must
be worn oat, and unfit for longer service. It was
an English naval maxim, that a safor is an old
man at 40 years of age. Many of the captains of
the United States navy are far beyond that sge.
There are but 45 actually efficient. Yet the Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Williams] admitted yester-
day that 55 would not bs more than rfquisite.
The report of the minority of the Committee on
Naval Affairs admits that 22 captains are indis-
pensable for the service at sea, and 19 on shore.
Bat if 22 must be kept at sea, 22 should also be
kept in reserve on shore. Tftere would then be 22
at sea, 22 on shore in reserve, and 19 employed on
land—making, in all, 63.
Mr. C. pointed otH the necessity of naval sta-
tions on the Pacific ocean, growing out of the revo-
lutionary nature of some half-dozen unsettled re-
publics on the western shores of the American con-
tinent. Tae protection of commerce and the whale
fishery, amid such changes and conflict.", required
an efficient squadron in those seas. Such a service
was continually callm? for relays of officers.
Who were going to be promoted? Were they not
men who had clung to their professions with des-
perate fidelity till all o'her sources of livelihood
were placed beyond their reach? Is it not clear that
this principle ought to be established—that any man
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who devotes himself to the service for thirty years,
thereby cutting himself off from the advantages of
other pursuits, should then be promoted to the rank
of post-captain at leas? It is related of a youth in
England, about to enter the British naval service,
that, being asked if he expected to be a post-captain
before he would be an old man, replied, "He
would not enter the service at all, if he did not ex-
pect, by that time, to be an admiral of the blue "
That was the spirit which ought to be encouraged
as a sumulus to enter the seryice of the United
States.
Mr. CUTHBERT observed that the Senator
from Massachusetts had launched a project for re-
form in the naval service. But, he would ask, was
there, in that project, to be no limitation?
He asked what was the necessity for an unlimit-
ed discretion in f-«e Executive, for appointments?
Mr. ARCHER remarked that a system of limit-
ation was in contemplation. It wonld grow oat
of the system of raising officers from a naval
school; as the appointments would necessarily be
according to th* wants of the service, and the fit-
ness of those chosen for the junior ranks, subse-
quently to be advanced by seniority and merit.
Mr. SEVIER said he had never heard two
more extraordinary speeches than those which had
been made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
and the gentleman from Delaware. It had b en
moved to strike out this proviso; and for what
reason? They were told by the Senators thai if
the proviso was not stricken out, the Senate and the
Executive would have their hands tied in relation
to appointments. This was the doctrine held by
Senators-; and it was upon this that they appealed
to the Senate to s'nke out the proviso. They con-
tended that, as the Senate had got the power,
whether justly or wrongfully, they ought to keep
it; not that the House would not co-operate and
go with the Senate in ¡his matter, but that Senators
wouid not trust them. This was a mest extraor-
dinary doctrine to influence the Senate, and induce
ihem to reject the proviio of the Hiuse, and refuse
them the privilege of having any thing to say about
'he matter. The pioviso allowed them to retain
the number of officers which there Were at present;
but the Senate reject it, and say—No; we h>v« got
the power, and we will keep it. If he (Mr.
SüVier) were a member of the House, he would
lose the whole bill before he would yield the pro-
viso. The bill should fail, and fail forever, before
he wouid submit to be deprived of the proviso,
af:er the avowal they hid heard, that the whole
naval establishment ought to depend upon the
Executive and the Senate,
The principal objection seemed to be, that this pre-
vision was inserted in an appropriation bill. And why
was it so? Because the House knew well enough
that if they did not get it passed iu the appropria-
tion bill, they never would get it. He (Mr. S.)
was glad it had been inserted. The gentleman
from Massachusetts had made an excellent speech
in favor of the navy. Was there any man who
was opposed to the continuance of the naval estab-
lishment? He believed not. But the House very
naturally desired to have a voice in the matter; and
if they had the pluck which he believed they had,
they would let the bill be lost before they would
yield the proviso.
Thev hid been told by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts ¡hat another ship was at this moment re-
quued upon the coast of Morocco. Well, they
had a steamship lying within sight of the Capitol—
why not send her? Whether the navy was too
large or too small, was not the question : if it
was too small, let a bill be brought in to increase
it, and he would vote for it. But he hoped the
proviso would stand where it was, and be adopted
by the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD said the Senator from Arkansas
was mistaken in supposing there was no check on
the Executive, The Senate was an effectual check,
and one that had often been used. The Senator
did not consider that a navy consisted of various
things besides officers—among them, were materials
for building and equipping vessels. The construc-
tion of ships is another. And then there is the
right which the PresiJent of the United States is
necessarily invested with, of making use of these
.....                               m%,
■ ■ "fiMii-r  i r^..^.,„_tj.i,,.,-lriit,.,. -y- , i-ir--   vrfiYrr— - n--'->'--'---~-|^,                    |   .
ships for the public service. Then there was the
procurement of officers and men educated profes-
sionally a!t sea. The number requisite must de-
pend on the number of ships in commission; and
the number of ships depends on the materials, ord-
nance, provisions, and equipments provided for tae
construction and stores of the vessels. These are
all individually controlled by law—so that there is
a chain of checks and limitations from beginning .
to end; and the House of Representatives has com- .
plete control of the whole in the appropriation bills. >
Officers of the navy could not be educated for th«
service in a day or a year. It is a profession pro-
gressive in its attainments. But this proviso in-
terferes, and ties up the hands of the Executive and
the Senate, from the performance of the duty which
is their province—the use of the appointing power.
It is an indirect way of reaching the object of re-
striction, to say the Executive and Senate may ap-
point as many officers as they please, but there
shall be no pay allowed for such officers beyond a
certain number; and was not this the same as
' abridging the appointing power? If there was no
other objection to this proviso, this was a sufficient
one; but there was another altogether insurmounta-
ble in his mind—¡hat such a proviso had no busi-
ness in an appropriation bill.
Mr. WALKER did not rise to discuss this ques- .,
tion, but to make a suggestion. It had been said
that, if the proviso were passed, the Senate would
be prevented from making promotions of merito-
rious officers, in which all would be willing to con-
cur; and it had been said, also, that the service of
the country required an additional number of na-
val officers. This object could be accomplished in.
one of two ways: firsi, by laying the bill upon the
table, and going into executive session, and there
determining the point whether there were individu-
als who de erved promotion, and who had been
passed by inadvertently; and whether the various
grades of service require a greater number than at
present sxists; and the determination of ihe Senate,
by rejection or confirmation of further appoint-
ments, might guide the action of the House and
the Senate when the bill showld be again taken up
for consideration, and they could then act under-
standing^.
There was another method of disposing of this
mattei: by permitting the proviso to stand, and
merely striking out ihe words "each grade;" and
the Senate would then be at liberty to transfer of-
ficers from one grade to another, witheut increasing
the totali'y. He believed it was conceded by the
Senator from Massachusetts that there was no ne-
cessity for increasing the total number of officers.
There was nothing of this kind proposed. If this
amendment were adopted, our hands would be
bound up. The chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who introduced this bill, would
have them fix the precise number of which the
naval peace establishment should consist. He
(Mr. W.) would suggest, then, that the object
might be accomplished either by striking out the
words "each grade," or sise laying the bill upon
the table, and going into executive session, and de-
i termining upon the question whether appointments
are required before the final action takes place up-
on the bill.
Mr. CUTHBERT said there were occasions
when he regretted exceedingly the state of his
health would not permit him to enter, as he would
wish, into the discussions which took place. He
felt it a matter of duty, however, not to omit, at a
future day, fully to express hs ideas upon the sub-
ject now before the Senate. They were urged on
with the idea that, because this was a great coun-
try, we should have an enormous navy; and a
comparison had been drawn between the navy of
this country and that of Great Britain. Great
Britain had a thousand ships, and six thousand
naval officers; and she had, also, a miserable and
a discontented population. The United States of
America had a small navy, and not exceeding five
hundred officers; and her seventeen or eighteen
millions of inhabitants were a thriving, happy, and
contented people. Which was the more desirable?
I He stood pledged at some future time to express
| his sentiments at large upon this subject; he would,
¡  at present, merely remark, that he regretted w oh-
