m
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 15, 1842.
Mr. HENRY DODGE, on leave, submitted the
following reiolution, wh'ch was considered and
adopted:
Heaohed, Thatthe fct-cretaiy of the Treasmy be dnerted to
report to the House of Repiesentatives the causes whit h hive
prevented the transmission and payment of the sum of twenty
thousand dollars fiom the Treasury of the United antes to the
Tormory of Wisconsin, the same havm¿ been appropriated for
said lemtory hy the 'Act making appiopmuons lor the cinl
and diplomatic expenses of the Government lor the year 1*11,"
approved Match Jil, 1811
Mi. WILLIAMS of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of Samuel Willis which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
The bill from the S nale, ent t ed "An act for the
settlement of tnc .lioiuats of Sil n Deane," wis
read twice ard refeired.
Mr, SIANLY submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Trcisuiy bo dnecled to
furnish the House of Representatives with a statement, show
ingthe amount ofexpendltures from the 4th March, lMl.to tne
4th Match, 184.2
Also, a statement exhibiting what amount wis expeu led,
during the tune mentioneo on accountof appiopnations made
before the 4th March, 1m Í, and what amount, dining said
time, on account of appropuaiions made since the 4th Match,
1841
Also, that he be directed to inform the House of Representa
tives wha* amount was expended timing s id period, on ac
count fol deors le nam s, oi claims out t mdin?, or due, on the
said 4th March 1SÍ1
Mr. COOPER of Georgia said that the gentle-
man would find informauon ¡n the documents al
ready published, wh ch would supersede the neces-
sity of that resolution, but not being understood
by the Chair as making any objection to the recep
turn of the resolution, the question on its adoption
was f«, and carried ra the affirmative,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr  JONES of Maryland, with the leave of the
House, made a personal explanation in relation to
some remarks of his on the subject of Mr. Pom-
dexter's report, which had called forth the letter of
tha' gentleman that was r«ad in the House by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stínly,]
and published in the Intelligencer. The substance
of Mr. J '¡> remarks was that he did not make the
issue as charged in Mr PomdexterN letter; but the
issue he did make was this: He said that the report
of Mr. Pomdexter charged that statements were
made before the commission, by a gentleman of
Baltimore, who; he (Mr. J ) averred never made
such statements, and who, in fac', was not before
the commission.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported a bill making
additional appropriations for the expenses of the
Territorial Government of Florida; which was
twice read, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
punted.
Also, a bill for the relief of the owners, officers,
and crew of the private armed brig Warrior, or
their legal representa vei: read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on ihe
state of the Union, (Mr. McKennan o1| Pennsyl-
vania m the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the following bill.                              I
A BILL to extend for a limited period the present |aws foi/iay
ing and collecting duties on impoi ts               /
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of'Aitieiicu.ni Congi ess <JA¡,dtnbleé¡ I hat
ill taws existing and in fori e on the fiist ol Tune, eighte/n hun
died and forty two, regulating and fixing the amount and late
oi duties to be levied and collected on goods, wares., and mer
chandloe impuited mio the United States, and piesVlbing the
mude of collecting the same, and all provisions lelating thereto,
shall continue and be in loiceas they existed on that day until
the fiist day of August, eighteen hundied and forty two, and no
longer, anything m the art entitled "An art to modify an art
of the foulteenth day of fuly, one thousand eight hundred and
Unity two, and all other ans imposing dunes <n impoits " ap
piovtd Match second eighteen hundied and thnty (bree, to the
contiary n anywise notwithstanding Provided, Thatnothmg
hei em cont lined shall suspend the dl^tubullon of the proceeds
of the public lands anything heiem contained, and anything
contimod in the provisi to the sixth section of the actappioved
fiuith September, eighteen hundred and forty one, entitled "An
act to appopnate the pi icee t-, of the sales of the public lands,
1 ind to giant pie omption lights," to the contrary notwith
Í    slandmg
When ihe bill was last under consideration, Mr.
Rot sevelt had moved to amend it by striking out
the proviso at the end thereof.
And Mr. Gwin had moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding at the end ol the sixteenth line ot
the bill the words, "to a later period than Kt Au-
gust, 1842 "
And the pending question was o>i the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. POPE, (who was entitled to the floor,) after
a few remarks, observed lhat the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnscn,] who addressed the com-
mittee yesterday, seemed to threaten the House
that, if th  distubution act should be repealed,
he would bring forward a bill providing for the as-
sumption of the debts of the Sates. He thought
lhat the gentleman, upon reflection, would be con-
vinced that hs had gone too far. He could not be-
lieve that any memuer of the committee, of either
party, wvs m favor of a general assumption of all
the State deb's. He hm elf hid been g n<"rally
consul- ed ac having tak-n as strong and as ex-
trav?gint grounds oi this subject as iny one; but
be ooi'g=d leave to disclaim the extensive views of
the gentleman f'om Mar} land It wobH be recol-
lected that v meime ago, when th  civil and diplo-
matic appn pna ion bill was under crnsideration,
after discussions oí get eral policy and the obliga-
tions of the Whig paity, who were confessedly in
the majority, to restore the credit of the country
and so carry out such mensures e.% were necessary
to promote Us prospen'y, h° laid on the table a se-
ries of resolutions, one of which related 'o this very
suhject, snd he begged leave to discriminate be-
tween that proposition and the one threatened by
the gentleman from Mary'and.
Hts proposition w«, to anticipate the land fund
for twenty, thirty, or forty years, by issuing s'ock
to the amount ot §80,000,000 or $100,000,000,
for the redemption ot which these lands were to be
II      -., ■.............                               i     n    I       nil
pledged, and to divide this stock among the several
States, whether indebted or not. With this stock
ths indebted States would be enabled to provide for
the interests of their debts, and gradually pay off
the principal; and the States that were not indebt-
ed could appropriate their prrtions to internal
improvements, or such other objects as they
deemed most advisable. That was the whole
of h s proposition, and it was oDly changing
the modus operandi of the diitnbulion. It seem-
ed to him to be not only practicable and ex-
pedient, but was demanded oí Congress, whose"
duty it was to restore the credit t and character of
the nation, which suffered in consequence of the
indebtedness of the S ates Nations beyond the
Atlantic did not discriminate between the Federal
and State Governments. What affected the char-
acter and credit of the latter, affected the credit
and character of the former in a like ratio;
and the surest way of placing the cr«dit of the
Government on a firm basis, was to enable the
States to comply with their engagements. Again:
it had been remarked by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, the other day, that public opinion in
Great Britain and in France, where free principles
were making considerate progress, and where our
institutions were held in great respect, would be
arrayed against any nation that would commence
an unjust war against us. Then it was apparent
that our reputation for probity and good faith
would have great influence in forming that opinion.
He could not conceive of anything that would
have a greater effect in rallying the public opinion of
the enlightened m Great Britain and France to
our support, than our adoption of such measures
as would place ihe credit of the States on that
V>'gh ground which our nation h d heretofore
mr-ir tamed
Mr P , after continuing his aignment to some
length, to show the practicability and expediency
of the plan he propo id for the resuscitation of the
credit of the St'tes, svowed hiaiielf in favorof the
bill, and of the pioviso repealing the twenty per
cent, clau e of the land bill.
Mr JOHN W JONES said he did not rise to
discu s the principies of the land bill, for the rea-
son that he regarded that as a settled question, so
far as the action of this House was concerned.
Every one knew how ably and elaborately its
principle* had been discussed for years, and he
had not the vanity to suppose that any views of
his own would operate on the opinions of others
in that ball. Opposed as he always had been, and
still was, to the principles of the land bill, he found
himself, on the present occasion, in. the truly
anomalous position, not of opposing the principles
of the land bill, but rather of asking that its exist-
ing provisions might be enforced. If he could
concur in opinion with the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and others
who had addressed the committee, that this bill
merely continued the operation of the existing rev-
enue laws for a limned period, he would not
wnhhoid his assent; and especially if he could
conclude, with them, that ths consequence of
not passing it wou'd be that no revenue could
be collected, and, in the language of the eloquent gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr J. R. Inqebsoll ]
the wneels of the Government would stand still.
Tnat gentleman had asked if «here was any man
here who was willing that the Government should
be in such a situation as not to be able to meet iig
pecuniary obligations, and the public faith of thena-
t on ^ tie (Mr J ) was rot among those who would
^and oi) t against any legislative provision that
wouli accomplish the object. But be bebeved the
rpvpr f oí the proposition stated by gentlemen who
hid addressed the committee was true. In the
first place, ihe legislation proposed did not con-
tinue in force the present laws; and, m the second
place, it would not aid in bringing any means to
the support of ihe Government, but would abstract
a lar;e amount from it, which even the land bill
itself admitted lo be revenue.
Was the proposition which had been laid down
true—that, in the event of Ihe passage of this bill,
the laws in force on ihe 39th of June would ha
continued precisely as ¡hey existed? It was ne-
cessary to inquire, first, what were the laws iq
the session would come in every day, and the Sen-
ate was already in arrear.
Mr. BAYARD pointed out the condition of the
officers of the navy, awaiting the action of Con.
gress on this bill for their pay.
Mr. CUTHBERT considered it an- extraordi-
nary thing that a bill of such impórtanos as this
should be pressed so hastily through the Senate,
without giving time for gentlemen to express their
views.
Mr. EVANS further explained the necessity for
immediate action.
Mr. CUTHBERT suggested that it might be
imputed there were reasons for avoiding further
discussion.
Mr. ARCHER, anxious to extend the same
courtesy to the Senator from Missouri [VIr. Ben-
ton] which he never knew him to refuse to others,
and for the parpóse of accommodating him, would
move an adjournment.
Mr. EVANS would not oppose the obvious dis-
position of the Senate to adjourn. But he would
ask to have some letters read, which he had re-
ceived, showing ihe necessity of immediate action
on this bill.
'         The letters were then read by the Secretary of the
Senate.
Mr. TALLMADGE begged leave to read an
extract from a letter he had received from New
York, concerning navy drafts under protest. He
read the extract.
The PRESIDENT pro ¡em. laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the Unite'1
Stales, transmitting infoimalmn, in compliant
with a resolution of thh^Senate of 25th March lav,
touching the relations between the United Statt ■•
f    and the Mexican Republic
On motion ot Mr. KING, ordered to lie oa~th<>
¿able and be printed.
* Mr. ARCHER now remaiked that he had
moved an adjournment for the convenience of
the Senator /rim Missouri. If moie desirable
to the Senator to go on now, he would withdraw
his motion.
Mr. BENTON observed that if the Senate was
ready to take the vote on the bill, he would not
cause any delay by offering any remarks on the
subject.
Mr. SEVIER said it was obvious (he bill could
¿lot be got ihrough   this even ng ; he   therefore
moved an adjournmenl
The Senate ihen adjourned.
