COTOBESSÍONAL GLOBS.
ent President of the United States; and asserted that
Mr. Tyler had either misunderstood his own mes-
sage sent to Congress at the extra session, or he bad
wilfully misrepresented it. He concluded by say-
ing that he should vote for the bill as it was, and
for no Mil that did not contain the elause that was
inserted in this bill. If there was anything in the
doetrine of instruction, he held that this Congress
was instructed to vote for the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland went into a
history of the compromise act, and contended that,
by the insertion of the suspension clause of the
distribution act, tbey were released from thsir ob-
ligations to the terms of the compromise. But he
did not consider himself friendly to the sixth clause
of-the distribution act, for it was inserted by the
enemies of the measure.
Mr." GAMBLE denied, in reply to some remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. White,] that
the Whig party, at the ¡ate Presidential election,
contemplated a protective tariff. It was a doctrine
that was new to him, and it was not heard of at the
South; they had the principles of the compromise
on their banners, and not protection; and he pro-
tested against having a protective tariff fastened
upon them as a consequance of the viciory of the
Whigs in 1840. He regretted that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and M>-ans should have
introduced this vexed question in this way; and he
was surprised to hear the gentleman from Mary-
land base his argument for distribution on the com-
promise, as that gentleman had hitherto based it on
the deeds of cession. He expressed his regret that
these bills had not been iitroduced at an earlier
period, for he believed a tariff meantre could not
be matured even by the 1st of August.
He then replied more particularly to the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana on the subject of
the compromise; and he asked, who were the par-
ties to the compromisf? Were not the manufac-
turing interests then opposed to the other interests
of the country? He remembered that the great
man who was. the author of the compromise was
denounced for that act (which had done him more
credit than any other act of his useful life) by the
jnanufaouiers for surrendering their righls. Where
was the evidence that the principle spoken of by
the gentleman from Indiana was the principle of
the compromise? The isanr? tbínír had been as-
serted at the other end of the Capitol, and as
promptly denied. Too gentleman from Indiana
said that, by (he terms of the compromise, it ap-
peared that the revenue was to be raised by duties
levied on imports. And had it not always, been to?
How had this Government ever been supported?
The revenues from the public lands formed but a
small portion of the resources of the Government.
How had the Government been supported?   Some-
times by direct taxation, sometimes by  treasury
notes, but chiefly by the revenues from  imposts.
The amount, received from the lands was a mete
incident.   There were various other sources of
revenue.   We at one time derived a revenue from
dividends in  Bank of the United Sta'es stock.
Gentlemen  might just as well pretend that the
dividends in the United States Bank stock should
be distributed among the Slate', as to divide the
proceeds of the public lands.   The gentleman from
Indiana said that the principle of distribution was
sanctioned by the compromise bill.    Why, at that
time revenue was flowing in upon us and it was a
difficult matter to select articles that could be ¡mrte
duty free.   In 1837, the distribution of the surplus
fund was passer1; and if a distribution of the pro-
ceeds of ihe public la-v.1? was the con-ideralioa un-
der which the compromise bill was passed, why did
not Congress distiibute them, inste-.d of ihe surplus
fund?  Why were gentlemen just now waked up to
this distribution policy?   If this distribution was so
expressly unde.'sli-od,   the  time  to pas? it  would
have been wh-n th-re was a surplus in the treas-
ury; but now, when the Government wa- borrowing
money, and its credit was s'?uk to ihe lowest state,
he looke'3 uporj the distribution as- the most suicidal
policy that could be  adopted.     Gentlemen con-
ceded the argument, when  they admitted that the
laads belonged to the United States, and not to the
**"" s;jw4 toey must adroit that, or they would
have no right to give them away. But he had
been told that the United States were only the
trus'ees for the Slates. Look at all ihe deeds of
cession, and see for what purpose these lands were
ceded. In-not one of them was there anything to
show that the States ever expected to get them
back again. Did the Slates who ceded Ihe lands
ever deed them away for the silly purpose of get-
ting the paltry pittance lhat would be distributed to
each under this bill? .Mr G. quoted clauses from
some of the deeds of cession, to show the inten-
tion of the grantors at the time of the grant, which
was, that the lands should become the common
property of the whole Union.
Mr. FILLMORE rose to say a few words in jus-
tification of himself and the Committee of Ways
and Means, and to reply to some intimations that
had been thrown out in the course of the debate.
It bad been intimated that the bill now before the
committee—whiih differed from the first ene re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means, in-
asmuch as it contained a proviso repealing the 20
per cent, clause of the land bill—was the result of a
caucus. This he declared solemnly was not the
fact. When the first bill was reported, it was in-
timated to him that, if passed in that shape, the
distribution lhat was to take place on the 1st of
July would be prevented. He accordingly moved
to recommit the bill, with a view of getting rid of
that difficulty; but, objection being made, hs took
a shorter course—and that was, to report another
bill containing a proviso to repeal the clause sus-
pending the distribution. He did not now pretend
to ^ay whether the proviso was right or wrong; he
made this explanation to show that it was not the
result of any caucus or consultation.
Mr. P. then referred to certain parts of the bill
which it had been said were of doubtful construc-
tion, and observed that he would, ata proper tim?,
offer amendments to remove everything like doubt
or ambigú itv about it.
Mr. WiSE asked if, instead of all this amb'giiity
and circumlocution, it would not have been better
to report a bill providing that the present mode of
collecting the revenue should continue in forcj till
a given day, or until another act of Congress.
Mr. FILLMORE, in reply, said lhat his opinion
was, that this subject required legislation before
Congress adjourned. The country expected that
this question of the revenue should be settled be-
fore they Uft their seats; and he would do no act
that could be construed into an admission that this
C-mgress was going to adjourn without finally set-
tling this question. He did not wish the question
to be kept open any lunger.
Complaints had buen made against the Commit-
toe of Ways and Means for not having introduced
¡hi? bill at an earlier period, and from sources that
he did not expect. It would be recollected that he
once or twice had answered these objections, and
had stated that they could not report any revenue
measure until they received from tin Treasury De-
partment the information they had called for. The
call was made in February las;; and not receiving
a reply, another call was made in March, ihe an-
swer to which was not received until ihellih of
May. He did not mention this with a view of
casting censure on the Treasury Department, but
for the purpose of justifying himself and the com-
mittee.
Mr. ARNOLD said it seemed to hiu that, on
this question of distribution, they had gone too
much into an elementary discussion; and he, there-
fore, felt it his duty to call the commiree back to
one or two prominent considerations, before they
took the vote on the amendment. Gentlemen got
up and talked about distribution, as though. Ihe
public lands yielded a sum which, if brought into
¡he tieasury, would afford instantaneous relief.
Bat gentlemen mus' recollect ¡hat the sum received
for the present year was short of a million of dol-
lars; and he would venture to a«sert that they
would n^t yield, fer years to come, while the
present incubus remained in the Piesidenlial chitir,
anything more than a mere pittance. This year
¡hey yielded not a million, wh.le our wants were
presfing on us by scores of millions. After com-
menting at length on ¡hs policy of the last Admin-
istration, charging it with great extravagance, Mr.
A. contended that the public lands ought never to
have been considered as a source of revenue, ex-
cept in cases of dire necessity.
The Whig party had just come into power—[a
gentleman near Mr. A. added, and were just going
out of it]—Yes, and were just going out of power,
without having a solitary princple they professed,
tried, The American people had turned one party
out for its principles, and then they were going to
put out another without trying one of its measures.
If General Harrison had lived, and the Whigs had
been able to carry all their measures, it would,
have taken six or eight years before they would
begin to feel relief. Such was the ruinous tenden-
cy of the measures of the party that had gone out
of power, that the man must be a knave or a fool
who would pretend to say that the country could
be recovered from it in less than six or eight, or
even ten years. The whole Government was a
stagnant pool, and would be so, hs feared, for
three years to come. We present (said Mr. A.)
the deplorable spectacle of having no Administra-
tion at all. When John Tyler threw off the Whig
party, and deserted his principles, paying court to
modern Democracy, he should have gone one step
further, and selected a locofoco cabinet. He
(Mr. A.) would have preferred it to having no Ad-
ministration at all. If this country could pass
through the ordeal of the next three years, he
should have no fears for the p.ermanency of our
institutions; for he believed it would be the most
frightful ordeal through which any country ever
H
After some further remarks on the present cab-
inet, in the course of which Mr. A. passed the
highest encomiums on Judge McLean, regretting
that the formation of a cabinet was not intrusted
to him, he went on to express his views in favor of
the proviso in the bill beioie the committee. He
was sirongly in favoi of distributing the proceeds
of the lands to the States. It was a vain and idle
no'ion to suppose that the General Government
could be prosperous while the Stales were weighed
down by debt. It was all a humbug to tell him
thai, by giving the proceeds of the lands to the
States, it would be taking them from themselves.
He contended, further, that the States should be
relieved in this way, because (hey had no other re-
source than direct taxation; while the GensralGov-
ernment could tax luxuries to any extent.
The hour of 2 o'clock having arrived, the com-
mittee, according to order, proceeded to vote upon
the several amendments offered to the bill.
The question was first taken upon the motion to
s'nke oat the proviso to the bill, which re-enacts
the distribmion law.   This motion was rejecied__
ayes 103, noes 113.
Mr. GW1N then renewed his amendment, (pre-
viously withdrawn,) according to which the op-
eration of the distribution law would be suspended
until the l>t of August, The vote on this amend-
ment was taken by tellers, and resulted—ayes 87,
noes 111.                                                    '        '
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved to strike out the
whole bill, and substitute in lieu thereof the bill
reported by Mr. Habersham from the minority of
the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. B1DLACE moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the clause in relation to the
duties on railroad iron. Tnis amendment was re-
jected.
The question was then laken on the amendment
of Mr. A. V. Brown, and resulted in the negative
—ayes 67, noes 107.
Mr, GILMER moved to strike out the words
"until the 1st day of August, 1849, and no longer,"
and insert "until the same shall be changed by law"
The effrct of ibis amendment would be to prolong
theopeia'icn cf the bill. It was rejected by the
commit',.; e—ayes 90, noes 105.
After several ineffectual attempts had been
made to ca--y amendments to ihe bill,
Mr, FILLMORE moved to strike out the words
" and no longer," and inserí: '•' at which time, if
there shall be then no further legislation on the
■•ubject, the laws shall be the same as if no action
had been had." This amendment was adopted-
wi'hout a count.
The coBsmittee \k¿n rose and reported, the bOi
