CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$m
to the House, and the amendments adopted m com-
mittee were then agreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN moved that the proviso to the
bill be stricken out.
Mr. FILLMORE called for the yeas and nay;
which were ordered
Mr. MORGAN moved the previoas question;
and theie was a second.
The House refused to strike out the proviso by
a vote of 107 to 113, as follows
YEAS—Messis Atherton, Beeson, Bidiack, Black, Bowne,
Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V Blown, C Blown, Burke, William
Butler, William O Butlei, Gieen W Caldwell, P C Cald
well, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Chapman, Clif
ford, Clinton, C lies, Colquitt M A Cooper, Cross Cushmg,
Daniel, Richard 1) Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doan, Doig, Labi
man, J C Edwards, Egbert Terns John G Floyd, Ch ules A
Floyd, For lance, T T Foster, Gamble, Gilmer, Wm O
Goode, Gordon, Gustiue, Gwin, Habersham, liairi , John
Hastings, Hays Holmes Hopkins, Hoock, Houston Hubaid,
Hunter, C I Insersoli, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
Keim, Andrew Kennedy, King, Lewis, Lutkfield, I owell,
Abraham McClellan, Robcit McClellan, McKay Mokeon
Alfred Marshall, J T Ma<ion Mathews, Medill, Menw thei,
MiUei, Mitchell, Newhard, Oliver, Parmentei, Patridge, Payne,
Pickens, Plumei, Promt, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynold",
Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders, Shaw, Shields,
Snyder, Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Ihompeon Turney,
Van Buren, Watterson, Wellei, Wcstbrook, James W Wil
líame, Wise, and Wood—107
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, L W Andrews, Sherlock
J Andrews, Appleton^Amold, Aycngg, Bakei, Bainard, Bal-
lon, Birdseye, Boardman, Botts, Btiggs, Biockway, Bronson,
M Brown, J B own, Burnell, Calhoun Thomas J Campbell
Caruthers, Casey, Child , Chittenden, John C Clark, ¡ataloy IS
Clarke, James, Cooper, Cowen, Cianston, Cravens Gairett
Davis, Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Tillmoie,
A L Foster, Gates, Gentry, Biddings Gosrgm, P G Goode,
Graham, Granger, Green, Hall, Oalsted, Howard, Hudson, 1
R Ingersoll, James Iivin, James, W C Johnson, lstac D
Jones, John P Kennedy, Lane Linn, McKeunan feamsoo Ma
son, Mathiot, Mattocks, Mavwell Mavnard, Mooie Moigan
Morris, Morrow, Osboine, Owsley, Peaice, Pendleton, Pope,
Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Rancall, V Ramal], Rardulfb,
Rldgway, Rodney Wm Rua«el! James tl Russe 1 Stlion
stall, Shepperd, Simonton, Slal lruman Smith, ^¡ ugg,
Stanly, Stokely fetiauon \ exai del ÍI ii Muart John T stu
art, Summers, lahaieiio, John B Thompson, R W Thomp
son, Tillmghast, Toland, Tomlinson, fuplett, Tinmbull, Un
derwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren, Washington Cd
ward D White, Joseph L White, Thomas V, Williams,
Joseph L Williams, Yoi 'te, A ugus us Young, and J ihn
Young-113
The bill having been ordered to its engrossment,
by general consent it was, read a third time, and
then passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Landaff W Andrews, SI ei-
lock J Andrews, Appleton, «unold, Aycngg, Baker, Barnard,
Birdseye, Boardman, Bo t3, Buggs, Brockway, Bronson, Mllloi
Brown Jeremiah Brown Burnell, Calhoun, rhoma> J Camp
bell,Caruthers,Casey,Clad ,Chittenden, JohnC Claik, Staley ,
N Clarke, James Cooper, ( uwen Cranston, Cravens Ousting, *
Garrett Davis, Deheny, John Edwards  Everett, Fessendtm,
Fillmore, A   Lawrence Foster, Giddmgs, Goggm, Patuck £¡
Goode, Gialiam, Granger,   Gi,een,  Hall,   Halsted,   Haward,
Hudson,   Hunt,    Toseph R   Ii gersoll   James Iivm,   Wil i£m
W   Irwin, James, William Cost Johnson, I iac D    Jones ¿
John P   Kennedy, Lane, I inn, McKernan, Sainson >iason, t
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwtdi, Maynatd Mitche!   Mi oie^Moiga.1),
Morris, Monow  O-iborne, Owsley  Parmenter   Psarce Pen
t.*.dletori, Pope, Powell, Ramsa>   Benjamin Raid 11 A-le\andtr
^/Randall, Randolph, Ridgwav Rodney, V/ill am Russell lames
M Russell, Saltonstall, c?h ppeid, Simmton, fc,ade   fiunmn
Smith, Sprigg, S anly, St >ke y, fetiat on   Alexander II   II
Stuart, John T Stuait, Sttirmiei^, t aliafeuo, John B Thomp
son, Richard W   rnmip^ ,^Tiliit "hast   Toland, lom'inson,
TnpleU, Trumbull   II derwojd   Van Rens^elaei,   Walhce,
Washington, Edward D W' ite, Josq oL White, Thomas W
Williams, Joseph I   Williams, Yoike, Augustus Young, and
John Young—116
NAY —Me sis A heiton Beesoi, Bidlack, Black, Bowne
Boyd, Biews er, Aaion V Brown, Charles Brown Burke,
William Butlei, Wi, lam O Buler, G ati V\ Caklwel , Pa-
trick C Caldwell, John CamphtII, Cnapma i Chfiml ( tintan
Coles, Colquitt, Maik A Con^tet, CtO*s, Daniel, Richaid D
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doan, Doig* Lastmar, John C E lwaids,
Egbert, Ferris, John G Floyd, Challes V Tiojd Foint cr,
Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Gilrrer William O Goode Gor
don, Gustme, Gwm ilibersham, HamQ J ihn Hastings, flay^,
Holmes, Hopkins, Uourk Houston, Hubard,iluntei Charles J
Ingersoll, Jac \ Cave J h~rson 'ihn W J in s Kf im Andiew
Kennedy King Lewis I ttlefiel 1 I mi II Abrlhatn Mc( iellan,
Robert McClellan MUtaí, Vchtyo A hed flusiall J hn
Thorns n Mason, Mathew  Vemll, MiUei I\ wl ii ¡, Ohv^ ,
Patridge Pav-K, Pickens Plumei Protfit 11 ad Ii dinCT
Renchei Reynolds Rieu Iligg Rog is Roosevelt, saui deis,
Shaw, Shields -suydci feteeiilcJ fau 11 er, Jdi-oD Tliuin¡son,
Turney "v^rn Bu on Wi tei, \\a tocun, Wei er, Wes jiool
Wise, and\*  od—10}
Mr. COOPED ol QeT-gd ri"ii-eu to ameid the
title of the bill, 'o ?s to w i uate ¡t as a ¡ix bill
for the support of me O. vetam^n* H' «pi 1 ti'>
motion was not a triv.^1 me It was one cf
weight pad substance H  h-ld lhat every la^r
passed to tax the people, b'j imposuia; dutif<i or
otherwise tor ievemie purpo^e", was a tax law
All such laws should express ihe.r object a id pur-
pose on their iitle.
This is a law under which millions of money
would be collected from the pocl-cts of the people
to support th's Government.    It ¡s s tax law—the
only law by which you can collect taxes. It ought
to bear that title; and yet you call it by the ambig-
uous title of a bill "for laying afd collecting du-
ties on imports "
Sir, («aid Mr C ,) I know my constituents are
as m'elligent as the mass ot the American people;
and yet thousands of them do not unders'and that
this is, in truth, a tax law; and that, by it, some
#15,090,000 or §16,000,000 may be levied and col-
lected from the people for this Government
Tnou«ands verily be'ieve that tsey pay no tax to
support ihe Federal Government What was true
of Am constituent', in part, (<-aid Mr. C ) he knew
to be true of after parts of the Union. It is time
that the veil, which r-as> buen hung up in the litle
of ou' taiiff laws, should be thrown off, that the
common observer, who daily contributes his quota
of tax°sto support) our Government, may see in the
title of your lavs, an index to its object and pur-
poses. Why would you cover them up undei an
ob cure and veiled tule' Sir, the peop'e of Geor-
gia, by the Constitution, have provided that the
title of every ¡aw should express lis subject-mat-
ter, and point to us object. Hence, many of them
do not look for the imposition of taxes to support
this Government, under a t tie "to collect duties on
imports " Let us call thirgs by their right names,
ard not attempt to cot tr up anything, if you ex-
peet >oretain the confluence of jour people.
The amendment was lost, and the title of the
bill «PS «greed t">.
Mi BARTON who was witim the Hou^-e, but
not nthin the bar, when his name was called on
the tntrd leading of the b'll, reou"sted to have h,<.
name r i/irded, but, objeeticn being made, bis te-
que1   .vi' not agreed to
APPORTIONMENT BILL
Mr EVERETT moved that toe apportionment
o.!1, which had been returned from the Senate with
t,.e adh"iei ce of that body to its amendments, be
now talryn up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the House recede
from it*, d s"greement.
Mr. W. C JOHNSON hoped the House would
ms'st on i!s disagreement
Mr. WliiE moved the previous question, which
was su tamed by the House.
The first q lesdvn then taken was, on receding
from tre disagreement of the House to the first
amendment oí ta  Senate, by which the ratio
of reptesentition was increased from 50,179 to
70,080
|^br Kou e refu ed to íecede—ayes 104, noes 110
¡    The  House  also  refuse! to recede on ihe oiher
d'i ends-lent
Mr ADAMS «hen made some observations on
■\" act of thi convention for ihe ratificaton of the
Onsutn ion, of wh v.h General WashiLgton was
presen1, by which he convention reduced the
imtib rof refm s entitled to a Représenla ive frim
40 COO o 30 000 As ihe veto oí Pi-stdent Wash-
it a on of ihe rep'e'enlatioi oí fractions h=d been
u ed vi i ' eit t-rT ct on this fl^or, he thought ihe
fa t wmch he no*v íated w s entitled to weight
"Uso He then si gsested the apf ointment o a
Committee of Cjniei nee, but ne j pedmecim-
mtiff, u appoii tfd, w uld mñex bly a'heie lo a
cis zrcpment vii h toe Senite on t* e first amend-
ment.
An ínegilT dtscu iu n onsuei3 on the form of
pi ce-dmo, ;,pi rTi W C JOHNSON moved
'! a1 Me Iloas1 adhere to i s d sajreemen'. He
aKo mo"f ih'pioi'ous q"f£ ioii, which was sus-
¡airid by ' e Hojsl
'i'i'v e was hen t?Rcn on si'n^ng to the iist
gr ei eat of tao rlous , we ch wa de eramed m
trie   esa ¡ve—a es 80, noc   i27
Mi BL'tCK iten mo/ed an adjournment which
'ip~ dgrre i io, and
Xh° Hme adjnu-ned a a quarter to 5 o'elOi>.
IN SES'ATE
Thursday, June 16, 1842.
Mr WOODBRIDGE presented amemorut1 t'om
the coipurate autnor' iei i f Adrian, in the S a e of
Miehigi'i, pr?yi \« tha  ar appropriation *nay be
made to complete the harbor, which is of great irn-
por'ance, alr-ady commenced at the city of Mon
roe, in that State: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
the board of commissioners of the ineorperated
district of the Northern Liberties, requesting Con-
gress to establish a marine railway in the port of
Philadelphia. Mr. B. said that he desired to call
Ihe special attention of the Committee on Naval
Affairs to this memorial The port of Philadel-
phia was free from worms, which were so destruc-
tive m Southern ports; and vesse's, he believed,
were built cheaper there than anywhere else m the
country The skill of the Philadelphia ship-bmld-
ers, and the excellence of the vessels constructed
by them, were known to every Senator. And yet,
whilst these facis could not be denied, he was sorry
to say that the navy-yard at Philadelphia, for a
number of jear  past, had been very much and
unjustly neglected by the General Government.
He trusted that this would no longer be the case;
and that his ínend from Virginia, [Rar. Archer,]
now at the head of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, would take it under his special prolectien,
and would recommend that the request of the me*
monahsts should be granted. The memorial was
then refened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. B. also presented three memonals^—one
from Ihe county of Delaware, oue ftom the county
of Northampton, and one from the county of Mont-
gomery, Pennsylvania—numerously signed, praying
thai ¡.uth a tariff of duties maybe established as
will give protection to domestic manufactures: re-
ferred to the Comna ttee on Manufactures.
Mr. B also presented resolutions which he had
just received from the Legislature of Pennsylvania,
instructing their Senators, and rtquesting their
Representatives, to use their influence to procure
(he passage of Ihe apportionment bill at as early
a day as possible read, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial of
Hannah Bartlett, the widow of a revolutionary
soldier, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to which had been referred the
bill from the House for the relief of Charles H.
Alberton, reported ihe same back with an amend-
ment, providing that the hens and legal repre-
«entptives be ore Ibry shall be entitled to the
oenefits of this act, shall frst surrender to the
Secretary of the Treasury the original certificates
for the lands paichased by the said Aiherton from
Ihe United Stales
Mr. WOODBURY explained ihe nature of the
bill, and hoped the Senate would pass it to a third
reading at once, and
The bill was taken up as in committee of the
whole, the amendment of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands wss agreed to, and it was reported to
the Senal , and tae amendment wa* ordered to be
engrossed, an1 the bill to be read a third time.
Mr SMITH of Indiaia, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to < hich had been referred
House bill alloc ii g further t,me to complete the
issuing of wairi'ts for military Und biunties to
ihe non-commissi ned officers and soldiers of the
la«e a?r vim Grtit Bntaii, and making provision
foi «ati rymg toe same, reported it back with an
rmendmen!, sinkiig oat the whole bill after the
enacting clause, ?nd inserting the bill originally
reported in the Senate, trsc provision' of nhich go
to prant land, msteat cf issuing s<-np.
On ■'.iftion ol Mr SEViEa, the bill was then
taifen up as m comiii't-e ot th  whole, was con-
s dered „n J, l.en emlr-tent of the Committee on
Public L'nds naving been agreed lo, was reported
loth Scja'e The amendment w-s concurred in
bv tn_ Ser ate, ana oidered to be engrossed, and
•he bt'l o be rud a 'hud time,
Mr WOODSK1DGE fum the Commiltee on
Claims, io which had been retened House bill en-
t tied "An act fir the relief of Sylvester Phelps,
and the ht irs and legal representares of Charles
Landnn," reported the srm  back, w th a recom-
rnt ndation lhat it do pa^s.
Mr. C0NR4D, from the Ci.nmitie<  on Fublic
Lands, lo which the subject bad been leferrcd, re-
ported a bi'l exolanatorv of «,n act on' 'led "An, set
