640
^ON^KESSIdNAL GLOBE,
•water, m the first place, for a navy yard anywhere.
There are always twenty-three feet of water at
Pensacola So there is one essential. St Joseph's
is the next, where there are twenty feet of water.
Next, as to facilities. Pensacola is contiguous to
New Orleans, where men, provisions, and coals are
plenty, and all munitions of war can be had with
the almost facility. In these respect's, it has a
decided superiority over the other points suggested.
It is not a local question: the whole valley of
the Mississippi is ínteres ed—so are the Northern
and Middle sections of the coua'ry. A blow could
not be struck at New Orleans, without being keenly
felt at Boston, and throughout the whole commer-
cial range of the Union
He was not one gf those economists deposed to
inflict a wound on the navy or army, because, at
the moment, th°re happens to be a pressure on the
Government. Wiiat would be thought of a planter
who, because cotton fell in price, should lessen his
number of horses, farming implements, and quan-
tity of land in cultivation! He would be laugVd
at—he would be considered crazy He might,
wi'h propriety, retrench his household expenses
and personal luxuries; but it would be ridiculeus
economy to lessen his means of production: it
would immed'ately lessen the ennfidence oí his
creditors, instead of meeting their approval He
could not anticipate any serious oppoation to his
si   Jniendment.
Mr. CONRAD, although anticipated by his col-
* league in what he intended to urge, conceived the
proposition just made of so much importance to
• the South and West, that he should leel himself
neglectful ot his duty if he did not add something
in support of the just claims of Southern com-
merce.
New Orleans wa? so situated, that the navigation
to it through the Gulf of Mexico i¡ subject to many
perplexities and difficulties, f he commerce of that
regioa has hitherto been dependent on most preca-
rious protection, When the Navy Department
was lately aslad how it happened that not one ves
sel of war was stationed in the Gait for the pro-
tection of Us commuce, it was replied, lhat no spe-
cific appropriation had been made for the purpose.
The «quadion appointed tor the protection ot the
coast was oí Utile usl to the Gulf tiade, as that
squadron had to rruue thousands of miles beyond
the month ot the Gulf
Heieferudio Mr. Seereury Poinsett's report
on the subject of protecting the Gulr, from which
he read a long extract The importance of these
views had been admitted an 1 entorcod upon Con-
gress byih> Execu'ive Departments, for years, yet
ho sufficient appropriations had ever been made
He n xt allui ed to the doubts thrown out
whether Pensacola was the most e'igible place for
a navy-yard, and showed lhat the Commis,s.ioners
of the Navy, and the Secretaty of War, as well as
Lieutenant Powell, who bad recently surveyed the
coast, all concurred in recommending Pensacola,
in preference to any other place. Tiie only points
in competition are St. Joseph, Apalachicola, and
Ship Island Pensacola has 234 feet of water,
St Joseph 214, Ship Island 20, and Apalachi-
cola much (ess. Alter a re^urvey of Ship Island,
Lieutenant Powell was more confirmed than ever
in his opinion that Pensacola is the proper posmon
for the navj-yard ot the South Lieutenant Cha&e,
an eminent engmeei, was aKo ot tne same opin-
ion. The Board of Cooim1 bioners of the Navy
admit that it is fit for all ordinary purpo-es
Justice, economy, and humanity require some
permanent settlement of this question Justice, as
Sue to the commerce of the South and Wesl,
economy, in refeience to the saving which will ac-
crue from convenience for rppairs and equipments
of vessels belonging to tne United States navy in
that region, and humanity, m reference to the ad
vantage of having ihe necessary hands perma-
nently settled and acclimated, instead of témpora
nly subjecting them to all the evils of sudden
change to a climate to which they are not sea-
soned
Mr. C next alluded to the circumstance of a
French armed vessel having reached New Orleans,
and stationed herself at mgbt opposite the market-
feonse, ajear or two since, without being discovered
till daylight. Not a vessel belonging to the United
States navy knew anything of her approach The
city might have been sacked for days, before the
intelligence would reach the squadron on the West
India station.
Mr. LINN asked if Port St Philip did not af-
ford protection against the hostile approach of any
foreign armed vessel*'
Mr. CONRAD replied that there was nothing to
prevent afiy foreign enemy that pleased from enter-
ing Fort St Philip, and taking possession of it.
He was glad the Senator had reminded htm of the
circumstance. Neglected as the South had been,
not only with regard to naval defence, bat to forti-
fications, Port St Philip, at present, would be
rather an advantage to an enemy than an obstacle
He next alluded to the new face of things which
the adaptation of steam power to naval purposes
had brought about—a change which had add<-d fa-
cilities for celerity, and precision of movement to the
naval power of foreign nations. All these things
called for vigilance and energy on the part of this
Government
Mr. EVANS was afraid this course of discus-
sion would keep back the bill, now so nece*sary to
be placed immediately on its passage He did not
see the propriety of this motion at the present time.
If there was any navy yard which ought not to
complain, he considered it was Pensacola. The
allowance for it was infinitely beyond 'hat for any
other station. Besides, there would, in reality, be
no use in appropriating $100 000, without any
plan for its expenditure being matured The Sec-
retary of the Navy avows his conviction of the ne-
cessity of making extensive repairs in the navy-
yard of Pensacola, and, as fast as he can, of ac-
complishing the object of perfecting thii yar', and
making it one suitable for both naval repairs and
construction.
But he only requires $33,000 now, because that
is all he can expend with a (vantage this year, and
why should he be hurried and stimulated to do
what cannot be done with convenience or advan-
tagt 1 Thp department is contemplating the selec-
tion of other places for naval purposes m that
region It was intended to have a station for the
construction of iron steamers on some point up ihe
Mississippi river, between the Balize and New
Orleans.
Gentlemen talked of a navy-yard as an estab-
lishment of defence. He admitted that, for the
repair of disabled vek'eK, and construction of ves-
sels of war, a navy-yard might be considered im-
portant as a means of defence, but a mere navy-
yard in itself, instead oí being a defence, was liable
to be turned to the disadvantage of the country of
its location—inviting an attack of the enemy, to
cripple and destroy it, or carry off the public prop-
erly.
He had always considered it injurious economy
to make small appropriations, but, íathis instance,
he believed the sum called for by the department
was sufficient for the purposes now contemplated,
and he therefore should oppose any increase of that
amount.
Mr. CONRAD was not convinced, by any
thing the Senator from Maine [Mr. Evans] had
said, that he had wandered very far from a pro-
per line of argument in asserting that a navy yard
at Pensacola would be a source of defence for the
commerce of the South. He was aware that a
navy-yard, as a point of attack, might be consider-
ed a source of weakness. But, in the construction
of vessels for defence, and in the capabihty of af-
fording repairs for injured vessels, he did consider
a navy.yard important as a means of defence, and
as to not being a defence m itself, it was easy to
make it so by suitab'e fortifications to protect it.
He was not aware that the Secretary of the
Navy had limited his demand for the progress of
the works in that navy-vard to the small sum nos?
m the bill; but he supposed this amount wa? in-
tended for nothing more than to continue the yard
in i s present stale.
Mr EVANS rpad from the estimates that only
$5,000 was intended for repairs, the rest being for
enlarging the yard and building additional offi-
ces, arc.
Mr. CONRAD thought the sum would effect
very little m enlarging or completing the  avy-
yard.
Mr. JONG observed, that the advan'ages to the
South and West had been se ably urged by the
Senators from Louisiana, that he did not consider
it necessary to enlarge upon the subject. The cry,
for years, whenever applications of this nature
were made, had been, Wait—wait; as if something
new was to be discovered to lead to a better selec-
tion. Every inch of the Gulf coast, and the Flori-
da coast, had been explored for years, by naviga-
tors, and nothing new was to be expected. No
changes had been made since the occupation by
the Spanish Government. The water is the same
in depth—the harbors the same. The Spanish
surveys were as mínete as any which can be made;
and the preference to this station wau fully estab-
lished. The live oak, the materials, all the con-
veniences necessary, were to be had in the vicinity
of Pensacola. Workmen can be got there, as well
as anywhere else. It ib as healthy a position as Bos-
ton. But the demand for completing this navy-
yard is met by the assertion that there is no esti-
mate.
It was provided in this bill that the money should
not be expended until a fite should have been se-
lected and the cost estimated. At present, they had
no estimate upon which they could rely. And
what he astred of Senators was, that they should
now make only such appropriation as would be hi
accordance with the report of the Navy Commis-
sioners It was a thing which ought to have been
done long since, had it not been for our limited
means.
They were told by Senators on the other side,
that the creation of a navy-yard would be a cause
of weakness. Bat he (Mr. K ) and those who
viewed the matter m the light he did, felt that it
would be a source of strength, and they felt that
they were entitled to ask that it should be afforded
them, and that they should not be met by the
mere assertion that it would be a source of weak-
ness, while other places were provided for. The
Senator from Maine told them that, for the par-
póse of providing security for the Southern coast,
a bill bad been passed for the construction of four
steamers. Why, the Senator ought to know that
no such bill bad been parsed.
Mr. EVANS stated that such a bill had passed,
and some of ihe vessels were now in a course of
construction. A provision had been inserted upon
bis (Mr. Evans's) motion, in the appropriation bill
of last year, that a certain sum should be applied
to the construction of four steamers of medium si2e,
expressly with a view to the protection of the
Southern country.
Mr KING desired that the Senator would pro-
duce the bill, if there were any such, which pro-
vided that war steamers should be constructed for
the defence of that coast.
Mr EVANS would not undertake to say that
the law expressed the purpose for which the ves-
sels should be built.
Mr. KING had very few more remarks to offer.
He would remind the honorable Senator that the
construction of steam-vessels for the protection of
the coast had nothing to do with the question as to
providing a plaee for the repair of vessels. In or-
der to bring the matter to a close, without detain-
ing the Senate furthei, he would propose the inser-
tion of a proviso, so as to test the question whether
Pensacola and New York should not be placed up-
on an equal footing.
^°F'fud' Th?c no Pa«of this appropriation shall be ap.
plied to the construction of a dry dock at New York
Mr. BARROW would prefer the vote being
taken on his amendment, without the amendment
of the Senator from Alabama.
He thought ihe application of the #100,000 ought
to be left to be appropriately and judiciously ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Navy. He did not
wish the appropriation to be considered m refer-
ence to what may be done with regard to New
York. If his amendment should fail, he would
reserve to himself ihe right to vote as he pleased
wvh regard to the New Yoik appropriation;
In relation to what had fallen from the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, as to the intention'?
of the Secretary of the Navy, he (Mr. B.) referred
