CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.                                      ----------WEEKLY----------                                  PRICE $1 PER SESSION  "
27th Cono.........2d Skss.                                       TUESDAY, JUNE 21, 1842.                                          Volume ll. -No. 41.
Continued from JVo. 40.
to the answer from to* department to a recent res-
olution of the Senate, in which the Secretary of the
Navy admits the necessity of having war steamers
for the defence of the Quit, and navy-yard*, and
docks in the South. He read passages from the
communication, pointing out the advantages of an
additional establishment, similar to that at Pensa-
cola, to be located on some point up the Mississippi
river, not far from 1 s mouth.
He had made a call on the Secretary of the
Navy for an account of the amount expended on
the navy-yard at Pensacola; and the Secretary had
referred the matter to the Board of Commissioners
for an answer. Tne response of the Commission-
ers is indefinite, contradictory, and unsatisfactory.
But it established the fact, that of the $540,000 ap-
propriated for the navy yard at Ptnsaeola, from
time to time, one half h"s been applied 1% some
other purposes of the navy; and thereby the South
has been defrauded of the benefit of these ap-
propriations! What is there to show for this
$540,000?
Mr. B here made a statement of the buildings
and public works at the navy yard at Pensacola,
with a view of showing that they could not hive
cost more than half the sum appropriated
Mr. BENTON sugges ed that, after the difficulty
of obtaining tne appropriations was overcome, ihe
probability was that only pan had b en expended,
and the remainder vas passed over to the surplus
fund.
Mr. BARROW did not doubt tha  it was ei'her
in that way, or by a transfer of part of th? appro-
priation to other pa.pas*s of th* navy, for he
understood the depat imeit had a power of malting
such transfers. What he complained of was that
any portion should ha/e been diverted ¡rom its le-
gitimate object.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance had
said it was a new idea, that a navy yard afforded
any protection, but he would ask, were not tie
navy-yards of the Noi'h and East protected by
fortifications?
In case of wai with Eigland, the vessels neces-
sary for the defence of the Souti wo ild hive to be
built in the navy yards of th  Norte; and before
they could re?eh the South, taey woald hive to run
the gauntlet mrongh B'it si ships ot wpr anJ st?am
frigates in the Gulf of Mexico and Quit of Fo-
lia; and even if the., did re^eh ti°ir desunión,
crippled and injared by cnflicts they voad
not have a place where they ouidiena 1 tr re-
place a spar. They wouid have to "jra bacf and
ran the gauntlet a ain, to g^t to Norfolk for re-
pairs
He did not objec' to thelib°ral appropna'ions
hitherto made to thi Nor ',; all h.3 adted na ,
that the South should hive soire portion of the
benefit from the public money voted for tha deience
of the courury.
Mr. WOODBURY said, at to"? late hoar it was
not hi  intention to detain th" Senate longer than a
single moment, in order to ¡hro'v a littip lignt up-
on this subjec . When the project was fa-' adop'-
ed of e tabhshing at Pepsacola a paral dep> t, it
was intended that it shoo id be a pía e 101 retn r«,
and iha'a trur.np-railway should K erteel as
soon a« the smtab'e biddings cou'd be pio<idpd.
The Commissioner,, hovtver, re oncd u favora-
bly, selling forth that t'.e stioa^ curre .ts and t <e
shitting sand of tha' harbor won d render it a work
of verygratdifhcaltf. Subsequent', , i' was p-o-
posed to erect whir.es ; but it vms fend >r.« tl-"y
were unable to make even them in st'ch a niann^r
as to prevent them fiosn b°mg wash d away. So
great was the dime ilty experience 1, that he (Mr.
W.) had thought it "ecessary to make a pe sonal
visit to the place, and he became oonvincd, by in-
spection of ¡ts c mdifon, that it would be imcac'i
cable to repair ves els there, much lJ--s to bu'ld
them And here he would su^ge1-! to S n?t>rs, that
every dollar which lud been appropna ed, and not
expended, had doubtless gone to the surplus fund;
and the fee's could be obtained precisely on appli-
cation to toe Treasury Department.
What] was ihe jeason that since that time noth-
ing had been done? It was not for default of anx-
iety to have the work accomplished ; but it arose
from the very great difficulty that would be en-
countered in attempting to erect wharves, or a ma-
rine-railway, and the still greater difficulty in con-
structing a dry-dock. There might easily bi made
a floating dock, ora screw dock, and warehous.es;
but he would assure Senators that the difficulty bv
which they had been met was the foundation, and
the reason for (he delay that had taken place
And it would be well to consider, also, 111 the first
place, that the only squadron which in time of
peace would probably resort there, was the West
Ind a squadron. That was a squadron compj«ed
of small vesseis; and the officers of these vesseis
would doubiless prefer, even if a place of repairs.
existed at Pensacola, to go to New York to avoid
the sickly season The necessity, then, for the
work did not appear to him to be so very urgent as
Senators seemed to imagine.
But there was still a stronger reason (and it was
not because he had any avers'on to the preserva
Hon ot that woik, lor he would desire ihat there
should be a navy-yard in the Sou«h) against th'S
propositnu; and it was, 'hat there was no emmer-
ctal mai tie there, and it was as much impossible
to bu Id a navy without a commercial marine, as 11
was to build a house wuhout a f undation. There
were no workmen, no materials, no supplies. Tne
work could, nevertheless, be carried on, but it
would necessariy be attended wuh very great ex-
pens"; and in time of war, he woj'd admit that
the consirfe-ation of etp ns  should not s'and
again t tie advantagss of having a place of repairs
there, an i a place wh"re a vessel might go for shel-
ter and safety; but m timé of p°ace, the repairs
could be made at New York, or at any oiher point
uoon the coast, where the necessary convenience
exited, or she might repair herself Every vessel
afloat was provided with materials for repat's—
was, to sime pxtenr, a navy-yard of itself; but, in
time of war, it was necessary that there should be
some place for protection and shelter.
Not ¡o detain the Senate further, he would ob-
ssrv that ihe appropriation, as it originally stood,
was, m hi  opinion, liberal enojgh, under the cir-
cumstances, unless it wsre mt^nled to build up an
enoriiMis navy-yard th -e in tine "f peace If
Seniors were deposed to make a building and r°-
paiiiag jard there, he certain'/ woull offer no on-
positinn, but he thought that, under the eircum-
«tances, it would be quite as well to follow the ori-
ginal proposition.
Mr BARRO W conceive', fiom what th= S n-
ator fiom New Hampshire had said, that 1' was
his impression Pensacola ne/er rou'd hi  a navy-
yard for the construction of ve seis of war, be-
cause he thmks no wharf can oe erected in con-
sequence of th? sandy nature of the foundatioi
He (Mr B ) never hid been at Pensada, but he
had a nple lesnmony trom co-ipp'ent engineers, in
opposition to the op mens of the Senitor from
New Hami^ir', though based on his personal in-
spection The^e vas aroiher t! írg on which he
was it 1 sue Titn th  Senator from New Hamp-
shire H- says trsere ¡s no marine material at th°
Sou h Now, he (M'. B ) undertook to say that
labo- "ould b° obtained at Pennsace'a as cheap as
at Port-iiou a m New Hampshire Hi lesrntd
that l?bor at the navy-yard in this place (Wash-
ington) is cneaper than at any navy yard at th"
North He t as certain that labor c Aild be had m
Pensacola, even at a rate lecs than m the navy
yard here. He had also proposals made by foun-
dries in New Orleans io the Government, oflermg
to furnish cannon balls and cannon, cast in that
city, on the same terms as in the North— avmg all
the cxpen'e of transportation Pensacola is as
healthy a position as any in the Umtea States.
Nothing he had yet heard had shaken his confi-
dence in the eligibility of the site at Pensacola.
It is due to the South to complete that establish-
ment. He would gote for liberal appropriations ro
the navy, but should demand a reasonable share of
justice to the South. *
Mr. WOODBURY explained several points m
his remarks, misapprehended by the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. BAYARD had but one word to say—it was
in refeience to the report alluded to by the Senator
from Louisiana, as made by the Navy Commis-
sionars; in which he (Mr. B ) admitted there was
much ambiguity. But, appended to that report
was a statement by Mr. Dayton, Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury Department, in which it is shown that
$547,000 had been actually expended on the navy-
yard of Pensacda
The iraportanae of that navy-yard was vary evi-
dent, although it was a place which could not be
available for the building or repairs of ihips of war,
o( frigates of the first class. He read extracts from
the reports.
The department asks only for as much money
as can be applied, with propriety, to the progress
of the works now.
Tne soil is a shifting sand otgreat depth, and
it is almost impossible to keep any excavation made
free from bein  fitted up in a year or tso. If
fljating docks can be made available, when that is
ascertained, appropriations for the purpose can be
made. A dry-Jocit 's out of the que5, ion. It is in
0 mtemplationtotry a floating dock at New York If
it succeeds, there will be some proof of its availa-
bility for Peisacola At this late period of ihe ses-
sion and the year, what was the use of making this
appiopnation of $100,000? It would not be re-
quired for actual une till long after Congress will
have met agim.
Mr. BARROW called for the yeas and cays on
his amendmen'; which were ordered
The question was then taken, and resul.ed in the
affir native—yea^ 19, nays 18, a*, follows:
YEAS—Vessis Bürow, Baten, Benton, B rnen, Conrad,
Oiitttnden,Fulton, Gtaham, Hendeioon, Kins, Linn McRob-
erts, Mangum, Miller, Moiehoad, Preston, Simmons, Tall,
inadge, and Walker—19
NA.YS— Me sis Allen Bayard Buchanan, Clayton, Crafts,
Evana, Hun'n eton, Meirick, Phelps, Riven, Smith of Connec-
ticut, smith of Indiana, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wu¿ht, and Young—Is
Tne next amendmen' p oposed by the committee
was to insert, at the end of the paragraph appro-
priating $129,100 for the repair of the navy-yard
a1 B'ooklyn, the following:
" AnJ -prowled also, That the Secretary of the Nary may,
in Ins discretion, apply the bum of 8100 000 of the amount here-
by appropnafi!, and any balance of fonner appropriations tor
the construction ofadiy dock at Brooklyn, >itw York, to the
cons luction of a Moating dock "
Wh c-> was concurred in.
Mi  EVANS then moved to amend the bill, by
in«rting, in page 5, after Une 95, the following:
" Toi the chaitei of steamer  Splendid and Clarion, in Sep
temberand October, l&Jl, toi the survey of the NanluUret
fchoalb, 84,345 34 '
Which was concurred in.
Mr. EVANS next moved the following amend-
ment, to come in after line 95 m pa e 5, viz:
"To carry into effect the acts for the suppression of the
slave trade, mcluil n? the suppoit of recaptured Afncans, and
their removal to Afuca, under author! y of slid act including
an unexpended balance of former appropriations carried to the
suiplus fund, g? 3b3 14 '
Mr. E explained that a balance of a former ap-
nropt-ation of §4 000 had gone to ihe surplus fund.
«7,365 was due from outstanding liabilities
Mr. ARCHER said it was authorized undei ex-
istirg laws, and the sum was small.
Mr. KtNQ asked if it ras to pay the salary or
expense ot any agency to be employed on the coast
ofAtr'ca?                                                    ,
Mr. EVANS said he did not know if the ex-
isting laws on the subject author zed any such
thin?, bJt he was not aware that th re wis iny
intention of Ihe kind.
Mr. MOREHEAD made  a «hort expUnaum
relative to the law of 1819.
[i
