te
tONQ^pSiONAjt GLOBE.
sfi
Mr. ElNG-«nIyaske4if there was to beany
such agenc,.
Mr. WANS knew of no intention of the kind.
He had irorheard of any such intimation."
Ttietamendment was then adopted.
MrrPRBSTON moved to amend the bill by in-
serting the following:
Por Uie transportation, arrangement, and preservation of ar-
ticle  brought, and tobe brought 1>y the exploring expedition,
«20,000, if so much be necessary.
Which was concurred in.      *
Mr. EVANS moved to strike out from page 1,
line .8, P35.000, and insert $800,000. It adds
$465,001) for pay of commissioned, warrant, and
petty officers, and seamen; making the appropria-
tion $2,800,000, instead of {2,335,000, for that
purpose.
The estimate of the department was $3,195,000.
Th? committee wished to have it the same as the
rsumate of last year, cutting off some three or four
hundred thousand dollars of the estimate of the
department. It is impossible to estimate accu-
rately what is to be paid, in consequence of the
service being scattered over the world. There was
an unexpended balance of $200,000 last year; yet
the indebtedness m this item was upward  of a mil-
lion!; so tD*t 'bere was a deficit m reality. For an
instance of the way in which this occurs, take the
exploring expedition. There is an unsettled
account of foar years to be sdj'asted. So with the
Pacific squadron, and (he Brazil squadron. He
made the reduction from the estimates, in conse-
quence of the pay of the home squadron having
been already provided for by an appropriation of
last session.
The Senator from Missouri had said to-day that
many-of these increased expenditures had been
made without any authority of Congress. This
he denied. Did not Congress authorize the ex-
ploring expedition? So it was with all the other
sources of increased expenditures. All had been
sanctioned and ordered ty Congress. A great deal
of error had got abroad as to the expenditures ot
this year. It was not to be said that the whole
amount now appropriated, added to the unexpend-
ed balances of former years, must be expended in
the year 1842. No such thing was contemplated.
Although the power exists to make the expendi-
ture, it is not to be done; a portion will go over to
next year. According to the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, the unexpended balance, ac-
cording to the Comptroller's book', was $2,963 594,
Bat of this there must be $400,000 reserved for the
new steamers contracted for. There were, also,
outstanding obligations, since fulfilled So that the
whole sum has been absorbed, and cannot aid the
service of this year.
Toe unexpended balance, in any event, would not
exceed a million and a quarter of dollars, in addi-
tun to these appropriations He made many other
explanations. But, although the balance at the end
of last year was $1,230,080, the estimate of the
Navy Commissioners, tbf repairs of vessels in com-
mission, was estimated at fourteen per cent, on the
original cost, amounting to $1,325,000—leaving a
deficit chargeable on this years' appropriations.
He next estimated the diminution of $3,300,000
from the estimates of the Treasury Department for
the public service of that year; which, taken from
the full amount of twenty-four millions, would
leave twenty-one millions for the expenditure of
the year.
He urged the necessity of passing the bill with-
out further delay.
Mr. WILLIAMS, if he had time, would b? able
lo show there was no necessity for this increase.
Mr. BARROW moved an adjournment, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June lfe 1842.
Mr. RIDGWAY presented the petition of O P.
Weeks, and twenty-seven other citizens of Ohio,
respectfully asking the House of Representatives to
repeal the resolution, which it passed a short time
since, censuring the honorable J. R. Qiddihqs, of
the 16th district of that State.
The business of the morning hour being called
fw, the resolution offered some days since by Mr.
Stanly, from the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures, came up for consideration. It was in the
following terms:
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed to inquire
into the amount and character of the expenditures which have
been made by the Government, in satis action of bounty
land claims allowed by the State of Virginia, what amount of
like claims are still outstanding; whether any further legisla-
tion of Congress is necessaiy to secure the treasury against the
payment of improperor unfounded claims of that description,
[to which was added, on the motion of Mr W O GooDE,jorto
satisfy outstanding claims, which arejust and well founded; and
that said committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
When this amendment was offered, Mr. Stan-
ly assented to it individually, but not m the name
of the committee, as he had no authority to do so.
Mr. HALL now commenced the debate on this
resolution, and spoke through the entire moinmg
hour. He went into a long explaaation, but be
was inaudible at the reporter's detk.
At the expiration of the monrrig hour, the de-
bate was terminated, and ihe subject went over un-
til the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. FILLMORE observed, that before the
House proceeded to the orders of the day, he beg-
ged leave to state that the clerk of the Committee
of Ways and Means, under the direction of the
Committee, had prepared a tabular statement of the
rates of duties under the different tariff laws that
had been passed since 1816. He moved that this
statement be printed, together with the index which
was in the course of preparador; also, that 5,000
extra copies be printed.
Mr. PROPPIT did not see the necessity of print-
ing this document at all. We can (said he) al-
ways find out what the duties were in each year,
by referring to the different tariff laws; but he, at
all events, objected to the printing of the extra
copies, as involving a heavy expense, without de-
riving any benefit from it. All we can want (paid
he) with these tables is for our own action. The
people care nothing about them, till we ac'; and it
is not yet known what sort of a iar.ff bill we shall
pass. If it was desired to have the sentiments of
the people on the subject, it was too late in the day
ftr that object, as, beioro they could be heard from,
the tariff bill would be passed, and Congress ad-
journed.
The question on printing the ordinary number of
copies was here taken, and carried.
The printing of the extra number being object-
ed to—
Mr. FILLMORE moved a i-uspenMon of the
rules; when
Mr. PROFFIT withdrew his objection.
Messrs. COOPER of Georgia and RHETT re-
newad the objection.
The question on suspending tac -rules being
put, it was decided in the affirmative: ayes 101,
noes 42.
The quastion coming up on printing 5,000 extra
copies—
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that the order calling
for certain other tables on the same subject, made
some days ago, be rescinded.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had no objection to
rescinding that order.
Some explanations passed between Messrs.
FILLMORE and HABERSHAM
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland submitted an
amendment, that the Clerk prepare, as an appen-
dix to ihe document to be printed, the veas and
nays on the final vote on each tariff law 'that has
been passed by Congress sine? 1816, to be ar-
ranged by ¡states.
Mr. A. V. BROWN understood that the House
had Already in its possesion all the information on
the subject that was necessary ; and the order just
made for the printing of the ordinary number of cop.
les embraced every purpose which the House could
contemplate for its own action. The motion
however, was to procure five thousand extra cop!
les for the members to distribute over the country
whi'a none of them had the slightest knowledge
that the information they were to distribute was "to
be relied on, or that it furnished such information
as they desired to communicate to their constitu-
ents. If this document should be defective there
was enough of intelligence in Ihe House,' with
the aid of the documents at hand, to expose it ; but
the people to whom it might be sent would have
no means of detecting the inaccuracies it might
coniam, and would be liable to be misled by it.
He saw no reason for pressing on the motion with
such haste. Give us (said he) one day for exam-
iration; and if we find that it is such a document
as we can with propriety send out to the country,
we will not hesitate to vote for it. Mr. B , in
conclusion, urged his objections to the amendment
of the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN believed that these
tables in several parts had already been published.
All the information they contained was already
printed and in possession of the House, with the
exception of the portion added by the Committee
of Ways and Means. Now, w> at was the infor-
mation gentlemen proposed to give to the people,
by sending them these tables'! What did it mat-
ter to them what were the tariffs of 1816 and of
other years? All we want is to give them infor-
mation with regard to such a tariff as we may
enact. Do we know that we shall enact the tariff
prepared by the Committee of Ways and Means?
and are we to wait until this document goes abroad
to the peop'e, and comes back to us with their
sanction? Why, before ihe constituents of the
gentleman from Indiana and other distant States
could be heard from, he trusted that these halls
would be empty. Again: what had the .amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland to do with
the question before the House? I am not (said
Mr. B ) to be influenced by the votes of those who
have gone before me, The times had changed
since these tariff laws were passed; many of the
men who voted for them had also changed with
the circumstances under which they acted; and
many of them were no longer living. Why, the
time was when the constituents of his colleague
from Washington county raised an insurrection
rather than have a whiskey tax, and he questioned
wheiher there was now a distillery amongst them.
It was a new system of legislation, that they should
have the vo'es of their predecessors c elected and
exhibited to them, in order to influence their ac-
tion. He looked upon it as a dai gerous innova-
tion. For one, he thought there were documents
enough already printed on this subject; and, unless
they had it in their power to give the people some
new information, he hoped they would print no
more. Our printing bills (jaid he) are large enough
already for this economical and reform Adminis-
tration.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland replied in support
of his amendment, and concluded by moving the
ptevious question; and,
After some conversation between Mfssrs. AR-
NOLD, BURNELL, and the SPEAKER, on a
point of order—
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ARNOLD sdires^ed the House in favor of
the motion to print; and concluded by moving the
previous question.
Mr. BO WNE moved to lay the whole subject on
the (able, and called for the yeas and nays; which
werf ordered.
Mr. ROOSEVELT asked if he had not a right
to have the document read, before voting on it
He thought that it was calculated to produce very
erroneous impressions.
Mr. BOWNE asked for the reading of the
amendment; and it was read.
n„Mh-Bu !uen call?d for the readin? of the tables
on ^hich the motion to print an extra number
was pending.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said that he did not wish the
whole document read, and he would withdraw his
call if permuted to make an explanation relative
o tint part of it which was, m Ms opinion, calcu-
ated to lead to erroneous impressions. [Cries of
"order, order."]                                       L
Mr. BOWNE again called for the readme of the
document; and the Clerk had read a part of it
when                                                      r             '
Mr. FILLMORE asked if it was in order for a
member to mttrrupt the business oí the House by
m0T¿%í|.r/Tr^S0fJSUchad0Cament as*hat.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman had a
right to call for the reading of a document in rela-
tion to which he was called on to rote,
