CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*                                         fc&
—:-----------------------------------------------------------------1—i—.n.....—.......-----„..,...,..,,.............,, i             -------rf..*>
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON again rose to the
same point of order; and contended that the docu-
ment in question having been ordered to be print-
ed, no member could call lor the reading of it on a
motion to print an extra number of copies. Were
the motion to print the document now before the
House, the case would be different, and any mem-
ber might call for its reading, in order to know up-
on what be had to vole. As it was, however, he
maintained that it wa*, not in ¡he power of any
gentleman to detain it from ihe office of the printer.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said there might be errors in
the document, which he would be unwilling to cir-
culate throughout the ecun'ry m the large number
of extra copies which it was propose! to punt.
When printed for the use of the members, tbey
could correct ihe errois themselves; but not so with
the country at Urge, upon whom a fake impression
might be made. He asked the Chair if the docu-
ment did not show the amount of revenue in 1840,
and that year alone?
The SPEAKER said he had not had time In as-
certain, and therefore could not say.
Mr. ROOSEVELT sail he wished to know. He
also asked whether the amount of revenue in 1839
was not double that in lf-40.
[Here the noise and interruptions were so great
as to prevent Mr. Roosevelt from proceeding.]
The SPEAKER decided that, inasmuch as the
document had not been punted, in all fairness any
member might auk that it be reíd.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said he only wished a por-
tion ef the document relit'Pg to imports read.
Mr. W. COST 30WCOS appealed fiom the
decision of ihe Speaker.
Mr. CLIFFORD called tor the ayes arid noes on
the appeal: o'der"d.
Mr. GAMBLE moved to ¡ay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. CLIFFORD called for the ^yes and nop* on
that motion: ordered.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON then wi.hdrevv the
appea'.
The SPEAKER then ordered the document to
be read; but, after mpking some piogres., the
reading was dispensed with.
The question was taken oa th" motion of the
gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Bowne] to lay
the motion to print an extra number oí copies on
the table, and decided in the negativ:—yeas 83,
nays 114.
The previous ques'ion having then been second-
ed, the vote was taken on the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Wm. C Johi-
sok] direc'mg the C'erk to prepare an appendix
showing the votes of the ¡rn mbers of the House tn
each tariff bill passed by Cmgre¡>s, Tins v. as car-
ried without a division.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said, to pr.-, nt fraud,
as he understood the docu-nen* was written in pen-
cil, he would call for the reading of C~c whole.
Mr. GENTRY sug°e ted that, if fraud existed,
the reading would not prevent it.
Tie Cleik th"Q proceeded to read the document;
and was on the second page, when he vvas inter-
rupted by
Mr. FILLMORE, who appealed to ihe gentle-
man from Mississippi to wit'idnw bis call fir the
reading.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rq-ured if the chair-
man of th= Comm t te of \Vajs> and Means Lad
examined the docanuiit?
Mr. FILLMORE was unders'ocd to say that he
gave no ceit ficates.
Some conversas oí hei" took pb.ee between
many gentlemen; after which—
Mr. FILLMORE rose -nd s'p'cd that h  had no
doubt of the accuracy oí the document. Where-
upon—
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew hi= cad for the
reading.
Ths question recired upon the motion to print
5,000 extra cop'e*, and iesu..ed in the affiima'ive-
yeas 118, niy<- 8G  as <H v v ■
WYEA.S—Messrs Adam", Allen LandafTW Andrews, Pher
lock J Andrews Apple o , Arnol 1 Avcmg, B-ker, Ed.nard,
Barton, Beeson, BuiKeye, Boaidmtui, I! m«, Bii,bs, Buitkwav
Bronson Milton Brown, Iir> nuh. Bimvn, Buniell, Willmn
Butler, Calhoun, 1 liornas .t Campbell, Caiu'hei , Cimendi n,
John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, James Coc-De,, O men, Cran
eton, Crarcns, Cuahing, Garioit  Dai is,  Debury, Juhn Ed
waids, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmsre, Fornartce, A. Lawrence
Foster, Gentry, Giddmgs, Goggm, Patrick G. Goode, Granger,
Halsied, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J [Ingersoll, Joseph
R Ingersolt, James lrvin, Wiltiam W. Irwin, Jaroes, William
Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Isaac I) Jones, John P Ken-
nedy, King, Lane, Lmn, McKennao, Samson Mason, Matbiot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Moras, Morrow, Newhard, Oliver, Osborne, Owsley,
Patridge, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Randolph,
Head, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, James M Russell,
Saltonstall, ¡ihepperd, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly,
Stiatton, Alexander H. fl Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers,
Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Tilling
hast, Toland, Tomlinson, Tnplett, Trumbull, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, VVanen, Washngton, Edward D White, Joseph L
White, Chns'opher II Williams, Yorite, Augustus Young, and
John Young—118.
NAYS—Messis Athcrlon, Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewstei,
Aaron V Brown, Charles Blown Burke, GieenW Caldwell,
Patrick O Caldwell, John Campbell, Casey", Chapman, Ohf
ford, Cnnton, Colquitt, Mark A Cooper, Cross, Daniel, Rich-
ard ¡J Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doan, Eastman, Ferris, John G
Floyd, Charles A Tloyd, Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Git
mer, William O Goode, Gordon, Graham, Gusfine, Gwm,
Habersham, Harris, Tohn Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Jack, John W Jones, Keim, Lewis,
Littlefield, McKay, McKeon, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John
Thomson Mason, Mathews, Medil!, Mt ¡er, Parmenter, Payne,
Pickens, Plumer, Pioffit, Reding, Renctier, Reynolds, Rliett,
Riggs, Rogéis, Roosevelt, Saunders, Shaw, hhie'ds, Snyder,
Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, JacobThompson, ITndeiwood, Van
Buren, Watterson, VVellei, Westbiook, James W Williams,
Joseph L Williams, Wise, and Wood—80.
Mr. KING offered a resolution calling upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for a tabular statement
of the per centage duties laid at the New York cus-
tom-house.
Aft°r a few words from Messrs. RANDOLPH
and F. WOOD, the resolution was rejected.
Mr. M. A.  COOPER moved a reconsideration
of the vr>te bv which the House ordered the print-
ing of the tabu'ar statement submitted  by Mr
FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, shoeing the rates of duties under the dif-
ferent tanf laws.    He gave his reasons at length
tor the motion which he now made     He found ihe
|¡  accident to be anything ratrer than that which he
,    had   exrrcte 1 it to be.    It did not cotnmunica'e,
with sufficient clearness, the information which such
a documert ought to convey; ror did it c .me wuh
the requtsil > force of authority on  which reliance
i   cou'd be placed.
Air W. C. JOHNSON moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the 'able.
Mr. BLACK called for ihe a>es and noes.
The ayes and sees were not  ordered; and the
motion to rectnsid^r vim, laid on the table.
Mr. J. R INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill legalizing and
making appropriations for suci necessary objects
as have been usually included in the general ap-
propriation bills without other authority of Uw,
and for other purposes.
The bdl was read twice, an I committed to the
Commit'ee of the Whole
THE APPORTIONMENT BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the Speaker what  as
ihe order rf the dsy.                                      <
• The SPEAKER replied that the apportionment
bill would come upas unfinished business of yes-
terday.
Mr. BIDLACK requeued perraiss'on, before
thai bill was taken up, to present a resolution cf
the L gMaiure of the State of Pennsyltania
The Clerk read the resolnli"i, wh'ch appeared
to be one instructing the Senators from that State,
and reqaesiing the Representative*!, to u e their
irfljence ti procure tne p^sage of the apportion-
ment bill at as ear'y a day as possible.
M\ ADAMS then moved that fV H^use persist
in its disagreement with the amendments of the
Senaie, and that a commiUee ot conference bo re-
quested.
Some d scussion cs to the proper mode of pro-
ceed,ng here er ici between Messrs ERtGGS,
ADAMS and trie SPEAKER.
Mr. EVERETT defended ths course taken by
d,e Senate, a',d jusdikd the ratio wh.ch that body
h d idepted, and ierLei to seme Kmaiki trade by
Mr. Adams yesterday.
H^ was followed Dy M". TILLÍNGHAST, who
speke at srm" U.rg h.
f'r RUNT rfd'essed the House at length :n
Uv >r of ih- mot.on. tie ¡rusted ¡hat the H' u^e
would pass a vote to msi.t on its disagreement.,
ard accompany it with a request ior a Committee
of Conference
Mr. GORDON expressed h.mself m favor of the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts.- He
understood the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Everett] to say that the people of the United
States,'and particularly of Vermont, were in favor
of the reduction of the number of members of the
House, and he should like to know upon what evi-
dence the gentleman made this assertion. If we
look (said Mr. G.) to the history of the Govern-
ment, and the history of this House, under the
various censuses that have been taken, we
«hall find no such evidence The framers of
the Constitution fixed ihe fiVst ratto of repre-
sentation a' one member for every 30,000 in-
habitants; ai-d, since then, the poputatim cf the
country having been gradually increasing, the
number of Repre entatives at every succeeding
census has been increased m proportion. Had
there been any time, since the existence of that
House, that it had failed to answer the purposes
for whieh it was created? But he would a^ain ask,
Where was the evidence on which the gentleman
from Vermont based the assertion that the people
were in favor of reducing the number oí their
agents here? Where was the popular meet-
ing, the resolutions, or .addresses, declaring that
this body was too numerousí Where was the
public press, the organ of any party, that had ever
put forth such an opinion? So far as the
public presses had spoken on the subject, they
were in favor of a moderate increase of the
number of Representatives, in proportion to the in-
crease that hss been made at every census, '«-ora
the orgamzAtion of the Government, down to the
last. Since this question had been ap,i¡a'ed m this
hall, he had seen a small portion of the people of
this country. He would not undertake to speak
for the people of ¡h  whole Union, as the g nt c-
I ms>n from Veimont had done, uer for th^ people <f
t! e Stats from which he came; but he conl' speak
j for a portion of fie people oí tnat S ate, and could
say that they were not for a reduction of the
House, but were in favrr of a moderate ard rea-
sonable increase of it. Mr. G. repudiated the doc-
trine that had been advanced by the gentleman
from Vermont—'hat the Senate was a better judge
of w!>at tbe numbers of the Hou*e should be, thaa
the House itself. After which, he went i to an
argument, in reply to Mr. E , to show that the
business of ihe House could be transacted as cor-
rectly and as expeditiously withaninetpased,as with
ad.rainished, number of Representatives. He be-
lieved a majonty was m favor cf retain eg the
present number of the House, or of a small in-
crease; and he believed that the number of those m
favor of a reduction was small—not amounting to
"acorpoial's gua-d." After some remarks in re-
ply to Mr. Hunt—
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a reconsideration of the
i vote by which the House had refused to rrcede
fiom i's disagreement td the Senate's amendment
lncieas ng the ratio of representaron.
Ai tms stage, considera1*'e convtr-a'ion took
place upon pomls of order, touching the effect of a
refusal by the House to rcci nsider the vote taken on.
yesterday; in wh.ch conver ationai debate Messrs.
1   WISE, THOMPSON of Indiana, HOPKINS, W.
I  C. JOHNSON, COOPER of Pennsylvania, and
i  the SPEAKER, took part.
i After which, Mr. I. D. JOKES obtained the
floor, and sail he had vo etl to recede from the dis-
agreement to the Senate's amendment, and would
explain his reasons for so doing. He regretted the
subject had not been approached vi'h that spirit of
concilia'ion so necessary to settle he disagreements
between the two Houses. He could readily par-
don the younger members who had con kmned the
Senate; bat he w.-.s suipi. ed that a gentleman of
the great ?ge, exper.er.ee, knowledge of life, and
wisdom of the gen leman from Massachusetts,
should hive made such remarks in relation to the
Sen te, as he submitted yesterday. Tna* gentle-
man [\Ir. Adams] had denounced the Senate as the
aris-tocraiie branch of the Government He (air.
J ) took ís-ue on ihn q'ie-tioD, and con'endml that
tne Senate was the democratic branc'i. He passed
an encomium on thf character of th. Senaie and
its effieacy in guarding the nshts- of" the sm^¡ er
States from the encroachment of a msjon'y ot lav
House of Representative*.
