_s    ~w *&,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           64£
2 The amount of treasury notes issued sinue the 4th of
March, 1841, underacts passed prior to that date,
á The amount of treasury notes issued since the 4th of
March, 1841, under the acis passed since that date
4   The amount of treasury notesnow outstanding
5   The amount of treasury notes authorized to be issued by
acis passed since the 4th ef March, 1841, but which have not as
yet been issued
6   The amount of public debt at this time, including tteas
ury notes now outstanding, with the other items of such debt
7. The amount of loans authorized by acts passed since the
4th of March, 1841
8  The amount of loans obtained under acts passed since the
4th of March, 1841, with vhe mtere&i theieon
9   The amount of income actually íeceived from ail sources
since the 4th of March, 1841, with the particular amount from
each source
10  The amount of appropriations by acts passed prior to the
4th of March, 1841, and unexpended at that date
11   The amountofappropnationsbyactspassedsincethe4th
of March, 1811
12   The amount of money now actually m the treasury
13  The amount of appropriations estimated and recom
mended by the executive Departments since the 4th oí March,
1841
14  The amount of the increase of the tases m all forms, im
posed by acts of Congress passed since the 4th of March, 1841
16 The amount of increase ofiaxes, in all forms, recom
mended by the Treasury Department since the 4th of March,
1841
And that he be directed to arrange the above amounts m
tabular form, by their several kinds, dates, and amounts
Mr ALLEN asked for the consideration of the
resolution now; but objection being made by
Messrs HUNTINGTON and EVANS, the reso-
lution lies over till to morrow.
Mr HUNTINGTON made a motion to post-
pone all previous orders, for the purpose of lakmg
up a bill for the relief oí John A.. Rockwell
Afier a few remarks by Messrs. LINN, PRES-
TON, KING, and BENTON, on the propriety of
adhering to the order of basinets on the calendar,
the question was taken, ana the Senate refused to
take up the bill.
The resolution cf Mr Mfrrick, defining what
papers from tbe Executive Departments shall be
considered confidential, came up in its order.
After a few remarks by Mr. MERRICK, urging
the adoption of the resolution as proposed by him,
and appealing to the Senator irom Illinois [Mr.
McRoberts] to withdraw the amendment proposed
by him, requiring (hat certain executive pioeeed-
mgs of the Senate shall be transacted with open
doors-
Mr. McROBERTS moved to postpone tbe fur-
ther consideration of the whole subject till Satur-
day week
Mr. EVANS moved to lay the subject on the
table, to get rid of it, which motion was agreed to
on a count   ayes 19, noes not counted.          \
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.    \
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in committee of the- whole, oh  \
the bill making apr-ropnauon for the naval seivice S;
for the year 1842
The question perdmg bug the resolution of Mr
Evans to s nke otn from page 1, line 8 $335,000,
and insert #800,000 l< adds $465 000 f r pay ot
commissioned, warrant, am peny t fficf-rs, and tea-
men; making the appropriation $2 800,000, instead
of $2 335,000, for that purpose.
Mr. WILLIAMS observed, that one of the rea-
son* assigned by the chairman of the Finsnce Com-
mittee for proposing this increase of appropriation
for the navy, wa«, 'hat a considerable sa/mg was
to be made by reductions m the araiy appropria-
tion bill He (VIr W , was not willing to go up-
on any such presumption. He misled to see the
subject ot appropriations for the navj considered
wi'hout any ¡eference to what might be do.ie in
any other department, witti a view oí ascertaining
what was absolutely netessary for (he navy itself
Mr. W. reviewed some ot the leading pr< posi-
tions of the report mad  by t e majority of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr BAYARD explained some positions wh ch
he corceived the Senat< r m ^ufdeiMood
Mr. WILLIAMS continued Lis re vie*. He
did not see any necessity'or inciea ins tit. num-
ber of ships ol war n t,omm m< n Tleie vom t
only no necessit)— ids i vice reqmr'g ad«u íonai
force of that kind but no m a to man a d'ional
ships of the line. Tne^qialmn m the M=J< ena
nean had hitherto been iound qunt. sufficient kr all
the objects of keeping a naval force on 'hit sta-
tion.
j^The chairman of the Finance Commute* |ttr.
Evans] had stated some difficulties aNajs exist-
ing in ascertaining th? amount of liabilities of the
department But this difficulty was not nrged by
the Secretary of the Navy himself In his report,
he estimates, for the pay of officers, seamen, and
marines, $3,195,442 for the service of tne year.
The House if Representatives "had reduced this
item to $2 350,000—making a difference of eight
hundred and odd thousand dollars It is now pro-
posed to reinstate $800,000 of this sum His pur-
pose was to show that there was no necessity
whatever for this addition to lh<* sum appropriated
by the House
Mr. W continued: Looking at the question as he
did, he was discosed to take the reptrt of ihe Secre-
tary of the Navy as the proper guide for the action
of the Senate, because he must be presumed to be
better acquainted with the subject. He would not
undertake to controvert the statement of his honor-
able colleague with respect to the sums remaining
from last year's appropriations. He would not
deny lhat they might run into the next year's ac-
count. There would be balances, and those bal-
ances would serve to continue the service until a
new appropriation be passed His colleague's
general position was correct, but, m reference to
the home squadron, it was a very different matter.
The home squadron, as such, erased on ihe 1st
day of January, but the appropriations were made
as if upon general service On the 1st of January,
then, they wtuld have an unexpended balance of
$40,000. It thn were so—and he could noi, after
a long examina i n, see it in any other 1 ght—they
would ha/e a sum of money set apa't fi r the
home squadron, which is never hereafter to be
used as a heme squadron When the estimates
were made, the sum then in hand should have been
t'edii'-te'', and that not having b en done, he was
disposed that it should now be done.
Where was ihe home squadron now, and of
what vessels did it consist? He was unable to say
whether it was at sea'or not. He knew, however,
that there were complaints that the home squadron,
during the winter months, when they might have
been of service to the returning merchant vessels,
were lying in port. This had created much dis-
satisfac'ion. Tney knew, also, that the vessels
were not fully manned, although the estimates had
been made as though they had their complement of
men. There must, then, be a greater amount of
inoney appropriated than was necessary. And he
«ould not understard lhat this was altogether an
í'oversipht n the Navy Commissioners \ h<>n they
made their report. There were also a g od many
itemi. 'i> ihe estimates wh ch should be look d at,
with a view to some fur'her corrections There
>va , for irs'ance, tbe estimat  for tho marine -er-
viee Gentlem n would find, upon looking at the
estimates, that ration  for 999 marines had been
estimated for twice over. Again • there was in
hand $54,000 excess of appropriations over the ex-
penditure of last year This sum should have
been deducted from the estimates of the present
year
There was a great variety of small sums appro-
priated, from year to 5 ear, which were constantly
leaving an accumulated balance. But he was not
speaking of th se small matters, he was speaking
with re °ieice mors particularly to the enormous
bilance which would be created in consequence of
the service of the home squadron terminating on
the 1st of January, and not continuing from year
to yea*, as was the case with the naval service
generally
Mr. EVANS «a'd the points of d fferenee between
his colleague and hinv-"lf were not very numerous,
nor very great, and, after a little more examina'ion
of tbe subject on the part of bis colleague, he hoped
he would jet be brought to consider the sum ap-
propriated the proper one
Mr WILLIAMS sa.d, if his colleague wou d
permit him, he would add a few more observatio u
befi re the explan itionwh'ch hiscolleagu" proposed
11 ma'se Tiere were some other items of naval
expenditure which he regarded as highly recessary
to lhat service. The increase of the marine corps
would, of course, depend upon the amount wh 'h
Congress would authorize. In his (Mr. W.N)
opinion, there would be economy in increasing, to
some extent, the marine corps; because they served
as substitutes for land forces, and required less ex-
pense. This was a refoimation which, he thought,
was highly desirable. It had been said (and said
with truth) that it was a difficult matter to get a
man to serve under the present system, «.s the pay
of the purser is derived from tbe marines, ins'ead
of paying' him, as he ought to be paid, by a fixed
salary out ot the treasury. Your reorganization of
that departmeht will have a good effect, if it only
effec's the single alteration of paying the pursers
of the navy by salaries from the treasury.
Mr. EVANS observed that the difference be-
tween himself and bis colleague was not very great,
and he thought could be easily reconciled The
chief ground of difference is as to the amount
which the Navy Department ought to have at its
disposal to meet unasceitamed obligations. His
(Mr. E's) colleague [Mr. Williams] did not think:
he had gone far enough in cotung down the es i-
maie of the Secretary of the Navy from $3,195,442
to $2,800,000, and he mentions the cost of com-
missioning and keepiDgun service for the year an
additional «nip of the line, but he (Mr. E) denied
that this addition could be dispensed with
Mr. E went into details of figures to show that
the sum appropriated in misiake, twice over, was
only $394,740, instead ef $740,000, as supposed
by bis colleague, [Mr. Williams ]
Mr. WILLIAMS understood lhat the sum of
$550,000 had been earned to tbe account of the
home squadron. What had been done with th 
balance of the appropriation of last session?
Mr EVANS observed that he would come to
tha  presen'ly Mr E then referred to the allu-
sion of the Senator from New Hampshire yester-
day evening, that it was only in the books of the
Treasury Department that correct information could
be obtained of ihe expenditures. In this he con-
curred. He read official extracts from the Regis-
ter's bocks, to show that in December Jast there
was a balance of $742,510 to the credit of the
home squadron, and not then paid out, from the
sum appropriated last session; but upwards of
$500,000 had been since paid in fitting out the
home squadron. It also appeared that $250,000
had been withdrawn from the appropriation, and
applied to other liabilities of the department.
The surplus of appropriations at the end of the
year was only $200,000, bui there was an ltidebt-
edness of over a million; so that there was actual-
ly a large deficit. If there shall be apparently a
large surplus this year, it cannot be questioned
that ihere will be outstanding liabilities to swallow
it all up within a few months of the succeeding
year, and lhat a balance will still be left due. If
from the $2 800 000 wh <h he now proposed to ap-
propriate, the deficiencies of la11 year be deduct-
ed, the sum may be reduced to $2 000,000; but the
indebtedness ot ihe department will be tbe same at
the end of the year that it was at the end of last
year.
He regretted to see so much instability in legisla-
tion with regard to the navy. Last session all
was energy and vigor, and the Executive Depart-
ments partook of the disposition of Congress.
Now, what a revulsion had taken place! This be
regretted—he regrctied such vacillation.
Mr. WOODBURY observed that every Senator
who had voted to strike out the proviso from the
bill was bound to vote for the whole estimate of
tbe Secretary of ihe Navy If the number of
officers now employed are to be increased in the
same ratio as last j car, and there is to be a cor-
responding mciease of vessels, there will be an
absolute necessity for the whole estimate. He
had no idea of payina officers, without giving them
something to do The.re must be ships, men,
mechanics, and all the material neces ary to keep
thim emcenlly employed But the cost must be
estimated by the number of guns, and not bv the
numoer of >h ps The rano of increase m officers
requires an mcrea-e of 190 guns, and the Senator
fr< m Missouri [Mr Bent n] had shown that
the cost per gun in #9,00  At th>s rate, the esti-
mate for 190 guns additional mus' be $1,710 000,
wnicb, added to th«* cost o! the servios lor 1841,
would show that the full estima S ot the depart-
ment is not too much—that is, ü the establ shmeat
