* *-
140
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of officers tí, to be kept up on. a peace establish-
ment. But it is not to stop here, unless some re-
striction, such as the proviso stricken out, is put in-
to the bill. If no restriction is put on the Execu-
tive and Navy Department, they may appoint as 
many additional officers as they please, depending
on the application of the surplus at the «nd of the
year for their pay, or leaving a liability against the
next year's appropriation This, the department
frankly avows, is a means it will resort.to But if
there is no check, the probability is that the num-
ber of RtiBi in the service will be raised from 970
to 1,660, and running up the expenditures to fifteen
millions of dollars, instead of eight and a half mil-
lions, asked by the Secretary of the Navy for this
year.
Mr. BAYARD had thought, fiom the mannei
in which the Senator from Missouri was addressing
the Senate yesterday, that he would spend some
time on the subject, and he (Mr. Bayabd) wen' to
his lodgings for some books he meant to refer to
But, while absent, the Senator unexpectedly con
eluded bis speech, and the vote was taken—fortu-
nately, a majority deciding oa striking out the pro-
viso, on which the question had been pending. In
that way, he missed the opportunity of answering
the Senator's arguments He had, however, since
yesterday, ob'ained a table from the Navy Depart-
ment, which showed that in 1840 the number of
persons in the service was 6,896, and the number
of guns 758 For the year 1841 both numbers
were th  same. In the year 1842 the number of
persons in the service was 9,140, and the number
of guns 954. The expense per gun for 1840 was
#¿,541, for 1841, $3,521, and for 1842, $3 676,
being an increase ot §150 per gun. Tne average
for the three years is $3 573 22 per gun. The
cost of a ship of the line, afloat, for service, is
#300,883 75. of a frigate, $174,508 75, of a sloop
of war, #78,009, and of a brig, $32,732 The ex
pense per man is $386. This showed the incor-
rectness of the calculations made by the Senatoi
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton ] The facts, as as-
certained by the department, are at war wuh the
Senator's calculations
Mr. B. next went into a minute review of the
circumstances which operate on the naval service,
so as to render it almobt in possible tor the depait-
ment to ascertainit¡> liabilities, time enough to au-
thorize specific estimates The Brituh Govern-
ment has long abandoned the idea of making
specific appropriations fot the navy It was found
wholly impracticable In that countiy, they malte
a bulk appropriation for the naval service, and it
is found in a series of year-, that it all works light,
for the surplus (f one year meets the deficit of
arother. and, in the end, it costs no more than if
specific appropriations had been made. Such was
the case wuh regard to the Navy Depaitmeiat of
tots country There was neither inconvenience
nor increase of expense m the arrangement.
UMr. B read extracts from a British work on the
subject, showing the practice ot the House oí Com
mons. His tbject was to prove that, trom absolute
necessity, the general system of appropriations was
'blieed to be adopted by a nation remarkable for
its precision m business and us jealou«y of appro-
priations                                                        rr
He found, taking a series of five years, from
1836 to 1841, mclu.ive, that the aggregate appro-
priation tor our naval service was $38,498 000,
and the ?ggregate expendituref$37,554,0d0, which
would leave in the treasury $944,000. Now, of this
there can be no doubt; for it is on the face of the
books of ihe department He showed that this was
confirmed by a review of the annual appropriations
and annual expenditures And, wuh regard to the
pre-ent case, there «, in reality, no materia! increase.
Jt i= only half the amount appropriated last session
tor the home squadron To show tms, he entered
irto various details
The Navy Department is necessarily goverRed
by the appropriations oí Corgress. Hence the
propriety of Congress passing- judgrmnt on the ser-
vice in an appropriation bill it was all right. If
^ongress cuts off   mill on from the estiman, tie
!STBUS,?lslllhf ser*,ce  i a coins-
C«StS; „Iastf dofsh,psof war, frigates
«■**• tmployed on ce«am stations, and instead
I
of sloops of war, brigs must be employed. The
question, then, merely resolves itself into that of
the amount of service actually necessary Now,
he denied that the proposed expenditure of this
year exceeded that of last year. Including the ap-
propriations of the extra session, as well as those
of the regular session, it would be found that the
estimates of this ,year, corrected of errors in calcu-
lation, did not vary so much from the expenditures
of last year as the gentlemen opposite conceived.
He next adverted to the question of introducing
a restraint on the appointing power into an appro-
priation bill. To bhow his sincerity m this partic-
ular, he bad not the b'ighte t objection to the mtro-
duc ion of a proviso in the bill now, that the Presi-
dent of the United Stales shall not appoint an addi-
tional midshipman over the number at piesent in
commission, until the whole service is regu'ated.
He stated the manner in which volunteers are ad-
mitted into the British service—the admiralty hav-
ing a light to admit twenty-five annually, and the
captains thirty—making fifty-five every year. The
volunteers remain two years in service, and then
may become midshipmen. After six years ser-
vice, they may become mates; and so on to the rank
of captains.
He then stated the manner of advancement in
the United States service. The supply of offirers
here is dependent on the appointing power of the
Executive There is now a bill in preparation, t 
prescribe the number to be appointed annually,
and the mode of examination It wss intended
that this examination should be made into the
physical fitness of the candidates, as well as their
mental capacities In the e particulars, it was not
to be questioned that great abuses had existed, it
was but the other day that a friend of h s, walking
down the avenue, observed a young mi 'sh prnpn
with a crippled arm, and, happening to ask him
how he came to wear the navy button, he learned
that the youth had been appointed a midshipman
through commis ration for his deformity, although
theteby disibled fiom active service These were
abuses to be corrected by a new system.
He next adverted to the report of the Secretary
of the Navy. That report merely recommended
what ihat officer deemed essential tor tne semce,
but his rec mmendation was subj ct to the decis-
ion of Congress—he was held m check by the ap-
propriations
Mi. ARCHER thought that what hed been >-aid
by the Senator from New Hampshire w.tn regard
to the expenditures of 1841, increased m proportion
to toe n.iuiber oí officer, now authorized to becon-
tinued, settled the whole question. It was an ad-
mission auihonzing the increase now called for
Mr. WOODBURY observed that th- Senator
from Vugiria w.s in error 'n supposing he meant
the scale of January, 1841. He alluded to the
year 1841. With res, ect to the calculations made
by the Senator Irom Delaware, sr-osemg that the
cost of these, vice per gun -s only $3 573 22, he
corccived they could only relate to th- piy of men
and officers necessary for the guns afluat for ser
vice. But in order to get tho.e guns afloat, ships
must have bien previously built, and all the ma-
rine material must have been provided Now
the calculations of the Senator from Delaware did
not in the lea4 d scredit the calculators of the
Senator from Mi^onri, [Mr Benton,] wro, ta'nng
, into aceoun' the whole amine ma en J, including
sh ps, equipments, &c, very correctly estimated
t! e ci st per gun at $9 000 The who'e th ng iP.
' olved itself mto t.s- tiwt it tice must be el -
Cérs, here must be men to co.rcspond , aid if
ihfre are bo. , there must be ships to man and
k.ep.r -enrice, and havn<g all ihe«e, there must
be corresponding aapropriations To ni<- a home-
ly p->raap, if \/e must dance, we must a'so pa. tne
piper.
M . CUTHBERT extilamed a' *o<i,e lengm h &
views, of ihe subjec', m relation to the ones ,on at
l^ue.
Mr BENTON said tne Sem or f-om D-lawa e
l.i Bayard] thought t eie w a« sou <= mistake n
t.>F ii g $9,000 as the cost ot each • t,u ¡-floar, wd
entered into calculations to show it to be erroneous
He bad taken data which brought it below that
amount—data which confined themselves to a pait
only oí the expenses of the naval e tabltshment   He
lelt out the land establishments, at d many nems
which entered into the general expense.   This was
not the view which the nature o¡ the subject re-
quired the Stnate to take    It should 'ook to the
whole amount of the annual expense, and then see
the number of guns afloat    The object is to get
guns afloat, and the whole establishment is subor-
dinate and incidental to that object.   Not only the
gun itself, the ship which cartes i>, and the men
who wo k it, are to be taken m'o the account, but
the docks and navv-yards at home, the hospitals
and pensions,   ihe   marines and   guards—-every
thing, in fact, which constituted the expense of
the  naval   establishment     The   whole  is   em-
ployed, or incurred, to produc- the result—which
is, so many guns at sea to be fired upon the enemy.
The whole is incurred fur the -ake of ihe guns, and
there'bre e!1 must be counted    Going by this rule,
(said Mr B.,) it would be easily shown that his
statement of yesterday was aDout corree —rather
under thin over, and this cculd be seen by  ma-
king a brief and plain summ authmetic. We have
the number of guns afloat, and the estimated ex-
pense for the year: the guns 936, the estimate for
the year is $8,705,579.   Now, divide this amount
by die number of guns, and the result is a little
upwards of $9,200 to each one.   This proves the
correctness of the statement made yesterday ;   it
proves it for the present year, which is tne one in
controversy    The result "will be about the same
for several previous years    Mr   B   said he had
looked over the years 1841 and 1838, and found
this to be the result- In 1841, the guns were 747,
and   the   expense   of   tne   naval  establishment
$6196 516    Divide the money by the guns, and
you have a h tie upwards of $8,300    Is 1838, the
guns were 670, and the expense $5,980 971    This
will give a míe upaards of $8,900 to the gun.
The average of the whole three years will be just
about $9 000
Thus , the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Woodbury] and himself  were correct in   their
statement,   and the figures  proved  it    At   the
same  time, th* Senator   from   Delaware  [Mr.
Bayard] is undoubtedly correct m taking a small
number of guns and saving  they may be added
wi hcut incurring an expense of mere than three
or four thousand dol „rs    Small additions may
be made, without ireurnt g anything but the ex-
pense of the gun it<elf, and trie «en who work it.
But tnat is not the question here    The question is
to aim'st double the number, u is to carry up 937
to  1,700    Here is an  increase intended by the
Secretary of tne Navy of near 800 guns—perhaps
quite 800, if the    evetj-fours carry ninety guns,
as intimated by theoma-or [Mr Bayard] thisday.
These seven or eight hundred gun  could not be
added without shits to c?rry them, ?rd all the ex-
pense on land which is incident to the construction
of thc-e ships   These seven or eight hundred addi-
tional guns would requi-e seven or eight thousand
men, ¿nd a great many officers.   Ten men and two
ofliceroio tie gun is the enmate   The present estab-
ishment t  near that ra'e, and the mcrea e must be ¡n
the same propon on.   The rrcsent number of men
m the navy, exclusive of officers, ,B 9 784  which is
a fraction over ten to the gun     The number of
offie re now in service (muMiipmen, suigeons,&c ,
nc'u let) i, near 1,300, beside, the list of nomma!
ttons not yet co-firmed    This ,s ,n the propon,on
or nearly  one and a ba.f to a gan.    Apply the
whole to the intended mer,M-.he «ccetLwh ch
the report oi the e mom ee d.*clo.es to u'—and
you v.i,l have  close upon 17 000 men and 2 000
officers tor the pe?<-e establishment of tne n*v._
m all, near 20 000 rren < and this, independent of
ttose emploved on hml, and the 2,000 mechan-
ic md booms  «ho are usually at our navv
w>a •    Now, th.se men and offices co.t money :
$226 per annum p„ m n, an  $850 p r annum per
tfi*ei, was it,., ven^u*, ,„ 1833, .is Mated m
the report of'he then Secret ry of the Navv    the
present S-n-itor from l\ew H wp hi-p, [ «r Wood!
bury ]    What u is iow, Kr b did ,} know b«
knew it was greater for the officers now, than t
was then.    But one thing ne oíd know-ánd that
was, that a na*al ptace establishment of the mas-
m ude disclosed m the comtmttee'o report, (su
