•  %M ___________________^_
under consideration.   The power of the Executive
to appoint officers must be a power subordinate to
the law or the Constitution.   The President cannot
appoint an officer in the army or m the judiciary,
without some law has created the-office, and au-
thorized the appointment. But it is contended that,
if authority be given to the President to build a
single ship, it involves the power of appointing a
hundred or a thousand officers, if he pleases, to
command her.   He could not conceive why any
difference between the army and the navy, in this
particular, should exist.   If all these numerous
officers are necessary, let the law fijp thenumber.
It seemed to him that the same reason exists for
limiting the number of officers in the navy as in
the army, or any other department.   The question
is, whether an  unlimited and arbitrary power
should be left in the hands of the Executive to ap-
point an indefinite number of officers.   This is a
great political question.   It is one involving the
issue whether tbe Executive shall be limited; and
those who have been so long contending against
executive power are now put to the test of carrying
out the principle.
The yeas and nays were called, and ordered, on
the amendment, modified as follows:
Provided, That, until otherwise ordered by Congress, the of-
ficers of the navy shall not be increased beyond the number in
the respective grades that may exist at the end of the present
session of Congress; nor of midshipmen, beyond the number
now in the service.
And resulted in the affirmative—yeas 27, nays
ny as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Crafts,
Crittenden, Cutbhert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, King,
¿inn, McRoberts, Mangum, Morehcad, Sevier, Smith of Con-
necticut, Smith of Indiana, ¡sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, White,
Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Evans, Huntington, Kerr, Merrick,
Miller, Preston, Rives, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—17.
Mr. SEVIER then offered hu amendment;
which, at the suggestion of Messrs. MERRICK,
HENDERSON, and LINN, he modified so as to
r*ad as follows:
And all vacancies, when filled, shall be ■supplied from
States, 'territories, and the District of Columbia, which at the
time shall not have theli proportion, having regard to federal
numbers, of midshipmen in the service, piovided suitable ap-
plications aio made for the same
And the amendment was unanimously adopted.
Mr. EVANS, in deference to the manifest indis-
position of the Senate to mercase the appropria-
tions, declined offering some other amendments he
bad had in contemplation.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to amend the bill by
inserting, after the clause making appropriation for
the navy-yard at Philadelphia, the following :
And for the purpose of prepaung the yard loi the establish-
ment of a marine railway 01 floating dock, whichever may be
thought advisable by the President of the United States, the
further sum of 420,000.
Mr. B. said ihat, although it might be deemed
somewhat inappropriate in the present bill, he
could not, under a sense of duty, refrain from ask-
ing the'Senate to adopt this amendment, even at
tbe then late hour of the day. For many years the
navy-yard at Philadelphia had been, he might al-
most say, shamefully neglected. And for what
reason? Our mechanics and shipbuilders were
known to the whole world to possess skill equal, at
least, to any others m ihe United States. Vts-sels
were built there at a cheaper rate than at any other
navy-yard, and their excellente was proved by
, ihe character of the vessels tnemselves. But al-
though ships of war, which were the pride of our
navy, had been construcied, an < could be con-
structed, at the navy-yard in Philadelphia, they
could sot be repaired for the warn of a marim -rail-
way or floating dock Bat very recently a vessel
oí war had to be sent from Philadelphia to another
port for repairi.
It was now, he believed, well ascertained that
floating docks would answer every purpose of a
raarine-raiiway or dry-dock. There was, no belter
place in the United Stales to make ibis experiment,
(if it might still be called an experiment,) than at
the navy-yard of Phi'adelphia. Besides, it wouH
be a work of small expense, when compared with
the cost of a dry-dock. The constraction of a
wharf, and of some other works, was necessary,
in order to prepare the yard for a marine-rail
way or a floating dock; and he was anxious th it
ths Senate might pass this appiopriatioa, and ihus
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
determine that such a work should be constructed.
He feared that, if nothing could be done for t
navy-yard at Philadelphia until the Navy Depart-
ment should move in the matter,, it would be ne-
glected hereafter, as it had been' heretofore. He
therefore trusted that the Senate would determine
to commence tbe work for itself, independently of
that department; and thus place us on the same
footing with other navy-yards, no better, if as
well, entitled to ihe fostering care of the Govern-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amendment;
and it was rejected, on a count, by ayes 13, noes
19.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments of the committee of the whole were
concurred id, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; which having been done, the bill
was subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Engrossed bill for the relief of Charles H. Ath-
erton was taksn np, read a third time, and passed.
Engrossed bill allowing further time to complete
the issuing of warrants for military land bounties
to the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of
the late war with Great Britain, and making pro-
vision for satisfying the same, was taken up, read
ihe third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREHEAD gave notice that he would,
on to-morrow, ask the Senate to consider the bill
making provision to satisfy the claims artsicg un-
der the Choctaw treaty.
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask the Senate to cocsider the bill pro-
viding further lemedial justice in the courts of the
United State?, which he con«idered of more írnpoi-
tance than the other bill.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would, on ¡o-iior-
rsw, the very first moment afier the reading of the
journal, move the ¡senate to proceed to the consid-
eration of bills on the general calender.
On motioa of Mr. SEVIER, tne Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of executive business, and,
after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 17,1842.
Mr. GWIN offered a resolution authorizing the
Committee on Indian Affairs to inquire into the
expediency of reporting a bill appointing commi«-
sioners to settle the claims arising unJsr the 14th
aiticle of ihe treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek.
Mr. G. observed, that, in offering tins resolution,
he intended no censure upon the Committee on In-
dian Affaiii-; nor did he wish it understood that it
had neglected this subject. He knew 'he commit-
tee were now, and had been, most anxious to bring
the subject to the consideran>n of the Hou'-e.
Ths reason of its «ant of action arce (rom ihe
fact that the Committee on Indian Affairs in the
Senate had taken this subject under consideration
at the commencement of the ;ession; and it had
bien by that committee brought before the Senate,
to which body had been ^ubaiuicd an able report
from ihe Secretary of War, accompanied by a
bill; but he was sorry to say that 'hue seemed to
be but little prospect oí speedy action iu that body
on this subi-c, so impcrunt to his constituents.
Tne S-nate was already in arrears in ¡ s business,
as compared with this House—having on its table,
undisposed of, many important bills that have
passed this Hou^e.
It was in view of these facts that he eonceived it
to bean impenous duty impo.ed upon him, by
the imp-nance to his canstiiupfts nf settling these
claims speedily, to cid the attention of tie Com-
mittee on Indian Affair, in this House to the n 
cessity of us, action, els<> 'here v;as no hope ii
reaching the subject ihis sess ok; oi, it the eommt'-
tee reported a bill to appoint csmmi-sioners to ad-
judicate these claims, he wonM ask ihe House to
make it the special order for iorne dav vi ihe =ps
S'on that roui i msare i'-> cons'dfrat.oti ft I e
sahjec was pi -seel over vvunoor fie ,<■■ t ™ f C. n-
giess d'ir ng this sets tin, the tni  oí "-.un ied >
the eittz n . of Mississippi to then !i> n. s t' a' ¡hey
hid bought iron ¡he Government, and 1^ -! ñ
tiiey n-td p*ui their money into ihe treasury je.us.
ago, would be disturbed, and they subjec.ed to
the cost and liUf of suits of ejectment that would
be brought against them by Claimants under ths
14'h and 19th articles of the treaty tf Dancing
Rabbit creek.
Mr. CARTJTHERS was aware of the import-
ance to tbe constituents of tbe gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Gwin] that the claims under this
treaty be finally settled. But he would submit to
that gentleman whether he would promote the ob-
ject he had in view, by bringing it before the House,
when it bad been for months before the Senate.
He, as a member of the Committee on Indian Af-
fair?, knew the snxious desire of that committee
to bring that subject before ihe House, and have it
acte! on th.s sesstor; and it would long since have
been brought before the House, but for the fart that
it w?s known to be m the h nds oí a similar com-
mittee in the Senate.
Mr. GWIN was fully aware of all that bad been
stated by the gentleman from Tennessee; and if that
gentleman had heard his remarks, he would have
perceived that he (Mr. G.) bad st?ted the same
thing to the House It was the apprehension that,
from the busings now before the Senate in advance
of this subject, that body would not act upon it in
time to insure the consideration and action of this
House during this session, that had induced htm to
call for the action of the proper committee in this
House, that his constituents might see that a sub-
ject so important to them had not been entirely-
overlooked here. After waning nearly seven
months upon the Senate  it certainly was time to
bring the subject to the consideration of this House,
if it was intended to act upon it at all this session;
and he earnestly hoped that it would not only be
acted upon, bat finally disposed oí, so far as the
action oí this House wav concerned, before tbis
session clo=Cf.
Tne resolution was a?reed to.
Mr. BOT rS presented a memorial from the peo-
ple of Pe er^bur?, Virginia, w favor of a protec-
tive tariff: leierred t > the Committee of the Whole
on the state of tne Union.
Mr. B. said he wished to offer a resolution of in-
quiry.
Objection bsing made, he moved to suspend the
rules.
Mr. ARNOLD called for ¡he yeas and nays: or-
dered.
The resolution of Mr. Botts was then read as
follows:
Resolved, That the PiesjJent of the United States be requested
to communicate to this House whether the office of Commissary
Generated" Subsistences now vacant, or filled; if vacant, why
it has not been filled, and it filled, by whom, and by what au-
thority, and whether, since the rejection of G Washington
Tyson on the 22d April las., any public money has passed
through the hands of the individual now discharging the
duties of said office, and if any, v. ha' amount and at what
time such sun  have been transmitted to said officer, and
what security the Government holds for the faithful application
of such money. Also, that he be íeqnested to communicate to
this House wliethei theomceof marshal of the middledlstnctof
Tennessee is now vacant or filled, if vacant, why it has not
been tided; and if filled, by whom, and by what authority; and
whether, since the lejecuou of Thomas Claiborne on the 9th of
M uch last, any public money has passed through the
hauls of the md,vidual now discharging the duties of satd
office, and what secutity the Government holds for the faithful
application oí such money
The question having been taken, the House re-
fused to receive ihe re«o'ution by the followirg
vo'e—yeas 52, nay; 110, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Laid iff W Andrew , Arnold, Aycngg, Bar-
ton, So.' , Bronson, Jeremnli Brown, William B Campbell,
Tno-nas I Campbell. CaiuJiets, J C CiarL, Staley N Clarke,
James Cooper, Cranston, Cravens, Everett, Ffs-enden, Fill-
mote, A L Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gogain, Howard, Hunt,
Isaac D Jones, John P Kennedy, Lane, Lewis, Linn, McKen-
nan, Samson Ma-nn, Mathtot, Menwether, Morrow, Owsley,
Ramsey, Raynei, Reding, limes M Kussell, Sunonton, Stanly,
stratum, J T Stuait Summeis, Tahafeno, Richard w.
Thu,np*on, Tolan I, Tnplett, Wallace, Edward D. White,
ChiistopherH Williams, and John Young—62
NaVS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Sher,ock J Andrews, Ather-
ton, Baker, Barnaul, B-eson, Bowue, Boyd, Brewster, Bngas,
Aatoi V Brown Milton Brown, Charles {¡town, Burke, Bur-
nell.W O Butler, Green W Caldwell,TatnckC Caldwell, J.
Cmpbeli, Casey, Ctupman, Chittenden. Clifford, Clinton,
Coles, Mark A Coopei, Cowen, Cushisg, Richard D Davie,
llu , IJastmio. JoVi C fiiwaid-, Egbert, Jonn G Floyd,
Coatíes A fioyd, FiinaniA TnnnasF Fos er, Gilmer Wil-
, l.iu O Goxic, Gu 'on, Graham, Gianstr. Guotine, Gwin,
• HabtHhaiu, Ham?, Hays, Hopkins, iiouck, Houston. Hubard,
Hods m, Chillos 7 Ingeiooll, J..nu> Imn Jack, James, Wil-
I ll no Cost Jjhnson, Cave Jilin,on, Tohn W Jr>ni , Kaim An-
d e-v Kennedy, McKay, íVlarchard, John Thomson Mason,
via news, Mattocks, Ma-cwU!, Med ill, Miller, Moms Newhard
Oliver, Osb me, Parmenter, Pandee, Pearre, Pendleton!
Plumer, Read, Reyno Js, Ridgway Kigw, Rodney, Roosevelt
Wm Russell, Saunders, Shaw, Sheppeid, Shields, Traman
Smith, Snyder, Spngg, Steenrod, Stokely, Alexander H. H.
