CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
cr the democracy of the navy; for this was not the
place to argae such a question. The true question
being, simply, one of reference—whether this bii),
with the amendments of the Senate, shall be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs His
friend from Massachusetts had moved to instruct
the committee to amend, by providing that, hereaf-
ter, apprentices may be promoted to the t ffice of
midshipmen. But an appropriation bill was not
the proper place to bring in a provision of that sort.
There was the law of 1837, and, if th<> gent.eman
chose, he cauld make an amendment to that law.
Bat they knew there were many difficulties attend-
ing an alteration of a law by an appropriation bill.
Appropriation bills hüd been construed 'o be in
force only twelve months; and, therefore, to amend
laws by appropriation bills, would lead n difficul-
ties interminable. He would suggest to the gen-
tleman to withdraw it, if not, he would move the
previous question upon it He hoped the bill would
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
they should then have the opportunity to judge
whether this thing was proper to be done, and, next,
whether this bill was the proper bill by which to do
it.    He then moved the previous qjestion.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN appealed to ihe gen-
tleman from Virgm>a to withdraw the motion for
the previous question; and not, by such a motion,
to cut off gentlemen from a reply who had been
individually attacked by------
Mr. WISE. The gentleman well knows I made
no attack.
Mr. C. BROWN.   The gentleman talked about
the children born in the sewers of Philadelphia
Mr. WISE    I did not say that.
Mr. C BROWN.   You did.
Mr. WISE    I did not.
Mr. C. BROWN. You did, and I ask only ten
minutes to show that up m its proper light
Some conversation then ensued on the effect of
the previous question, and on the proper course of
proceeding; in which Messrs CAVE JOHNSON,
EVERETT, FILLMORE, WISE, BURNELL,
the SPEAKER, and others, took part.
Mr WISE said, to remove all difficulties, he
would withdraw his motion fer the previous ques-
tion. He then moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and on that he moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was sustained by the
House, and Ibe motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.            i
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the Hou4 resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on ¡the state'
of the Union.
\
I   tut   \jifi\nit
Mr. COWEN said it would be bis duty1, to call
the attention of the House to the coaseq lences i>
the bills on the private calendar, .f this tmotitfn
should prevail. Th-re were then a l?rge Aimr/er
of bills waiting engrossment.                        !     /
The vote was then taken, but a quorum didmot
vote.                                                               /
Mr. FILLMORE cal.ed for the yeas and fi&y,
but afterwards changed u to a call for teller , who
were ordered, and Mes--r--. Black and Barton
were appointed. The tellers reported 82 in the
affirmative, and 65 m the negative, the House,
therefore, resolved itself into a C 'mmittee of 'he
Whole (Mr. McKennan in the chai ) on the bill
"to provide revenue from imports, and to change
and modify regula'ions imposing duties on imports,
and for o her purposes "
The state of the question is this Tne follow-
ing item (No 1) of the bi'I being under cons dela-
tion:
"Be it enac/pd $c , That from andafterthe30thday of Jtne
next, in lifu of the duties now ¡np sed by law on the art tes
hereinafter mentioned, and on such as may nowbepXTnot fion
duty, there shall be ¡ovied CO ¡ec ed, and paid, the fallowing lu
ties, that is to sav
'First Onwootumnanufactuicd the tali e whereof atthe las'
port or place from whence expoi ed o the United S ate1! hallen
teed eight cente per po md, sha 1 be levied a duly of thu y pet
cent ad valorem '
Mr. Saltonstall hid moved to strine out the
said item, and insert in lieu thereof a portion of
the bill repor'ed from the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
[Note —This motion embraced the whole of that bill, with
Jb$ following modifications
In the first item of the proposed amendment, the words "thlr
tieth dav of July" were substituted for the words "thirtieth day
ofJune "
And the last section, which is m the following words, was
stricken out
Sec 9 And be if further enacted. That if any person shall,
knowingly and wilfully, with intent to defraud the levenueof
the United ¡states, smuggle or clandestinely m'roduce into the
United States any goods, wares, or merrtiar tise subject to duty
bylaw, and which should have been invoiced, without paying
oraccouitmg foi the duly, or shall make out or pass, or at
tempt to pa^s, through the custom house, any false, forged or
ftaudulent invoice, every such peison, his, her, or their aiders
and abettors, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction thereof, shall be liable toa fine or impnsunment, 01
both, the fine not to exceed five thousand dolíais, or the im
pnsonment two years ]
Mr. Habersham had moved to amend the
amendment by inserting, in lieu thereof, after the
w.ords "Be it enacted," &c , ih  bill which had
heictofore been repo'ted by him from the minority
of the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. WALLACE asked the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Habersham ] who was entitled to
the floor, to give way for a mot on to poslpone the
consideration of this bil1, that they might take up
another. He was undcrstot d to designate the b 11
making appropriations for the Irdian department.
There «ere ol jections from various, parts of the
House, and the gentleman's request was not eom-
pbed with
Mr HABERSHAM commenced by a refer-
ence to the great labor he had undergone in col ect-
mg and investigating facts in order to come to a
correct understanding of the subject, and complain-
ed of the injustice of the one hour rule, which requir-
ed him to give the results of his investigations m one
hour, or to pass them over in a slight or hurried
manner. Under these circumstances, he had writ-
ten out a speech, which he b<«°ged the House would
consider as if u had been delivered, and which he
would tender to Ihe reporters, with all Us accompa-
nying drenments ard reference, for publication
[Cries of "Agreed, agreed "] Having thus dr-posed
of the speech, which he should Imve delivered h?d
he not been prevented from doing so by the rale
lately adopted, he would now proceed, in the limited
t,r"e allowed him, to address a few remarks to 'he
committee, made up from the speeches and remarks
of o her gen'lemen The most objectionable fea-
tuies which he found in this bill were the specific
duties and the principle of mínimums, upon which
Mr H entered into an argument of some length
to show the inequality and injustice ef these pro-
visions In th° course of this part of his remarks, he
quoted a report of Mr. Adhms, made at the 14
session of the 26 h Congre=s, cntawmg a powerful
argument  gam t the rrnimum principle as well as
specific dunes, tne subs anee tf wii ch was, that
they prevent íevenue, by e'clucbng tithatexeni
foreign iiiportatiors, secondly, that trey dece.ve
ihe pec pie, and, thirdly, make the man wuo ui.es
cosr*e maní factures pay a h gKer duty than thpt
paid by the r"->i who consumes the finest and co«t-
he-t articles In this bill Mr H. said that thr u i-
just principle v«s earned to a great extent on a
gopd m¿ny a¡ ¡e'es. Tor instance, on the art e'e
of su"3f On th" coarse kind of sugar, the. c-ty
woald te ore hundred per cent , while on the fi-ei,
it wou'd amojnt to about tbn v per cent On carpeis
wnieh cost comn rpt veiy ii lie, lb."1 du'y woald fie
h gher than on Turkey or injrra'ncd ciT^'mg
Mr H d preciied th  effects that wou'd be p' -
diced h> tf.i-, b ll.ril foictoldth gr°at dis ,u rao
timwiti he's i' woa'd be recei.sd thr u«nout
fV cono'ry, bv lbs si-at b~dy of v. rsjm^ra T e
best pol'cs. re ern ende i, for th s "OuP iy, v ou d
be to cM.ib'ie the trxls ES eqnlly-s po l1 
% > n-" a rl?ss«s of the CjD "in " ni hj c >-
f-wc1 tVf>r>p> dti iha "-- to</h'kiiT'n G S-
¡pp 1 o liberal p-ii pio'es \ i he sel"Li aiiJ i o
roro z   g cp nt 'uat prtv i e1 h le
M A VPEO'ÍVsV^í 3 ,o". m cfi
nti" t ot ""-oi in \' be '•'ere? ed r te o du-
uci V ( "' f nl i" -> • in either cf t*" Lil
to 'Pt'ecn the-' fit m tt e abhorrence in which he
bell th m T1 v bo'n h?a ihe obnoxious p i-pose
of veh'iig a o")enm ms rTiprit of compromise
He should however, «pe?k to but t re till, because
the o her bal be=p mirodiiped by the comtnitt"e
withoui any ¡epjri or rtcommenda ion of us p m
cip'-s
Ht thought Cor-gress should have nothing to do
with the question of increasing the duties at tie
present session, and to take it np for the purpose
of a general revisal, and the imposition of duties-
higher than 20 per cent, he held to be an act of
legislative perfidy.
He would not refer to the various parly struggles
on the tariff In etery instance, however, until
¡833, the principle cf protection had triumphed.
In 1833, the burden: became so cnerous as to
cause almost a state of revolution. The compro-
mise was passed, and tne h'gh duties brought
down. Protection had now became odious, and
many who onceadvoca'ed it, row merely expressed
themselves for a tariff for revenue, though m dis-
guise for protection.
He referred to the remarks made by Mr. Clay,
when the compromise was entered into. He re-
minded the numer us followers of Mr. Clay of the
principles then ssserted by that leader, and said he
would hold him and h>s party bound to carry them
out at this time The Senate gallery shouted when
the compromise was accepted, the country shout-
ed, and he thought e\ery man in the South might
call thp 30th of June the happiest day of his, life.
Some of the distinguished men of the country then
anticipated a failure to comply with the provisions
of the act on the part of some of the States. He
read from the speech of Gov. Joba Davis, then in
the Senate, declaring that it might not be complied
with Henry Clay replied to the objections of
Gov. Davis, and asked what man would dare to
start up and advocate a disturbance of this great
guaran'y of peace and harmony. He would not
apply the remarks of Mr Clay to any gentlemen
who had addiessed the House They might read
the remarks of their leadei, anl make the applica-
tion themselves.
He alluded to the land bill of he extra session,
ir which an amendment had been introduced in
order to get i passed. Then, the re pect showed
the compromise act was very great. No one
thought of disturb.ng it No-w, however, the party
here would not allow the compromise set to remain
in operation a single month They cried out, they
knew not how 'he compromise woald work—the
Tyler Admmis'ration wou'd godo vn under it—the
wheels of Government be stopped They now
proposed to violate their own faith, which Mr.
Clay sud no honorable man would dare to violate.
The chairman of the Comwi tlee cf Ways and
Weans had denominate 1 his bill a revenue measure.
No' so with the chairman of the Committee on
Manufactures. He was more bold, and too candid
to style his measure a revenue bill. No one could
it uo' that both bills were for the purpose of pro-
tt etion He spo'ie of the construction o' the Corn-
m ttte on "Manufactures—nearly ad of w'-ora v.ere
from ihe Nor h—but two f>om the South—and
hims'lf a'cne'rim. the preat West. He gave a
oístory of the progress of the bills between tre two
oprrmit'et-* and the Sfcretaiy of the Treasury.
The gentleman from Mas achuse ts [Mr Salton-
stall] regretied th?t ¡he House would not alliw
him to send for persono ard pfp^rs b ro"c ¡he com-
mi re. The 'pet  v«s, t''e>c vta no need of wit-
n s^e^ í'hey s -.'armed i ot"id the com.n't ee-
io m like custs—alUi the^ interested inanufac-
ta-ers Al'ht oph toe Hon«e passetl a resolution
-a', ng that the 'estimcny of interested persors
s! ould not be taktn, the coiimittee re used to take
anj D'he', aid rnñ'íe 'leir s'?íem>nts frt n the rep.
re«en'a ions of rn-n whose very bread depended
upin í ie ans i ers ¡hey gave.
He replied to the argumei', t^a', nnlcs- i' c 'arifT
w 4 ircre^sed, ihe minut-ctni s - ou d go down.
JJ-  itjouoht" v"Qi y of t""« "b > > 1 godoi,i, and
ne-rrr-iculd nw 7i <ul L -.pili" of'he strong
pit. loi f <• n '"it at ib  No h, v?r¡eh ca"sed
[ men ' n-t'- t ,!" f' y n >« inct'  v n^ v igut
>-e it ver \ m V licsc, >■"!'" > t 'esa'd to s n ab e-
pstf be c-«un"v, tl e pnce o laroi, ( r pny oib^r
e psiderVion. fien were n i of'en --a «led wih
ha d 'oil, bn a'tempted to get the >■ hv.rgb^ hand-
le aft mvpnlians. He thought there wte too -n^r-y
inventions in ih s coun ry to pa.nper 'u^u'y, and
m^kenur peop'ecrave af'ererjo}ments let thtugbt
of by th-ir fathes.
H- was not an enemy to useful man-na-tc-f s, t it
thought that, in a counTj  1 i* the Umfd S.atc,
