C(^Í|ESSI0NAL GLOp&
Bm>
Messrs. PHELPS, HENDERSON, MORÉHEÁD,
and SEVIER, on their merits, adopted.
Messrs. HENDERSON and KING spoke in
favor of striking oat the 10th section of the bill,
which proposed to provision the Indians while they
were prosecuting their claims; and Mr. MORE-
HEAD opposed it Mr. M. contended that these
Indians were in a starving condition, dependeat up-
on the charity of the citizens of Mississippi, and
deemed this section essential to keep them out of
the hands of speculators, while in the prosecution
of their claims.
The question was taken, and the section was
stricken out.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the 11th section of
the bill was amended in a particular which the re-
porter did not hear.
All the amendments having been disposed of,
and the Chair being in the act of reporting the bill
to the Senate—
Mr. HENDERSON rose, and moved to strike
out all the bill after the enacting clause, for the
purpose of inserting a bill as asubslitute, draughted
by himself.
Mr. MERRICK moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill, for the purpose of having
the amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Henderson] printed.
Mr. SEVIER opposed that motion, and demand-
ed the yeas and nays on it, which were ordered;
and the question being put, was decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 19, nays 17.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice to the Senate that he
would not, after this unnecessary postponement,
have any thing more to do with Dancing Rabbit
creek.
Mr. BERRIEN said he would now move to
take up the bill to provide further remedial justice
in the district courts of the United Stales.
Mr. KING hoped the Senator would not press
his motion to take up that bill, until the important
Mils awai'ing the action of the Senate were dis-
posed of. It was very well known that some of
the most pressing measure* of the present session
would have to be disposed of within a few days;
and, also, that if this bill is taken up, ten days at
least must be allowed for its discussion, to the post-
ponement of all other business. Would it not be
better to wait till the btlis most essential for the
immediate and pressing interests of the country are
first disposed of. If this was not done, the Senate
would be either forced to act upon this bill prema-
turely, or to neglect those bills which the actual
service of the country, and the condition of the
country, required should have immediate and undi-
vided attention. A sufficient deliberation and
discussion on this bill would preclude all action, for
the remainder of this month, on the bills which the
Senator from Maine [\3r. Evans] had evinced such
anxiety to have disposed of without further delay.
He therefore hoped the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Bekbien] would withdraw his motion, and aliow
the Senator from Maine to call up those bills
which he had in charge as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. BERRIEN was not at all disposed to enter
into discussion on a mere motion to take up a bill
for consideration. But every Senator must {eel that
if this bill is to occupy ten days mor-; in dábate, in
addition to the time which had already been be-
stowed upon it, there could be no stronger proof
given of the importance of the subjec, and of the
deep interest which must be felt in its disposal.
So tar, then, it was evident that it was a bill in it-
self of great imparlance. No inconvenience could
arise from laHtng it up; for if a bill of paramount
importance should incidentally be brought before
the Senate for consideration, that which he wished
to have on its passage could be passed over infor-
mally, or laid on the table, temporarily, until any
other, in the opinion of the Senate of more pressing
character, should be disposed of. There seemed
to be an interval now, and he merely wished to
avail himself of that opportunity for taking up the
bill, with a view of renewing Use discussion which,
on a former occasion, had been temporarily laid
over, for the purpose of allowing other business to
be advanced. The same thing could be done again,
\i accessary.
Mr. BUCHANAN bad anticipated, from what
passed on Saturday in relation to the businfss
which was to come up as the special order to-day,
that the Senator from Maine would have been
quite anxious, if not urgent, this morning, to call
up the bill in his charge, for extending, for a
limited period, the revenue under existing laws.
He seemed to think, then, that the bill was of such
importance that it ought to be disposed of to-day,
or to morrow at farthest; and ¡(certainly is of great
importance that there should be immediate action
on that bill, for the 30th of June is approaching
very fast. So pressin? was the occasion, that be
had expec>ed the Senator from Maine would have*
moved to lay aside all other business, and call up
that bill at an early hour to-day. As to the bill
under the care of the Senator from Georgia, it was,
of course, understood that he had claimed prece-
dence for it. But it was now quite manifest no
progress could be made in its discussion this even-
ing; and he knew it would not be advanced without
debate, for some of his friends were anxious to ex-
press tbetr sentiments on the subject. But who
would like to commence a speech at such a late
hour? Besides, it was not really a question impe-
riously calling (or immediate action; it would suf-
fer nothing by being i.-.id over a few days.
He confessed he was anxious to see this ■little
tariff question settled without delay. We all know
something about it. It is a question which can be
promptly decided. He hoped the Senator from
Mame would come forward, and, on this occasion,
evince his usual energy and persuasiveness in
bringing the revenue bill—as he does all bills com-
mitted to his charge—at once before the Senate
when ready for action.
Mr. EVANS admitted that on Saturday he did
express an earnest desire to call up the revenue
bill; but it was, as the Senate would recollect, un-
der a condition that the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Berrien] should not lay claim to the precedence to
which he was entitled of calling up the bill in his
charge, providing for further remedial justice in the
district courts of the United States. It was very
tru? ¡he Senator from Georgia had suffered the day
to be consumed on other subjects, ana he (Mr. E.)
had omitted to make any motion of postponement
for the purpose of asking to take up the revenue
bill; but there was an obvious reason, in the thin
attendance of Senators, and the temporary absence
of some from the ci'y. It was true that the 30th
of June was approaching very fast; but there would
still be time enough between this and the last of
the month to pass the bill, if the Sinate is so dis-
posed. He did not wish to be misan'Ierstood as to
the course he intended to pursue. Under present
circumstances, he would prefer taking up the army
bill in advance of the revenue bill, and he would
probably do that to-morrow. It wa"! a bill which,
he believed, would not call for much discussion.
He trusted it could be got through in the one day,
and that the revenue bill would be disposed of the
next day.
Mr TAPPAN did not expect that any disposi-
tion would be evinced on the other side to delay a
bill uryed upon Congress as pressingly necessary
in the present condition of the Government. It
seemed to htm thru there ,t as no little inconsistency
in the proposition now before the Senate, 'o mske
all other business give place to a bill which miM
necessarily involve a discussion upon subjects now
under diplomatic negotiation in this city. When
he recollected the opposition to 'he resolutions of
his colleague in relation to Rhode Island—an op-
position urged on the grourd of the inexpediency
of agitating in Congress a subject on the eve
of adjustment—he could not help expressing
his surprise at the ineousis'ency of not now
ac'jng tip to the fame principle. It was veiy
well " known th-.it ?. special Minister frTj
Grsat Britain was now in daily negotia'ion
trith this Government for the adjustment of all
subjects of dispute between tbi United States and
England; ,ind tbat, aroo'.g these, one of the most
irritable nature was that of the Caroline affa.r.
Vet, here was a oill pressed forward at .-uch a mo-
ment, which must, frrm the very nature of us prin-
ciples, involve animated debate, and frequent allu-
sions to that affair, in the course of which many
things must be said calculated to "embárráss Yh|
Government in the negotiation alluded to. Gooá~
policy, as far as that mat'er was concerned, anil
courtesy to the diplomatist, with whom we arjs
treating, ought to prevent any movement being
made which would bring up angry discussions i(f
relation to the Caroline affair. In this view of toe,
subject, he hoptd the Senator from Georgia would'
ask himself whether i; was proper to call up tfce
bill which is the subiect of hi* present motion.
Mr. WOODBURY observed that, in addi'ipn to
the very forcihle reasons#urged by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Tüppan] agamsf taking up the bill pro-
posed to be placed under discussion by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Berrán,] he would mention
that ithad been very currently rumored out of doors,
and seemingly from quarter? not apt to be mistaken,
that the revenue bill now in charge of the chair-
man of the Finance Committee will undergo the
most deliberate consideration of the Exscutive, be-
fore he gives it the sanction of his signature; and
this shows the great importance of disposing of it
promptly in the Senate, that the Executive may re-
turn it in time, before the 30th of this month.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the remarks of
the Senator from New Hampshire might be good,
if applied to the Finance Committee, to hasten its
report of the bill to the Senate; but should have no
influence whatever on the Senate. It was not,
therefore, applicable as an argument against his
motion, as the Senate would be the best judge of its
own aetion: and certainly the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee was lhe best judge of the propriety
of bringing forward bills for discuision committed to
hit ch'.rge, and which he had the responsibility of
placing on their passage in the order of their im-
portance.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was not so fortunate as to
be able to say that he had a clear conception of the
meaning intended to be conveyed to the Senate by
the Senator from New Hampshire, in the remarks
he had ju-t made, before the Senator from Georgia
rose. Did he understand the Senator from New
Hampshire to mean no more than could be gathered
from the words of his remarks? If so, he understood
the Senator to say that there were rumors out of
doors that the revenue bill, if passed by Congress,
would have to receive the deliberate consideration
of the Executive of the United Slates. Is that very
extraordinary? Does the Executive of the United
States usually sign bills without any deliberate con-
sideration? If he does not, there can be no argu-
ment in the Senator's remarks to urge celerity in
the passage of this revenue bill, more than there
would be iu relation to any other bill. But he would
not suppose the Senator from New Hampihire
likely to ose words the meaning of which he did not
himself think forcible in argument; and he there-
fore must believe his remarks aimed at something
beyond his expressions. Did the Senator mean to
convey to the Senate an intimation that the Execu-
tive of the United States is to veto the revenue
bill? If he did not mean this, what he did mean
would be no argument at all; for everybody
knows the Executive is bound to give all bills
passed by Coneress his  deliberate consideration.
But soraethina was, undoubtedly, meant, though
it was welt known that gentlemen were m the habit
of so veiling their meaning in a happy ambiguity,
tliat to fi ad out exactly what they do aim at is entirely
out of the question. Nothing is left for a guide, iu
such cases, but conjecture. He sbonld, therefore,
be pardoned for asking the Senator—was it a fact
that he meant to announce to the Senate nothing
more than that the Executive of the United States
would consider the- revenue bill of such import-
ance, that he should dehoerately consider it when
caikd upon to sign i.? He did not know that it
was of much consequence to press the Senator to
make any furthsr communication of what he seems
10 un'erstand, fnrfb°r than be chooses to cen-
vey. Nor, indeed, would he have dwelt so long on
the poi-.t, if there had not been a greater degree of
oracular ambiguity about the Senator's remarks
than he usually is in the hr.bi'. ot u-jsg.
With regard to whit had fallen from the Senator
from Pennsylvania, he would say that it struck
him ss not inconsistent wiih other rumors that he
had heard—that there was a sort of new-born im-
