CONCtRESSlOJfAL &LOBE.
BY BLMR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PEK SESSION.
Sr-iH Cong.........2d Sess.
FRIDAY, JUNE 24, 1842.
Vot-UME   ll'-'-No.   42.
Continued from M 41.
glad if the Senator had spared h.m; bdt he sap-
posed the Senator was so delighted at the idea Of a
chaDge m ihe Cabinet, that it would be difficult to
restrain his exultations,. Upon this ground he (Mr.
B ) fteely forgave him, and he would add the hope
that the Senator might realize all his expee ations
The question was then taken on Mi Bfr-
rien's motion to take up (he bill 'o provide further
remedial juslice in the district conns, of the United
States, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 20,
nays 17- and the bill was taken up as in committee
of the whi le.
Mr. WALKER obtained the floor, but, the hour
being late, ¡rave way for other business, which
was disposed of in a lew minutes, and then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 20, 1842.
Mr. LOWELL presented in*  petition of Jonas
Farnstvonh and other citizens of Pembroke, Mame,
pray ing for the passage of ¡he tariff bill reported
by the Committee on Manufactures; which was re-
ferred to the Committee oí Ihe Whole on the state
of the Union. Also, certain testimony in support
of the petition of John Patten, jr , owner ot schoon-
er Credit, which Was íefeiied to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. McKEON presented a petition on behalf of
the captive patriots fiom the inhabitant 3 of the
town of Charlotte, in the coan'y oí Chatauque,
in the State of New York.
Mr. PLUMES, presented the petition and ac-
companying papers oí Elizabeth Gilmore, widow of
Thos. Gilcaore, a soldier of the Revolution, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions
Mr. READ rose to present a petition; and, as it
was accompanied with a resolution oí instruction,
he wished to give a bnei statement of the cucum-
stances under which the petition was presented.
Mr. J. C. CLARK called the gentleman to or-
"der.
Mr. REA.D said, this being petition day, he was
in order.
Mr. J. C. CLARK said, if this were petition
day, still the gentleman was not in order until peti-
tions were called in order.
Mr. READ said there were peculiar circum-
stances attending the petition which he had risen to
present: it was a petition whtcn was acconiDamed
by a resolution directing the Committep on Ac-
counts to pay to the widow and children of his pre-
decessor the pay to which he would have been en-
titled if he had been in attendance in Congress
until the 17th day of March, and, as it was accom-
panied by a motion of instruction, it did not come
under the general rule.
Mr. CÜSHING suggested that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania should make it a resolution ot
inquiry, and thereby tie would obviate the difficult).
Mr. READ went on to explain the circumstance-,
oí the case. Hrs predecessor (Mr. Dmo-i) cam"
here at the extra sess on, so far as was known, m
perfect health; and, while heie attending to his
dune , b> contracted an il'ness vh eh wn, so severe
that he was 'uojtcted to ti e dai'y ?pphcat cu of a
hot b«th, into which it w s neces.^ry i'i'" he
shou'd be lifted by tw > or m-c< men H  (Mr
Rlad) men toned this to show the great op-nsp t >
which his predecessor was put Mr Dimock ^o
far recovecxd as to enable I ím to get home, vhere,
for a few days, he was sb'e to Talk abou1, but he
agai'i become s ck, r qiunn  thesR>n> aiMaa eas
before, and he iemainp'1 in a state of suff ring un-
til the 13'h of January, vvtrn he died, a .u h- great
expense to which he had been put had very Mu"h
embarrassed hi* pecui wry circumstances
His colleague irom the Luzerne district some
time since presented a l^ifer on this sabject to the
Committee on Accounts, and thai commi'tee, with
out deciding  against the claim, ¡ejected it, tolely
on ihe ground that the committee had no power ¡0
award the amount asked, wnhout authority from
the House; and hence this petition was presented
to the House, signed fey from 80 to 90 persons,
praying that the widow and children should be paid
'up to the 17th March, being the day before that on
which he (Mr. Rbad) took his seat there as the
successor of Mr Dnnock, who contracted the dis-
ease ot which he died while attending to his pub-
lic duties If this was deemed unreasonable, then
the motion would be to pay until the day of his
death—the 13 h January. He hoped, howevei,
the original motion wou'd be agreed to, and that
the amiable lamily left by the deceased would be
paid the poor pittance now a^ked
Mr. FILLMORE moved so to amend as to
change the resolution to ene of inquiry into the
expediency of paying the amount asked.
Mr.MARCHAND, chairman of the Committee
on Accounts, made some explanation, which was,
not distinctly heard at the reporter's desk, but he
was understood to state that this case had been
before the Commitiee on Accounts, and, as Mr.
Dimock had not left his home to attend the present
session, the committee had not ihe power to allow
the claim If he had only started one day, the
claim rould have teen allowed; but as the deceas-
ed had not b"en able to leave his home at all, the
committee requited authority from the Hou«e to
award Ihe pay
Mr BIDLACK hoped the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fillmorf] would withdraw his amend-
ment, fi r, from the siatement of the chairman of
the Committee on Accounts, they had not power,
according to a strict construction of the Constitu-
tion, to grant the claim without authority from the
House.
Mr. GRANGER said, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania would change his resolution to one
of inquiry into the expediency of paying the family
of the deceased hi  pay up to the day of his death,
he (Mr Granger) would not interpose any objec-
tions. He then made the motion which he had
suggested to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ARNOLD said, as they were about to estab-
lish a new pnnciple, he should call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BRIQGS thought they had better have the
reporto! a committee upon the subject, oefore they
attempted to act upon 1'.
After a few words from Messrs. JAMES, READ,
STANLY, and others,
Mr. Granger's amendment was adopted, and in
that form the rerolution was passed.
The SPEAKER presented a memorial from the
guard of marine of the exploring expedition, asking
for pay for the time they have been kept in the ser-
vice beyond the term' of their enlistment; the me-
morial was refeired to ihe Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr KING of Georgia presented a petition liom
inhabitants of Alexandria, which was understood
to pny for their letrocessi >n 10 tne State of Vir-
ginia, that Ihey may exerci«e t1 e elective franchise,
fit moved its refrene;: to < select committee.
Mr FILLMOr E objec ed to a -pecial commit
lei, a id biiscesti d   the  re'erence to the Commitiee
for the Di'-'nct 0' Columbia
Mr AD IMS spov at 'oae !en™ih oí ts  sub-
j <!, but 1' wa.  only occasti.il'y that rny of his
í bsfivaMons could be 'uaid. He va^-, however,
understood t" call th1' allent'tn of the House to
tie import  ie ot th" pen iop, which he considered
to amount to n petition f, r a dissolutioi of ih"
Upioi,and he =ai1, if 1 became he subject of de
b-"e, he hould move ihp removal if tl seat of
Goy-rom^t.' H"1 SP ke of the purposes with
which tb, Dis'net svs reded to the General Gov
crnment,  id he h"d ro doubt that it thi« House
«.hould underlike to cio ¡ha for Tbicb the petition-
ers prayed, a disso'ution of the Union wou'd ens^e
lie pop-d, ibeietorr, tU memorial would be re-
ceived With respect, and referred to a committee of
n
one member from each Slate ot the Unie ; for it
was a question m which every S ate of the Union
was infinitely more interested (han the District of
Columbia itself.
Mr KING replied He said he was surprised
that the honorable and learned gentleman froms
Massachusetts should feel so much alarm because
the people of this Disti ict asked to have their rights
considered bv a select committee. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts bal not made the motion
to refer the petrion to one member trom each;
State, he (Mr K ) would make that motion be'ore
he sat down He trren proceeded to ret'/to the
gentleman from Mas-aehu etts, on the qarsiion of
the absolute jurisdictit n oí Congres, over ¡hs Dis-
trict of Columbia. He contenaed thai Congress
had no more jurisdiction, by the terms of ihe Con-
stitution, than was possessed over the ports, arse-
nals, navy-yards, &c, which were ceded to the
General Government by the States for such pur-
poses; and yet the persons resident in the port.ODS
of the Slates which bad been ceded foi fort^, arse-
nals, and navyyards, exercisad the elective fran-
chise.
After some other observations, he moved to re-
fer the petition to such a committee as he had de-
signated
Mr CAVE JOHNSON and Mr OLIVER si-
multaneously rnoyed to lay the whole subject on.
the table
Mr. OLIVER moved to lay the petition on the
jable, on the ground that it raised the question of
lunsdiction of Congress over the District, impugn-
tng the right of the State? of Virginia and Mary-
land to cede the jurisdiction; and Congress could
not consider that subject, without having the memo-
rial primed.
The motion was agreed to, and the petition was
laid on the table.
Mr. STUART of Illinois asked leave to ,niro-
duce a bill making appropriations for ceiiam har-
bors and the improvement of certain rivers for the
year 1842
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, and others, obj-rtecT.
Mr. STUART moved to suspend the ru es ,o en-
able him to get m the bill, but ihe motion was
negatived.
Mr. ADAMS, by the genersl consent of the
House, offered the following esolution, wmoi was
considered and adopted
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to*
repoi t to this House, as soon as may be piacacatde alu r the
first day of July next, the amount pail or citdited lo eir-hof
the several States of this Union from the proceeds of the sties at
the public lands, also the amount retained to payment of prm
cipal or mteiest of debts due from the Slates to the l i tte Í
States, and the amount of debt due from each ot the lndehteii
States to the United States
THE TARIFF.
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee ot the''Who'e oj/ the
state of the Union, (Mr. McKenitan ot Pennsyl-
vania m the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the bill "to provide revenue from lmps/ris, and
to change and modify existing regujatiojjs impos-
ing; duties on imports, and for other fAimfLe*. "
When the Hou*e adjourned on §4urday last,
the stale ot the question was this: 'fie following
nem of ihe bill beir-g under consiieration:
"Be it enacted $r , Tint from andaftei tin. 30th dav of June
next, in Ifu of the duties now imp *cd by lav, on the art cles
hereinafter mentioned and on sitt,har may now be exempt trom
duty, Uteie shall be levied, col ec ed, and [ aid, the followingHu-
ues, that is to sav
'Fust On wojI unmanufactured the value whereof at the last
pott 01 pl«ce fiom whence c-ipot ted to the United S aits shall ex-
> eed eight cents per pound, shall be levied a du>y of ihmy pet
ctnt ad Ytlorem '
Mr Saltonstaxx hsd moved *o «tnke out the
saiditem, end insert in 'ici thereof a portion of
the bill replied irom the Ct mm.ttee on Manufac-
tures
(Note —This moti m embraced the whole of that tn 1, with,
the following modifications
In ihe first item of the proposed an entlment the vroid  "'hif
tieth day of July" were subsutu ed lor the v. in OS ' i nticlh «
of June."
