€58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi the last section, which is in the following woids, was
atnctenout                                                          -
Sec 9 ¿ad be it further enacted, That if any person shall,
inowm°!y and wilfully, with intent to defraud the revenue of
the United States, smuggle, or clandestinely introduce into the
United States, any go ids, wares, or merchandise subject to duty
by law, and which should have been invoiced, without paying
or accounting for the duty, or shall make out or pass, 01 at
tempt t > pa s, through the custom house, any false, forged, or
fraudulent mvoue, every such person, his, her, or their aiders
and abettors, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction theicof, shall be liable to a fine or imprisonment, 01
boih, the fine not to exceed five thousand dollars, or the im
pnsoament two years ]
Mr. Habersham had moved to amend the
amendment by lnseriing, in lien thereof, after the
'words "Be it enacted," &c, the bill which had
heretofore been repot ted-by htm from the minority
of the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. RANDOLPH of New Jersey, who was en-
titled to the floor, addressed ¿he committee, up to
the expiration of his hour, m support of the
amendment ot Mr Salstonstall He first com-
menced with a reply to the remarks of Mr. A. V.
Brown of Tennessee, justifying the Committee on
Manufactures for the description of tes'imony taken
by them. He next went on to defend the policy of
distributing the proceeds of the public lands, avow-
ing his determination to vote for the repeal of the
twenty per cent, c ause of the distribution bill
After a brief reply to Mr. Habersham, in which he
argued in favor of specific duties, and contended
that they were the best mode of preventing fraud,
as well as of collecting revenue, he went into an elab-
orate argument m favor of the policy of protec
turn to domestic manufactures, which, he argued,
was not so much for the benefit of the manufac-
turer  as of the laboring man, and, indeed, of all
classes of the community.
Mr. HUNT next obtained the floor. Having
be«n on the Committee on Manufactures, and hav-
ing considered (be subject, although he had abund-
ance of time lo ptepare for a long speech, yet he
had not lime to prepare for a shmt speech or one
hour. In considering the subject, he had taken oc-
casion to s.ay to gentlemen that ihey were wrang-
ling about wordi, instead of things Many were
talking about protection he imagined the true
point at issue wa>¡, whether this country would, by
counter-tegi latiott, protect its own labor from the
regulations adopted in other countries? He asked
gejitlemcn, as patriots, tocóme up and aid him in
settling the detail*, of a bill that would counteract
the influence of foreign Governments In alluding
to the apprehensions which had been expressed lest
the manufacturers would require a degree of pro-
tection which the South would not tolerate, he
thought the condition oí the revenue, and the neces-
sity of this measure as one for revenue only, were
issues in which the constitutionality ol protection
was essentially merged.
He spoke of the amount required lo carry on the
GovernmeM. It had been estimated variously
None would «tart up, however, and say that the
Government could do without, at lea*t, twenty-
seven million's Where was ibis an-ount ¡o come
from? Thtie were four sources from which an m-
eomr could be derived—-direct taxation, excises,
the public lands, and customs. With regard to the
first two, he said no legislator would think of im-
posing either m time of peace. Public opinion
would not tolerate either. As to ihe public lands
he woo id pass thalsubj^c' over, in consideration of
its extent and the shortness of Ins nine. He next
came to the fourth mode oí raising revenue, to wit,
by customs, and bfgged gent'emen lo aid him in
devising a oían or settled system
He hi d heard many propositions for retrench-
ment of ¡he expenses of the Government, Ihe cut-
ting do vn o1" the army and navy, &c He held,
however, tnat tuese propositions were impractica-
ble; and that neUbei the army nor the navy coula
be reJu^ed Taking this fact, and regarding the
average impor'at on at 94 a >ln ns a year—which
was the ca e from 1834 to 1840—he ihought it
would be impossible to do witLoir a higher rale of
duties than wasproposed m oik of th- bill Con
sidermg our orospecti, ahead, he feared le t the
importations hereafter would not zverage 94 mil-
lions. It was, p'ain that higher duties must be im-
P ea;&ttd he w h/>d them put on so as to diserim
\y*s  fa,vor of ow manufactures.   He wished a
permanent system, free from log rolling or political
considerations. Let the manufacturers know what
they had to depend upon for ten years, and he pre-
dicted great results from Yankee ingenuity.
Not only did he believe that Congress had the
constitutional power, but he held it to be their duty,
to protect Aoier.can labor ftom the hostile enact-
ments of foreign Governments. He referred to a
letter from Mr Jefferson, when that philosopher
(for, said Mr. H , he was not a statesman) was m
his old age, and free from passions, m which an
opinion was expressed favorable to American
manufactures as being as "necessary to preserve
our independence as our comfort." This letter
was wrntea in 1816, and he thought it should have
weight with at least a pinion of the House.
The amount of capital invested in manufacto-
ries was $300 000 000, and the number oí persons
employed 731 000. According to the census and
the calculations he had made, thirty-four millions
of dollars were invested in sheep, one-fifth of which
belonged to New York The wool was now of the
best kind, the coarser kind having disappeared
from the country. Was this great interest worthy
of proteciion? He would not say ihat it was; but
he begged that the legislation of Congress might
not be so shaped as to effect its nun He referred
to the ce'ebrated Meihuen treaty between Englaud
and Portugal, by which Portugal was to receive
the woollens of England free, whilst# England re-
ceived the wines of Portugal at less duty than the
French, In other respects, the tre&ty had opeiated
unequally, and had brought down the pride and
the wealth of the house of Braganza He de-
scribed the condition of that country since, and tne
numerous exactions pad to England He also
refened to the condition of France, and contended
that the most judicious results had grown out of
the protection of the home arts by her monarch
England, too, had derived the greatest advan-
tage irom the protecii'/e system He challenged
gentlemen to point oi't a single Ban h sta'esman,
Whig orToiy, who had practically advocated free
trade He quoted from the speech of Peel on the
23d of April, in which that minister expressed him-
self favorable to protective dunes, a'though ad-
mitting that, in the abstract, it would seem bette* to
buy in the cheaper and sell in the dealer market
Mi. Robinson, anothei member of P?rliament,
aho declared that it was idle to think of free trade
Next, having alluded to other countries, he came
to our own He spoke of Ihe injurious tendency
of ihe Jaige importation'? ot s Iks, which he thought
the wives and daughters of the land might have bet-
terdone without Heexhibited tbeamountof imports
and exports from the United Sla'es to England,
France, and Holland—showing a large dispropor-
tion against us which had been paid in specie A
large amount of specie h td been paid for sour
French wmes not fit for any man to drinn Con-
sidering th-se circumstances, it was not surprising
that we were in debt, and he ti ought we never
would be out until we weieprepaied to make our
own fabrics. The tariff of 1816 wps foic--d on ihe
North It wis a measuie ot the South In 1822,
the first factory was erected at Lo > ell, where so
many millions were now invested, and so many
thousand operatives support  d What had been
the history of the subject since? Up to 1841-~[here
Ine Chairman knocked the table with his ivory
hammer, and Mr H had lo conclude ]
Mr VAN BUREN spoke m opposition to a
hi'h 'anii for protection He commenced by ob-
serving that the subject vas an unpleasant one,
«.nether t..ey locked at it as a tariff for revenue or
a tariff lor piotsction, or in reference to its bearings
on the pi ,icy and operations of this Government
with regard to Ihe diversified interests oí the co ">-
try,—it wa«so important tha* no menber of that
committee won d aopi-acb. n withc-jf due del b ra
tion He then reviewed the pre! rm-ig-y disci* wui
in the House, at an early ptnod of the <-e uon, on
the question of reference of so much of he Pr<. <-
dun's message --. íelate- to this subjec*, ?nJ men-
tioned the fact, Ihat though, on that occasion, after
the struggle between the two parties—one of which
sought ibe reference of the message to the Commu-
te  on Manufactures, with a view of protection;
and the other sought to refer it to the Committee of
Ways and Means, fcr the purposes of revenue—
¡he House re'erred thesubject to the Commitiee on
Manufactures, the Commuiee of Ways and Means
had considered the subject, and reported a bill
more prot^c ive than the biU of the Committee on
Manufactures itself. He then alluded to the differ-
ences which exis ed, even amongst those who were
in favor of protection, as to the articles oa which
the duties sbeuld be levied; and proceeded to show
that the protectionists had nought to produce the ne-
cessity for a high tariff, and to this purpose all Ihe
measuies of the extra session tended. He believed
there would bs found no one of that committee op-
posed to such duties as would be sufficient for a
prudent and economical administration of the Gov-
ernment, but there were many opposed to extrava-
gant expenditures, such as they had witnessed, for
ihe purpose of affording an argument for high
da tie .
He believed it was not then in order, but when
the proper time arrived, he should move to strike
out from ¡he bill the proviso to the 4tb section,
which preserves ¡he land distribution act from ob-
struction or repeal.   He said he beheved he could
vouch for the Democracy on ihat floor, that if the
land revenues were restored to (he Government, to
whicn ihey belongeu, they would be willing to vote
for such a tariff as would be necessary for the
economical purposes of the Gover íment.   On the
success of the distribution Dill, he believed ihe suc-
cess of all the other pleasures of the extra session
were made to depend, and they were all links of
one <neat chain of pobcy, which was intended to
consolidate the power of this Government, and
break down not only State rights, but State lines.
The apportionment bill just passed was of the same
class, bat it ex'enaed i s operations still further, and
broke dow i not only county lines, but those of town-
ships also.   ¡Sevpi-'l members, if he had understood
thf m ari'ht, were induced to v^te for the distribu-
tion law for the reason, that it conta ned a proviso to
render it inoperative ¡f the tantf should be found
to break in upon the cmpromise aet of 1833   He
(Mr Van Bbrsh) claimed, th refore, that ihe pro-
viso cf the nies^nt tariff bill, to which he had
alluded, shoald be stricken out; he claimed it m the
name of that legislative faith  which was pledged
at the extra session.   Some gentlemen might not
feci bound by the at ts of prior Houses, but they
surely should pay deference and respect'o their
own acts.   This clause ought not to remain, for
the turthsr reason—■ hat the land fund was necessa-
ry to the General Government, to enable it to pay
its deb's, and meet i s liabilities under which it now
lab ired    Tney all must doubtless remember the
glomng terms in which distribution was advocated
in thai Housí, ihey were 'old that i wiuld enable
the States *o m et th-ir most pre sing liabilities,
and relieve them from ihe difficulties under which
taey suffered     But what had been the consequence
of teaching the Slates to rely on others rather than
on themccives and tneir own exertions 1   Wiry, re-
pudiat on—and repudiation of toe worst sort—the
repudiation of inabiim     T.ie S'atc of New York,
whose high minded citizens he in part represented,
however, had entered upon a new. era, with them,
the time of payment had commenced, they had ar-
res'ed the expenditures, which nad pi o ved ruinous
to the credit of ¡he State, .hey had h«d me courage
to laj a direct tax to raise rufficier t revenu°; and, as a
con-equrnee, tne credit of the State, whicn, during
the penod of extravagance and of borrowing, was at
20 or 25 per cent   dis;ount, was now at its par
value.   Soca   was Ihe result  of the change   of
policy.
The proceeds of the public land's ought to be re-
s'oied to the General Government, also, because
ihey pre requited for na'ional purposes—for the
navy—tur tne puipo-,e of building arsenals and
purchasing mut> i-ons, ot <vir, for, in trtoe of peace,
i   they w-re laugh' to prepare for var.
He u fa explained, .n in nute detail, the doctrines
of the -dvocates of a ranff, did its operation in the
prt luction of reven-ie or protection of the home
manuiacturer. He also po nted out the injustice of
a high tariff to the otie$ diversified interests of the
country, and to it* commerce generally; and added,
that, it the tariff should be prohibitory, revenue
would cease, and the only legitimate object of tax-
