CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
ation would be frustrated He went through a
Mass of statistics to show how various inteiests
wou'd be affected; and concluded by observing that,
if the trammels and r°stnctio s which hau been
imposed by legislation for the benefit of the few, at
the expense of thp many, were femoved, trade
would regulate itself. This, especially, should be
the policy of a Government wmch professed to give
equal protecttoa to all, and exclusive puvilegos to
none. They were called upon to raise upa dowa-
failen people—to rebuscaste the business of the
Country—to restore its t nances—to give to the peo-
ple a sound currency, and to bring back the pros-
perity of this great and glorious Union. Tne coun-
try was in a state of profound peace; it possessed
all the elements ef prosperity arid of national great-
ness; and yet, singular as it might be, they had a
bankrupt treasury, and a Government without
credit; tor, like a spendthrift, they had squandered
their possessions True, they had ha<l too much
fictitious capital: and to this, much of the existing
evil might be traced. Let, then, the currency be
reduced toa hard-money basis. Let their currency
be known for its goodness, and manufactures would
flourish.
[The honorable gentleman was here cut off hy
the expiration of his allotted hour ]
Mr BROCK WAY next took the floor, and ad-
dressed the committee at length in favor of the pro-
tective policy, in which the State he represented
had so deep an interest In order to show t'.,e deep
stake which his constituents had in this question,
he said that the -tate (f C mnecticut had a capi.al
invested in manufactures of upwards of thirteen
millions of dollars, emplojing twenty thousand per-
sons, and the district from which he came had
three millions invested in ¡h<? same way The
amount in the aggregate of capí al, bkil!, and m
dustry, that was employed in manufactures by his
State, was sufficient to cause her to speak out and
be heard on the subject. Mr B further said that
sixte-tt millions of dolían worth of goods were an-
nually produced in bis State. Mr. B stated that
the protective policy did not originate in New Eng.
land. It was forced on her by the acts of th s
Government; and he glanced at the long course of
legislation which had induced so many m the
North_ and East to invest capital in manufactures,
and which, he said, gave tbem certain vested rights,
by pledging the faith of the Government for their
protection. Mr. B then continued his argument
up to the expiration of his hour, to show the con-
stitutionality and expediency of protection to do-
mes ic manufactures
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana obtained the floor.
Mr. BLAC& moved that tne committee rise.
Mr. GAMBLE hoped it would, as he wished a
Georgia claim taken up.
Tie question on the mo'nn that the committee
rise was taken, and decided in the negative (Ten
minutes past ihree.)
Mr. THOMPSON of indiana then proceeded.
He regretted the coarse which the debate had
talren. He was sorry the question had not been
discussed without ref*renc° tj party considerations.
There was a time when great America"! interests
were looked to, without regard to party. That
time, he regretied, was now p?st.
A large party in this country were opposed to a
protective tariff. He felt proud o be in its favor,
' and referred to tr e history of the tariffs and pro-
hibitions of o'her Govrnmen's, which ope'atr so
injuriously on our productions or msnuOctur s.
One of the chtei reasons for a lo >ti g I1 e <■ fil-
iation was that -he Fecal «over .men might
hwe power to pro'eet the ftutr, 1 «teres . oHl i
coun'ry Mr Ma.'isor r W. ea < d 'he Co -r tnnon
on that ground, and 0..J V a m  >«"<>p ** ' P  '•>
because it P«e -he m-o../ t. iruer ,,-
Uve proüction. He <a\ <> ^J1,1 V\ v
resolutions oí Mr M.<... a "93 *'. «hi
termed the germe o> h- nrot ft ,<■ ,y«te ; 1 e
«peeehei of Mad ^ aud S.n< h  e e ,ev lo Mr
Jeffe-son at Moit.ce' o, and h  repli d •   '•¡'¿■J
uhich took ground agaiint nee hide and m favor
of protection.                               ,   _,    ,        „„„
He referred to the treaty with Englanj, con
eluded by Mr. Jay Tnts was the neares tap
proacb ever made to free trade, and the jacobimcal
democratic clubo all over the country burnt
him in effiiy, on account of the abhorrence
in which they held the provisicssof the treaty.
Matter.  went on until ihe whole question was
merged into that of the propriety of a protec
uve tariff The tariff of 1816 wa- parsed with-
out opposition; aid it was not until long after", that
a politician of Virginia, now no more, discovered
that it was protective, and Congress had no power
to pass such a tariff He replied to the remarks of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. A.V Brown ]
who called the tariff of 1816 a protective tariff
He referred to the opinions of G-aeral Jackson
and Marun Van Buren, the head and front of the
Democratic party, who once advocated an old-
fashioned Yankee pio'ective tanff.
He spoke of the arguments adduced, that it
would be bad faith to raise the duties, in violation
of the compromise act, and contended that protec-
tion was contemplated, even b? tha' act. It was
utterly fu'ile to contend that this law was binding.
He held it to be no more binding than the bank-
rupt law, or anv other law of Congress. No legis-
lamre had a right to bind its successors for eight or
ten years. He quoted from speeches made on the
occasion of the introduction of the compromise,
and went a' large into its intent and meaning.
Mr. T. concluded at the end of his hour; having,
m ihe course of his remarks, en ered into a com-
parison between the policy pursued by America
and England, and an examination of the effect of
a tariff on the various interests in this country.
Mr. COWEN next obtained the floor, and, by
his consent—
Mr WELLER moved that the committee rise
The committee then rose, and reponed pro-
gress           •
Mr J R INGERSOLL offered a resolution,
v.h ch was adopted, authorizing the Attorney Gen-
eral to employ a temporary clerk
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE
Tuesday, June 21, 1842.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Whiteside county, Illinois, pray-
ing for a post-route from Peona to Pulton city;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse repoits on the petitions of Hannah
Bartlett and Thomas Gtuantrill, whicn were or-
dered to be printed
Mr SMITH of Ind ,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which had been referred the petition of
A R McNair and Charles WoHey, (praying that
mone>s paid the Government for land may be re-
funded th<m,) and many similar cases, reported a
general bill in relation to lands heretofore --old at
the land office in the Greensburg, (late St. Helena)
distr ct, Louisiana, authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to refund ihe purchase money m
cases where a patent cannot justly issue, owing to
the imperfect and erroneous character of the pub-
lic surveys, or conflicting private claims growing
out of the Spanish and French grants; and also
authorizing the President of the Oiiited States to
rau-se the surrendered lands to be resurveyed in
that district, if he shall deeii it expedient
Mr TALLVÍADGE p'escnted a memorial from
th" city ot Bufia i, ptaymg tha'such du ie> may
be imoosed on .oieito. iiipjrto it. will afford am
pie rev "ue for tbt support of l*uve.nme .', ¡)"d
g ve profcini to domestic ma ufacture , al o
pr-svirg th*t Corares, will p*«¡s he cu r^roy cill ■
tie fi'st brpnet  > a^ eitrred to lh>- C mmi1 ee on
Manp aclui's, a i 1* --ecipd o-de ea lo tuonthe
able
Mr B \G3Y, fror^ th" Selec C imtiin e? on tre
ppr> <~n of ,"■-.". > J( e . made an pdver^e 'epon,
which w? or eied o )t= on the table, and bi
pr nted
Mr PRE2T0N, fronr the Committee on Mil -
•ary Affau-., to ,h >>h hid oeen retened i e it o-
Í mon fiom the Ccmmil ee o.) Finante, p.opc-.ng
to inquire into the expediency of reducing the army
to 'hi scale proposed m the p'ovtso to the Sr^t sec-
tion of the army appiopnation mil of the House,
I and also into the expediency of regulating ihe p¿y
of the general staff in the manner therein proposed,
and to regulate the allowance of rations to com-
mandingofficers of separate posts, as provided m
the proviso No 2 of 21 section of said act—report-
ed a bill respecting the organization of the army,
and for other purposes; which was read, and or-
dered to a second readirg.
The report accompanying the bill was read. It
states that the proviso in the 1st section of the bill
from the House, which has been referred to the
committee, proposec—1st, to disband tne Sd regi-
ment of dragoons; 2d, to reduce the artillery
companies from seventy-one to fifty-five; and, 3d,
the infantry companies from ninety to fifty-one;
making, in the aggregate, a redaction of 4,475 for
the present establishment of non-commissioned
officers, musicians^ and artificers and privates,
amounting to 11,804—leaving a force, on paper, of
7,329, which it would be exceedingly difficult to
keep up by enlistment to 6,000.
Ihe commutee [on Military Affairs] propose a
different and less extensive plan of reduction 
which, in their judgment, will leave the army id a.
much more effective condition, and at very little
more cost, than the plan suggested by the House
bill.
In regard to the 2d regiment dragoons, theeom-
miitre propose to continue it, with this diminution
of actual expense, and a reduction of the privates
in each company of both regiments to fifty, in-
stead of the present number, seventy-one.
It is also proposed to reduce each company of
artillery and infantry to fifty; suffering the non-
commissioned siaff of regiments, and the other en-
lis'ed men of companies, sergeants, corporals, mu-
s cians, farriers in the dragoons, and artificers l 
the artillery, to remain as at present.
This arrangement gives 60 non-commissioned
officers, musician?, and privates, to each company
of infantry, 61, including a farrier, to each com-
pany of dragoons; and 63, including artificers, to
each company of artillery. By this plan, the fol-
lowing reduction will be made:
In the twenty companies of dragoons - 200
In the forty compañías of artillery            -       320
In the eighty companies of infantry         -    2,400¡
2 920
Leaving the strength of the army 8,884 enlisted
men, instead of 7,329, a* proposed by Hoas  bill:
making a difference of 1,555 An army oi 8 884,
on paper, will give an effective forca m ihe fi; Id,
on an average, of about 7,000. And this is less
than the standing force established in 1808, in Mr.
Jefferson's administration, and the mínimum neces-
sary, in the opinion of ihe committee, for the early
demands of the service.
The committee come to the cncltmon that the
subject of the pay of ihe staff shall be postponed
until the next session of Congress, for the purpose
of procuring from the department a full report
upon the organizaron and pay ef the staff. In the
mean lime the committee propose the abolition of
the office of Commissary General of Purchases,
and the superintendent of armories.
In regard to the allowance of additional rations
under certain circumstances, the committed enter-
tain no doubt of its propriety, and propose to con-
tinue them.
The report wa* ordered to be puntea.
THE RHODE ISLAND DIFFICULTIES,
Mr ALLE\ . sked he Senate u> take up the
re olution sui1 m ed by him some t me ago, call-
lBg upon th- P.ebid^¡.< rf he United S ates for in.
f irrts ui( n on t«e subject of the difficulties m Rnode
Island, and h w fa. he h<id interfered by 'he power
A it.' Na'ional Govenmufl ; and the aratndment
ineieo, sn^oiMrd by Mr. TíllmaDsk, asserting
ih« p >wers and dunes of th  President, touching
, smec't nan mover  ems it. the States, and ap.
piovma tht c< ui-ae o< .he President w th reference
to he difV'iljfs m R ode Island
Mr A merely wisnci tríese leso'utio^s, to be
taken up, i-r the purpose of making it a specta1
order for some day next week.
Objection being made, Mr. ALLEX ueti&nded
the yeas and najs  on the mo'ion, which were
