CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ordered; and, the question being put, was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 21, nays 15, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs Allen, Aieher, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Choate, Crafts, Fulton, King, McRoberts, Merirck, Preston,
toevier, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox,
Woodbmy, Wught,and Young-—21.
NAYS—Messrs Bates, Berne , Clayton, Conrad, Critten-
den, Cuthbert, Evans, Hendersen, Huntington, Kerr, M angum,
Morehead, Smith of Indiana, White, and Woodbndge—15
Mr. ALLEN now moved to make the resolution
the special order for Wednesday week.
Mr. MERRICK suggested Monday week, which
was accepted by the mover; and the question being
put, the resolutions were postponed till Monday
week, and made a«pecial order for that day.
Mr. WRIGHT asked the Senate to take up the
resolution submitted by him on Friday last, provi-
ding for a daily recess, and confining the action of
the Senate to b Us of a public character during the
morning session, and to bills of a private nature
in ihe afternoon session.
The question was put, and the motion was disa-
greed to.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Conhad on
Tuesday last was taken up, and read as follows.
"BesoiiKsd, That the President be requested to communicate
io the Senate, so far as he may deem it compatible with the
¡public interest, what measures, if any, have been taken toob
«am the recognition, by the Mexican Government, of such
«Jaimsoi" American citizens as were laid before the late joint
•commission, but were not acted upon by it, and the satisfaction
■of such claims as were admitted by saw commission, also,
whether any facia havo come to his knowledge, calculated to
induce a belief that any claims have been rejected m conse
quenceof the evidence thereof having been withheld by the
Mexican Government, its officers or agents "
Mr. CONRAD, after speaking of the objects
and the necessity for the passage of the resolution,
said, when the resolution was last up, the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. King] was of the impression
that the call was unnecessary, inasmuch as the
information had been already called for on a reso-
lution passed at his instance. He believed that
that honorable Senator was now satisfied that he
misapprehended the purport of this resolution He
begged leave to amend the resolution, by inserting
the word "finally" after the word "acted," so as to
read "claims not finally acted upon."
Mr. KING had no objection to the resolution as
modified. He had misunderstood its purport when
it was presented.
The resolution, as modified, was then adopted
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reponed Back, with amendments, House
bill entitled "An act 10 regulate arrests on mesne
ptocess in the county of Washington, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia," which were read
Several adverse reports from standing commit-
tees on private claims, were taken up and concur-
red in.
Mr. McROBERTS gave notice that, when the
bill ot the Senate (181) "to provide for further
remedial justice in the courts of the United States,"
came up for consideration, it was his intention to
move to amend it with two additional sections, to
restrain, withm prescribed limits, the power of the
President in calling out the army or milttta for the
purpose oí suppressing obstructions, or alleged
tbitructions, to the laws of individual States. His
object in introducing ihe amendment now, was to
have it primed, by the time the bill was. taken up.
The proposed amendment was read as follows
foec 2 Ayidbi it further tnacted, Tint ttit poweis confei
led upon the Pi iduUof ihe United biitt« f>y flif iu to pro
vií\ lor ciUint, Hilh the militia to u\ecuf ¡In laws oí the
Uritnn, ^upprtbs inspections, ind lepel mvt&ions, appiovtl
Feb uary 2S 179.', or by the act authori'ing the employment
oí (ho land md nival foiresol tlie Umtid Mates, in otaes ol in
suntctnis -xppiov d March 3,1807, shall not be exeici&ed by
himhueiftu *br the pmpose of suppieasing obsti uction^, oi
<tlleneii b ti actions lo the laws of an individual State, or ol
domestic violence tiieiem, except during the recess of Congies=>,
in i then only in case of actual foice, and tttat at the fust ses
sum i! ei the exeicise of such povvei by him, he shall lay be
luieConjies^a*"ifi and detailed statement of the facts and in-
formation up m which he acted, togethr-i with copies of all com
munication  r^ceiv d and all oi lers issued by him, or under
his direction  touching the pi emires
Sec S And bf it fi'rl/m enacted, That in ill cases where
application «halt be mide to the Piesident wlit-n Cotigies* shall
be m session, bylhef xecuuve oi I egislstlire of a State, for the
intorpowiou ot the au'tnnties of the V iihI -laiei to nj presa
obstruction ,fra!lt.*ed obstruction*, to the hw^of i ^ute oi
domestic violence therein, the Piesident of the United «lates,
ret the time be ng, shall forthwith lay beftre Congress such ap
pacauon, and Ul the evidence or other communications touch
™8J * (oe,fot the action of Congiess thereon
*^p CHAIR said the amendment could not be
«serven a^w^ except by general consent.
Mr. BERRIEN had no objection to the intro-
duction of the amendment, for the purpose of
having it printed, but when the bi'l came up, he
would show that it was entirely irrelevant to the
bill, and would be out of'order.
Mr. MERRICK "¡atd it was incongruous to the
bill, and it should not, therefore, be received at all.
The CHAIR said it could xinly be admitted now
by general consent
Mr. McROBERTS said he would, far the pres-
ent, withdraw it, and move it again when the bill
was before the Senate.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Joseph Mornss was taken up, as in
committee of the whole; and there being no mo-
tion to amend, it was lepor ed to the Senate, and
the question being put, "Shall the bill be engrossed
for a third reading?" it was determined in the neg-
ative.   So the bill was rejected
Mr. EVANS said the morning hour having ex-
pired, he would move the Senate to take up the
army appropriation bill, but
Engrossed bill to provide for publishing an ac-
count of the discoveries made by the exploring
expedition, under the command of Lieutenant
Wilkes of the United States navy, was taken up
in its order, when
Mr. WHITE was satisfied that the bill shou'd
not pass in. its present form. He was in favor of
so amending it as to give the control and arrange-
ment of all the specimens of natural hts'ory,
brought home by the exploring expedition, to ihe
Commis loner of Patents, as subordtna'e to the
Secietary of Slate; and with a view to accomplish
that end, he moved to recommit the bill to ihe
Committee on Patents and the Fatent Office.
This motion—in. a discussion which fasted nearly
two hours—was supported by Mevrs. WHITE
and KERR, and was opposed by Mr. PRESTON,
who viewed it as a question oí rival jun d'Ction;
maintaining that the valuable specimens of natural
bistoiy, collecled by the exploring expedition, now
on deposite m the great hall of the Patent Office,
was the property of the Government, and that it
was right and proper that any portion ot the Patent
Office building not absolutely necessary tor the occu-
pancy of Ihe legitimate effects of the Patent Office,
should be appropriated to the reception of this
cabinet, and should be placed under the control of
whomsoever Congress migh' Hunk m^et, without
at all interfering wtih the jurisdiction of the Com-
missioner of Patents.
Mr WOODBURYsaidit was admitted lhat, at the
present lime, there was room enough in the Patent
Office building for the deposite of this vaiuab'e
cabinet. The building, as well as the cabine ,
were the property of the Government; and be
thought they had a right to d spose cf and regulate
this property by law. This bill propo«ed to do
that very thing He said Congre-s had already
appiopnaled $20,000 to the Navy Depaiiment, to
lake charge of,Kndpreserve,thispioneity collected by
the exploring expedition. If, therefore, there was tu
be any change of the provisions of the bill, assign-
ing the control of it, he thought the Secretary of
the Navy would be the proper officer, instead of the
Secretary of Stale. He was of the opimon that
the Committee on ihe Library were the proper per-
sons in whom to vest the control.
TI.e quesuon was then, taken on the motioi to
recommit, and d sggreed to by ayes 13, roes 18
Th- bill wes 'hen lead ihe th'rd un>e and pas,?d.
Mr   WALKER we and addre«s t! |hP C'iaif,
and called for the infiaisned bigness.   He was
recognised, and
The CHA'R announced that the bill to provide
for further remedial justice in the courts of fie
United Slates, was the unfinished business of yester-
day
Mr EVAN'S contended that he had mad" the
motion a few ruinates before, to take up th« ¡irmy
bul, and tbous>ht the question should bt put on ta-
king it up, before th" Sen?tor from M ^ <- tppi
con' 1 b  entitled to th- floor oa another qpfsuon'
The CHAIR again repeated 'hat he had recog.
ni^ed the Senator from Mississippi {Mr Walter]
as en itled to the floor on the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. WALKER persisted in his right to the floor,
but sd J he would cheerfully yiell it to the chair-
man of Ihe Committee on Finance, [Mr Evans,]
if he would cal! up the "hule tariff bill " That
was a most importsnt bill
Mr EVANS said he would make no such mo-
tion.
Mr WALKER said then he could not yte'd Ihe
floor for any other motion He was willing to
yield it for that bill, because he considered it cne of
great importance, and m íelation to wmcb speedy
action should be had.
The CHAIR deeded that the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, having taken the floor when the special or-
der came up, was emitted to proceed, the Senator
from Maine having waived his  motion by allowing
other business to intervene.
Mr. WALKER addressed the Senate for tip-
wards of two nours. The following outline must
be considered only a mere index of the leading ar-
guments urged by Mr W., whose speech in full
will be given to our readers when written out for
publication
He considered this bill brought once more be-
fore the Spnate for consideration under the special
order of the day, as a bill tran cending in import-
ance any bill which had come before that body
since he became a member of it It is a bill of no
less magnitude in its effects than that of changing
th" whole judiciary system of the United Stales
In treating oí it, he would necessarily be obliged
lo advert to the aigUur-nts by which it had been
attempted to be justified, and he should, in the first
instance, address himself to those of the Senator
from Massachusetts [\Ir. Choate ] One of the
first argum-nts relied upon by that Senator
was drawn iron the rejection of the Virginia
resolut ons m conven ion, on the alleged ground
thai they were not s'rong enough. Tms, he (Mr.
W.) con 'ended, was not ihe case, anl to prove it
he read the details of the proceedings of ihe con-
vention on lhat occasion, showing that the resom.
tions alluded to amoun'ed to no hmg more than a
reference of the subject to ihe committee on de-
tails, witn directions to inquire into the expediency
of enieitaining it m conven'ion.
But the argument  2s not new—it was merely
a levival of the general welfare doctrine. The
pnnciple is not to be found m aDy o" the enu-
merated powers of the Constitution It i , indeed,
in the preamble, assigned as a reason for adopting
ihe Constitution; bat it is not embodied in that in-
strument as a power granted. The words of the
preamble shored that the general welfare was only
put forward as one oí the objec's to be accoai-
p'ished by the Constitution. In proof of tht«, he
read the preamble, as follows:
We, the people of the United States, in order to form a
moie peifect union, establish justice, insure domestic tran
qjiillity, piovide for the common defence, piomote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
united state  of America "
He then adverted to 'he argument of the Sena-
tor fiom. Md^acmsetts, drawn from the opinions
of Alexanuer Hamilton, chiefly Insed on the lati-
tude which may be given to the word " controver-
s'ts," m the second section of the th.rd article of
the Const, ution Mr Ham lion's remarks, he
(■Mr. W ) eon'erded, had special reftrence 'o civil,
and not criminal jurisdiction; and <o n was in ref-
e-tnee to the opim >ns of Mr. Madi-nn, quoted by
he S rator from Massfchu-etts. Thi, he proved,
by cuín  Mr. Madison'  own words, from th¿
31 volume of Elliot's Debates, page 205 Mr.
Madison evidently viewed the judiciary power,
wi'h reg rd .o criminal jurisdiction, as remaining
IT* a«V! Wi,s under the °ld Confederation, and be
(Mr W.) contended th*t it could not be ¡roved ihe
old Conf, deration ever hid, or claimed to have
any iUCh power as iha' now attempted to be exer-
ci ed b} Congre s
He also quote.' at laree the opinions expressed
b} Mr Msdi on m the Virginia conventton'. Mr
>1a¡1>s n ihen exptessiy dedartd that the second
c ause oi the thTd an ele of t¡-e ConMitunon, which
érenos the Fea 'a jLrisd¡Ct,on tocitzens of other
ot3  s, can nave refe-enoe only to cases of a State
iiistuuung suit against a cit zen of another Sta'e bv
civil process ao'< not in criminal prosecutions. It
was merely to enable a State to bring a civil, not a-
