CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            661
-------------------                                                                              '                                                           ................-                   ■ ■ ■■■■!■............
criminal suit. It never was intended—it never
could have been intended—that a sovereign State
itself should be dragged before a Federal judiciary
The next authority referred to was that of Lu-
ther Martin. Mr. W. read the passage, and ad-
muted, if it stood alone, it would bear the construc-
tion put upon it by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. But it must be taken in connexion wit'? Lu-
ther Martin's construction of the Constitution,
which he was arguing against
He was then a violent opponent of the Consti-
tution, on the ground that it swallowed up all State
au'honttes, and established a nivnarcf-y in princi-
ple. If the Senatur from Mas achusetts concurs
with Luther Martin in these opinion', he has a
right to quote his authority, but if he does not, he
is not cntitkd to quo e a p^rt, without the grounds
on which the opinions were founded.
Mr. W then read the second section of the third
article of the Constitution, as follows.
"The judicial power sha I ex end to all cases m law and
equity atising un ler this Constitu ion the taws of the United
States, and the treaties made ci which sh/tU he matt under
their authority, to all cas o iffec trig ambassadors, other public
ministeis and consult to all cases of admiralty and maritime
, jurisdiction to controversies to which the United ^ta es shall
beaparty, tocontioxersies between two or mote Mates be
tvyeen a State and citizens of another State, between citizens of
different States between citi7t.ns of tht, same State claiming
lands under giants of différeí t states and between a State or
the citizens theieof, and foreign States,, citizens, or subjects "
He dwelt on the strict meaning oí the word
"controversy," which, he showed, applied to civil
cases, and not criminal casps, and, in support of th s
opinion, he quoted 4th Dallas, page 419, Judge
Jodell'o decision—an evidence cotemporaneous
wiih the going into oppra ion of the Cons i u ion
He also quoted Judge Tuppan's op nious and those
of Judge Story—all expressly dissenting fren the
assumption that the word "controversies" could be
applicable to criminal case .
He alao argued from analogy and reasor, tnpt
the word could not be applicable to aiy but civil
cases. It would be a strange anomaly to suppo e
that a crime, which is an offence com mtled
against 'he law, peace, and dignity of a Stile,
could, by reason or analogy, be tried by any oihe-
powt¡r than the power designated by the Sute itseif
Í5e referred to the dec sions of Chief Justice
Spencer, to show tnat he considered even a prose-
cution to recover a penalty due to the General
Government could not be enforced by the Federal
courts.
If the Federal jurisdiction ex sts at all, tne courts
have decided it mus.' be an or'gtt al junsdiction,
and notan appeilale jun diction, jet this bill gives
appellate, and not or gmal j ir sdiotion The sec-
ond paragraph of the second sect on of th same
article of the Cons nution (the 3 J) is
'In all cases affecting irobasoil is othei public ministeis,
and consuls and lho=e in which a ¡state ¡.hall be a p ti ty the Ni
premeCourt shall have oi gmaljui diction In all ihei ca es
before mentioned, the Su| reme Couitshill hive a¡ peltate ju
risdiction both as to law and tact with such excel tious, and un
der such regulations as the Gongiess shall make
He quoted Ch<ef Jastice Marshal1's dew ion as
to the original jur sdiction, also  severa' ether de-
cisions—[3d vol.  Condensed Reports, oagt,   537 ]
This bill violates ths Constitution, by t k>ng frota
the judiciary its original ju-isdir-tion, aud giving't an
nnconstimtimal appellate   junsdict o"      By ad-
mitting the  mam argament of the S n^ior from
Massachusetts,  he  w< uld admit this bi   out o*
•   court altogether, as one wmch Cong e «• muscna
ed  its power by pa-su g    C i gres-, i oilier vto
lates the Con->U ution, by <av rg an ap\ rln  ju
risdiction to inferior eojr -,—'he  dis'rio   c uas—
m cases in wh eh, if it could  be given at all, it
wou d  be only to  me Supiera." Coort ífe'f, and
not to lis inferior court
With legard to th • junsdietion even n c"=ps
arising under the law oí na'iors, h. (P4r W ) eon
tended that, ?s the Constitution tnnncra ed thee
cases, it mcssatily exuuJed a'l ca es und-r the
law of nations not enumerated Ye the oses to
which this bill is to extend mn ' vi«e und<-r the
law of nations, and tney wih I" ca«es not eo-ning
within the enumerated poweis o' the Cot "itclron,
and therefore excluded by the Cm'-titu ion For
the amendment to the Con>utuliGn -ay "The
powers nbt delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, ar° ¡
reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
ple."
If, (observed Mr. W ,) as the Sena'or from
Massachusetts contends, you have the power to
exercise this jun°d etion m all cases which affect
the national peace and welfare—to use the elo-
quent language-of the Senator himselt—it places
Aere the central sun of light and heat Sir, I de-
sire no such central sun It was never intended
by the original >rs of the Constitution And when
I behold the azure banner of this Union, and view
there the stars which represent the sovereign States
forming a noble conste'lation, ihose light beams
bngh ly on 'he altar of our Constitution, I s e
there all the light and all the power which we, as
representatives of the States, possess to carry out
the great objecs for vhich the Constitution was
frarped. And let me tell the Senator that when he
so changes the Constifu'ion as to create that central
sun, the stars will disappear, they will become un
distinguishable spots, they will vanish like the stars
ot «¡¿hi before the splendor of the solar beams
But when that ce Ural sun descends, it will go
down, not like the bright orb of heaven, to rise
aeain witi íenovated lu tre—no: it will go down
in dnrk"e«s and perpetaal night
W 11 the Senator tel1 me it is simply the obj ct
cf this bill to give power to the Federal ourts to
adopt the law of naitons' Mr Pas dent, the fra
mers ot the Constitution had a right to make such
provi ion, if the/ had thought proper indeed, it is
a ptwer woich the Federal courts now possess
But, s>r, an ac* of Ccngress to alopt the law bf
raiKn ' Why, vou might as well, by act of Con-
fieos sfopt ihe law of Eng'and, or the laws of
Japan, or China Tne frainers of the Constitu-
tion adop ed the law of nations to a certain extent,
to be ca ried into effect m certain enumeia'ed
eves  bv the jud c al tribunals of this Union
He read (from the 4to volume of Elliot's De
bate , pa?e 464) Mr Madison's opinions w rela-
tion to' the ?lien law, in which he craws the dis-
tinction between alien fríen s and alien enema,
showing that crimes committed by alien friends are
referable to the municipal laws of tne States, and
those committed by alien enemies, who must be
regarded as national offenders, punishable pmy by
war By amending this bill so as to limit its opera-
tion either to time oí viaU cr to cases of offences
committed by alien enem es, it could be made to
conform to Mi. Madison's definition
in reference to the 10 a paragraph of the 8 th
Svclion of the 1st article of the Constitution, he
adm uei that ih^re wa= an enum*r?ted power " to
define and pun sh piracies andfelom°scommitted on
the h^h seas, «nd offences against the law of na-
tions " Oa this c'ause the Senator from Massa-
chusetts placed g-iat reliance But the only part
of it which he could apply to the Md>od case
was tha relating to "offences against the law of
nations "
And would it be contended that this bill was to
cairyouttn^ law of na'ons—10 punish an of-
fence.' Does it not do ue very -e /erse' It takes
the offen ler cut o' the re^eb 0f p'moment It
pr iceeds upon the princ pie th?' McL oJ lO.nmit-
ted io cntr" agnifst the law cf na wis, and th?t
he w s not, t! etefore, a-nenab'e to the !a\" of na-
no is li, t'rn, the h l's to be bised upon this
cat e oí th' Corsmutior, its purpo e is not ftr the
pai sp-pert of aniPtfv u lo*u)drg ag-nnst the
la / of ni 'C •, but ft r the phut hment of a S'a e
f an cff r f- committed tigsiii'i ¡t, not by it He
ne^tal'iJtl n the puthonty a*sum d fnra the
2o i iccli n of ihe judiciary act If t>>e powe. ,s
given by tha' at,', mh nee the necessity of ims act'
It this i nece sary, it shuWo that no such authority
ex sts in ti e jud ciar/ act.
Of all countries under the canopy of heaver,
f rcgners ntd 1 ast reason to conpl? n of this
Wh n the/ were compelled, in the language ot tne
popt, to say—
ISos patim fiies e dulcía linqui ins ar\a,
a"d c re to seek an asylum upon ihe'e shores, to
ropos? beneath the protecting shadow of one of
these sovereign States, tnev never need fear that
protection would not be extended to them And if,
perchance, when accused of crime, they must be
tried by jury—not ia a court of starcharnber but
in public—a fair and impartial jury of Ameri-
can citizens shall pronounce upon their innocence
or guilt.
Let it not be supposed that foreigners did not re-
ceive as ample and impartial justice as a native
American citizen. He could proudly say of all the
States of this Union, that an Emmett or a Fitzger-
ald never need despair of finding a home and a
welcome within them, here a Sidney or a Hamp-
den might breathe the unpolluted air, instead of ex-
piating upon ihe scaffold the dire offence of daring
to be free.
Mr. BERRIEN, observing that there was a very
thin attendance of Senators to take the vote,
moved an adjournment; and
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, June 21, 1842
Mr. CUSH1NG offered the following resolu-
tion, wmch was adopted.
Resolved, That the President of the Uni ed States be request-
ed to communicate to the House (if in his judgment, the same
be not incompatible with the public interest) information as to
the proceedings of the Government of the United State in iha
case of Geoige Johnson a citizen of the Tjnited ¡states ag-
gneved by act  of the Government of the Repubjic of Uiuguay.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, from the Judic-ary
Committee, reported, by leave, on the petitions of
Amos, Kendall and Stockton &. Stokes, respective-
ly, praying Congress to pay the $11,000 lai«ly re-
covered by the said Stockton & Stokes from the
said Kendall, by verdict of a jury—that the case
having not yet been finally determined by the
courts of justice, it is premature for Congress to
act on the subject, and that, therefore, the peti-
tioners have ltave to withdraw their several peti-
tions.
Mr BOARDMAN, from the Committee on
Public Buildings, made a report
Mr. BARNARD, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, reported a bill to provide for the punish nent
of certain crimes against the United States, and for
other purposes- read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. WHITE oí Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill granting to miners
or owners of mines the right of pre-smpnon The
bill was read twice, after which Mr. W movpd its
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. EASTMAN suggested that it would be a
more proper course to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole House   referred accordingly
Mr. TALIAFERRO remarked that committees
should be called in order for reports
Mr GILMER c'aimed the floor on the unfinish-
ed business laid over from the mornii  hour of
Friday—the subject of Virginia mditary bounty-
land.    He however yielded it temporarily to
Mr ADAMS, who remarked tfat there was a
message from the President of the Uaited 3 ates
on the breaker's table, which h?d not been sub-
mit ed to ihe House.
The SPEAKER, by consent, then laid before
the House the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States
To the H usf of Repi ese/italixcs
A resoluttor of the House of Representative , of tha 13t!l in-
stan , haa been communicated to me, leques m^ o far a« may-
be compatible with the public n teiest acopyoi llipqjirtu le
treaty between the five puncipal p v*eio of Luu [p lot t es ip-
1 ressigi of the Alrlcan slave tiade and als > cof Kg f ar> re-
mon ttanceoi piotest a1 ¡reused by I "^is Ctss ^ ov I \tra
ordinaiy anlMiut ter Plenipo entiaij of the Ut ned  ta es at;
the court of I n co to hatGwemmcit a="ii ist t! e latinea ion
by 1 lance of tite sui treat) arJ ofa Ic nespondenc b ween
the Governments of the tinned Sti esantl t Í JTiaice an Í of ill
commomeat ons fiom said Lewis Cass to h s own G verninent,
and Horn th & Government to him i elating thereto '
In answer to this, request I have to ay that the treaty Men-
tioned therein h " not been officially eommur icatp ' to the G v.,
ernment of the United States, and no atu! enticcopy oí t i re
f 11 can be fuunshed In re ard to the other ) a) ers leques -
eti, although it ia my hope ind expectation that it wili c ptop
er and convenient, at an early day o lay their befoit ( oí gie^s,
together with o hers connected with the same sul ¡ect \l io
my opinion a communication of them io the Fotise of K i e-
sentatives at this time would not be t npatihie with the } t he
interest
JOtI\ TVli t
Washington, June 20,18-12
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTV LAND
The following resolution, subr>¡ HeJ  or&    dij*.
since by Mr Stani/st, came up according to uJer-
