\
668
Mr. W. SMITH then yielded the floor, which
was taken by Mr. CÜSHING.
Mr. C addressed the committee at large is favor
of Use increased tariff. He held that the only ques-
tion of any import was, what should be the details
of (he bill? The discussion, he thought, had been
carried $ too far upon general principles. He
thought that the anU-tanff men who opposed the bill
because it conflicted with their notions of free trade,
were m duty bound to furnish some other plan for
raising the revenue necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment. Unless they proposed some other system
of revenue, tbey must unite with the friends of the
bill before the committee m maturing the details
of a tariff on imports.
He continued the discussion of the theory of
free trade for some time, and «aid that it was a
good theory if the people of the wor d constituted
but one Government. That not being so, and as
the only theory of prosperous existence—the only
mode by which social blessings could be secured—
was the association of man m separate Govern-
ments, taxation was inevitable; and the duty of
every statesman was to regard the interests of the
people under his own Government, (which could
not be promo'ed by new-fangled visionary ab-
stractions of free trade,) and so adjust taxation as
to do the most benefit to the people taxed, with the
least possible evil; taough no system could be
devised which would not m some measure be
found, m it  operation, to benefit or press more un-
equally upon particular interests or paiticular
classes.
Mr. GORDON moved that the commntee rise,
which (it being feat 3 o'clock) was neratived.
Mr. WISE entered into reitam explanations, as
a free-trade man, which he deemed to be neces-
sary, in c insequenee of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts on free tiade aud the
equality of man.
Mr. KENNEDY of Marvhrd moved that ¡he
committee rise, which vas agreed to.
The House then adjoined
IN SENATE
Thursday, June 23,1842.
Mr. CONRAD presented twenty-five mcmonpfs
from citizins of Louisiana, prayma: for an aug-
mentation ot the du'y on foreign sugars. Mr. C
observed that these memorials were signed by a
very large and respeetablt portion of ihe c ti/ens of
Louisiana. The memoriahsis wore not all sugar-
planters. He refogniyfd amorg them the names
of cotton-planlers- and pen-ons of almost every
other pursuit. He was happy to say, too, t'.at, m
Louisiana, as m oiber pans of ihe Union, the tariff
began to be no longer viewed as a party question—
as a question between different portions of our own
countrymen, but as ¡a nationil question—an At *r-
¡can question—a question between this coimtiy
and foreign countries. Amons the memo'iahsK i'e
discoveied the names of many Dsmocrats, a id,
among other*, that of a {ren'leman who had, at
the four last Presidential elec'ions, been a candi-
date for elector on the Democratic ticket m Louis-
iana.
This «as not th- proper time <o indulge in pny
remarks on the «ubjettoi the mem na'-í He wou d
take thiso<ci' out >ie-riflrV, hoirevtt, 'hat, in wh it-
ever light thi si^ar eil'jre i i viewer"—?rf< th r
weconsitW 'lit numbt-r of p r a 11 (ustel .n >,
ihe magnitude of -lie c'[ tal -nvesif 1, i*)p nc<*-'j i
of laborers employed in ,', or <i i >m --t" ■>- it it >-
pnce which itscoutmuanc or its desque ¡oí i,jul
exert on I e dpstmi's of t>e S ate wh le i  i ear-
ned on—it is one of ¡he ve,y l.rst m impof unte '"
this country. He vOi 1' vnt'ire to siy, t j, «hi'
there was no iiittreU >i wh eti 'r-> p^^-eat m ita-
ken pohci of the Gov  ne> ' wc ji i,'/ pei ei red
in, exercise a n.ore fa a I an 1 m hot'ns. inJucnct.
For lfa.es  rea one. as  <il ,311 ae^oi ru a the
sinking . nc! e/ikab'e "••' ie 1 . "u,i'in¡iii
the met o,- a! , ii" '¿ould mr , th ,t ih^y b* p 1' d
and referred  to the Ooirmittee ri ilanufaC'ireo
The motion was adopted.
Mr. TAPPAN presrbi J a memoriM %ra
Joshua. A Lravitt, of Ohio, p" vir>g that Co.ye >.
■wia^wsorporate, m any new tariff set, a prov.^ion
? ft«<WB$ the tJunes. in future to any country that
CONGRESSIONAL GtQBE.
■will Bdm.t American grain, flour, and salted meat
dutv free.
Mr. T. made some remarks, not distinctly heard,
on the great importance of CongreoS so shaping its
leglslation as to guard the great agricultural intei-
ests of the country. He hoped the Agricultural
Committee, to which he proposed to refer the me-
morial, would examine the important statistics con-
tained m it, and have them spread before the pub-
lic.    The memorial was referred accordingly.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, a memorial
from Jacob GKdeon, asking Congress to make a
purchase of certain books, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. MERRICK presented a resolution, wluch
was read as follows.
Unsolved, That the Piestdent 01 the limted States be leque^t
ed to communicate to the Senate the number, names, and r ¡ k
of the officers of th corps of engineers, of topographical enjri
neers, and of the ordnance denaitment, which, undei the ftfth
ind sixth rules of the regulations of the War Department 01 the
¿3d May, 1812, will be deemed to be entitled to double ration ,
and the numhei to which each will be entitled, designating the
poitsdtwhiuithey nny he uatmned, the nature and descnp
Hon of the duties ol each, andado the numbei of soldiem con-
stituting their respective commands
Mr. MERkICK said th he information called
for would be useful to Cor--o > when acting upon
the bill now about to be tak->n up for red acing and
reorganizes 'he army.
Mr. PRESTON had no objection to the passage
of the resolution; but he trusted that the Senate
would be able to proceed, without delay, to the
consideration of the bill, which the information
called (or was intended to aid action on. He pre-
sumed the information could be returned foithwith.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims made an adverse report on the petilnn of
William Suong, which was ordered to lie on the
tabl'- and I   p-mled.
Mi ARCH¡31, from h  Committee on Naval
Affair*, repoited a bill to authorize the con true
tion of a depot for chart,, and instruments of the
navy of the United S ates; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS, agiecably to notice given, and on
Wve, introduced a bill to define and establish ihe
fi cal year of the Treasury of the United States;
whi'h was read the hi>t time.
Mr BUCHANAN inquired whether there was
any necessity for ¡he reference ot the bill to a com-
mit teel
Mr EVANS did not think there was; and asked
that the bill might be read a second time.
The bill was then read the second time.
[ The bill proposes that the faecal year shall com-
rnmce on the 1st of July, in each year.]
Mr EVANS said that the ooject of the bill had
been long desired, thai it was recommended by the
Senahr .rom New Hampsi're, [Mr. Woodbury,]
when it the head <S the Treasury department. He
(Mr E ) hoped it woolu become a ¡a>v at ihe pres-
ent f ession of Congress ¡r therewas no desire that
th bill should oe committed, he hoped it would be
acted upon without delay.
Mr. WOODBURY agreed with ill  Senator from
Maine [Mi. Evans] (hit the rbjrct of th  bill v ai
a desirable one—to m&k  the fijcal year correspond
w th the comía rcnl year
On motion of Mr. EVANP, lie bill was then
t?k n up «o n committee of the «boie, consider* 1,
and, th re being no propc- tion 'o amend, it w
irjicrt'd *o the Se lite, and oidered toonjros^j for
a imrd ie?r\n;r
O i mol on of Mr WRIGHT, the S r a  pio
eeed'J r> fy« consiVra on of h* resolution sub
mi'ted by h m rn Friday last, provlaiu" for a da¡ y
re¡"sS, and conn uig t r action of trie Seni e, da
ii g ''f m, rning "ssioo, to iiat'ers  of a public
rW t er, and, m ¡he evening session, te bills on
the xir y te cal' idar.
The re iluu n r i*. debated for "one time; and,
alter scffe a r>ro"> >s 'tons to amend, and w thoji
tíkins th" quesut i on either,
Oa motion of Vs . BuNTON, who believed the
best pinn would b^ to üevo'e the first Uvo tnor.n ¡g
hm's io ihp na    ac ion of bus re's on the private
ri'emUr, the r^oint'oi was liid on the table
Mi   PRESTON, Ao-i the Committee on Mili-
J   ta>y Affairs, reported  back to the Senate, without
........-........■     " !    .....   '                      ■   in" .■■'■J'
amendment, An act to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the payment of horses and
other property lost or destroyed in the service of
the United States," approved the 18th day of Jan-
uary, 1837.
Mr. PRESTON agreeably to notice, and on
leave, introduced a joint resolution for the relief of
Ferdtnaid Pettnch, which was read, and ordered
to a second reading, and
On motion of Mr. KING, the resolution was
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the S-nate,and ordered to be engrossed
for i third reading.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the ucfimshed business on the orders—being the
bill to provide for the satisfaction of the claims
arising under the 14th and 19 h articles of the
treaty of Dancng Rabbit cre k, concluded in Sep-
tember, 1830.
The question purdmg was the proposition of Mr.
Henderson ¡o stake out all the bill after the
enacting clause, for the pu¡pose of substituting a
bill draughted by himsed; which proposed to allow
the Indian claimants land or scrip, instead of money
for their claims, as- propospd'in the bill
Mr. PHELPS opposed the suos'itute, which he
said would undo all that the Senate had done in
framing the bill, and would deprive it of all checks
against frauds
Mr. HENDERSON replied at length in defence
of his substitute, when,
On monon of Mr. KING, the further considera-
tion of th? bill was postponed till to-morrow.
\        /"THE LITTLE TARIFF. 
oXmoEion of Mr. EVANS, the Senate proceed-
ed toN the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, "oil the bill to extend for a limned period the
present Imm, for lajinsr and coiiectiog duties on ím-
por s.     'I
Mr. EVai<3 observed  hat the explanations he
should ¡ait'e of ¡h « bill would be very brief, and
he boped the bul i self would be disposed of to-day,
I one way or another.   Its object is, to postpone, for
I one month, the operation of that part ot the com-
promise act, the provisions of which would come
j into effect on ths 1st o' July.    A very consider-
able reduction of duties takes place by that act on
the 1 si day of neit month,
I' is we!! knoi'/n that the revenue receipts of this
year, l.ke those of several years back, will fall very
far shoit of the actual expenditures of the year.
Tneieminds of the treasury, for ordinary purposes,
independent of the public d«bt, wilt be very li tie
short oi twenty thre e millions of dollars. The ap-
propilations of this session, it is now eertam, will
amount to twenty-two millions, includ ng a million
for obj-cts not specified The income oí the treas-
ury, under present hws, cannot approach anywhere
near the amount of these demands. The receipts
from customs, under exi^ng laws, cannot surpass
fifteen millions; leaving a deficit of seven millions
to be supphed by treasurj notes, or some other pro-
vision of Corgress
It is evident vhat a necessity exists to in-
crease the means of the tieasury The bill for the
rEO"gan'7auon of tne tariff has not yet been ma-
tured; and there u no hope that it can be ready to
go into operation sooner than the 1st of August.
He bel eved'h > benefit of a home valuation will
be about equal to the reduct.on contemplated by
•he compromise act, so that there will be no viola-
tion ot tn* principies of that act if the duty now
payable oe coa'inued. The necessity for this tera-
poiarv bill is apna -ent from the doubt which ex-
ists vhe'her any ij>y can be collected sfier the
30th ot June, unless so far as secured by the reve-
nue bill of U-; session; which bill imposed duties
on a sna'l poi'ion ef the imports Th>s doubt
ai"-e oil of the compromiso act passed in March,
1°33. lie quot-d i he first section of (hat act, and
as umed tha*, U ih" aci s'opped l'jer<\ no doubt
could exist, but ihe thirl ««.lion, specified that the
rate of dn iei shnuld he continued until Ihe 30th of
June, 1842, and there was another section which
provides, m effect, that nher laws shall be passed
regulating the int,^ to be collected after th" 30th
of June Thi3 was in th' la,t part of the fifth sec-
tion, stating that articles shall not be imported nn-
