f 
less subject to such duties a-s shall be impo ed by-
law, not exceeding 20 per cent.
Here, then, was considerat 1" doubt whether any
duties can be collected. Ought it to be left a mat-
ter of doabt? Every one knows that lmpoitersare
unte an impression that no duty can be collected,
tander the compromise act, after the 30th of June.
4"his indicates that there may be considerable dis-
putations referable to judicial courts, and they
have not been favorable to revenue laws. It is, at
least, not so clear a case as to just'fy rebanee on
the power of collecting duties. Prcpaiations are
made for very large importations, if the duty shall
be only §0 per cent, w hich will be vastly increased
under the chance ot being admitted duly-fiee.
Tire condition of the trea-«uiy imperiously required
the passage of this bill, and tí e necevsity was so
pressing, that he could not anticípale any hrsita-
tton. It is even Verj q ie«t,onaMc whether the
home valuation can be regulated tn time. So that,
even if the act of 1833 can It made available tor
the collection of duties, it is very plain its op;ra
tton mast be very unequal and very nniuit. As
far as the mam question of r*ev enuc was concerned,
there could b  no objection to the passage of the
bill. But it is «aid it will be a. violation of the
compromise act, by exceeding 20 per cent duty
after the 30th of June. He asked Senator*, was
no duty beyond 20 pel cent absolutely lenuired
for the wants of the 0nv>i>itrent, even if the pro-
weds ftf the public lands ?ie tsdren back? It can
bs no violation of. the compio-ruse act to exceed 20
per cent, duty on imports, while the necessi'i s of
the Government demanded more.
He very much questio.te 1 whe'hrr the i?le of
duties, now exiting:, wib n t baeontim'ed " > the
30ih of June, by the adcpi'oa of tbo heme valui-
tion. But, as th t bene valuation cannot be ad-
justed ib time, thefe would be no vio^tioi of tne
compromise act by continuing the ra'e of duties
the same as at present.
Let the matter be what it may, Congress must
provide means for the necessities of the treasury.
There is another objection to be anticipated, and
that is, in relation to th  clause repealing the sec-
tion of the land distribution act ot last session,
which returns the land und to the treasury, sh ulu
the duties be raised past 20 per cent, it has been
insisted that this section was introduced into the
distribution act as a compromise, and that this ."t-
tempt to repsal it is a vioU'ion of ihe compact by
which the act was passed Mow ct al 1 it be caben
a compromise, when the gentieme' opooHte «find
pledged to repeal the whole act the moment tney
can get the opportunity? Urgent appeals ha\e
been made to Senators supposed to h ee<rr>p-ii
ted themselves He saw himseif alluded to «s
having s=id he did not contemn! ue that any at-
tempt would be mace to increase duties beyond
twenty peí cent. He never had expressed an < pin-
ion as to \vhat Congress would do, Wild he had
said was, that if it was necessary to go into the
subject at a fn'ure session, Congress would ^ave
the whole subject before it, and could r'pcai the
distr'bution act it it saw fit.
His own impression wa , that the who'e niatt r—
the adjustment of the tariú, and also t^e di«'nbu
tion subject, till 1st cf August, °o as to give time
for adjustment— «raid leave nenaer the frierds
nor the enemws of either increa ed tar if or ci -
tnbution n a wois-> cond tiom ihan at pfs^nt
His object «as it *fi>rt, 'o postpone t' e 1 t day
of July to th  1 t oí August °o ,h.it 'h^ rassage
of this bi 1 shall bav> no effect on either
tariff or distribution, and if iin otiter lav re pissed,
on the 1st of Avgiist the compromise art arid dis-
tribution aci shall both go into effect, according 'o
their specific powers
It seemed to him, that all ,uose who are opposed
to distribution ought to go with him for post ine-
ment. Neuher party nopld suffer any disadvan-
tage, or obtain any advantage If 'rp bi I ' iss
as it is, the distribution will take effect, but if the
proviso be stricken out, every gentleman will stand
in the same condition on th  1st of August as on
the 1st of July. For the purpose of rendering the
bill acceptable to all, he would propose to strike
out the proviso in the bill, and ¡nseit in its place
the following:
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-               «Li  •             ____                              ^r=__r^r;—;
"That the d smbuiion of Uie piocceds of the | ubtic lanus,
authorized an 1 directed by the act ofGongie^ pt<*sel the 4th ot
£\| tembci 1641, entitled 'An act to appiopnate the proceeds
ol the s-aiesot the public lauda, and to giant pie emption light1','
shall be, and the same J heteby, suspended ~^t postponed until
the i*t dayot August, 1si2, at t 'tie --aid act ot the 4th Septem
bei, 1MI, shall be no othen.ise oí fuittiet añ etedoi ihj lifted,
than meie y to postpone to the ¡>atd 1st day uf August ne\t the
distnouMonof tl es ml proceets dnec cd b>i that act to be made
on tne 1st day of Jul), 1842, anything contained m this act oi
tin «aid act ot the 4th of Septembtr,lb4l, to the contiaiy, not
withstanding "
Mr. WOODBURY hoped the chairman of the
Finance Committee would have given some expla-
nation as to the aim ant of money now in the
treasury ant the ímivarte necessity fur an in-
crepe of duties for the pre0ent mvn'h.
He considered tne chu'°s of * >■> --' -c "r">''
1U".„ i o/ t',eSeaator fioni Maine, taken toge Inr,
secured the collection of a duty a 20 per cent.
Th^powei ol collection \'as still preserved by the
act oí Jul/, 1832, wh ch t-ietompiomioe only mud-
ifle 1 m amount, *trd did not rep al the right to col
leot fíe lead the passages fio.n both aas, to show
that the power oi collection was not impaired by
the compromise act. Both acts, and the great
object oí the compromise act, aid not look to such
a strict consauction. If the fifth section was to be
so strictly construed, there never could be cny
authority for cillectmg over SO per cent. Some
«ho passed the act may have believed that, with
the proceeds of the public lands, thete wooll be
enough for an economical adimni tration. Bu'he
rii 1 not hold to sue i a str ct construction , fir he
was icady to admit thai, if pll reasonable and prac-
ticable tetrtiichm-i 's .".ere wade, and the lanl fund
w"ie restored, and a IsK'ner '•< p than 21 per cc> t
vtre i ccw ary, m  n ex graey cf wai, hewouli
not hold to _o strict a construction of tne compio-
m.se sot.
Mr W. said, ho vever, that to ¿void J ubi and
litit,a ion wita meahants, ,rid nit ecessíry confluís
with cour.s End jur  >, a aeclaratory a v might b
expet'itn' Oae should Iw Iten pa sed earlier, or
a new tanffprovidingfor the difficulty. INow, thcre-
f jre, ba wonid himself vote for the law, from abun-
dant cau ion, but not re ainin  the land distrtbuPon,
nor Lmtting its ope'ation to the 1st of Augusi, but
till Congress should otbrr,vi*e direct. The law be-
fore us would then be unexceptionable, except that
the duties might hi it be reduced to 20 per cent, if
that, w,tn the land;., was supposed to be enough.
Mr. W. then explained h's construction ol the
home valuation, with a view of showing that the
Senator from Ma ne was mi ta'ten tn supposing
that he ought to get ten per cent additional bj a
home /ilua- on, or a° much as tne highes' duties
now.ie That woul 1 involve a necessity of rawng
ti e present volda ion qune 50 per cent, m ordci
to gc 10 per cent, more duty th¡ '. you get by 20
per c nt Tais would be a mari'fest violation of
the co npr l ise act He objee'ed to tne proviso
as to thediS nbu ion, and al o to the- an endoiert of
tne Stn^t.^r from Maine, on the gtound d thm
both b'in  a poktpnu<,m°«t of the pavmei is to 'he
S'it"-, and not of the right of the States to We dis-
tnbuioi ftr one month If it stopped the distri-
buí on i elt, an I left fo ever i  tnr •"so y the re-
c 'p's i ,) i y, it \ id be ¡nine reasonable It
s' i u1 t         I , -s  i    ', a  iiM't-t  cf pavrr nt a
•ni-1 i  iticr   ' <e —^ i    u I a'ion totleS?tts—an
?et of oan'i' uptfy
Ho'iM)f ist. lUtion foi the mo Hh should not
reme'elysi p^n-lel, fo be ft wants paid, bat the
r ght to ary pnie-1? sa h t di ribur on oogit to
b s"pnnl vbi!c Lib ra'e of uut'es was kept, at'er
J ii), 'bo e 20 ( er c^nt. We irust lo^k to tne
puLcip'c involved, anu poi u mete pecuniary
v za s
He camp pined that th^ who!" receipts from the
pubhc lanas for the fii st half of Ihe }e«, by nes;-
leptmg to advert se new lands, did not exceed $400,-
000, wh'Ie the actual annuil expense to be deduct
ed vas near $2n0,000 But, if ah the chare s nf
thQ 5 and 10 p*r cett, &c were brought nto
acrottnt, the l*>iJs migi>t fall in deb', in-lead of
lea/ins a -urp'us to le disrbn'el if this lam-
entable system continued ce not advertising new
lanas.
The people of the West weie no' so flat, or the
Yankees from the East who emigrate there, as to
buy or settle on reiuse lands that had been culled
66 
over. But adyeitise new and good land*, as yon
did m J838,1833, and 1840, and tmee to four mil-
lions a ye0r would be codected from that source.
Tne bare to a State ¡or each Representative now,
foi die nrst half < f the year, is only about |80O, if
the expei,s's have equal í only about half of the
receipts Tl is was a beggarly pittance, not wotth
the scramble tn account of its amoun ; but it in-
volved a great and vital principle, v.hich he would
not now cteiiin the Senate m discussing.
Mi HUNTINGTON observed that this bill, so
far as it provides for the contmuat-on of piesettt
duties, dlu not seem to be objection-u 'e to aoir
sid-M>f the ch imber.
ne argaca ,n snow 'his indispensable necessity
of pa >m4 Un  lavs, on the ground that no duties
could be collected under the compromise act after
tl e 30 n of June, lie dis-ented fiota the conclu-
sions drawn by the Senr ur fioru New Hampshire,
£ a contended that the courts ot uV United States
would be called upon to decde the ijuestion. H"«
dimed the possibility of carivmg out the lawot
1832 by tbe law of 1S33, as they were oppr sed to
each other m the mode ot valuation, besides being
nreconcilablo as to the amount ot duty But the
compromise aci had not left the matter open to
construction; for it provided for the lepeal of all
ac s inconsistent with the provisions of the aet
itself
He understood there was a ves'el laden with for-
ei°"i goods at this very n.omsnt, beating on and off
tt e riook, waiting lor the 1st ot July to enter New
Yoik, in vi"w ot l.'nding her c*ago fiej of duty, and
!   sh  wiiidoH witt impui't>, if thisbiil isnotpassed.
ii3-ma btatned ti>at raising dutirs pase twenty
ri r cení ,it required ioi an econo ,i tal administra-
im or il.e Govdiirs-,., w no v olation of tne
c aip-on-ise ac1, and, if that necmi'y eSiCf, i!i*,'S
cm be no breaca oí faiih 11 repealing the clause in
the di (ribution act which suspends its operation
should the duty be raised above twenty per cent.
But, even if theifi was a doubt on this point a'id
the bill witn the p-ovisi coming (rom the House—
and he denied ihat there could be any such doubt—
there was not a shadow of doubt left by the proviso
proposed to be substituted by the Senator from
Maitie.
He considered that tne average rate of duties
now, to be contint ed by this Dill till 1* of August,
cannot exceed 26 per cent—jontnumg the credit
system and Joretgn valuation
With regard to <;e distribution act, he conceived
that, under the ptoviso proposed by the Senator
from Maine, no one had a right to complain It
merely would leave ad par'.es prec sely on the
same looting on the 1st day of August that they
now stand upen. This was *o perfectly fair, that
he could not see how any objection could be made
to it, and he hoped, therefore, the bill would be
pi sed to-day
Mr. WALKER, said he understood the proviso,
as i now stood, aliheagh it va« coachpd m some-
vhat arnb gatus turn , and if the m'ention was
5ii-re,\ to let thiiis remain until the 1st ot August
ltjin tne =ar ^ loo'in^ as at tne 1st of July, that
¡ objet coeld of accomplished by using clearer lan-
guage, bu t1 e only construction that be (Mr W.)
could nut upon the language used by the Senator
from Mame, was, that, >f this aet became a law,
they would get clear o' a restriction m the distribu-
tion «ict, by which it was provided that when the
dn ie« upon ínaports exceded 20 per cent, the dis-
tribution aet should cease
Sena'ors on the other side would then have got
cear ot an obstacle which, at present, lay in their
vay riaving accomplished this object, then, by
n fans oi this lit te t mff bill, (the most important
bill except one which had been brought under the
consideiation of the Sánate during the present ses-
sion ) they-would 'h n be at liberty to pass a new-
Jaw makirg the duties 30 40, or 50 per cent, saying
no'hmg about distrioution, but retaining th* proceeds
of fie public lands, and having increased duties
be ides The effect oi tne passage ot tbe act, m
such a'hipe wotiid be to vicíate t ,e compromise
aet. This, h' nre snued, won'd not b^ disputed.
It would violate 'he co nprt ni i ao, and tha* in
the rnout ltnnoi'atit particular The comprom se
act provided that, after  the 31st December, 1833,
