•to
whenerer there was an excels of duties above 20
¡percent., 10 per cent, was to be tafeen off. • If you
do not pass this bill, you are to bring down the du-
ties to 20 per cent j it yon do pass it, you are only
to lake off 10 per cent. This, then, was equivalent
to parsing the ¡aw raising the duties above the rate
prescribed by the compromise act. Then, mss-
ifauch as, by that act, upon raising ihe duties above
SO per cent, the restriction in ¡he distribution act
teauid come into effect, this bill, if it contained no
proviso, would of itself bs a repeal of the dis
tnbution act. What did the amendment pro-
pose? [Mr Walker here read the amendment.]
Mark the operation of this act upon the act of
1841 It is merely to suspend the payment of tbe
land fund until the 1st of August—not to take
away the rate of distribution, 1>at to postpone ns
payment This was ihe effect of the enactment,
and, after thus suspending the distribution until the
1st oí August, you then d'clare that, notwi h
standing you have by this means raised the duties—
which wouH, by the provision in tl.e distribution
act, have the effect of repealing that act—'he dis-
tribution shall b  merely pos poned, or, rather, the
payment of [he distribution fund shall be suspended
for one month Then, Í «ay, you accomplish the
whole object of the friends of ihe tariff and the
friends of tbe distribution The proviso clearly
effected this purpose. The passage of this bill,
therefore, would entirely supersede the necessity
for the passage of the bill now pending in the
House of Representatives for a protective tariff
They were told by the Senator from Maine that
the distribution act was a Whig measure with
which Senators on this side had nothing to do.
[Mr Evans. Nothing m the way of compro-
mise ]
He would call the attention of Senators to the
fact ttfat the provision for the repeal of the distri-
bution act was first proposed by bim (Mr.
Walker,) It would be found, by reference to 'he
journal, that, on the 14th June, 1841, h- (Mr W )
proposed the very proviso which v/as attetwards
added to that bill
Mr. KVANS. Did the Senator vote for tbe bill
lll-consequente of that proviso being added?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly not, but the bill
would not have passed if the proviso had not been
adonttd
What faith does the honorable gen leman keep
with those who were induced to unite with him in
passing that bill by the insertion of that proviso?
8o far as tbe proviso was concerned, it was, as he
had said belore, originated by him, and the Whigs
had nothing to do with it He (Mr W) certain-
ly had not consulied them; nor, in fact, had he con-
sulted even his friends upon the subject previous
to offering the amendment
The honorable gentleman [Mr Evans] looked
upon the proposition, at the time when it was of-
fered, as though he had been looking upon th° eje
of a basilisk The gentleman and his friends
voted it down m committee, and when it again
came up, upon motion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, how did they then treat it? They again voted
it down, and it was not until ihey fnund that the bill
could not pass without the pro iso, that they con-
sented to adopt it it wis marled, finally, ihrough
the mstruraen'ality of Ihe fcjeniior from Vin-inia,
and he trusted, therefore, Mat t'ie honorable Sena-
tor would now stand by the proviso, .¡id ptevent
its operation from bun,; annulled by tus bill
When it was found ¡hat ihey could not obtain
votes m ugh to pass tne bill without the mtrod action
of the prou o—that ihey could not carry the meas-
ure npin the ' sic volo stc juheo'" princip'e—ihey
bi ke up in confj«ir , *in>il r to that described by
Mi'ton as having ^revdi'ed among a cria n class
of angek They aijourned until Minday, that
they might delibera e upon it, and on M uday the
provi o was taken up aid a-lnpted, aid they now
tieclafe mat the/ nade no enmnromse with us
He (W W ) affirmed mat i'iey had made a
compromise, and, w thout such compromise, they
very well know that the bill would never have
b^ome a law, and yet they now say to the gentle
vwtiftoui Virginia, and those who acted with him
on, agtt oceaswo, "Although we did get you 10 vote
forte distribution, «poa out solemn pledge, as
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contained in that proviso, yet we will now violate
that pledge We will break the compromise that
we made with you, although we cou'd not have got
our bill passed sulhotjt the a-sistanee of your votes:
and, to procure those votes, we so'erarly entered
into this compromise " They say, " We will now
reject your votes, for we find we can do without
them, and we will utterly disregard our plignted
faun." It was in vain for the Sena'or from
Maine to say that there had been no compromise
[Mr. Evans. I pledged my faith to nobody. I
voted against the amendment }
He contended lhat a direct and solemn pledge
bad been given to the Senatoi from Tugima, at all
event', by the acceptance of the proviso, because
that Senator rose in his place and declared tha*,
without its accep aneé, they should not have his
vote, and, unless that Senator now absolved them
from lhat pledge, he (Mr. W.) maintained that it
would be a positive violation of faith on the part
of gentlemen opposite to adopt the provision now
propo«ed
Mr WOODBURY desired to say a single word
upon this proposit on Ge/itlemen would recollect
that the distribution act went into op ration in Jan-
uary la*t, and the 1st of Ju y was merely the day
of payment of the half-yearly proceed- of the pub-
lic lands. The amendment of the honorabls Sen-
ator then meant one of two things either to sus-
pend ihe payment of the funds which had been ac-
cruing since January, or to suspend the right of the
States to receive the money. If it were merely a
suspension of the payment, it w?3 an interference
with the provisions of the compromise act; if it
was in ended to suspend the right of the Sia'es to
receive tne proceeds, >t was equally an interference
wuh the < ompromi e act The bill before the Sen-
ate, by its own operation, would effect the object
which the Senatoi pro essed to have in view, with-
out the proviso. He considered it therefore entire
ly unnecessary
Mr RIVES remarked, that it was his desire to
addross the Senate on the bill. But it was now
la'e, bsing_ later than the usual hour for the ad-
journment, and the bill was too important to pa^s
through this evening. He would, therefore, move
an adjournment
Mr PRESTON hoped the Senator from Virginia
would withdraw his motion, lor the purpose of
permitting him to offer a proposition to postpone
this bill for this evening, for the purpose of taking
up the bill to reduce and reorganize the army
He believed that bill could be disposed of in half
an hour
Mr. RIVES withdrew the motion to adjourn;
and
Mr PRESTON submitted a motion to 'ay the
bill on the table, for the purpose of taking up the
bill to reor?i<ni2e the army
Mr EVANS demanded the yea* and nays on
that motion, which were ordered, and on th* ques-
tion hem  put, it was decided in the negati/e—
yeas 17, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Aicher Banfon, Bemen Buchanan,
Cuthbert, Tullon, King, Linn, McRobens, Preston, Smith of
Connecticut, Tappan, Walkei, Wilcox, Woodbury, and
Wnght—17
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates Bayard Choate, Clayton,
Conrad Crafts Crittenden, Erans, Graham, ÍTuntinston, Kerr,
MiilguT Miller Morehea! Porte: Simm ins Smith of Indians
Tallmadge   White and Woodbudge—21
Mr   CUTHBKRT no ved that the Senate ad
JOUltl
Mr. EVANS demanded the yeas and 1141,
which we ordered, snd, the question being put, it
was dec d°d in the negative, try jeas 19, n-iys 21,
as it lloi/s-
\EAS—Messrs Atrhet Allet Benton Bemer Buchanan,
CuUbut Fulton Hendeison Kíp<* Linn McRibert&, P rter,
¡smith of Con lecticuf Tappa 1, Wa ker, Wmte Wilcox Wool
bni" at 1 Wrght-19
NAY —'Vie* H Bat row B\te  Bayard, Choa'e Clajfon
Contad Oralis Crittenlen Evans Graham Huntington Ken
Manaum Merrick Muer Mntehead Phelps, Ssimmonb, femuh
ot Ir diana TNHmadge and Woodbudge—21
So, at four o'clock, p rn , the Senate refu ed to
adjourn
Tne question then requiring on Ml. Evans's
mod nca icn to the proviso in the bill—
Mr. vVHITE «aid, as he intended to vote for
it, he felt it to be his duty to explain bis understand-
ing of the proviso, and what was his construction
1                                                                      1   1.1     11                                         . ..-—
of it. According to his construction, the proviso
did no more iban postpone the payment of the in-
s'alrnent falling due m Joly, to the Is of August.
The fund which arises from day to day, from the
proceeds of ihs lands, it is piovided by the distri-
bution act, ihall be paid over to tbe Slates in semi-
annual instalments This is only to postpone
instalments The distribution act provides that
if, at any time, the duties to be levied shall exceed
twenty per cent., then, and in that ease, by force
of the proviso to said act, the distribution ceases.
Therefore, if, by the passage of this bill, the dunes
to be collected in July will exceed twenty per
cent., tne distribution fund will cease to accrue for
that period, and the instalment to be paid to the
States in August wi'l only comprise that whieb.
will have accrued before the duties were raised
above twenty per cent And if, in the mean time,
Congress by its legislation shall have raised the
tariff permanently to above twenty per cent, the
distribution to the States will entirely cea^e This
was his understanding of the effect of the proviso,
and the ground noon which he gave it his support.
Mr. BERRIEN understood the Senator from In-
diana [Mr White] to say he would vote for the
modification of the proviso with bis understanding
of the effect that modification would have.
He read the clause in the distribution act on which
the i^sue rested
A doubt existed on the other side whether the
modification would effect a mere sjspcnsion er a
repeal Now, he did not sse that there was any
necessity for leaving a rnattef in doubt that could
be so easily made clear and unequivocal The
chairman of the Finance Committee, and those who
concurred in his v ews, distinctly declared their ob-
ject to b" merety to suspend the distribution for one
month, at the end of which time all parties should
stand as before With a view of testing the ques-
Hon of doubt, and for the purpose of preserving the
ground he took in reference to ihe distribution act,
fe would submit an amendment to tbe amendment,
providing that, "after the 1st day of August, the
said act (the distribution act) shall revive aad be
in full force "
The Senate would see that the second section of
the distribution act was that which authorized the
distnbJtion The sixth section eontams the pro-
vivo suspending the distribution in case duties
«hall be ra sed past 20 per cent If no law regu-
lating the tariff shall be passed counteracting this
clause, no distribuí on takes ptaee The effect
this substitute to the amendment of the Senator
from Maine would have, wos'd be merely to carry
out h's professions in a clear and undoubted man-
ner, t! at i«, to suspend only a portion of tbe dis-
tribution act for dne month, placxngboth the friends
and opponents of distribution, at the end of lhat
time, precisely where they should have stood on
the 1st of July, had not this act been passed
Mr ARCHER was satisfied, by the argument
of the Senator from Connec icut, [Mr. Huntino-
ton,] that, if this bill she uld not pass, there would
be no revenue collected after the 30'h of June.
Now, he would not only give up the distribution
for one montb, bul altogether, sooner than permit
the revenues of the Government to be thus abro-
gated He approved of the amendment offered by
Ihe Senatir from Georgia; but if lhat could not be
passed, he would go for the proviso offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Evans ] He appealed to the Senakr from Georgia
not to impede the passage of this bill.
Mr BERRIEN received the appsal of the Sen-
ator from Virginia with that re'peet to which his
ueivs are alwava entitled, and he would recipro-
cal tie appeal, by callmi on him to direct hii ap-
peal to ih" Senati rfrom Maice a"d tue supporters
if hi, proviso He sincerely hope I tbe Senator
would direct his appeal to those Sena ors who pro-
f-ssed that then only desirt \ as to postpone ihe
payment tf the first m'talTient, and not 10 continue
ihe distribuí on whilft ihe duties collfc'able should
exceed twenty per cent Tnis proposuion offered
by him only covsred the ground which they profess
to desire. If, theiefore, there was danger that,
without the passage of this bil , there would be no
laws for the collection of revenue after the 30th
June, they would be responsible.
