CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675
said that the House was disorderly, and too numer-
ous. He knew excitement sometimes occurred in
this body. It naturally parióos of the feelings of
the people. In the old countries where power
rules, there was no need of excitement. Nut so,
however, in a new and a free cotnt y like this
'Eternal vigilance is the pi ice of l'b-rty " Pul, if
any undue excitement existed, whew did it have Us
origin? He appealed (o 'he country (or me tru'h
of what he said—that it originated in the other end
of the Capitol, where there sat so many troubled
spirits, and so many aspirants after the Presiden-
tial bauble. He would not now go into deta 1; but
could show, if he saw fir, that the Senate was the
cause of the excitement prevailing in Congress As
it was, he hoped that the House would maintain
the dignity and independence which should be pre-
served by the popular branch of the Government.
But whilst he was advocating the propriety of
the compromiie, which was introduced into the
bill upon his motion, there was one officer (a gal-
lant and meritorious man) whom he wished to be
excepted from its operation He alluded to Lieut
Wilkes, who had just returned from the exploring
expedition, in which he spent four years oí ardu-
ous service. This officer bad cime back to his
country rich with the fruits of knowledge acquired,
and his squadron laden wnh the mteresuna results
of the discoveries of an antarc ic clime Yet, not
withstanding all the benefits which his expedition
had brought t*pon the country, there had been no
demonstrations of joy at h s return Lef an Eng
hsh lord or novel wnter but put ins foot upon our
shores, and the wh >!e population arose to do him
homage. Letu. (said Mr. McC ) promo'e this
worthy officer. If that object cannot be accom-
plished in any otner mode, let us make him a post-
captain by the action of Congress
Mr. MARK A. COOPER addressed the com
mittee at some length in opposition to the amend-
ment made to the bill in the S nate He was «>rry
to find the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Adams,] alter a few days so manfully proposing a
vote of resistance to the Senate, now Riving in his
adhesion to that body He thought the gentleman
should have been consistent, and should have dore
the same for the navy which he did for the army.
Mr. C contended that the main object and effect
of these high appropriations for the navy, Were to
create a necessity for increased taxes. The ueople
could not be taxed without a pretext, anl, there-
fore, a great cry was raised in favor of "our gal-
lant navy," in order that appropriations might be
passed He said he should pubiisu and exhibit to
his constituents numerous statistic , sh iwng the
expenditures upon the navy, and •! e way their
taxes went. They were willing to be taxed when
it was necessary, but did not like to o° beguiled
into it by apprehensions of war. He was opposed
to the navy beyond a citaia hmi, and in favor of
administering the Government with as little money
as possible.
Mr. PiLLMORE addressed the committee m
vindication of the pr< pnety of raany items 11 the
bill which had besn objected to during the d bate
After he had concluded,
Mr. C BROWN ob'atned the floor, anl, at the
request of many gentlemen, moved thai ih° com-
mittee rise and report progies% which me ui was
agreed to and carried into effect,
Mr FILLMORE moved ihn it-e Hou ( take up
the army bill, with the Serine's anendrnen s ibeie
to, and that n be refcred 0 the Cj un t tu Ways
and Means
Mr C. JOHNSON mqu r d 1 hf her it v oild
not have to be ref r eJ t > tie Oommi t * cf the
Whole, before iheHoust could'act up n thearaend-
m nts of the Senate
Mr FILLMORE sa d 11 cu' , a t t  ■ * b ei
reported fr m th* Cramui^c ot «""ay atil '" an
The mot on  wis then a-r° d   c, anl
The House sdjoun ed
IN S  NAFE
Friday, June 24, 1842.
The PRESIDEN V p^o tern la <l btf>- " ¡U Sen-
ate a communication from the N v> D pu  m nt,
covering  a report of the  result   oí   expeimen¡ 
made on   the   recent  invention   01 Thomas S.
Easton, and other inventions to prevent the explo-
sion of steam-boiler', made by Professor Waller
R Johdson, who was appom'ed for that turprse
by tne Secretary of the Navy, under a re-solution
of Congress ot the 15 h of April
Oa -no t n t f Mr BAG3Y, toe report was or-
dered is lie on the table, and be printed
Mr TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
a large number of ci'izens of Buffalo, New York,
remonstrating against any reduction ot the army
and navj, they pray that the gallant navy may
be fos'ercd and increased: ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. T. also presented the proceedings and me-
morial adopted at a meeting held in Iowa county,
Wisconsin Territory, by those interested in the lead-
mines. The memorialists state that they <lo not be-
lieve that their interests have been fairly represented
here, or fairly presented to Congress. They ask
that some regulations be made in regaid to these
mineral land , that will do justice to all parties-
ordered to be printed, in connexion with proceed
ingsof pub'te m etims on the same subject
Mr SMITH oí Indiana presented a memorial
«¡imilar to the above, which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, now having
charge of memorials of the same character
Mr McRO BERTS prcented the proceedinas of
a meeting of citizens of the State of Illinois, held
111 Morgan crunty, in which they ask Congress to
aoolnh the franking privilege of member*, except
during the =cssion, and a«k a reduction of all the
expendituit., in all branches of the public seivice,
which was referred to the Committee on Retrench
ment
Mr VOUNG presented additional decuments
ttuching the subject of the lead mines refeired to
the Committee op the Public Lands.
M v -* /VLKER pre ented a memorial from John
McCaughan, setting forth that th're aie lantK of
considerable vMue in the States of Louisiana, Ala-
bama, and Mississippi, and the Territory of Flori-
da, no v r'n 'ered useless in consequence of ihe
flow of tides, and setting forth that it is practicable
to reclaim those lands, he asks the intervention
of Congress for that purpose: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to wn ch had bf en teferred the peti-
tion of Shelton Smith, praying Ihe rennbuisement to
hi n ot a sum of money alleged to have been paid to
the Government tor a tra^t of land, or for another
tract in lieu thereof, asked that that committee be
discharged from the further consideraiioi of tne
subject on t'ie groun 1 that there wis no evidence
that «uch land was purebred or paid fir, or, if
paid for, that power existed in the department to
do justice    The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr LINN, leave was granted to
withdraw the above papers from the files of the
Senate
Mr HENDERSON presented addit.cnal docu-
ments m rela'iou to the claim of A B McVIur-
trie, for lands sold the Government, on wh ch to
erect a hospttn- referred to Ihe Committee on
Claims
Oa motion of Mr. BATES, it was
Ret,ol pA That the secretary of War be directed to inform
tbe Senate when the late supeunten ieiHs of the public armo
riee at sprin^fiei 1 and Harper  Ferry were removed, and
whether successor have been appointed, and if appointed,
when by whom anl in virtue ol what authority,and thepur
poi t oí then commi s ons
Mr 8FRRIEN, rom the Committee on the Jn-
cieary, as7 d th 1 ton commutee might be dis-
chaig'd *nn th fm her consideration of ihe pe-
nt! ¡a ot &> m Van Duser, of the c ty of New
Yo'k praji't-r, to te relieved fiom the liibilny in-
cu re t as s ojr tv on certain custom bouse bonds
Tne -ic     r to <  snha c v as p stp< ned
T c j r t" ih°n r sumid the consideration if
tha <rm td b .si 1 ss en the orders—ban  the
ti 1 in p vi • for ,se =at «faction of Ih cl?i ->•=
<■! «nig u jtr the l4ih and 10th ¡uncles o he
tiea y o' i >anc rg Rabbit creek, concluded n Sep
tember, 1830
The qu stton hcndirg was the proposition of Mr.
Henderson >o stn':„ ' u all the bill af'er the enact-
ing clause, for ¡he purpose of <ub*Utut 11s a bill
draughted by himself, which proposed to allow the
Indian claimants land or «crip, ins ead of money,
for their claims, as proposed in the bill.
Mr HENDERSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the proposiiion to amend, which were  ordered.
Mr. LINN said he would certainly vote to give
lands, instead ol money to those claimant?, if such
was the purpose of the substitute.
Tne question was put, and the substitute was
agreed to—ayes 18, noes 13
Mr MOREHEAD now moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays on
th  motion; which were ordtred, and, the question
being put, resulted m—ay s 19, noes 20.
The ques'ion now being, "Shall the bill be en-
grossed for a third reading?"—
Mr PHELPS said ihe substitute adopted made
the bill an entire new one to that reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and had none of the
guards against frauds. He then opposed its en-
grossment at great length
Mr HENDERSON replied, arguing that the
substitute adopted was such a one only as could do
justice to all parties interested, and that, in good
faith, it had every salutary guard against fraud
Mr TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the substitute was adopted
Mr. HENDERSON demanded the jeas and
nays on the motion, which were ordered, and tbe
question being put, the vote was reconsidered—
yeas 19, nays 15
On motiou of Mr. EVANS, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed till to morrow
The bill to define and establish the fiscal ;ear
of the Treasury of the United Slat's, having been
engrossed, was parsed in the following form
A BILL to define and establish the fiscal year of the Treasury
of the United States
He it enacted &c That on and after the 1st July, A D 1843,
the fiscal year of the Treasury of the United States, in alt mat
ters of accounts receipts, expendientes estimates, and appro
puationi, shall commence on the 1st day of July m each year,
and the report and estimates required to be prepared and laid
before Congress at the commencement of each session by the
Secretary of the Tieasury, in obedience tolhe acts of Congress
of the 2d Septembet 1789 and of May 10th 1801) shallbeare
port and estimates lor each fiscal year, commencing as aforesaid,
and terminating on the 30th day of Junem the succeeding calen
dar year
Sec 2 Andbe.it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
ofthe&ecietary of the Tieasury to submit to Congress, at the
commencement of the next session, hi3 annual repoit of the plate
ol the finances and estimates of appropriations required for the
support of the Goveinment for the half calendar year ending on
the 30th June then next, and separate and distinct estimates lor
the fiscal year ending on the 30th tune 1844, and pstimates for
receipts for said periods respectively and the style and title of
all acts making appropriations for the support of Government
shall beas follows, to wit An act making appropriations (here
insert the object) foi the year ending June 30, (here insutthe
calendar year)
Sec 3 And be it furthei enacted, That the accounts of re
ceipis at dexpenditures requite 1 by law to be published annu
ally, shall, on and after the 1st July, 1843 be prepared and
published for the fiscal >ear, as hereby established, and the
said accounts foi the half calendnr year ending June 30, 1843
shall be prepared and pub >shed, as required by law, separata
and distinct, andalllawsand parts ol laws inconsistent with
the provisions ofthio act aie heieby lepealed
Sec 4 And be it further enacted, That the annual state
mentsof the commerce and navigation of the U nted States,
requned by law to be submitted to Congress on the first Mon
day of December annually shall be prepared and published
for each fiscal year as hereby established and the said stale
ments for the last quaiter ot the next calendar year, and the
two fir3t quarters of the year 1843 ending on the 30th of June,
1843 shiil be preparen and published, agreaably totlia pio
visions of law, aparate and distinct
The joint resolution for the relief of Ferdinand
Petlnch, having been engrossed and explained by
Mr KING, was read the third time and passed
The bill for ihe relief of ihe heirs of Daniel Pet-
ttbnne havirg b en returned from the House with
an amendment restricting ts provisions,
Mr PRESTON mov d that the Sena'e concur
in the at' tn Iment
Mr GR4HAM v ished ti examine the b 11, and
it was informally pfssed over till to-morrow       (
I                   THE LITTLE TARIFF BILL.
On mo ion of M-. EVANS, the S nate resumed,
a in committee of ihe wholt, ihe consid-ration of
i! e bi 1 >u extend, for a limited period, the present
la is for laying and col ectiog dunes on imports
1 he ques ion pending was in  proposition of Mr
Evans to strike oui the proviso in Ihe bill, and m-
serf ihe following as a substi'ute
That the distribution of the proceeds of the pnhhc land 
auth nzed and directed by the act of Congress passed the 4th of
September, 1841 entitled 'An act to appttpnate the proceeds
of the salesof the pub ic lands, and to grant pre emption rights
shall be, and the same is hereby, suspended and postponed un i
