676
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
th  1st day of August, 1842, and the said act of the 4th. Septem
fcer, 1841, shall be no otherwise or further affected or modified,
than merely to postpone to the said 1st day of August next the
distribution of the said proceeds directed by that at,t to be made
on the 1st day of July, 1842, anything contained in this act, or
the said act of the 4th of September, 1841, to the contrary, not
withstanding "
Mr RIVES addressed the Senate for upwards
of three hours, in a speech of great power and
interest, the following sketch being a mere outline
of «ome of his leading points of argument.
He remarked, at the outset, that, m regird to
the first part of the proviso, [the suspension of the
distribution act,] and the temporary measure now
proposed, [ he little tariff bill,] be could not help
deploring the delay of action on the part of Con-
gress which had made the necessity for bringing
them forward It was matter of regret to him,
and, he might safely say, to the whole country, that
the adjustment of the whole tariff question had
been so long protracted. He did not presume to
say why some general and permanent measure
had not been brought forward m the early part of
the session, or who was m fault for the omission.
It was sufficient lo know that no such measure
could now be matured in time to go into operation
immediately after the 30th of this month, when
the duties under the compromise act must come
down to 20 per cent. He was aware that the ne-
cessities of the Government required more means
than that rate of duty would supply. But the
same thing was equally well knonn at the time the
distribution act was passed, and in lull view of the
iact that much more than 20 per cent, of duties
would be required after the 30th of June, 1842,
the clause in that act restoring the land tund in
case of such contingency was introduced and relied
upon by tho e Senators whose voles were based
on that compact, and but for which the act never
could have been passed Now the contingency
was at hand, and he was tor carrying out that
clause in good faith
He was perfectly willing to assent to a tempora-
ry conlipuance of ti e laws imposing a higher ta e
of duly than 20 per cent, as contemplated by the
first part of the bill.    Eut while he was willing to
give his assent to this, hé held that it mus.t be taken
wnh the Tegular, legal, and pre-ordained conse
quences contemplated by the existing state of ihe
distribution law     By a measure of the last session
oí Congress, which received as solemn and delíbr-
ate a consideration as any subject ever brought be-
iore them, it was solemnly declara! that, it at any
time during  the existence of the distribution ac,
the rate of duties should exceed 20 per centum,
from lhat moment the distribution of the fales of
the proceeds, of the public lands shall cease, and
continue suspended so long as the cause of suspen-
sion existed.    He did not believe that it was con-
tended gravely that the rate of duty contemplated
by this measure now before them would not exceed
20 per cent   on many articles, but not on all
Then they were entitled to claim—and he did claim,
foi himself and his country—a strict and faithful
compliance with Ihe stipulations contained in that
act      It was strong m the recollection ot Senators,
that the 20 per cent proviso was «auctioned by the
leading  fuends of distribution themselves     The
proviso was ratified in  boih Hous°s, and it was
conceded on all tides th-it it should be a vita), m-
tegial, and essential part of the rlistubrtion law
With  regard to  the amend-fit of (he  Senitor
from Maine, f'dr Evans,] it simply postponed the
distubuli m unlit the 1st of August, at which  time
t nas proposed to lake place, anything w the dis
tnbulion la v, tr any other law, to the contrary not
withstanding    But no man hpd admitted that they
had (he constitutional power to distribute money, if
they had to rat e it by taxation, and yet all ihese
principles must be trampled on, to grasp at distribu-
tion as a practical measure1    Nor had  any ma-i
admitted that ihey aad a right to distribute, except
m case of a surplus     This was  ihe language of
Mr Claj in 1833, and ihe larigu j,e of ill ¡h  ad
vocates of d stnb men, (rom that tm>c lo   i„ re
cent re wA t fine measure, v he i distribu ,n was
contended for in ihe «m-le principle  tiia* by "a
duty of 20 per cent on luxuries," m ths fashirna
bi« language of the day, there would be more than
a sufficiency of mean  for Ihe support of the Gov-
ernment} and, therefore, the proceeds of the public
lands could be distributed among the indebted
States. Bat there was now no surplus—nobody
dreamed of one, and jet a distribution was con-
templated and insisted on by Senators, notwith-
standing the impoveiished state of the treasury,
and the difficulty of negotiating loans to carry on
the Government.
Fifteen millions of dollars in revenue was all
that could be got, under existing laws, from cus-
toms. Twenty seven millions was the least sum
required, according to the estimate of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House But where was the balance oí twe'vs
millions to be got i Upon credit' The mt st thrift-
less resource ever thought of, even by ihe prodigal
son' He showed that little dependence was to be
placed on loans. Out of all the loan bills of the
extra se's on and this session, oi ly a million and a
htilf had been obtained since the last act passed,
and that, at the sacrifice of national credit—mnely-
seveu and a half per cent., he understood from rumor,
being iho rate at which that pittance was obtained.
How much money was likely to be in the treasury
on the 1st of August' Wnen ths navy appropri-
ation bill, the army appropriation bill, &e , will
have been thirty days in force, bow much money
will be left in the treasury ? Hov, then, is tho
money to be got, which this proviso says hall be
distributed to the States on the l<t of August, in-
stead of the 1st of July ? Did gent emen mean to
bom w u ? and, if they did, of whom, and at what
sacrifice of national honor and national credit?
And was this to be done in spite of the want of
constitutional power to borrow money for distribu-
tion, admitted by every one? No man has, huh
erto, even dared to propose a dtstnbu ion, un!e«s
from a surplus. When the Senator from Ken-
tucky (Mr. Clay) made his celebrated report m
favor of distribution, it was on the gtound ihat the
treasury was then bowei' down by the wtisht of
surplus revenue, which it was necess?ry to g°t rid
of JN iw, the piopositton is to distribute from an
exhausted treasury, \thch can have no surplus,
un'ess created by borro Ted money.
Nothing, hf conreived, was so u teily indefensi-
ble as ihe assumption that ihe public lands are the
pitperly of the Stales, and not of the United States
Th s he argued at great length, in opposition to the
heretofore expressed views of the Senator from-In-
d ana, [Mr. FmithJ and o hers.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana interposed lo explain
that, as the Senator appeared to refer lo him as au-
thority for the posiiion that it was contended by the
friends of distribution that all the lands called pub-
lic lands belonged to the Sta es, whether covered
by the deeds of cession or not, he desired, so far
as related to himself, lo correct the Sena'or He
had never so contendí d His position, as would
be *et n by his public speeches, was, that ihe pro-
ceeds o' the lands covered by the d^eds of cession,
alter the objects of the ce $ion had been accom-
plished, Bete due to the S(Te<, but, as io ihe lands
noi covered hy those deeds, they were subject to the
liisposui of Congress, at %'t discretion, as was deel ired
n f>e Constitution, and contended for b> General
J°cksoi, the head of ths D rr>ocratc party He
hoped he was und rstood, «pd he would not furth r
mtenupt the Senator
Mr RIVES resumed He understood the Sena-
tor to say tl.a', after the accomplishment of certd'n
purpo pN the priceetls of the ceded lards belonged
io ihr Staie-t [Mr S nodded assent ] He quoted
lb > aeed of cession, with a view of sho  ing that the
¡angu,ge was perfectly justified by the condi ion of
i'lianre which held Ihe States toge her it ihat time
Ther<  was to be a common treasury, to vhicn he
Siaies weie to contribute. How, (hen, cou'd that
corr pact evei be carried out, but by bringing the pro-
ceeds into the common fund, to be arpl ed to ihe
c mmon clffeiice^
This he expat aud upon at hrse, an 1 quoted th 
drcia-ation of Maryland—no  brr neV forwar 1 hy ¡
h ia for the fi>t time, having aec dtntal'j d stv- I
err-d it m the <t ch íes of Virginia Aft i qi otin 
co'trnporanecu  pv diace nam vanous auinonties
m support of his yews, Mr R. deduced that, what-
ever may be Mr. Clay's views now, when he first
advocated distnbulion, and for many }ears, he
never broached the ide<t of anything beyond distri-
bution  from   an    Inconvenient   surplus   in   the
treasury.
Reverting to ihe subject's of revenue and na-
tional credit, he maintained that the only way to
resusciia'e both was to restore the basis of
national credit—the public domain. He repudi-
ated the idea that, by any form of tariff, a perma-
nent revenue of twenty^seven millions can be
raised from imports. He showed that, in a recent
instance, as acknowledged by Sir Robeit Peel, a
horizontal duty of 5 per cent added lo ceriain im-
ports in England, instead of raising £2 000,000, as
expected, produced only ¿£200,000— a mere tithe of
the anticipated benefit. If twenty seven millions of
dollars must be raised in this country to supply the
annual wantsof the Government for years to come,
it must be either by direct taxes in part, or by
loans. Would the people submit to direct taxa-
tion by the General Government for distribution,
or the repayment of loans distnbu'ed? How, then,
was this abrogation of the good faith pledged m the
suspension clause of the distribution act, to be jus-
tified in such a condition of things'! Did gentle-
men really expect by any tariff to raise twenty-
sevui millions of dollars annually from the im-
ports of this country? Did they make no allow-
ances for the stiirulus to contraband trade? If
they make the attempt, they will be "headed" by
"Captain Smugglei " It must at last come to di-
rect taxation, and then the people would feel ihe
policy of such legislation in every fibre of their
bodies and every pulse of their hearts.
He most respectfully called upon his friends to
pause in tl eir career—to corsider well the results
of a course so delusive—and to ask themselves if
the safest policy was not the maintenance of their
obligations He asked not one tutle beyond their
compact, but he claimed the fulfilment of their
bond.
M„ CRITTENDEN observed that the circum-
stances which called for the passage of this bill at
all, were of such urgent nature as to preclule the
delay which would be occasioned by a lengthened
discussion. It waí- only in that View he could re-
gret the loss of tim , tccasioned by the very elo-
quent dissertation of the Senator from Virginia,
on such a variety of subjects, for he could hardly
have thought it necessary to waste so much learn-
ing, research, and eloquence, on a little temporary
bill, the existence of which would be but one
month.
The only refutation he thought necessary to
offer to the Senator's arguments, was a reference
to his own speeches, he would, if time permitted,
only ask to oppose the Senator to himself. He would
set up his vote in favor of the distribution bill of
last session, as a complete answer to his arguments
to day
Mr. RIVES reminded the Senator from Ken-
tucky that he had been induced to vote for that
measure by the solemn st pulation of the suspen-
se chuse His arguments to-day were m favor
ot carrying out the provisions of tha bill in good
fpith.
Mr CRITTENDEN said that was only a small
Pí* t cf the bill, and did not affect th  main princi-
ple of distribution, and d d not the Senator vote for
that distnbut.on at a time he knew there was no
surplus in the treasury, and there was no prospect
lhat there would be? What, then, became of his
argument that it was no  con tituttonal to distr bute
anyth na but surplus? But the gentleman says it
is not const! utio a! to distribute revenue or loans;
yet he voted for the twelve million loan of last ses-
sion, to supply the treasury w hich was to disburse
this distribution, and also voled for the distribu-
tion itself Now, if no addi íonal tariff was im-
posed, would n< t the distribution go on from mo-
rev n the treasury, ard would ihe Senator say he
dif1 not know vh nee that money was to be ob-
tain't? Ye', Tith these reeollec ions fresh in the
nip'1- of all presput, they had heard the reiterated
d'gn cents, and denunciations of the Senator, as if
he was not a participator Surely the Senator
would not =hd cr himself under the declaration
lhat be did not know the condition of the treasury
when he gave such votes; and he was certain he
would not state that he meant to mock the States,
