678
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the rck ot distribution, such a revenue bill as
ought to be sa isfactory to all interests will become
a law before the close of the present session. But
I confess I fear the result I now say, in my place,
that all these great interests are to be perilled by
■connecting them with this miserable scheme of
rlistnbu ion It seems to be the determination
«hat they shall rise or fall together; and that the
treasury shall become bankrupt, and the labor of
the country shall lose all inciden'al protection, un-
less my Whig friends can obtain the proceeds of
ihe public lands for the States. They have, in
effect, resolved that no adequate revenue shall be
provided for the country—no incidental protection
beyond a duty of 20 per cent shall be afforded to
manufacture?, unless at the same time they can
repeal that clause in their own favorite law, which
suspends the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands when duties shall be raised above
twenty per cent I now entertain serious appre-
hensions whether any satisfactory revenue law
will pass at the present session In that un-
fortunate event, how can Senators justify their con-
duct to their constituent? Will it be any answer
for them to say, we would not provide for the
wants of the treasury, and afford incidental pro-
tection to the great interests of the country, be-
cause we could not, in the same bill, obtain the dis-
tribution of the proceed of the public lands?
And, after all, about what are we contending ?
The receipts from the public lands during the
first six months ot the present year will amount to
about $400,000, according to the statement of the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury ]
The expenses to be deducted from this sum, under
the provisions of the distribution law itself, and
the per centage to the new States, will reduce the
ameunt to about $260 000 , but, to give a broad
margin I shall say $300,000 The share -of the
State of Pennsylvania would then be about
$30,000 And for this comparatively paltry and
pitiful sum, would yon jeopard the great interests
of the country and d^troy its prosperity? I have
been amazed beyond expression while witnessing
the pertinacious obstinacy with wh ch Senators
hold on to ihe land distribution—and that, too, at a
time when the ordinary revenue of the year will
fall short of its ordinary expenditures at least "even
millions of dollars, and when there is an exis'ing
national debt of more than twenty millions. They
not only insist upon giving away what they have
not got to give, but, unless they are permitted to
do so, that every interest of the country must be
paialyzed, rather than that ihey should yield. Such
a spectacle, I venture to say, was never before
presented in the legislation of any Government
In debt for the past, and without the means of
meeting our current expenses, we are struggling to
give away a few hundred thousand dollars which
we have received from the public lands.
What connexion necessarily exists between the
two subjects? Why not separate them? Let us
have one revenue bill, and another bill to repeal
thp proviso contained in the 6th section of the dis-
tribution law. Then we can each act freely, fairly,
and independently.
They claim to be great friends of domestic man-
ufactures, but how do they manifest their fnend-
sh p?   Suppose they can succeed in passing a rev-
enue law, with the distribution clause  annexed  to
it- what will be consequence?   That which  the
manufacturing interest ought most to wish for, is a
permanent, fixed  arrangement of the tariff    The
manutacturers oughf to know on what they may
depend, and then they wi'l make their business con
form to it    Changes in the revenue law , from
year to year, make their business a lottery—and a
lottery which has mined thousands    Permanency
—permanency is  v,hat they ought most to desire,
and what they do most des re    But can any per-
son for a moment suppose that any tariff law will
be permanent which contains a clause for distribu
tion?   Toe moment the party which has ever been
opposed to squandering away the land fund, that
they consider a sacred fund for the defence of the
country, shall obtain power, the question will again
be agiuueu; this fund wul be restored to the Gen-
eral Qoyeíament, and a new adjustment of the
tariff must be made    This will be the inevitable
consequence.
The subject of domestic manufactures will thus
ccn'mue to be involved in the party politico
of the country—an event more to be deprecated by
its friends than any other result Never was there
a more propitious time than the pres°nt moment
for settling this great interest upon fixed and per-
manent foundations: and never was it in greater
danger, from its forced and unnatural connexion
with land distribution.
My opinion, in regard to the true construction of
the amendment of the Senator from Maine, re-
mams as it was yesterday. It is, I thmk, too clear
for argument, that it is not a general, but merely a
temporary repeal, for one month, of the proviso to
the sixth section of the distribution law If the
construction of my friend from ¡Mississippi [Mr.
Walker] were correct, we ought all to rejoice If
he will prove that this amendment is an absolute
and perpetual repeal of the proviso,—by the very
same arguments, I will establish that it is a repeal,
not merely of the proviso, but of the whole distri-
bution law, of which it i¡  but a pari, and thus we
shall get clear of the law itself in. the easiest possi-
ble manner. The amendment of the Senator from
Maine is not so bad as the clause proposed to be
stricken out, simply because it postpones the pay-
ment one month longer, aud, in the present state of
the treasury, if I vote at all, I shall vote in us fa-
vor I need scarcely say that I am opposed to both,
and, whether the one or the other be adopted, I
shall vote for striking it from the bill.
Mr. ARCHER considered that one great issue
was overlooked—that the whole revenue of the
United States would c ase io exist after the 30lh of
June, as triumphantly proved by the arguments of
the Senator from Connecticut yesterday Would
the Senator leave the Government without the
means of being carried on, and refuse to pass this
bill?
[Mr Buchanan, from his ¡.eat, said, Then strike
out the proviso ]
He would answer the Senator by saying he
would readily do that, if it was m his power.
Sooner than not provide revenue, he would assu-
redly strike it out. He could not, under any con-
tingency, allow this Government to fall into disso-
lution, deprived of the proper means to carry
it on.
His own conviction was, that this distribution
should not have been introduced in this bill at all.
But if the House will play this game of pertinacity,
it shall play it without his participation. He
would vote for this proviso, because he could not
control the measuie, by wholly excluding the sub-
ject from this indispensable revenue bill. A power
which he could not control, forced these subjects
on him, and he was biund to take both, or reject
both.    He should, therefore, take both
Mr. KERR remarked that he was bound by no
suppose! compromise or agreement in relation to
this subject; and heartily approving of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, he would give to
it his support.
Mr. ARCiIfcR observed that he had risen to
make a correction The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania had said he understood circulars had been
issued by the Secretary of the Treasury, stating
the manner in which the duty wa^ to be collected
He had just learned that the circulars issued by
the Secretary of the Treasury were the very re-
verse—to say that he could give no directions,
having referred the matter to tne Attorney Gen-
eral, who had not yet returned his answer
Mr. BUCHANAN said the Attorney General's
answer had been returned
Mr ARCHER sai 1 h  bad not heard of it He
then made some further explanations
Me<srs. BUCHANAN and WALKER showed
that the law of March, 1833, (the compromise act,)
taken in connexion with the law of 1832 and sub-
sequent laws reeegmsmg the limitation ot 20 per
cnt contained in the compromise aei, left no pos-
sible doubt that the revenue could be collected
after the 30th of June, 1842; and that, therefore,
there was nothing in the objections urged by the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr Huntingt n,] and
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Archer,] that the
Government would be left without revenue if this
bill was not passed
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not see how the addi-
tion for home valuation, supposed to be in the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury to make,
could be collected in addition lo the 20 percent, of
the compromise act, which expressly says that no
more than 20 per cent shall be collected. He
went at targe into the subject of home valuation,
with a view of showing that, without further expo-
sition of law, it was impracticable to collect more
than 20 per c nt under any form, even if no doubt
existed that 20 per cent, could be collected.
The question being on the proposition of Mr.
Evans to strike out the proviso in the bill, and to
insert his modification of it—
Mr. PRESTON called for a division of the
question, so as to have the vote taken first on
striking out the proviso.
The CHAIR ruled that the question to strike
out and insert was indivisible; and read from page
170 of the rules in support of bis decision.
Mr PRESTON desired very much to have the
question separated, but as that could not be done,
he had but a few words to say. He understood
the operation of the bill lo be, to raise revenue, and
at the "ame time to distribute money from the na-
tional treasury to the States. This was unwise
legislation It seemed to him that it was inexpe-
dient to leave the question of distribution open in
the manner intended, as it would embarrass the
action of Congress on the most important question
of the session—the adjustment of the tariff.
Mr EVANS demanded the yeas and nays on
his proposition, which were ordered; and the ques-
tion being put, it lesulted in the affirmative—yeas
23, nays 18, as follows.
YEA.S—Me=srs Archei, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton Conrad Crafts, Crittenden Evans Graham, Hen-
derson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller Morehead, Porter,
Snninuns, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, Woodbridge
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Berrien, Cuthbert, Fulton,
King Lmp, McRoberts, Preston Rives, Smith of Connec
ticut Sturgeon Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wught,
and Young—18
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and the
question being on concurring with the amendments
ot the committee of the whole—
Mr. KING said he wanted to test the sense of
the Senate whether they would have any proviso
in the bill or noi, he moved to strike out the pro-
viso, as amended
Mr GRAHAM thought the question should be
first taken on concurring with the committee of the
whole in its amendments.
The CHAIR decided that this would be the pro-
per course of proceeding.
Mr WRIGHT moved to amend the proviso, to
the same effect as was proposed by Mr. Buchanan
when the bill was in committee of the whole, viz.
to strike out all after ' 1842" in the proviso, as fol-
lows-
' And the and act of the 4th September, 1841, (the distribution
act) shall be no otherwise or further affected or modified, than
merely to postpone to the <m 11st day of August next the dis
tnbutton ol the said proceeds directed by that act to be made
on the 1st day of July, 184<>, anything contained in this act,
or the said act of the 4lh Septembei, 1841, to the contrary, not
withstanding"                                                   "
Mr. W demanded the yeas and nays on striking
out, which were ordered, and the question being
put it was decided in the negative—yeas 19, nays
22, as follows:
Y^AS-Wessrs Allen, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Henderson, King Linn McRoberts Rives Smith of
Connecticut Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury,
Wright   and Young—19                                             Ji
NAVS-Messrs Archer, Barrow Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Uiyton Conrad, Ciafts, Crittenden, Evans Graham, Hun-
tin-ton Kerr, Mangum, Miller Morehead Porter, Simmons,
binith of Indiana, Tallmadge White, and Woodbridge—22
The question was then put on concurring in the
amendments of the committee of the whole, and
tne Senate concurred
Mr KING (it now being in order) moved to
s'rik? out the whole proviso to ths bill, as amended
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nays'
which were ordered, and, the question being put',
it was decided in the negative—yeas 21, nays 31,
as follow*
nTñA&~^ss'3Tí',1jn' A,cher> Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
Cuthbert Fulton Henderán, King Linn, McRoberts, Preston
Rives Smith of Cmnecticut Sturgeon Tappan, Walker, WU.
cox, Woodbury, Wright, and Young-21
