680
A bill gmng Catharine Lehman the benefit of
the dct ot 7 n July, 1838.
A bill giving Silly Pratt the benefit of the act of
7th July, 1838
A bill for the relief of Wm. Slocum.
A bill for Ihe relief of John E. Wright.
A bill for the relief of P. B. DeBellerue.
A bui ror the relief of Wm. Glover.
A bill granting a peniion to Jeremiah Kimball.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin. C. Roberts.
A bill for the relief of Thomas D Gibson.
A bill for the relief of Eli Wheat and Stephen
White.
A bill for the relief of James Seaburne,
A bill for the relief of John B Pierce.
A bill for the relief of John Core.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Josia-. Thompson.
A bill for the rel et of Charles F. Sibbard.
A bill for the relief of Elliot Smith and Nathan
Pdrnsworth
A bill for the relief of Henry Lee.
A bill for the relief of George H. Walker.
A bill to compénsate the township of Dublin, in
Mercer county, Ohio, for the loss of school lands.
A bill for tie relief of James L. May.
A hill for the relief of Robert Davis.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Major General Baron DeKalb, deceased
The bill for the relief of Hugh Stewart was
negatived—ayes 70, noes 78.
On motion by Mr. COWEN, the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole, (Mr
John C Clark in the chair,) for the purpose of
taking up the private calendar, and acted on the fol-
lowing bills, which were severa'ly laid aside to be
reported.
The bill for the relief of the president, directors,
and company of the Agricultural Bank of Missis-
sippi
ihe bill to confirm the title of James Journey
in his claim to a tract of land; and
The bill to confirm Elizabeth Butriss, her heirs
or assigns in their claim to a tract of land.
The bill lor the relief of James C. Watson, of
the State of Georgia, was called; when
Mr. ADAMS objected to its consideration. He
did not wish the House to become a party to the
slave-trade.
[The bill is to refund certain moneys paid by
him for the purchase of slaves in Florida, taken
from the Seminóles, which the Government after-
wards took from him, and restored to the Indians,
and
This being the day on which, under the roles,
private bills are to be considered without debate,
ihe objection of any member was sufficient to
cause a bill to be laid aside ]
Mr. CARUTHERS asked leave to say a few
words in explanation. He was satisfied, if per-
mitted to do so, that he could remove the objec-
tions of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr ADAMS and others objected.
The next bill coming up was called, when
Mr. COOPER of Georgia objected, and said that
he would object to every bill that came up, till the
objection was withdrawn to the bill for the relief of
James C. Watson It was as just a'claim as ever
was presented.
[Cries of "Order' order!"]
Mr. BLACK said that he would also make the
same objections.
Mr. COOPER then said that if'he Home would
permit ihe gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Ca-
mütheSj] to make a short explanation, he would
withdraw his oojections
[Criesof "Order! order'—no bargains."]
Mr PROFP1T moved that the committee rise;
and, on putting the question, there appeared to be
—ayes 57, noes 48
No quorum voting, the committee rose, and the
chairman reported the Ihree bills above mentioned
Mr. ADAMS rose to a question ot order. He
understood that three billa were reported, and it
was not competent for the committee to report bills
when there was not a quorum.
Mr. JOHN C. CLARK, ihe chairman, said that
w was through inadvertence that the bills were re-
potted.   He now begged leave to amend bis le-
oo^OiffissieyA^ globe,
port, by stating the fact iha> there was no quotum
present
Mr. ADAMS moved a call of the House.
The moiion for a call o' the House wa« ca.ned
—ayes 105, noes 47 Subsequently, however,
the call was dispensed with.
The House then again resol ved melf into a
Committee of the Whole House (Mr J. C. Clark
m the chair )
Mr. UNDERWOOD said it was evident, from
the temper of the committee when it ro?e, that no
business could be transacted. He therefore hoped
the committee would rise.
A number of bills were read by their tit'es,
to which Mr. COOPER of Georgia objected;
and they were severally laid aside.
Mi. McKENNAN said he heped the reporters
would mention who objected to all these bills
Mr. M. A COOPER I will report it myself,
if the gentleman desires it.
Here considerable conversation on poinis of or-
der took place Between Messrs G DAVIS, TAL-
IAFERRO, UNDERWOOD, and JAMES.
The Clerk then proceeded with the calendar, to
several of the bills on which Mr. COOPER object-
ed
When the bill to provide for the payment of the
Georgia militia came up, Mr COOPER asked that
its title might be read again, whereupon, a number
of members objected to it.
Some of the objections having been withdrawn,
the calendar was proceeded with until the Clerk
reached the end The several bills, with the ex-
ception of that for the payment of the Georgia mi-
litia, were objected to by Mr. COOPER This bill
was objected to by Mr FLOYD of New York.
Mr. EVERETT then moved that the committee
rise, and report the fact to the House, that they had
gone through their calendar, and the bills thereon
were objected to.   This motion was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and Mr. J. C CLARK
reported three bills which had been acted on, also,
he said he was directed specially to report that the
remaining bills upon the calendar had been object-
ed to by a gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia said he hoped the
chairman would add, "and a gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts "
The SPEAKER having stated to the Hou*e the
report made from the Committee oí the Whole
House, as delivered by its chairman,
Mr. COOPER of Georgia rose and demanded
to know of the Chairman whether he had been in-
structed to make the report which he had made?
Mr. BLACK lrquired whether it was in order
to object to the report as not setting forth the true
state of facts?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
would be in order when the report came to be acted
on m the House.
Mr BLACK said his object was to have a true
statement of facts m the report.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
whole report would not go on the journal.
Mr BLACK r< se to a question of order He
objected to the reception oí the report, because it
did not give a true representation of facts. He
understood that one bill was not objected t< —that
for the payment of the Georgia militia—by his col-
league, whereas, the chairman had reported that
all the bills were objected to by that gentleman.
Mr. COOPER (interrupting his colleague) «aid
he would state the facts as they occurred After
the objection of the gentkman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams] to Gen. Watson's claim, on the
ground that it was for money paid for slaves, he
had notified the committee he (Mr. C) would ob-
ject to the whole calendar. When t^e Georgia
claim was called, he asked the Chair to read it
again He did so. At this time many persons
objected to it. He (Mr. Coopek) made no objec-
tiun at the time, other than was implied in h\t pre-
«lews pledge to object to the whole calendar The
gemleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. James] said
he withdrew his objection That he (Mr Cooper)
then said he withdrew all objection, also That the
objection here referred to was none other than that
implied from his standing pledge to object to all,
which the committee had refused to recognise, but
----------------                                     ''■'.'■•■■    . ""¡fr
which, to make the mauer plain, he thought best
to withdraw, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
hid withdrawn his. Mr. Cooper said he bad
made no specific objection to the Georgia claim,
and no gentleman could dare say he had.
Mr BLACK asked if it was in order to move
an amendment to the report
Trie SPEAKER said no: that was only in the
power of the committee.
Mr. BLACK asked if it was in order to reject
the report.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
could not be done now.
Mr BLACK asked if it would be in order when
the bills on ihe calendar came up.
The SPEAKER said yes.
Mr C. JOHNSON then moved that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole upon
the state of the Union.
Mr ARNOLD rose t9 a question of order. He
rramtained that it was incompetent for the Com-
mittee of the Whole House to rise until the calen-
dar was completely acted on.
Tne SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
and said that the committee could rise at any mo-
ment.
Mr. ARNOLD then moved (hat the House go
into a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. ADAMS said he understood that the report
of the committee would go upon the journal. He
wished to know whether the fact in relation to the
objections raised by the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr Cooper] to the bills on the calendar would
not also be entered?
The SPEAKER was understood to say no; be-
cause it was a fact on which the House could not
take action.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from the decision of the
Chair. It was, he contended, competent for the
House to pass a vote of censure on any member
who had abased his privileges like the gentleman
iron. Georgia, [Mr. Cooper ]
Mr. BLACK made a remark not heard.
The CHAIR made a decision not distinctly
heard, but believed to be a reversal of his former
decision that the whole report made by the chair-
man of the committee [Mr. J. C. Clark] woald
not go on the journal.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina rose to a
question of order. He said the only report that
could have been properly made by the Committee
of the Whsle House was, that they had had seve-
ral bills under consideration, and had come to no
conclusion thereon
The SPEAKER said it was not for him to say.
The committee had a right to report what they
Mr. MARK A. COOPER wished to make an
explanation.
The SPEAKER derided that ail the conversa-
tion was out of order. A motion by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] was pending to go
into Committee ct ihe Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr MARK A. COOPER said he called upon
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clare,]
who was chairman of the Committee of the Whole
House, for an answer to his question. He asked
that gentleman if the commute.; had authorized
hin to report that objections had beer, made to the
bil s on (he private calendar by "a gentleman from
Get rgip."
A"i JAMES objected to any remarks.
"" r COOPER again called for an answer. He
thoi ghl he had a right to it
lie SPEAKER said it would not be in order.
Mi COOPER Is the chairman of the commit-
tee o abuse his privileges in this way?
Mr BLACK w shed to take an appeal from one
of ihe decision's of the Chair.
Ti c SPEAKER sa á a would not be in order
now, bat would be when the subject came up
ag'iii.
Tie question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr C. Johnson to go isto Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and decided in
the affirmative.
The House then resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the union, (M>.
