CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            Ul
tf u     . U.' .   '■.'•     ' '.K.iu*....r u.-u   j i ni-.-" .  ■     ..-.mi..,—             ,                                                     •                                 ,,..,,.,     ,      ...    ...        ,„    ,   „        , L     ,...       ■      ..      ,_-
McKbnnan in the chair.)  The business before the
•    committee, when it last rose, was the bill imposing
duties on imports.
.Mr. FILLMORE appealed  to  the gentlejflian
from Maryland, who had the floor upon theitariff
bill, to allow the navy bill to be taken up. '
.   Mr. KENNEDY assented.          I
The House then took up the n|vy bill, which
was under consideration yesterday, i
Mr. C. BROWN, who was emitted Jo the floor,
said he should speak to the House, «n^, whenever
he found no quorum present, should $t#P> and move
that the committee rise. He said^tettempts had
been made to show that the House had made a se-
rious attack upon the navy. If the newspapers
were to be believed, the House had almost destroyed
that braach of the public service. He had traced
these attacks to interested sources. One paper
which had attacked the House for its action on the
navy bill, was edited by a chaplain in the navy,
who drew a salary of $1,300 a year for preaching
to the seamen. This was a paper which denounced
Mm, and proposed that the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Meriwether] should be called an execu-
tioner. He referred to articles published in the
papers, through the agency of the navy agent at
Philadelphia, who was interested in iaving large
sums appropriated for outfits, in order that his sal-
ary might be increased thereby. The articles were
written, he bad no doubt, by a lawyer who had ac-
cess to the department.
He came from a place where there was a navy-
yard, and where appropriations would be felt.
Though some of his constituents might be injured,
he was compelled, by a sense of duty, to vote
against the very large appropriations recommended.
He referred to the large appropriations made in
past years towards the navy. This year he thought
the appropriations were liberal, and certainly great-
ly increased from what they were in past years.
Formerly, when the treasury was full, not near so
much was appropriated as at present, when it was
empty.
It was not yet too late for the House to inter-
pose; for the Secretary had not put all the vessels
which he proposed afloat. If the Secretary bad
really put the vessels in commission, if he had en-
listed the seamen, if he had purchased the materiel
neeessary for keeping them afloat,—he (Mr. B.)
would be willing to maks up the amount by ap-
propriations. He would not say they should dis-
miss their seamen—he would not repudiate any
debts that might have been contracted; but, having
the means in hand, to say so many vessels shall
not be put into commission—so much money shall
not be expended,—it was their duty to tell the Sec-
retary to let the vessels be where they are.
He found among the estimates two ships-of-the-
line to be in commission; but he had not been able
to find more than one ship of-the-line in commis-
sion. Both ships, however, were put down at an
equal sum—showing, thereby, that both were in-
tended for full service. He likewise found in the
estimates nineteen sloops-of-war; bat he believed
they had only sixteen ready, ©r intended for sea.
But, further, he found estimates for eight small ves-
sels; yet he could find no such vessels on the regis-
ter, nor could he learn their names. It had been
intimated to him that they were to be built; but be
that as it might, if they were built, he desired to
know where they were; for what service they were
intended, and whither they were going. He did
not think it necessary to keep ships of war at tea
in time of peace, or vessels larger than a frigate,
which would protect our commerce just as well as
a seventy-four: and that was the only view they
could take of a navy in time of peace. He knew
it was gratifying to our commanders to tread the
deck of a seventy-four in a foreign port, and by
some it was deemed an evidence of our national
glory. Bat that national glory might be purchased
too dearly; and he believed it would be found out,
wherever it was necessary that it should be known,
from smaller vessels.                  .
Nor was he friendly to the large steamers. I he
little Sea Gull, he believed, did more m putting
down piracy in the West Indies, than all the others
together; and if they had a few such small steara-
«% they -would answer for our coast, and would
also supply the place of our West India tquadi on.
He was opposed to large squadrons to gratify the
pride of our officers, or of those who desired to
hear of our ravy riding in other pons. This was
no time to tax our people to gratify pride; it was
sufficient to tax them for the support of the Gov-
ernment. But if war was to come, he would vote
any sum that would be requisite. This, however,
was a time of peace; and if at such a time, and
with an empty treasury, the Government should
take the responsibility of expending money which
they did not possess, he (Mr. Brown) would not
aid them in squandering that which must come so
hardly from the people.
The question then resolved itself into this: would
they put those vessels afloat? If they did, they
must find the means to maintain them afloat. They
had the means now, if they deemed it unnecessary
to put them afloat, to refuse the appropriations; for
the Secretary had means sufficient to keep afloat
all vessels that it was necessary should be afloat.
A gentleman connected with the navy told him that
the Congress frigate bad been since last March un-
able to get to sea; and there were others also ready.
But would they go—six months of the year having
elapsed? He knew not of any attack on our navy,
or our commerce, that required their guard to be
strengthened; nor did he see anything in the aspect
of the couniry to render it necessary; and the idea
that they were to get up a navy to compete with
that of Great Britain, was chimerical.
But there was another source of expense that
was about to be cut off The exploring expedition,
which he presumed was estimated tor, was coming
home. There might be some repairs necessary,
but htf supposed they would not again be put into
commission. The Secretary, then, could easily
protect our commerce, and bring down the expen-
ditures to what they had bean in previous jeais;
for, with a balance in hand, he would have
$2,951,000; while he (Mr. B.) could not find any-
where that more than $2,500,000 bad been ex-
pended.
The honorable gentleman was here interrupted
by the appearance of John Tyler, es-q , private
secretary to the President, below the bar, with a
message, which he delivered to the Speaker. There
was great anxiety visible through the House, occa-
sioned by the anticipation that the message might
be the President's objections to the districting pro-
vision of the apportionment bill, which rumor has
said may be expected.
Mr. BOTTá rose and inquired if it was in order
to move that the message be read.
The SPEAKER did not reply, being engaged in
reading the document, to ascertain its character.
Mr. ADAMS rose and said he desired to know
to what subject the message related, because he
wished to give notice to the House that he intended
to object to the reception of that message.
Mr. PROFFIT. Read it.
Mr. ADAMS. I want to know to what it re-
lates, and then I will state the grounds of my ob-
jection.
Mr. WISE.    I hope it will be read.
Mr. OLIVER moved the suspension of the rule,
thf,t it might br read.
The SPEAKER rose, (and every member was
in breathless attention,) asid said, with a dimness
that ludicrously contrasted with the warm anxiety
which the House had exhibited, that the message
was merely aletterfrom the French Minister. The
announcement was received with roars of laughter.
Mr. BROWN then resumed. So far as the item
which had been added by the Senate was concern-
ed, he was willing to vote for it when it could be
shown that the expense would be required. It
was said somewhere, that the increased expendi-
ture was to meet the promotions; but be believed
there was a disposition, at the other end of the
Capitol, to stop the cause of such expenditures.
He then went through some tabular statements
to show the recent progress in the grades of post-
captain?, commanders, lieutenants, and midship-
men, and warned ths House not to create a
revulsion in the public sentiment which may
induce the Western members, whose numbers
at the next Congress will be increased, to
come  here and relieve  the country from a tax
which was eating out its substance, by a repeal of
the law, and the dismissal of this horde of officers
at one fell swoop; and with them the boys of 13
years of age, who were so often met with in the
streets, or seen in that hall, for whom they pro-
vided teachers of languages and mathematics, and
paid them at a rate which placed them in a posi-
tion to save more than any of the inhabitants of
the place in New Jersey in which h« (Mr. Brown)
some years ago taught school. He (Mr. Brown)
was brought up on a- coasting vessel; and in reply
to the sneer of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] a few days ago, he inquired how many of-
ficers of the Revolution, who previously had never
put their foot on a vessel higher than a coasting
vessel, had gloriously distinguished themselves, and
rendered gallant service to their countrj t He was
a friend to the navy, but he wished to save it from
its false friends.
He then went into the inquiry how the navy
officers were made, and condemned the system
which drew a distinction between the poor and the
rich. The one class were taught languages, and
mathematics, and diplomacy; and the other were
taught to sail under these diplomatists. This, by-
and by, would have its influence in private life; for
private station took its color from public institu-
tions, or those public institutions must take their
color from the people. He denied that in early
boyhood, at which these appointments were made,
there could be sufficient intellectual development
to justify the distinction that was drawn, where
equality by our institutions was acknowledged in
each.*
If the present system of exclusion from honor-
able office continued, none but the children of
worthless or poverty-stricken fathers and mothers
would hereafter enter the service. It was the
hopes of advancement that had, thus far, induced
many respectable parents to intrust their children
in the service of their country. But as soon as it
was known that the apprentice could never rise
higher than a common sailor, what parent would
put his child in the service of a country that thus
maiked them with dishonor, by saying to them,
"You shall not rise—you can never aspire to be
even a midshipman?"
He reprobated a system that thus depressed the
humble, while some scions of respectable families
were made officers, as a choice between the navy
and the penitentiary; it was.too often a last resort
for the worthless, while humble merit languished
in obscurity. He alluded to the old boatswain
mentioned by the gentleman from Virginia at an
earlier stage of the discussion, in whose behalf the
officers of the Mississippi had pleaded with the
gentleman from Virginia to procure for him some
additional pay. There was evidence of a com-
mander in that old boatswain; but the system had
depressed him, and it brought him now supplicating
for extra pay, instead of permitting him to rise by
his merit to occupy one of ¡hose positions which
were occupied by less deserving men at an annual
remuneration of $3.500. If that man had been
taken at thirty years of age, when his merits
might have I ccomc distinguishable; and if he
had then been placed but for one year under pro-
fessors, though he might not have made a dipio-
matitt, he might have made a commander worthy
to carry the flag of his country to any portion of
the earth.
He then alluded to the language of the gentle-
man from Virainia in reference to the lioy3 of Phil-
adelphia; and he hoped that, because Providence
had denied to many almost the knowledge of tbeir
own parents, they were not to be doubly cursed by
fixing a ftigma on their characters; especially
while decaved families were permitted thus to pro-
mo'e their sons, who were too proud to resort to
some honest calling; or a young Virginian, nar-
taied in idleness, with negroes to wait upon him,
and to be kicked and cuffed at his pleasure, could
be appointed by some political influence or species
of favoritism. He read a long list of names of
generals and admirals of both the United States
and the British army and navy, who bad risen
from the rank of privates in which they bad en-
listed; but, by this apprenticeship sjstem, according
to the gentleman from Virginia, the boys must
