 
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                       , mt
■rjtrn-rffirmrin i k„ ' .1 ■ )■   Li1 '".'     J"1      u     ili'Hi'    ■'■   " i      Iji ^                              ,                                                                                                             .                                                    ...... •      rrc     i-i    I H|l      >.....m rr      r    urn    iirnnn,       rrrin ............
against the Government; which was read, and or-
dered to he on ihe table.
The resolution submitted by Mr Lin  some
time since, was taken up and read, as follows:
"Mesolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
collect rrom authentic sources all the information attainable in
time to be communicated to the Senate during the second week
of the next session of Congiess, showing—
1st The progress in the cultivation and manufacture of hemp
in the several Stages and Territories of the United S ates, and in
foreign countries or colonies
2d The quantities of the raw material, as prepared for man
ufacture, and the quantity, value, and description of the manu
factures thereof, in the several Slates and Territories of the Uni
ted States, and in foieign countries, produced within the year
3d The quantity and value of hemp, and the manufactuies
thereof with their description, imported into, an 1 expoi ted 'iom,
the United States within the last two years, the countries from
which imported, and to which exported
4th The quantity, description,and value ofhemp, and manu
factures thereof, annually required or used in the navy of the
United Slates, and what proportion of each/and is of foreign or
domestic produce or manufacture, and whethei anyconipan
sun has been instituted to test the quality oi strength of the do
mestic and foieign article, with the lesult thereof
Resolved, That the Secretary be íequested to communicate,
at the same time, such general information as he may be able to
collect in relation to the soil and climate most congenial to ihe
growth of hemp, and the comparative strengih between the
dew and water rotted, the most approved method of preparing
it from a crudestate to that suitable foi different descriptions of
manufacture, and such other information relating to the cul
ture, preparation, and manufacture of this article, and such
views as he may deem useful to present, for the encourage
ment and incidental protection of this important and glowing
interest "
Mr. LINN modified the resolution, by striking
oat the word "Treasury," and inserting the word
"Navy," so as to make the call upon the Secma-
ry of the Navy.
Mr. L. further modified the resolution, by adding
the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary be also lequesfed to ascertain
and report the quantity of Manilla sea grass, or Sisal hemp, as
well as cordage, and oth^r articles manufacturen therefrom, dnd
the value thereof, mi ported into the United S ates m the ye irs
1840and 1841, distirguishmg the quantity and value of each de
scuption of manufacture, and of the raw article as piepaied
for manufacture, or otherwise, and to ascertain i s compaiative
strength, and other advantages, when compared with our 1o
mestic hemp, and the manufactures thereof, as also the natuial
histoiy of the plants producing that article to what country in
digenous,and what poiuons of tne United States as to soil and
climate, would bestsuit us growth and production
The resolution, as modified, was men adop'ed.
The resoluiion submitted by Mr. Bagby, pro-
posing to instruct the Committee on Indian Affairs
to inquire whether John Ross had received more
than the amount for which he had contracted t  re-
move the Cherokee Indians west of ihe Mississippi,
and, if so, what excess over the amonta spec fi d
in the contract; and that the committpe be empow-
ered to send fot persons and paper , &c, was taken
up.
Mr. MOREHEAD opposed the resolution tor
the present, but would vote for it if it was so modi-
fied as to make the call on the War Department,
where he thought all the information was on the
record,and could be had
Messrs BAGBY and SEVIER had strop? sus-
picions that great abuses had been practised, and
they had understood that John Ross had received
$580 000 more than the price originally contracted
lor. Thsy thought that it was due to all sides that
the investigation should be made by the Commitlee
on Indian Affairs; especially so, as the War De-
partment itself had been implicated; and to call on
that department to make a report, would be to call
for an ex parte report, as no doubt it would wish to
screen itself from improper conduct.
Mr. BAGBY could not therefoie consent to
modify his resolution as suggested by the chairman
on Indian Affuits, [Mr. Morehead,] wnereupon,
On motion of Mr. MOREHEAD, the resolution
was ordeied io he on (he table ¡or the present, by
a vote, on a count, of ayes 18, noes 16
The following bi'ls were then taken up, as in
committee of ihe whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, vu:
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Seott, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Alexander Hammett.
A bill for ihe relief of certain companies of
Michigan militia.
The bill to refund lo the State of Massachusetts
the balance due her for d sbursements during the
late war with Great Britain.
Mr. PRESTON said it was ascertained at the
department that there was a balance due that State,
in conformity with the principle and practice here-
tofore established.
Mr. KING remarked that several bills of like
character had been passed for the benefit of Massa-
chusetts. They had passed bill after bill for the
payment of thi.se claims, and he should like to
hear a statement of the balance due read.
Mr. PRESTON read a statement upon the sub-
ject, by which it appeared that there were §272,000
due.
Mr SEVIER inquired of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs whether the bill
covered the payment of the expenses ef General
Strong, but.
On the motion of Mr. PRESTON, and without
going into further explanation, the bill was post-
poned till to morrow.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from Rich-
mond, Virginia, a king that, m the adjustment of
the tariff, protection may be given to the domestic
industry of the country
The bill authoriz ng the inhabitants of fractional
township ten south, of range one east, in the Siate
of Arkansas, to enter one half seciion of land for
school purposes coming up for consideration—
Mr SMITH of Indiana said that the Commitlee
on Public Lands had reported on this bill, that its
passage was unnecessary, as there was a general
law upon the subject. He would, therefore, move
that it do lie on the table, and should the Senators
from Arkansas hereafter find that the general bill
did not cover the case, he would assist tksm to
take this bill up a?ain, and pass it.
The b 11 was then laid on the lable.
Mr BAYARD, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back to th* Senate,
wi hout amendment, Hou>e bill to establish a
police for the protection of public and private prop-
erty in the city of Washington, and for other pur-
poses
The bill for ihe relief of Isabella Hill, widow,
and John Hill, El zabeth Hill, and Samuel Hill,
childten and minor hens at law of Samuel Hill,
deceased, was then uken up.
Mr SMITH of Indnna said ihe principle
upon wLich the Senate had heretofore acted was to
rtfu e interest upon claims. He had voted against
granting interest, bjt this, he believed, was a plain
case where interest should be allowed Justice
required that interest should be allowed, and be
bhould vote for it.
Mr TAPPAN moved to strike out so much of
the bill as allowed interest
Mr WOODBURY said this was not an ordinary
case of dibt, with íeference to which Congress
bad always ic u <* mtcroet, nn ih*  r>rp«anmption
that the money was always ready to be paid over
to the deb'or. But this was a case of damages
susta ned by the e'annants by the aclion of the
Government; and the rale of damages was cer-
tamly to pay in erest and principal.
Messrs TAPPAN, KING, and HENDER-
SON were opposed to abandoning ihe principle
adopted by Congress, of refusing interest, 'hough
it might operate oppressively in t'ws case; and
Messrs WOODBURY and SMITH made some
further remarks in f-ivorof paying interest.
The question wes then taken, a-td interest was
disallowed
The bill was titer reported to the Senate, the
amendment of the committee was concurred in, and
the bill was ordered to be engro«sed.
The bill relating lo the judicial courts in the dis-
trict of Ne*, Hampshire, was taken up as m com-
mittee of the whole, and, on the motion of Mr.
BERRIEN, was l?id on ihe table.
The bill to repeal the act entitled "An act con-
cerning pilots," approved the 2d day of March,
1837, was taken up, and, on the motion of Mr.
WRIGHT, was made the special order of the day
for this day week.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the Sena'e took up
the bill respecting the reorganization of the army
and for othei pui poses, the question pending be-
ing on concurring with the committee of the whole
in their amendment striking out the second section
of the bill, proposing to legalize the appom.ment of
offices of the board of ordnance to the supermtend-
ency of the public arruines, and inserting the tol-
lo wing:                        I                    ("
"Thatthe dutiesof the offifes of supennlejiient at the armo-
ries at Springfield and Harper's Ferry shalt not be performed
by officers of the ordnance ccfrps, or other officers of the army;
but shall be confined to the civil superintendents, of competent
knowledge, as heretofore "  f
Mr. PRESTON explained the views which had
influenced the War Department to recommend,
and the Committee of the Saínate on Military Ai-
fairs to adopt, the clause ^uTthe present bill, which
the Senate in commitlee of the wnole had dec ded
last week should be stricken out. The necessity
for some change in the superintendence of the
armories, and the abuses and inconveniences which
had resulted from the system of ciyil superinten-
dents, had induced ths board of ordnance to try a
system of military superintendence, which was
found most satisfactory. The members of Ihe
board weresausfied that, under this new system, there
would be intermediate overseers competent to direct
the mere mechanical and manufacturing operations.
The experiment has been made during a ypar.
The result is wholly satisfactory, and the board of
ordnance is now desirous of having Ihe system
permanently established The operatives are, it
seems, dissatisfied with the change; but this grows
out of the necessity of conforming to new rules,
by which their habits of life may, to some extent,
be disturbed. The change, however, is intended
to be for the benefit of the public The interests
of the pai lies concerned are necessarily, to some
extent, antagonist, the employees seeking to get
the utmost amount they ean lor their labor, and
the public interest requnirg that the public work
should be done with a due regard to economy, and
with lhai despatch and regulaniy dependent on the
alherence lo rules.
It mav be that the change was too sudden—'or>
barsh and imperative, but this is a thing admitting*
oí an easy remedy. Yet he would take it opoa
bim to sa>, that there is not a well-conducted
manufactury, on a large «cale, m any part of the
countiy, the rules ot which are not more s'net and
onerous. He was rot for exacting as much labor,
or on such terms of compeu'ion, as private estab-
hshmen s ex&ct He thought the Government
ought to act with dignity and liberality He hoped,
under all the circumstances, the Senate would not
adopt the amendment reported from the committee
of the whole.
Mr. BATE3 wished to recall ihe attention of
the Senate to the true position of the armorers and
military superintendent. Down ti April, 1841,
when 'he board of ordnance, after the return of the
commis ion "eat to Ejrope, when this principle
of subjecting the armories to military rule was de-
rided upun, not one complaint of abuse, irregu-
larly, or omission of duty, was heard agamU Ihe
civil superintendents, who for years had given
genera! satisfaction to both the employers and em-
p oyed There was no law to iittnorize any one
but the Pres dent of the United Scales lo make ap-
pointments, yet, in April, 1841, the board of ord-
nance dismissed the civil superintendents, and ap-
pointed military officers in their place. For this
there was no law, and the board does not contend
that it had any power of law for it, but says, thess
military superintendents were only sent as agents
of the board of ordnance. In his opinion, this
was an invasion of Ihe Constitution, which vests
the power of appointment in the Executive alone.
He would not repeat more of what was said be-
fore, on the subject of placing military men as su-
perintendents over operations p'.tely mechanical,
than that nothing could be more inappropriate or
inconclusive than the arguments brought forward
in favor of the proposition As to the mot.ve
urged by the Senator from Coniecticut, that the
change would be a sav ng of four or five thousand
dollars a year, he would only remark, that the prop-
ositions already before Congress were, that, while
two officers are taken from the ordnance to make
superintendents for the armories, fourteen are to
be added to the Ordnance department. It was
plain, then, that there was to be no saving, no
economy, on that score.
He read a svnopsis of the duties to be performed
by the inspecting officer of toe Ordnance depart-
ment—the lieutenant-colonel of the ordnance. He
