mi
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•was required to report minutely any abuses, irreg-
ularities, complaints, or defects, in the condition of
the armor,e«; yet, down to April, 1841, not one
word of complaint was reported by the inspecting
officer, to jus'ify the assertion that abuses and ir-
regularities existed which required the change. A
commission of inquiry was appointed in July last;
and it reported in September, The commissioners
went to Springfield, and they called the master ar-
morers and inspectors before them—but none of
the workmen. The whole thing was secret, and
ihe-exammation was carried on, in some instances,
under injunctions of secresy. He would hand in
a communication from the workmen on this sub-
ject; which, at his request, was read
He could not see the propriety of the proposed
change: on the contrary, he feared, instead of the
work~bemg done cheaper and better, it would be
the reverse, and that, in the end, there would be an
inefficient armory.
Mr. BENTON had stated the other day that the
reason why the superintendence of the armories
hpd I een intrusted to civil officers was, that there
were no ordfince officeis to spare for the duties;
but he should have stated the fact in a much
htronger 1 ght, and .shown that, at the time th sd
armories were founded, there was no board of ord-
nance at all
The commission appointed to make inquiry in
July last, gave notice to all parties concernid
He read the first part of the report in confirmation
(f this assertion
Mr BATES hoped the Senator did not under-
stand him as saying that no notice was given. He
had distinctly stated that there was. What he
deprecated was, the manner of carrying on the in-
quiry.
Mr. BENTON read further extracts from the
report, some containing questions and answers
made during the investigation. One of these ques-
tions was, Why the workmen did not, as they
easily could, earn more? The answer was, that
there was an understanding about that • it wan
not considered prudent that it should appear on the
pay-roll that they were so well paid Hence Mr.
B. argued, that, under this system of civil sup rm-
tendence, the establishment was considered a mere
local and personal concern, to be turned to the ad-
vantage of located individuals.
He read a statement, asserting that there were
no new or oppressive rules introduced, all the mill
tary superintendents did, was to enforce the old
standing rules of the establishments.
The whole controversy was, whether private and
local interests should have the mastery over the
Government of_jhe_IJnited States, and whether
jh y t^CTrid-Tíá^ésñperiw«adenis__wJho ..would not
do justice to the public by enforcingtEestanding"
rules.
Mr BATES feared that the workmen would
have but an indifferent chance of success, in a con-
troversy with a powerful board of ordnance.   If
the report of the latfer were to be believed, it
would appear that these mechanics were a'l trying
to cheat the Government; yet he would venture to
«ay there was not a more high mmded, honorable
se' of men in the community, than these operatives
If the allegations brought forward against them be
true, how will ihe board of ordnance excuse itself
for suffering such a state of things to exist for so
many years?—how will ihe inspecting officers stand
excused for neglect of duty ?   Would not the fact
prove that, if there were neglect and dereliction of
tmty anywhere, it wa* not among the workmen,
but must be ¡a>d  at the door of the board of old
nance Uselt ?   Who but that board fixed or ratified
the rate of prices?   Is not the present tariff of
pices the sime as existed before the change oí su-
perintendents in   1841?   If this tariff be, as as-
serted, one fixed by the  workmen, must not the
board of ordnance have   incurred the charge of
neg ect oí dmv by not liself adjus ing n ?
H next proceeded lo show ¡hat most of the an-
sw>rs to quesüons quoted by the Senator from Mis-
soon are alleged by the workmen to be untrue.
He only asked the statements biought forward by
the board of ordnance not to be considered alone,
bot m connexion with the statements oí the woik-
|ae .
It seemed to htm so perfectly clear that the su-
penntendency should not be under the control of
mih'ary men, that he could not help feeling aston-
ished at ihe pertinacity with which the proposition
to the contrary was maintained. There was some
thing very offensive to mechanics in the idea of be-
ing ruled by military discipline. They will not
submit to it. It is only bec?use the present ope-
ratives are located, and cannot immediately dis-
pose of their dwellings, that they continue to work.
When they quit, wandering mechanics out of em-
ployment, may be, from time to time, collected and
put to work under military rule; but they will not
form such armories as new exist.
Mr EVANS had but a few remarks to make.
He could not concur with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in the view he had taken of the subject.
The Senator had dwelt with great emphasis on the
interrogation, Were not the board of ordnance and
inspectors to blame if abuses and irregularities
were suffered to exisi? In the first place he (Mr.
E ) understood the person, on whose communica-
tion the Senator so much relied, was one of the
discharged superintendents, and he, himself, must
be to blame if he did not repoif irregularities and
abuses under hi  inspection Bu. he would refer
to the report of Lieutenant Colonel Talcott to
prove that these abuses and irregularities have
been subjects of complaint for years upon years.
So long ago as 1832 they had come to such a pitch
that this very change was then considered necessa-
ry. He also maintained that, by a law of 1815,
the board of ordnance was given full power to
make the appointments which the Senator from
Massachusetts contends no oBe but the President
of the United States can make.
He next defended the character of the board of
commissioners appointed to make the inspection
last July, from the imputations against the gentle-
men of that board by the workmen. He denied
that they could have been either prejudiced, par-
tial, or governed by sinister motives, in their in-
quiry or report. The Senator from Massachusetts
says he has no confidence in the report That
may be a good reason for his hostility to it. But
he (Mr E ) had full confidence m it, and also
in the characier and abilities of the members of th«
board of commissioners
He was satisfied that the results of the experi-
ment for the year past would be such as to justify,
to the fullest extent, the mghest anticipations of
those favorable to the new system of superintend-
ence He entered into some details to show what
had already been done.
He had no confidence in the represeni?tions of
the armerers. They complain of the rule, but
they are old rule>_and_xeei)laiions,.lnng <i8., ¡M>mb—
"fished, tbougiiTjoTenforced, and if these woikmen
engaged in the establishment under a lull know-
ledge that they were to be subject to these rules
and regulations, they have no ngnt to complain
The rules are the tamo as those in fece in every
well organized establishment of the country.
Mr BATES made a few more observation", in-
troductory of a communication whicn he read, from
the late supeimtendent of the ar-nory at Spring-
field. It was m the nature of a i tinning commen-
tary on the report of Col Talcott.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that be had l'stened
with care to the remarks from all quarters of the
Senate to-day, and had come to the conclusion that
he was in error on Sa'arday, in voting for the
amendment. He was now satisfied that abuses
and irregularities did exi.si, and he was, therefire,
disposed to allow the board of ordnance to carry
out the n cessary remedy in its own way. He
should, therefore, vote against the amendment
Mr KING said that the developments made to-
day induced him to change his vote also He
agreed with the Senator from New York m the pro-
priety of leaving to the board oí ordnance the
carrying out of the reform which circumstances
seem to demand.
Tne question was then taken by yeas and nays
on concurring with the commi tee of the who'e in
ihe adoption of the first amendment to strike out
the second sect.on of the b.U; and resul ed,ysas 13,
nays 21.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose to renew the taction
which he had made on Saturday, to strike out the
third section of the bill, which proposed to abolish
the office of Commissary General of Purchases.
He would detain the Senate but a few minutes
upon this question. He had desired the postpone-
ment of the question on Saturday, that there might
be a full attendance of Senators; but he was sorry
to perceive that the seats were now as empty as
before. He had received very minute information
upon this subject; and for it he was indebted to the
Senator from Missouri, although he came to a
very different conclusion to that at which the hon-
orable Senator had arrived The office in question,
he believed, had been established at Philadelphia
about twenty years ago. And it was admitted, on
all hands, it had been conducted in the best possi-
b'e manner. He had it upon the very best au-
thority, that all that was necessary to be done had
been done, and that in the b st possible maHner.
Indeed, it had been slated, and he beheved with
correctness, that it had only been since the estab-
lishment of the present office that the work had
been done according to sample. There had not
been a proper degree of responsibility, and the
soldiers suffered m consequence. Since its estab-
lishment he believed there had not been a single
complaint or representation from any quarter, re-
quiring a change
The War Department was entirely satisfied
with the manner in which the work was done, and,
he would ask, then, where was the necessity for
making a change? Should they be ca'led on to do
so, merely upon the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs? He would ad-
mit very cheerfully that considerations of private
convenience and private distress ought not to pre-
vent the Government from acting in such a man-
ner as may be deemed requisite for the public ín-
teres', but, so long as there was no abuse to be re-
medied—no injury to be redressed—what necessity
'as ih"re tor breaking up this establishment, and
roducing very great dis'ress and misery among
he great number of females now employed. The
chairman had informed them that the work might
Be done more cheaply—'hat contracts had been of-
fered to do the work at 20 per cer t. less than it is
now done. As certainly as> this scheme was adopt-
ed, and the work given out by contract, so certain-
ly would the work be badly done, and the soldiery
suffer, as they did before the establishment was
formed. And he would ask if there was any great
impropriety of placing the superintendence in the
hands of a civilian' The quartermaster of the
army, or oue of his attaches, might be a very ca-
pable person for discharging this duty; but he is
_nnt r«rmanna%—located^—ge~~comes to day, and
goes to-morrow, at the command of his superior.
But, m an office of this kind, there should be a per-
son permanently located, responsible, and liable to
be removed in case he does not d-seharge his duty
properly. He would ask again, then, why should
there b  a change? He hoped the Senate would
not sanction a change, but leave well enough alone,
until some inconvenience were shown to result
from the continuance of the establishment.
There might, at one time, have been political
reasons for abolishing the office , but no such rea-
son could now be said to exist. The result of
placing the superintendence under the control of
the Quartermaster's Department would be to con-
centrate every thing here. The removal of the es-
tablishment to this place would be the necessary
consequence, and he believed its removal would
occasionag-eat deal of suffering and distress.
He had had an intention of saying a good deal
upon tuis bill, and of the utter want, as it seemed
to him, of a necessary and proper economy, that
wou'd follow fiom the disbanding of soldier , and
leaving the officers on pay; but he wou'd take
some other opportunity to do it He hoped the
Senate wou'd strike out the section.
Mr BENTON did not know why the Senator
from Pennsylvania should talk of removing the of-
fice from Philadelphia. it was an office taken there
about twenty years ago, for the purpose of having
the work done on the most favorable terms. There
was no special right that it should be there; bat
Philadelphia is a city where facilities are accumu-
