CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            693
j                 Hi lnl  rttuMiwinfn   ii  r.imn.   mil     mi .iiMMfc.......«r i m  i-i   ..  i-          ,      .                                                                                           * ■                              .....    ij      "                                    mil                                ^           .....                                    ,          .(«H      ¿        mW.            ii-i         ,.
lated—buildings have been erected at a cost of
#100,000—and the language of the Quartermaster
General is, that the work can be done there better
and cheaper than elsewhere. He makes no sort
of proposition to remove the establishment. It
could not be removed here, without great impropri-
ety, and under appropriations for the parpóse,
which Congress would no! be likely to grant The
Quartermaster General is obliged to keep an offi-
cer in Philadelphia, and his "superintendent might
as well have charge of the establishment as not,
and this can be done by dispensing with the ex-
pense of a Commissary General of Purchases.
The object was, to put this establishment under
one of the bureaus. He was wholly opposed to
allowing such offices to become political rewards
for partisans The citizens of Pmladelphia, taking
an interest in the matter, had suffered themselves
to be unnecessarily alarmed
Mr BUCHANAN said he had listened atten-
tively during the whole debate; and though he
would confess some abuses bad been pointed out
in the superintendence of the armories, yet he was
decidedly in favor still of a civil superintendence
even over the armories. He could not comprehend
why a civilian was unable to enforce the rules and
regulations with as much efficiency, and with as
much satisfaction to the workmen, as a mihury
man. Though he was willing to defer to the opin-
ions of those who had spoken upon the subject,
yet he was convinced that it w?s infinitely better to
continue a civil superintendence.
And here was an office in which there had been,
confessedly, no abuse whatever, and it was one
which, from its very nature, ought not to be in-
trusted to a v oung and inexperienced officer There
was a degree of responsibility requisite, as well as
permanent residence Numberless contracts were
required to be made, and the work to be done was
in no way connected with military affaus, except
to procure suitable clothing for the soldiers; and a
civilian would be quite as good a judge in such
matters as a military man
If the Senator from Missouri had the power,
and his lite could be perpetuated as long as I could
desire it should be—[Mr Benton. That would be
too long]—he could never expect to place that es-
tablishment on a better footing, by changing the
present superintendence. The inevitable conse-
quence of permuting the work to be ¿one by gene-
ral contract, would be, that it would be improperly
done. The present anangement was an excellent
one. The Gluartermss'er General was a check
upon¡the superintendent, but, by changing the su-
perintendence, the responsibility would be lost.
The effect would be to create a new bureau in the
War Department. He hoped, tnereRie, b^3matc
would permit the matter to remain in the condition
in which it had been for the last twenty jcars
Mr. PRESTON trusted that the argument of the
Senator from Pennsylvania would have the efftct
wh chhe (Mr P ) conceited it ought to have—in
favor of the change The tendency of his argu-
ment is, that tais ought to be a great eleemosynary
establishment, for the benefit of Philadelphia.
Now, if the public interests rtqjired tha* the es-
tablishment should be brought here, h° couidsce
no reason why it should be left in Philadelphia.
These local interest :, he hoped, were now broken
up, and a wider and more comprehensi.e policy
would prevail. The contracts may be given any-
where—to a man in South Carolina, or a man in
Boston; and there was no reason why it shsuld not,
if the public interest required it The Senator ad-
mits the propriety of bavins  the establishment un-
der the control of some retired general officei of
the army, but he considers he ought to be com-
pelled to live in Philadelphia, because a former gen-
eral officer had located the establishment there.
That was a thing to be dependent upon th- best in-
terests of the Government If these interests re-
quire the continuance of the establishment nPnl
adelphia, it will be continued there.
Mr. BUCHANAN rose, he said, to d<sabuse the
Senate, and to set the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri right as to his (Mr. Buchanan's) wishm  to
favor a local monopoly. It was no such thing.
He was merelv contend.ng that a civil officer would
be better fitted for the aupermtendency of this mat-
ter, than a military one. And that, wherever the
establishment might be located, (and that it would
not long remain m Philadelphia, if the bill parsed,
he fully believed,) the superintendent should be a
man who was acquainted with the people, a per-
manent resident among them. As to the economy
of the thing, when they came to consider the double
rations, he would have something to say upon that
subject.
The question was then taken on Mr Buchanan's
motion to strike out the third section; and it was
decided in the negative, without a count.
Mr. KING moved to strike out the fifth section
of the act, as follow :
"That a competent person be emp oyed by the Ordnance bu
reau, under the dnection oí the ¡Secretary of War, fois uch
time a  may be nece&eaiy, to superintend the manufacture of
iron cannon at the several foundries where such cannon maySd
made under conttacts with the United States whose pay and
emo'uments shall not exceed those of a major of oidnance du
ring the time he shall be employed,1 <fcc
Mr K. considered this the first time an attempt
had been made to make use of the power possessed
by the department to create an office which can be
dispensed with by adhering to the plan hitherto
always found successml It was certainly more
economical 10 let the cannon be ca t by the con-
trac ors, and thi n tested. The loss would be theirs
if the guns proved faulty
Mr EVANS contended that the plan proposed
in the bill was not new, it was recommended by
Mr Poinset, and was found*, by the experience of
other counties, to be the most economical A
gt«at saving of both money and human hie was
made by tes'ing the x&< tal before it is cast. Guns
were found to be more to be depended upon when
thus cast under the inspection 01 competent inspec-
tors, than when cast according to the old system.
Mr KING replied, rsiteratmg his former argu-
ments, and insisting that no test could be depend-
ed on but that of the trial of the gun after it is cist.
He considered this proposed regulation calculated
to emoarrass the foundries, and cause greater ex-
pense without any adequate benefit.
Mr PRESTON observed that the heads of the
Ordnance department differed very Widely from the
Senator from Alabama. They propose to con-
tinue the office, from the high estimate they make
of ihe advantages already experienced by the em-
pityment of an inspecting officer He would
read a report on the subject He then read the re-
poit In consequence of the information obtained
by an experienced commission sent to Europe, a
system ot most successful and valuable improve-
ments was in progre s for the testing of guns, and,
besides, the salary proposed for the inspecting of-
ficer will not exceed $1,500—a sum disproportion-
ate With the lliimcr. c bencfi'e
Mr. BENTON moved an adjournment
Mr BERBIEN asked the Senator to suspend
his motion There was a case of urgency, re-
quiring the Senate to go into executive session;
and, with the Senator's leave, he would move to
go into executive session.
Mr BENTON a-senung,
The Senate went into executive session, and
shortly after adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 29, 1842.
Mr. HOPKINS presented the petition of John
Cjrroll and two hundred and eighty-five others,
citi7ens of Carroll county, Virginia, praying for
the establishment of a post route from Chrislians-
burg to HilLville
Also, a petition from Joseph W. Davis and
twenty-five otheis, citizens of Smyth county, Vir-
gin a, remonstrating against the removal of the
district cojrt of the United States from Wythe «lie
to Abmgt'on
Mr VAN BUREN presented the petition of
Maria Osirander, widow of William Ostrander,
praying for balance of pension.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Elizabeth Ells-
worth, widow ot Will am Ellsworth, praying for
balance of pension.
Mr R. D. DAVIS presented the memorial of Ben-
jamin Arnold of New York for a tariff, and the pe-
tition of Samuel Shopter, and fifty-four others, for a
repeal of the duty on cotton.
Under the order of 29th March, Mr. HUNT
laid on the Clerk'  table this, day the memorial of
Richard P. Hernck et al. oí Greenburg, county
of Rensselaer and State of New York, in favor
of protecting American labor and industry, by a
tariff sufficient at the same time to supply the wants
of Government
Mr. PROFFIT offered the following resolutions,
which were considered and adopted .
Resolved, Tha, the Secretary of the Treasurv be directed to
inform the House whether any collectors, or other officers of
the customs, have retained, and still hold, any moneys received
by them from fines penalties, and forfeitjres, accruing sines
the 3d day of Match, 1841, and if any such officer does retain
moneys, the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to fur
nish to this House the names of such officers, and the amounts'
retained
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform this House whether any opinion of tne Attorney General
has been given on the subject of the right ofietenuon, i>y officers
of the customs, of moneys now accruing under the head of
' fines, penalties andfoifutures," sndifanysuch opinion has
beengiven,theSecietaryofthe Treasury is heieby directed to
furnish this House with a copy of the same
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform this House whether he has ordered any officer of the
customs retaining moneys accruing since the 3d of March,
1841, under the head of "fines, penalties, and forfeitures, ' to
l ay said moneys into the treasury of the United States, and
whether any officer of the customs has refused or neglected to
pay over said moneys , and, if so, the Secretary of the Treas
11 ry is directed to furnish the names of such officers neglecting
or refusing to obey his ordei
Mr ADAMS called up his reso'ution on the
subject of the President's signature to the appor-
tionment bill
The SPEAKER said that the resolution being
the unfinished business that was taken up by gen-
eral consent, it would be the first business m the
regular order, and that the gentleman from Ken-
lucky [Mr Andrews] was entitled to the floor.
Mr ANDREWS having yielded the floor-
Mr ADAMS addressed the House at consideia-
ble length in support of the resolution, conienf'ing
that ihe President, by filing in the State D fart-
ment his reasons for signing the bill, had violait d the
Constitution a id the laws of the country. He al-
luded to the fact that one State had already re-
fused to comply with the provisions of the law.
The House of Representatives of New Hamp-
shire had, by a large majority, declared it inexpe-
dient to district the State. The Senate, however,
as he understood, by a unanimous vote, refused
to concur with the House in this proceeding
Mr. ATHERTON said that the di-agreemeni
alluded to by the gentleman from M i sachusetts,
of the Senate, to the resolutions r"ps«ed on this
subject by the House of Representatives of New
Hampshire, indicated no dusent from the mam
purport of the resolutions The Senate substituted
for the resolutions of the House, by way of amend-
ment, other resolutions, the wmdirg of which they
preferred The two Houses having been unable
to agree, and each preferring their own metnod of
rtachmg the «ame object, the Senate passed reso-
lutions equally strong with those of the House,
declining to district the State for the election ot
Rep esentatives to Congress, and expressing their
opinion of the unconstitutionality of any law ot
Congress requiring the Legislature thus to district
the Slate.
Mr ADAMS said be wa  s jrry o hear the state-
ment irom the gentleman from New Hampshire.
He regretted the action of the Senate had nut been
such as he had heard. But lhat fact only fortified
hn argument It was probab'e that other States
would refuse to district themselves, and then this
protest oi paper from the President would stand
among the archives of the Government, to justify
tfcem in their course He spoke for some lime in
opposition to the President and the policy of his
administration Under such a captain as the pres-
ent, he thought ihe post of honor would soon be
the private station
After Mr A had concluded—
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the pre-
visus question,  which was sustained—ayes 75,
noes 72
The question recurring, "Shall Ihs mam question
be now put'"
Mr. PROFFIT demanded ihe >eas and nays;
which were ordered; and the result vas—yeas 10T,
nays 97.
Mr. AD ^MS then expressed a desire to modiiy
the resolution, but objection was made.
