CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            695
overflowing prosperity. The very terms of the
loan, making it redeemable m three years, demon-
strate this beyond all cavil. Who, at the lime,
foresaw or imagined the possibility of the present
real state of things, when a nation that has paid off
her whole debt since the last peace, while all the
other great powers have been increasing theirs,
and whose resources, already so great, are yet but
in the infancy of their development, should be
compelled to haggle in the money-market for a pal-
try sum not equal to one year's revenue upon her
economical system? If the distribution law is to
be indefinitely suspended, according not only to
its own terms, but by universal consent, in the case
of war, wherein are the actual exigencies of the
country, or the moral obligation to provide for
(hem, less under present circumstance', than they
could be were we actually engaged in war' It
appears to me to be the indispensable duty of all
concerned in the administration of public affairs to
see that a state of things so humiliating and so
perilous should not last a moment longer than is
absolutely unavoidable. Much less excusable
should we be in parting with any poition of our
available means, at least until the demands of the
treasury are fully supplied Bat, besides the ur-
gency of such considerations,,the fact is undenia-
ble, that the distribution act could not have become
a law without the guaranty in the proviso ef the
act itself.
This connexion, thus meant to be m'fDarab'e, is
severed by the bill presented to me. The bill vio-
lates the principle of trie acts of 1833 and SeD-
dember, 1841, by suspending the first, and render-
ing, for a time, the last inoperative. Duties above
20 per cent, are proposed to be levied, and yet ihe
proviso in the distribution act is disregarded The
proceeds of the sales are to be distribute! on the
1st of Ausust,so that, while thf> duties proposed to
be enacted exceed 20 per cent , no su'spens.on of
the distribution to the States is permitted to take
place. To abandon the punciple for a month, is
to open the way for its total abandonment. If
such is not meant, why postpone at all' Whv not
let the distribution take place on ihe 1st of July, if
the law so directs? (which, however, is regarded as
questionable ) But Ahy not have limited the pro-
vision to that effect? I* it for the accommodation
of the treasury? I see no reason to believe that
the treasury will be in better condition to meet the
payment on the 1st of August than on the 1st of
July.
The bill assumes that a distribution of the pro-
ceedb of the public lands, is, by existtn-- liw<-, to be
made on the 1st day oí July, 1842, notwith-
standing there has been an imposition ot duties on
imports exceeding 20 pe o n> up tn t'iit my
and directs it to be mads on the Ut ot August
next. It seems to me veiy clear that this conclu-
sion is equally erroneous and dangc¡ous, as it
would divert from the treasury a fund sacredly
pledged for the geneial purposes, of the Govern-
ment, in the event of a rate of duty above 20
per cent, being found necessary for an economical
administration of the Government.
The bill under consideration is designed only as
a temporary measuie, and thus a tempoiary meas-
sure, passed merely for the convenience of Con-
gress, is made to affect the vital principle of an im-
portant act. if the proviso ot the act of Septem-
ber, 1841, ean be suspended for the vvho'e period
of a temporary law, why not for the whole period
of a permanent law' In fact, a doubt may be
well entertained, according to strict legal rules,
whether the condition, having been ihus expressly
suspended by this tell, and rendered inapplicable
to a case wfc-ce it wou'd otherwise hav clearly
applied, will not be considered as ever after satis-
fled and gone. Without expressing any deeded
opinion on this point, I ?ee enough m it to justify
me in adhering to the )v w as it stands, in preference
to subjecting a condition sd vitally affecting the
peace of the country, and so solemnly exacted at a
momentous crisis, and so steadfas ly adhered to
ever since, and so rtplete, if adhered to, with gojd
to every interest of the country, to doubtful or cap-
tious interpretation.
In discharging the high dul'et. thus imposed on
ms by the Constitution, I repeat to the House
my entire willingness to co-operate in all financial
measures, constitutional and proper, which in us
wisdom it may judge necessary and proper to re-
establish the credit of the Government. I believe
that the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
being restored to the treasury—or, more properly
speaking, ihe proviso of the actof September, 1841,
being permuted to remain in fall force—a tariff of
duties may easily be adjusted, wh'ch, while it will
yield a revenue sufficient to maintain the Govern-
ment m vigor, by restoring its credit, will afford
ample protection, and infuse a new hope into all
our manufacturing establishments. The condition
of the country calls for such legislation, and it will
afford me the most sincere pleasure to co operate
in it.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, June 29,'|842.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON then obtained the
floor, and said he did not propose to enter into an
elabora'e discussion of the .message He wished
it to be printed, and then be could examine it at
leisure,
Mr. GUSHING here said he wished to submit
the ordinary motion that the ajessage^be entered on
the journal, and printed, and that tjte House now
proceed to reconsider the bill, according to the Con-
stitution.
Mr. W COST JOHNSON pfesumed the mes-
sage would, as a matter of course, go on the jour-
nal He was one of tio e who thought it imma-
terial whether this measure, which had thus been
vetoed by ihe President, pass°d at the present ses-
sion or not He foresaw that the subject-matter of
ths tariff and the distribution lav/ would come up
for final discussion during the present, or, at any
rat , at the next Congress His object in ri<=msr, at
this t'me, was merely to state tn?  at this important
crisis—tins great juncture in the affairs ot the na-
tion—he was anxious to introduce a system of
mea'ures which would carry relief to the Govern-
ment, and renovate and remvigorate the who'e
country. He now g«ve notice that he would take
the earliest occasion to bring forward that system
of measures, and in such a manner as to bring the
House to an expression of opinion upon their
merits.
He should not, as he had said, discuss the docu-
ment sent in from the President. He was willing
to let that officer go on and use the power., intrust-
ed to him by the Constitution in his own way But,
at the same time, using tho«e rights which belonged
to him as a Representative of the people, heshou'd
lay before the House a system of measures which
he thought was calculated to relieve the embarras -
ments ot the people, and preserve the faith of the
Government and the States. He took occasion to
avow hib object at Uie pitbLut iimt, bcoovi c, e^ hs.
had formerly said, the rules of the House were
such as to prevent a free discussion, except by mere
chance He should present his project m the form
of a bill, of the same shape as lhat brought for-
ward in 1790, when a law was pas ed comprising
an entire system of revenue legislation, ann adopt-
ing a large class of the State debts. He should
bring forwa'd such a measure, pledging the pro-
ceeds of the public landa as a sinking fund for the
liquidation of the debts assumed
Here Mr. CARUTHERS <-ose to a question of
order, and contended that the gentleman could not
argue the question of assumption on the present
subject before the House.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON said he could find
a text in the message whereon to bang all he had
to say.
The SPEAKER decided the question to be on
the passage of the bill vetoed by the President,
and ihat .he gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Wm
Cost Johnson] had a right to suggest other modes
of accomplishing the object sought after ¡n the bill
before the House.
Considerable conversation here took place be-
tween Messrs. BARNARD, CUSHING, and the
SPEAKER, as to the subject actually before the
House, wnetker it was the motion to print ihe
President's message, or the passage of the bill, not-
withstanding the objections of the President.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON continued. He
said he should prefer to have the reconsideration
pos'poned until to-morrow, and let the message be
printed in the mean time. He believed the sub-
ject would open a vast field for. discussion. Bat
his object was mainly to convince gentlemen that
his scheme for the assumption of the State debts
was not so visionary as was imagued. He
thought that the best consequences would result
from it. When we saw our country embarrassed,
a large number of articles entering her ports duty-
free, her Government lethargic and apathetic—in-
different to the powers it possessed, and stealing
the property o£ the State', the public domain, that
now entered the vast maw of the Federal treasury—
when we saw the Government drying up large
sources of revenue to the States, and other perni-
cious consequences growing out of its present pol-
icy—it was, he thought, high time to examine the
subject, aid to inquire for some remedy.
His belief was, that if Congress wou'd assume
the debts of the States, pledging the redundant reve-
nues that would flow from a proper tariff and from,
the proceeds of the public lands, it would at once
re establish confidence in the country, and mvigor-
a'e every department of life. Having thus notified
the House of his intention to bring it to a direct
vote upon the scheme which he bad suggested, he
would now move that the message be printed, and
its consideration postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HOLMES next obtained the floor, and en-
chained the attention of the House for some time.
He commenced by remarking that there was often
a crisis in the affairs of a nation, where the energy
and independence of one man redeemed and saved
it from the evil on which it had fallen, He knew
not an occasion since he had been a member in
that hall, watching the progress of events, aid the
downward tendency of thii Gove nmert, when he
had felt more in the spirit of offering a hank-giving
than he did now to the President, fo' the man'y act
which lhat officer had performed. This veto had
given the friends of the bill (now returned and
lying on the Speaker's table) an opportunity to re-
flect upon—he would not say the madness cf thair
course, but to consider well before they again un«-
dertook lo violate a compromise entered into be-
tween the contending industry of the North and
the almost expiring industry of the Souih It had
been well said that the Government has seen nine
years of the operation of this compromise to the
advantage of one of the contracting lames Nos-,
after these long yearz have passed a /ay, and trie
cup is about to be banded to us, it is to be dashed
from our lips, and thj sacred instrument oí com-
promise violated. But Ihe President has arrested
the design which, without his interference, would
s on have been accomplished.
When this message should bo spread upon the
rooot it- of two House, testifying that the president
has had the eneigy and resolution to place nimself
between the action of Congress and the institutions
of this, country, and to save tne one from the vio-
lence of the other, it would hand down hi  char-
acter to ages that are to come alter u^ Let his
conduct be what it may in future, let his cruise be
as it has been heretofore, this act his shown that
he had the courage and the e-jcr¡:y to stand up
betwsen the institutions of the country and its Con-
gress.
What has he done? It must be confessed that
tbisact precipitates the President into a bold posi-
tion. In sending the bill to him this Congress,
spk!, in effect, "You must either make it a law, or
you shall make an issue with us berore the coun-
try, at a time of great difficulty—when the treasury
is empty—our fort gn rUanons unsettled—and the
people quivering under repeated excitement and
embarrassments " But he has taken his stand,
and the party now know that if they carrj this,
measure again, it wi'l be ve'oed again, unless they
can carry it by an overwhelming majority in both
Houses.
This act will place the Fresident in the front
rank of the peop.e. In that froit ne will remain,
and, while so, the people will sustain him
He hoped there would be no postponement of
this bill till to-merraw, but that it would be now
considered. He wished to see who would still
=tand up to the principles it contained. He want-
ed ¡o know who were willing to peril everything-*
