698
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, E. said the troops were withheld in 1812,
and not at the period which this bill was intended
to cover. The Governor of Massachusetts, in
. 1812, was called upon to furnish the Government
a number of militia to repel invasion. The Gjv-
ernor, under the advice of, the supreme court of
that State, did not furnish her quota of militia, not
believing that there was any danger of invasion;
and, so far as the question of fact was concerned,
there was no invasion. This claim originated in
1814, when there was actual danger of invasion,
and when the whole coast was exposed; and, so
far from the United States sending troops there to
defend that State, she drew them off by enlistments
to defend other soil, and left the whole of the New
England States undefended. The President did
not make a call on that State for mi'itia then.
The people of these States defended their own soil.
They did not refuse to do it. The claim the bill
was intended to indemnify was well founded, on
that principle of law which guarantied payment
for services of militia called out to repel actual in-
vasion, or when there was a well-founded appre-
hension of invasion. If the amendment was to
have any effect at all, it would have the effect to
disallow pay for the services of any militia called
out to repel invasion, except such as was com-
manded by Uhited States officers.
Mr. E. said a law was passed at this very session
to pay Maine for the services of her militia, called
out under similar circumstances, to repel threaten-
ed invasion without the authority of the United
States, and which were not under the officers of the
United States. The Government recognised and
paid these claims so far as Maine was concerned,
and had done so in all cases; and he saw no rea-
son why Massachusetts should be made an excep-
tion to the rule.
Mr. CÜTHBERT remarked that they had heard
from the gentleman from Massachusetts some ex-
planation, certainly; bm they had no information
on the subject from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, upon whom they, in all such cases, must rely
for authentic information. They hada right, at
least, to expect from that committee such explana-
tion as would enable them to vote with a full un-
derstandms of the subject.
Mr. PRESTON said the morning hour had ex-
pired, and moved to lay the bill on the table, for
the purpose of taking up the bill reorganizing the
army.
The question was put, and the motion was agreed
to.
ARMY REGULATION BILL.
|      The bill providing for the organization of the
| army, and other purposes, on motion of Mr. PRES-
\ TOJS^ei «iraraa"of the Cammuige¡o&MUitaryAf- „
1 fairs, Was taken up, as the unfinRHSTiusmesslil-]
I yesterday, being the special order;  the question
h>en$ing being on Mr Kino's motion to strike out
^heJSth section of the bill, which is as follows:
\*$5ec 5 That a competent person may be employed by the
Oronance bureau, under the direction of the Secretíi y of War,
far such ume as may be necessary, to superintend the manu-
facture of iron cannon at the several foundries where such can-
non may be made under contracts with the United States, whewe
pay and emoluments shall not exceed those of a major of ord-
nance during the time he shall be so employed; to be paid out
of the appropihttions for armament of loitincations; and for
the services rendered in such superintendence since the 1st day
of March, 1841, under the authority of the War Department,
the same compensation shall be allowed as herein piovided "
The question was taken on (his motion; and,
without a division, it was negatived.
Mr. BUCHANAN a<ked for explanation in re-
lation to the extension of double ration^, under the
provisions of the sixth section, to officers of the en-
gineer and topographical corps employed at sepa-
rate posts
Mr. PRESTON explained that the object of this
sixth section was to extend the rations heretofore
allowed, but recently abridged, to officers specified
in the laws of 1797 and 1803; but subject to the
general order issued by the department on the 29th
of May, 1842.
The sixth section of the bill is in ¡he following
words:
"Sec. 6. That the rations authorized to be allowed to a briga-
dier while commander-m chief, and to each officer while com-
manding a separate post, by the act of March 3, 1797, and to
«WConroariEhng officers of each separate post, by the act of
Sf*sm«,188a(sa«iw>mfter be allowed only toths officers,
I
and in the cases specified in the regulation dated May 29,1842,
and promulgated by general order number —.
Previous to the date of the general order alluded
to, it was supposed the system of double rations
had, from time to time, been so far extended as to
become burdensome to the treasury, and to amount
to an abuse, which it was necessary toábate. The
department reverted to the laws of 1797 and 1802,
and, by its general order, made such specifications,
according to those laws, as cut off halfor more than
half of the cases which had been found so burden-
some. In that general order, certain officers of the
engineer and topographical corps, in certain cases,
are allowed double rations.
The CHAIR having stated that, if no further
amendments were proposed, the question would be
on ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading—
Mr. WOODBURY observed that he had risen
not to detain the Senate wilh a speech, bat to call
the attention of the Senate to a section of the bill
with regard to which he could speak of the benefi-
cial experience of the Government. He alluded
to the filth section of the bill, providing for the em-
ployment of a superintendent of the casting of can-
non for the public service. It had been found that
guns, like chain cables and anchors, might pass
the first test, yet fail on the second trial, under
much less strain or force. He therefore approved
of the principle of testing the metal before casting,
and of the plan of superintendence proposed.
General Wade, the person employed, was admira-
bly qualified for the situation, both as an expe-
rienced, practical and scientific man.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought it necessary to
amend the sixth section. His impression was, that
the officers to whom double rations were to be al-
lowed ought to be specified in the bill itself, and
not depend upon a reference to other laus or gen-
eral orders. He also conceived that no such allow-
ances ought to be made to officers of the engineer
and topographical corps.
Mr. PRESTON said he believed he could in
part accomplish the object which the Senator from
Kentucky bad in view, by a motion he should sub-
mit to amend the sixth section.
After several sugíestions made by Messis. SE-
VIER, CRITTENDEN, and BUCHANAN.
Mr. Preston's proposed amendment, as modified,
was submitted in the following form, and it was
adopted:
To strike out all after the words "shall hereaf-
ter be allowed'" and insert "to the following offi-
cers,, and no others:
1st. To the Major General commanding the
army, and to every officer commanding-in-chief a
separate army actually in the field.        _        __
ad - "Be- the- setrerars commanding The eastern
and western geographical divisions.
3d. To the colonels or other officers comraanding
military geographical departments.
4th. To the commandant of each permanent or
fixed post, garrisoned with iroops, including the
superintendent of the Military Academy at West
Point.
5th. To the commandant oí each of the armories,
and of each arsenal.
6th. To the officers of the corps of engineers
and topographical engineers having the immediate
command of the men engaged m the construction
of fortifications, or other military works, or in the
improvement of harbors or rivers; but not to in-
clude any superintendent other than the officer hav-
ing such immediate command."
And the first five were adopted.
Mr. PRESTON then moved to insert as an ad-
ditional section, "to the Adjutant General."
Mr. CRITTENDEN required the question to
be first taken on the proposition to allow the rations
to officers of the engineer and topographical corps.
Mr. PRESTON assented that the question should
be so taken.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that, unless every
officer employed by the Government on service
were to get double raiions, or some allowance un-
der the pretence of being in lieu of such rations,
he could not see the propriety of granting engi
neers and topographical officers, merely overseeing
laborers, and for winch, they are amply paid, or, if
they are not, ought to be paid, a sufficiency in their
salanes. He hoped the proposition would not bes
agreed to.                                                    ,        .
The question then came up on adopting this,
amendment; but, a quorum not voting,
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 22, nays
13.
Mr. PRESTON then moved, as a 7th section, to
include in the allowance of rations the Adjutant
General.                                                          _
Mr. KING asked, Why not GUiartermaster Gen-
eral, &c, also?
Mr. PRESTON said he thought all the heads of
departments ought to be included; and he would
therefore modify his amendment as follows:
7th To the Adiatant General, Quartermaster General, Sur-
geon Genera], and Paymaster General.
The question was then taken on this amendment,
and negatived, without a division.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading,
Mr. BERfcdEN moved to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 181, the debate on
which lay over as unfinished business.
The Senate bill No. 181, providing further re-
medial justice in the district courts of the United
States, was taken up.
The CHAIR explained that, on a former day 
the bill had been reported from the committee of
the whole, and was now open to amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that, since the bill was
laít before the Senate, he had come to the conclu-
sion that an amendment should be made to render
the meaning of the passage from the 16th to the
20ih line of Ihe first page more explicit. He
should therefore move to amend the bill as fol-
lows,:
In the stipulation of Gases in which habeas carpía
may be issued by any of the justices of the Su-
preme Court, or any judge of a district court oí
the United States, to amend that beginning in thee
16*h line, as follows: "Or for or on account of
any act done or omitted under any alleged right,,
title, privilege, protection, or exemption, set up or
claimed under the law of nations, or under Ihe
commission, or order, or sanction, of any foreign
State or sovereignty^ [the validity and effect where-
of depend on the law of nations] or under color
thereof."
And, also, in the subsequent paragraph to make
the following part of it, relating to the discharge of
prisoners under such writ, conform to the above,
viz: "It shall appear that the prisoner or prisoners
is or are entitled to be discharged from suctf con-
finement, commitment, custody, or arrest, for or
. byreason jifLsuch- allegad- r%ht,--ht+e,—atrttarrtryT"
* privilege, protection, or exemption, so set up and
claimed [and the law of nations applicable thereto ]'>
The proposed amendments being within brackets.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that the amendment
now proposed changed the ground so much that he
should feel himself obliged to address the Senate
on the general subject, somewhat at large; although
he had intended, unprepared as he was, to do no
more lhan simply to give his vote.
Mr. W. then addressed the Senate for upwards
of two hours, in opposition to the general principle
of the bill. As bis remarks were mostly those of a
legal argument, we cannot make a synopsis of them
that would be intelligible to the general reader.
The CHAIR then stated the amendments, and
they were adopted.
• The question was then propounded on ordering
the bill to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.   But
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the importance of
the question seemed to demand that a full Senate
should be present. He should, therefore, move an
adjournment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 30, 1S42.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi presented the
petition of  Andrew Lee,  sen., a revolutionary
soldier, praying Congress to grant him a psnsion.
Mr. FILLMORE IOse andmüUewas iBstr^gt,e4
