found out that the preservation of the compromise
was an indispensable condition to the distribution
of the proceeds of the public lauds. In the Vir-
ginia Legislature—in the Henrico letter—in all the
former declarations of the President, no such con-
dition was annexed. This repeal of (he distribu-
tion was one of the hard conditions on which the
Democrats would give their support, and which the
power of the President compelled him to accept
He quoted from the veto message, and replied
to many arguments therein—particularly to the
assertion that the land bill oí the extra session
could not have been passed but for the insertion
of the proviso. He (Mr L.) did not vote for that
proviso; but be held that it was inserted m conse-
quence of the rumors of a veto, so rife m Washing-
ton at that time, when it was said that the Presi-
dent would not sanción an unconditional distri-
bution of the land tund.
He replied to the concluding; remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cüshing] on yes-
terday. The gentleman had said this was no great
crins, and could see nothing in the assumption of
power by the President. Tne gentleman was, per-
haps, a servant of the Executive, who cou¿¡ see
nothing but good in his acts This country, after
having passed through the severest struggles with
honor, had now come to a serious catastrophe, and
was called on to yield itself up to  the erring ca-
prices of one man, who had useii the velo, not to
defeat hasty and ill-considered legislation, but to
thwart the exertions of the Representatives of the
people in behalf of the Constitution of their coun-
try. He relied on the people to sustain their Rep-
resentatives in vindicat/ng and upholding the Wood-
bought Constitution rf the United States
A gentleman ha¿ said that the Pre ident repre
sented the peopleof the United S ates! He would
not waste w^ds upon such an argument. He did
not tefer to tfce offic , but to the locum tenens—John
Tyler. H¿ referred to the reasons sen' to the
State Department by the President fo- signing
the apportionment bill, and thereby encouraging
disobedience to the laws bv the States. The action
of loe President on that bill was in keeping wi,h
his course on the present, Let others do as they
might, he would rather smk the army and navy al-
together—he would see the Potomac rise fifty
fathoms above the dome of the Capitol—than sub-
mit to the policy which might be prescribed by
John Tyler.
Mr. WELLER said he should not now say
a word, but for the remarks woich had been made
by gentlemen on the other side of the House, >n
relation to the partv to which he was atiached in
principle and in feeling But a number of the
leaders oí the dominant p-nty h^r« ' id s^id
that the veto of the President upon the little thrift
was the consummation of tie treaty which had
been long in progress between the P evident and
Democratic party The chairman of Ways and
Means—a man occupy.ng no ordinary portion,
and whose declarations were entitled to respect and
consideration, had told the House that, in vetoing
this bill, the President only consummated the
treaty which had been pending during the last s ic
months-. Here, then, was a dtclaration from a re-
«ponsible gentleman, who ordinarily paw great íe-
spect to the opinions of others, and who was ever
careful in the utterance of his own Th  gentle-
man said that the Democratic party bow had their
man—they had what they always contended for,
and what it was their charae'er to seek—the spoils
Did the gentleman [Mr. Fillmore] recillectthe
4 h of March, 1841, when this oty was filled with
hordes of office seeker*? Did he remember tie
thousands from his own State, who then came on
to Washington hunting for the spoils "> What au
thority then had he for charging the Democratic
party with longing alter the spoils? The gentle-
man roust have judged the Democratic party by
his own; or it might be, if he had gotten ¡vs shir-
of those very spoils, he would be in a better hu
mor than at present.
But (continued Mr. W ) could the gentleman
from New York [Mr Fillmore] show that one
member of the Democratic party in the House had
been an applicant for any appointment whatever
under the present Administration?    Was it not
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
known that the very men now most hostile to the
President were those who had been reacted?
were, in fact, disappointed applicants for the spoils?
There would, he imagined, have been no complaint
against Mr Tyler, had he shaped his measures to
suit ihem, and gt/en them the offices wh ch were
asked at his hand> In that case, there would have
been bo complaints, and charges of perfidy from
the universal Whig parly
If he recollected rightly, the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Granger,] who left a certain
cabinet so mysteriously, said that he stood nw
where he stood m 1840, when he fought the mem-
orable battle of that year with the universal Whig
parly He stood then by a cider barrel, upon the
broad platform of a coon skin [Latsgb'^r ] Where
doas he stand now? [Laughter ] What were
then his principles? He did not ask the question
in jest, but earnestly—what were the principles
avowed in that contest' Did the universal Whig
party pledee themselves that a land bill should he
passed? N", not, at least, in his sectim of ihe
country. There, the question of the distribution of
the land fund was not discussed at all Yut the
r arty tell tne House this is now one of their pnn
cipks All he had to say was, that they never
avowed them when they were seeking power.
In the present condition of the universal Whig
party, he could sympathize with its members, had
ituy obtained power by fair means. It i^, indeed,
a mplarcholy sight to see a number of men, after
struggling through twelve arduous years, and after
spmding ad their influcme and money m order to
get into power, distracted and divided so so^n
after their accession A1 the extra session, he was
pleased to hear the remarks made by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Lane,] who came bere
flushed with victory, and who boasted that the
Whig dig waved m tnump'i from one end of the
Un.on to the othei. its measures were then con-
cocted, but not jet avowed. The gentleman from
Indiana LMr. Lane] delivered an elegy on the
Democratic party, and sjid it was dead, without a
hope of resuneciion. It was his (Mr. W's ) for-
tune to reply to the gentleman ai that time He
told him that the Democratic party were not dead—
that we wtre beaten, but would rise with renewed
power and strength. He then told the gentleman
that dissentioBs would show themselves in the
Whig ranks. He told him that there was a differ-
ence between opposing an administration and eq-
uating and supp jrung new measures He warned
him of the divisions that would arise among the
Whigs. And now, without having gamed the
character cf a prophet, the Hou^e saw the evtnt?
which he predicted hat cometo pass. It wa^ a
nghteods judgment op that party, fur the means
u-yuvd o itjun tH tr y>nwer. TLev ¡ ot into
place b/ humbuggery, and he hODed lh y would
sir>k into thf rum wh ch they merited He «hci'd
hate himself if, as a member of the DerrocrAtc
pa tv, S^e cou'd wish it restored to po-ier through
sufh giOss trauds as were pracve 1 on the other
side.                                             •
Tne gen'leman from New York [\Ir Granger]
said he stood up here in de'enc? ci bis fjxod punct-
p'es Wtiit were thosp principles wren that gen-
t eaiep entered the cabinet of the Piesident—^nat
were they  h<>n he wnt oui? [Lang it r] Tr>e
gentleman sa 1 tne Democratic paity come ded for
the ^poi.s Will he tell u how many vic'imj were
guillotined wMlst ha remained n t'ie po-,t Oifice
Depar menf? Were there ro spoil, then for
wh di thp g n Icman himself contended"*
Mr GRANGER sa d ne woida answer t >e qnes-
tion which h?d been put to him. Tne numoer was
se/enteen hundred.
Mr. WELLER. Yes' reven teen hundred mdi-
vidn?ls tarnea out of office during th« short career
of the gentleman; and had he remained in office
two weeks lorger—
Mi. GRANGER would also give the gentleman
information on tb^s head Had he remained two
weeks inore, three thousand y.ould have beui add-
ed to the list, nialrnig 4,700 m all
Mr. "WELLER. These seventeen hundred men
wete vic'im zed to this lust after the snoiN, before
t>e gentleman himself became a victim, [iaugh'er]
This, too, is the gentleman r ho talks about the
to l
spoils! Imagine the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means,-with his pockets
full of recommendations, gomg to the Post Office
Department to get the gentleman [Mr. Granger]
to remove men wbnse only crime was, that they
voted for Mr. Van B iren/or President! He^fMr.
W ) undertook to say that numbers were removed
for no oiber reason, exeept their having voted for Mr.
Van^uren. The gentleman [Mr Granger] said
Ip himself, when deliberating upon a proposed re-
moval, "Did this man vote for Mr. Van Buren?—
that is the question," [laughter ] He put it to the
gentleman to say, whether he did not remove num-
bers on that ground alone.
Mr. GRANGER said he was not now prepared
to answer the question; but the Post Office Depart-
ment would show as nice a set of records as were
ever kept, prior to any execution.
Mr. WELLER said that migr.t be considered an
answer by some, but he could not so regard it. He
would show the gentleman a case of removal on
the ground he had referred to, but that he supposed
the gentleman was aware of all the circumstances.
H- cou'd refer to instances in his own district.
Had the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gran-
ger] retained his share of "the spoils," probably
he would not have broken out into such an invec-
tive against the Executive. He meant no disre-
spect to the honorable gentleman, for, personally,
he entertained kindly feelings towards him.
Some gentlemen had discussed the question be-
fore the House, as if the House of Representatives
had all the power of the Government. It it was de-
signed by the Constitution that the House alone
should enact laws, why we e all bills sent to the
Senate and the President for their concurrence?
Wss thp signature of a bill by the President a mere
matter of form 1 Was he bound to sanction every
measure presented to him ?
The advocates of this junior tariff bill—this
twelve line, or half an hour, measure—had said
that it had the sanction of the people; that it was
the essence of the popu'ar will; and that, in ve-
toing it, the Pre ident had shown disrespect to the
will oí the people, as expressed 'hrojgh their Rep-
resen atives The P'e«ident, he thought, had as
much right to say that he was acting in conformity
to t'ie will of the people as Congress. That the
majo-itv here misrepresent their constituents, we
haddvidence from the ballot-box at the receat elec-
tions throughout the country. There was not a
reasonable doubt about ihe fact. The peoplp might
have voted the Whigs nto power in 1840, but
they had a right to chpnge their opinions, and the
result of the elections showed that they had
changed.
It was strange, passing strange, that gentlemen,
in i'iTus-irs &" imp irtsnl principles of a bill
Ike ibis, could not cio so without reproving the
Deimcra ic rarty. The Democratic par'y have
had to answer for what were called the Ains of the
Executive Vvmlst the Whigs had all the dis-
tinguí bed offices and po=;ts nf honor, and nearly
ah the p&uonppe of the Government, ihey stiU
persisied in charging the Democratic party with an
attachment and a hinkering after th« «polls. He
(\lr W ) to«k occasion to say fiat he had not
bee'i an ?pplirant for rffice from this Administra- -
t on, ?nd would not accept of any wi hm its gift.
Yet, he believed that the President was actuated
so'ely by the drsire to advance the interest of his
country. For this opinion he might be called a
friend of'he Piesident, and bis peculiar advocate.
But be cared not He should soon go to <he rich
valley of the O i'o, and thtie make bis appeal to
the intelligent people of that country. 1Í he should
be put do ?n, he should take more pleasure m
g nog out of Congress than he ever had in com-
ing here
Hp referred to the various charges made against
toe D micratic party, who were called levellers,
agrarians, barn-burner0, &c He disregarded these
charges, because they were brought against every
man who dared to raise bis voic  against exclusive
lepislat on. If the term Loeofoco meant one who
opposed the conferring on some men powers not
enjoyed by other>, he was a Loco, dyed in the
wool, h mattered not what appellations were ap-
plied to him as a politician.
