'*tü%
CONGRESSIONAL OLOfeÉ.
The Whigs came into power, flushed with their
extraordinary Saccess. They attempted io"carry
out the odióos measores of 1791. But (said Mr.
W.) you will be driven from the high places of the
land by the people. Theif sovereign power will
send you back to the retirement from which you
ought never to have come. [Laughter ] You have
yet to settle your accounts; and "a new set of
books will be opened." [Laughter ] Yon will
find that your names are not recorded among ihe
elected of Heaven. [Laughter ] According to the
calculation which he (Mr W.) had made, about
12(1 members now here, will, at the first session of
the next Congress, be m the shades of private life.
The seats which you now occupy and know so
well, will know you no more. [Laughter.] The
sceptre has departed. [Laughter.] You playej
a few "fan'astic tricks before high Heaven," but
you will soon have to return to your constituents
forever! [General laughter.] Should he (Mr.
W.) be able to spare time from his congressional
duties to go and sympathize with those gentlemen
in their adversity, and console them for their de-
feats, he should take very great pleasure is afford-
ing them any such friendly consolation. [Laugh-
ter]
But for the course of remarks indulged in by
some of the gentlemen who addressed the House,
he should not have said a word about their mis-
fortunes. Had they pursued a magnanimous
course, and not exulted over a fallen foe, he should
have remained silent on this occasion. But they
were now reaping the fruit of the policy which they
had pursued. In the language of one of their
choice and favorite songs, they said—
"We'll go ioi Tjppccaooe and Tylev too,
Without a. why or wherefore "
They took the<,e men as a man would lake a
bank note—without knowing its value They at-
tempted to pass them off for more than the/ were
worth, and now are caught in their own trap.
[Laughter ]
In 1840, it was known that Mr. Tyler did not
agree wnh the Whigs in principle. Yet he was
supported because of that very disagreement. He
was elevated lo his present station by pn act of
God. He was your man, (said Mr. W ) Ycu
elevated him to office; and now you are answerable
lor him. [Laughter ] The President occupies the
same position which was assumed by Gen Ham
son in his inaugural address, in relation to the veto
power. He has only excised it on tho same oe
casions which were laid down as proper for its uie
by Gen Harrison. Did you expect him to forget
all his principles, all his past political associations,
merely for the sake of preserving harmon} in the
univtrssL IKtag-party'
~~ "When that party caTBe into y o«x«trthfiy attempt-
ed to carry every thing by caucus When any matter
oame up m the House suddenly,  >n adjournment
was moved, and a caucus held in some ot the lower
rooms of th« Capitol, in order to see ll the refrac-
tory members of the wmversal Whig paity could not
be whifpeTf in. [Laughter ] The next day the
edict was always passed wuhm the twinkling of
an eye. It was amumg to the Democratic minor
lty to see the fac.lity wth which ihe refractory
spirits were brought to toe the mark.
Yet there was ? lutle band—the gjiurd—who
could not be whipped into the trace . They hud
some notions of republicanism still lef; an 1 tney
resisted the tests which wete applied o them From
that day lo the present, the guaní have been kicked
and cuffed from all quarters. [Laughter ] To see
a small body of í <eor six men standing up against
the universal W lug party, was, indeed, enough to
excite admiration Mr. W. referred to the history
of events at the extra session, and the efforts ms>de
to induce ihe President to sign a ba' k oil). Tbe
party—many of them—admitted that the bank
might be unconstitutional; yet it was necessary to
preserve the universal Whig parly, and therefore
they asked the President to yield to the mandates
of their caucus.
These caucuses were held on every occasion—
even on points of order.    When a tariff bill had
to be proposed, one or two threatened   to  voir
against the whole, if the ínteres s of their districts,
* pere not «eluded m the protection affords J    He
believed the gentleman from Rhode IsUnd [Mr.
Tillingdast] stood up and demanded the protec-
tion of pins.   [Great laughter.]
Mr. TILLINGHAST said there was no pin
manufactory in his State 
Mr. WELLER thought the gentleman had pre-
sented a memorial to that effect last year.
Mr. TILLINGHAST said it was true that the
Committee on Manufactures had directed him to
repoit a odl for the protection of pins; but the pe-
tition came from New York, and not Rhode
Island.
Mr. WELLER said he might have been mista-
ken. Some gentlemen neat him, however, sug-
gested that the gentleman might have made a
movement for the protection of jws [Laughter ]
Be that as it might, there were interests enough m
the caucus to demand protecion.
He referred to the rnanmer m which the land
bill was gotten through at the extra session, and
the proviso which was attached to it; and without
which, the Prtsident would not have signed it.
While dwelling on this subject, a member near
him mentioned the bankrupt law. Mr. W. said
he would not speak of that law. Suffice it to say,
that never was such an outrage committed on
respectable legislation as wasaffoided by the man-
ner of its passage.
They had lately passed a junior tariff bill, and
endeavored to commit the President to the princi-
ple of unconditional distribution, thinking that,
should he sign this, he could not refuse to sign the
larger tariff bill But the President held thern to
the compromise, an i vetoed the lutle tariff. Did
any one believe that he would have done so if he
could have avoided the aci? The veto power was
one of the con?erva'ive principles of the Govern-
ment, and there was no danger of a Presiden' go-
ing out of his way to exercise it This measure
was not passed wuh sufficient deliberation. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
endeavored to take it out of committee and pass it
in half an hour.
Mr FILLMORE said he desintd it to be under-
stood thai the Committee of Ways and Means was
not responsible for the resolution he introduced
for taking the bill out ol committee. That re«oln
tion was entirely his own, and offtred on his own
individual responsibility. He also took the present
occasion to correct an assertion repeatedly made
m one of the papers of the city, and on the floor of
the House, that he had cndea/oied to have the
provi íonal tariff bill passed in half an hour The
tru'h was, when he offered his resolution, the bill
had been under di^cussior one who e dayA(laugh-
ter,) and unless dacuie4 *faeir,~wc-uTcTnave to go
over to the next week. Conceiving the nececsity
for its speedy passage, there was no other courbe
waieb he could have adopted to effect that object.
Mr WELLER said his recollection cf the cir-
cum,innees «u this In the afternoon of the day,
the gentleman from Virginia [Vtr Gilmfr] got the
floor, and the committee rose; when the gentleman
[Mr Fillmore] offered his resolution for deposing
of tbe bill in half an hour It might have been
debatfd three or four hours that day; but was that
sufficient time to examine a bill, important in its
consequences, and to which many o* us were op-
posed? If that was not hasty legislation he knew
not what was. Moreover, after the bill pass-
ed the Senate, it was brought back here, and
passei under the application of the previous
question. The majority, tho>.gh they had
the power to silence debate, could not take from
the President the light wveh the Constitu-
tion gave him to intercept its passage. If they
could, he (Mr W ) had no doubt but mat they
would even gag him Dii the President refuss to
sanctnn snv measure of'he parn here, he was de-
nounced as a trai'or. Would any one charge him
with beiig a traitor to his country No; but a
traitor to toe universal Whig party, because he
would not sacrifice his pnncpies, and violate his
ro.1 science. He wa«i willing to let the people say
frh<"her or not the President was guilty.
After some further interesting remarks from Mr.
WeI/LER—
Mr. CARUTHERS obtained the floor, and
moved an adjournment; which prevailed.
And at half past 4 o'clock, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
FruruT, July 1,1842.
Mr BATES presented a memorial from Frank-
Ira Whitney, praying to be protected m his right to
a patent; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers
of William and J mes Crooks.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, leave was granted
to withdraw from the hies the peti ion and papers
of Mrs. Mary W. Thompson.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented to the Senate the
preceedings'of a ma<s meeting of the citizens of
Pittsburg and its vicinity, held on the 22d ultimo,
in favor of a protective tariff. Mr B said that,
from he names appended to the call for this meet-
ing, (numbering, as they did, about fourteen hun-
dred,) a  well as from the names of its officers, and
those who addressed it, there was no doubt that the
meeting was what it purported to be, "without dis-
tinction of party." He would also say that, from
bis knowledge of (he individuals who had com-
posed this meeving, he believed they were men of
as much intelligence, respectability, and moral
worth, as any similar number which could be con-
vened in any portion of the United States. The
resolutions which they had adopted were all deci-
dedly in favor of a protective tariff.
Mr. B said he would tak  this occanon to re-
mark, that smce he had been m public life, there
never had been so propitious n moment as the
present for adjusting the tariff question upon a per-
manent and satisfactory basis. If tue hopes of the
couniry upon this subject were destined 'to defeat,
it was now rendered manifest that it would be
solely because of its forced and unnalu-al con-
nexion with the distribution of the proceeds of the
public lands The revenue nece'sary to meet the
expenses of the Government, and gradually to ex-
tinguish the existing public debt, would require the
imposition of duties sufficiently high to afford all
the incidental protection to manufactures which
they require. In the assessment of these duties,
whilst revenue should be his mam object, he would
discriminate—and especially would he discriminate
in favor of such manufactures as were essentially-
necessary to render us independent of foreign na-
tions in time of war He concurred entirely with
General Jackson in his celebrated message toCon-
gress of Jhe_16th Jasuaiy-, W33, írTTeTaüón to the
South Carolina controversy,—that it would rot be
proper to provide that "the same rate of duty shall
be imposed upon the protected articles that shall
be imposed upon the unprotected; which, more-
over, wou'd be severely oppressive to the poor, and,
ib tune of war, would add greatly to Us rigors "
No civilized na'ion upon the face of the eanh had
ever adepted a uniform horizontal scale of duties
upon all articles, whether of great or small bulk or
value, or whether their importation were prejudi-
cial or beneficial to the country. And whilst he-
would not consent to raise one cent more of rev-
enue than was necessary for an economical ex-
penditure of the Government, he would discrimi-
nate, mode-ately and judiciously, m favor of all
tha great interests of the country, whether they
were agricultural, mechanical, commercial, or
manufacturing.
Mr. SMITH of Indiima,from the Committee on
Publ.c Land', reported bar-k, without amendments.
Hove bill entitled "An act to compensate the
township of Dublin, m Mercer county, Ohio,
for me loss of <0>ioo] lands   The bill, as It came
from the House, provided for a compensation of six
dohars per acre for so much of the school section
as wps covered by reserves to Anthony Shane ana
Lewis Godfrey, that being the appraised value of
the lands. The amendment gives two dollars per
acre, instead of sir, that being the minimum price
of the land at the time it was granted to the reser-
vees.
Mr. S. alio reported, from the same committee.
