CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sbss.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1842.
Volume 11---No. 45.
[Continuii from No 44
correct—and, from the hasty perusal he had given
the message, he was ineimed to think they were not,
at least as he understood them—there would be an
obvious necessity for some additional legislation;
and be doubted exceedingly whether that addition-
al legislation conid, under the plain meaning of the
Constitution, originate anywhere but in the other
House. This was a point which required some
deliberation and for the proper examination of
which, it was desirable time should be given until
to-morrow morning, at least; for it would be obvi-
ous that if the bills could not originate m the Sen-
ate, it would be unnecessary to introduce ihem ;
and if they are so limited in their object as to be of
no avail in the collection of revenue, their introduc-
tion is equally unnecessary. So that, it may be,
whether on the ground that the revenue can be
collected without them, or that it can only be by
them, and by virtue of them alone, collect-
able, they are equally liable 10 objection. There
is, however, a doubt—an uncertainty; and that
is a state of things which, he was ready to admit,
ought not for a moment to exist. It is a state of
things which ought not to continue four-and-twenty
hours, if it can be helped; for, by that continuation,
the whole revenue of the country may be thrown
into litigation, the national resources and industry
may be deranged, and effects produced of the
worst consequences. He was desirous, by some
act of legislation, to check this danger before it
went any further. It was particularly unfortunate
that such a state of ttungs should exist; and he felt
confident no time would be lost by Congress in ap-
plying whatever remedy was m its power. But
that remedy, he thought, would have to be origina-
ted in the other branch of the National Legislature,
where the Constitution says all measures for rais-
ing revenue must originate.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
says he has carefully framed these bills so as not
to trench upon the question of distribution, as the
land bill Will go on m full force, the same as if no
such bills were passed. If so, no objection could
be against them on that score; and the question of
entertaining them would turn upon the right to
originate them here, or whether anything more
than now existed could be effected, even if it was
proper to entertain them. He would not, how-
ever, offer any impediment to their introduction.
Mr. ALLEN said be believed the design of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire was to
settle the question whether there were, at this time,
any revenue laws in force m this country. The
opinion had been expressed that no law, by which
the duties on imports, cauid be collected, would be
in existence after the 30th day of June just past.
The mere expression of this opinion, he (Mr. A.)
believed would have the effect, unquestionably, of
putting every dollar 01 the revenue to be derived
from the customs, after this date, into litigation.
The importing merchants would not be willing to
pay over the duties under a law, the validity of
which was disputed by those who had the best op-
portunity of knowing what tlie meaning of the
law really was. It was perfectly apparent, there-
fore, that if Congresi did not take .«orne action on
the subject, and place the question beyond a doubt,
they should have no «lunes accruing under any ex-
isting law afier this date.
Som  of ¡hf remarks of the Senator f>om Con-
necticut, he though', w-re deserving of some ic-
ply Tne Senator had spoken about the responsi-
bility auMitg from this unioriuna'e s.ate of thmps
_unfor,u..a-e a, ercry -:ena'or .-dmi'ted t .at they
were—m which the omnuy wis .it presen p ae d
If that reaponsioiltty r^ted a it on that^.d, o. u.e
house.it cer'atnlr rü not on tn>s ine reason
why there were now m revenue law-, according
to the argument 01 honorable Senators opposite,
was, that a question had arisen between Congress
and the ExecuTive about the distribution of the
public lands; and that upon this que'tion, the reve-
nue bill fell lifeless to the ground.   This side of
the house had no tears to shed over the prostration
of the distribution act, any more than they had
over the bank bills, which had been vetoed long
ago.   Nor had the gentlemen opposite any reason
to complain of them, for they well knew that, long
before the present Administration came into pewer,
the Democratic side of the Senate had uniformly
been opposed to distribution, as tbey had been to the
banks.   They had not changed their position; they
had  incurred no responsibility for this state of
things; they had opposed no unjust obstacles to the
salutary legislation of  the country.   If it were
tine, as intimated on the. other side—ana he (Mr.
A.) was not going to dispute it—that there were
now no laws by which the Government could de-
rive   one dollar  from customs, he had only to
say that the Government was in a most deplorable
condition—a condition more deplorable than was
ever brought about in any country, in a period of
profound peace.    They were told that they could
not obtain a loan; that the credit of the country
was exhausted; that its  treasury notes were at a
depreciation, and going down day by day.   They
were told, not that the incoming revenue was in-
sufficient to support the Government, but that they
had no revenue—that they were actually without
revenue.   The Government of this country, then,
to all intents and purposes was aground, stranded,
wrecked, a sheer hülk.   This was the condition of
the Government at this moment—fifteen months
after its administration had passed from the Demo-
crat party, under whom only it had ever flourished
and vegetated.   The responsible party had been in
power for fifteen  months—since the 4th March,
1841; and Congress, the law-making power of this
Republic, had been in session for ten months and
fourteen days out of that time.   With a trium-
phant and intelligent majority in both Houses, and
with a President of their own choice—now, after fif-
teen months and fourteen days of power, they were
told on this floor the sad and melancholy story, that
wh i le the character and credit of the Government are
exhausted, there is no law by which one dollar can
be   brought   into   the   public   treasury ;    whilst
the expenses of the Government, so far from being
dimim«hed, were daily augmenting.     While this
state of things  at admitted on all hands to be
exceedingly deplorable, and while Senators en the
other side pndeavored to fix this sort of negative
responsibility ou them, and say that their side of
the chamber was not responsible—seeming clearly
to imply that the Democratic party were responsi-
ble—it became  necessary that tbey should stand
up, and, by stating what were really the facts, to
exonerate themselves from the imputation.   What,
he would ask, was the immediate cause of there
being no revenue bill?   The extra session of Con-
gress; or—to go back in the order of time m which
these events took  place—the present majority in
Congress una the President assumed, by the voice
of the people, the power  of government on the 4th
of March, 1841.    On  the 17th   day   of   March
proclamation issued for the call of an extraordina-
ry session.    On the 31st of Ma? Congress met in
obedience to the call; and on the 7th day of June,
the eighth day of the session, the journal showed
thece resolutions.
[Mr. A. then read from the journal certain reso-
lutions introduced by Mr. Cay, declara.ory of the
purposes for which Congress had assembled, and
particularizing the passing of a revenue bill as the
most impor ant.]
Tae íesolu ion-? which he had just lead formed
M* aulhor.ty by wh cli ti>e business of the extra
e-iion wr.  -hapf.t add directed; and one of t.iem
pointed eif-.i-'csly to the important rna'ter of reve-
nue. Since the pre* nlmeui of that r> solution,
Congre-s had been in sc sion ten months and seven
days; and yet gentlemen hai not had an oppor'u-
ni'y of originating tome revenue law, by which
they might have avoided the frightful calamity
which had now fallen upon them.
One of the points which had been settled and de-
termined at the extra session was, that the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of the public lands should
cease whenever it became necessary that the duties
on imports should exceed 20 per cent.   This was
a subject determined upon by those who constituted
the responsible party.   Suppose, then, this decision
had been adhered to. Now, fee (Mr. Allen) would
not stop to inquire whether they were right or
wrong; but the question was, as to the effect of the
refusal to adhere to that determination, which had:
been come to at the extra session.   It became the
issue between the gentlemen on the other side and
the President of the United States; and it was that
which had produced the veto which had been given
the other day.    In consequence of the solemn de-
cision of Congress at the extra session that the pub-
lic land fund should cease to be distributed wh,?ft 
ever the duties transcended 20 per cent., (he ques-
tion  was presented to the President in the bill
which he vetoed.    Had Congress stuck to the de-
cision which was then made, the hill would not
have been vetoed; and, consequently, a revenue
law would have been in existence.    He intended
to say nothing about the understanding which had
been said to exist about putting in that restriction
into the distribution bill.   The on y question with
which he had anything to do was to* consumma-
tion, the completion, the  passing of the act, with,
the provision incorporated.   As to the vie«.s taken
by the President ot the United States, or the course
he chose  to adopt in relation to the vetoes, they
were not matters under the control of Senators on
this side; and yet the gentlemen opposite, by im>
plication, cast upon them the responsibility of leav-
ing the country in the sad predicament of having
no revenue law.   They certainly could not prop-
erly be chargeable.    They had cianged no ground 
If the President had vetoed the distribution law,, he
had, by doing so, simply voted with the Democratic
party; and he would be sustained by them on this
occasion, as a matter of course.   He had been in-
duced  to make these  remarks, simply  to show
where the true responsibility resteá, and to exon-
erate himself and his friends upon ¡his vie from
the imputations which  were attempted to be cast
upon them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said the motive and the
object of the Senator from New Hampshire was,
in his judgment, a commendable une. They were
placed m a mou anomalous and extraordinary
condition, resulting from the fact th.it it was ex-
ceedingly doubtful, taking the opimrns of every
gentleman who had spoken on the subject, whether
there existed any law by which the revenue of the
country eould be collected. The object of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire was to remove those
doubts. He (Mr. C ) was one ot those who en-
tertained very serious doubts as to whether the
Senate was capable of originating a bill such as
had been proposed by the honorable gentk man,
and he hoped the honorable gentleman would have
no objection to permit the subject to lie over for
one day at least, that gentlemen might have an op-
portunity of thinking upon the subject, and ma-
king up their opiniens.
Although ihe bill had not direc ly, and in terras,
for its object the raisio  r.r >ner<a*t£K of revenue,
yet it seemed to hm tlia , m cfiert, it was
a revenue bill; and .f ?*u ti-rei supposed a
doubt to exist as to ti>; ngu' oí the Govern-
ment to collect a cent of icini", certainly
the bill which would enable ihem to do so
must be considered a reienu- bill While he
entirely concurred, tbeie'de, in f*e propriety of
Ihe honorable gpntlTnan'-i p't p >-■ linn lostt, if pos-
sible, those doubts at ie«r. "e ¡nu t Ü3 peimitted to
say that hii present impresión was mat ihey had
no power to original  such a i< 1 To  qiicstnn,
however, had been sprung ¡>ud''eii!y upon them,
and he des'red a Utile time to eoisid r ot it; and
if he could bring his mind to the roaclusion that it
was co-mp stent for them to do so, he would very
