manufacturing interests were now made aware
that, instead of the protection which they might de-
rive from the 20 per cent, duties of the compromise
act, they were to have no protection at all. It is,
in fact, a declaration to them that the immense
capital of European competitors may be embarked
in importations to come into this country and in-
undate it in a month with foreign manufactured
goods, duty free, enough to la t its consumption
for a period as long as that of the seige of Troy.
But, although it was so confidently asserted on the
other side that no duties could be collected under
existing laws, he (Mr. W.) was not of that
opinion. He confessed, however, that until he
had collated the laws of 1839, 1833, and 1841, and
considered them as a body of enactments declara-
tory on the subject, he, too, had had his doubts; but
a thorough examination of these laws had satisfied
him that, taken together, they left no possibility of
a shadow of doubt that the 20 per cent, to which
the duties are limited in the compromise act, can
be collected. The law of 1833, restricted by the
law of 1833 as to the amount of per centage on
imports to be assessed for revenue, not being re-
pealed by the restriction, continues in force, in con-
formity with the compromise act, as recognised by
the declaratory acts up to the act of 1841. The
latter shovs conclusively that its own efficacy, as a
law, depends on the restriction of the act of 1833
being carried out; which restriction is, that the
revenue collected by virtue of the law of 1832
shall not, after the 30th of June, 1842, exceed 20
per cent.
Here Mr. W. met the arguments on the oppo-
site side of the question, grounded on certain sec-
tions in the several laws referred to, by which it
was assumed that no duties could be collected un-
der existing laws, and showed that these passages
did not bear the construction put upon them. And
he contended that—even if the argument was good
that the clause in the compromise act would
repeal the machinery of the law of 1832 depending
on the ad valorem principle—it would be set aside
on the ground that the home valuation principle
was not valid, being unconstitutional; and, there-
fore, that clause of the law of 1833 was a nullity,
and could not repeal a former law. That the home
valuation, as now contended for, could not be con-
stitutional, he would prove from the provisions of
the Constitution; and if he showed that; there was
an end to the argument that the machinery of the
law of 1832 was repealed by the act of 1833.
Mr. W. then read from the 8ih section of the
first article of the Constitution, ihe provision that
"All duties, imposts, and excises, shall be uniform
throughout the United States;" and he contended
that it would be utterly impossible to assess duties
on the home-valuation principle, without palpable
violation of this provision of the Constitution. So
much, therefore, of any act as violates the Consti-
tution, is invalid, and the Supreme Court had long
since decided that a portion of an act may be in-
valid without destroying the efficacy of other por-
tions. One clause may he a nullity, and the rest
stand good, and be of full effect. Now, this home
valuation is a flagrant violation of no less than two
express provisions of the Constitution.
He had read one of these provisions, and would
now read the other. It was in the ninth section of
the first article of the Constitution. The fifth para-
graph expressly says, "No preference shall be
given, by any regulation of commerce or revenue,
to the ports of any one Siate over those of another."
But how was ibU home-valuation principle to
work? Liok to its ¡evitable effects on the two
ports—New York and New Orleans. Suppose two
cargoes of foreign silks, of equal qtial ties a'id foreign
value, imported—one into New York and the other
into New Orleans : how is ¡he home value to make
the duties uniform? To rer,d-r the values uni-
form, after payment of the d.uy, 25 per c nt. must
be co!lce:ed m the ens, and 30 per tint, in the
other—for the ra'es of freight, msu-a re, and
charges, are quite different So that, to make the
ultimate value equ%l, unequal duties must be collect-
ed, in direct violation ef the provision he had first
read from the Csns'itution; and if, to avoid that, ihe
duties are made uniform—that is, the same in New
York as in New Orleans—the second provision of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Constitution must be palpably violated; for it
will be giving an advantage of from five to ten par
cent, to one of these ports over the other; that is, if
the same duty be levied on the silks, according to
the home value in New York, including cost,
freight, insurance, charges, and duty, the home
price will be from five to ten per cent, less than, by
the same process, the price of the same goods
in New Orleans; thus palpably giving a prefer-
ence or advantage of from five to ten per cent, to
New York over New Orleans, in direct violation
of the provision of the Constitution. Every port,
from Maine to Louisiana included, would have
either a rate of duty different from other ports, or an
advantage or disadvantage, contrasted with other
ports, contrary to Ihe guaranty of the Constitution,
and directly in violation of it.
His object was to show that a clause in any law
making a provision in itself unconstitutional, must
be a nullity, and cannot, therefore, repeal a clause
in a previous law. On this principle, it could not
now be argued that the machinery of the law of
1832 could not be put in force to-day, (the 1st of
July,) without violation of the compromise act; for
the clause in the compromise act which it would
interfere with was itself a nullity, being unconsti-
tutional.
The bills, therefore, now introduced by his
friend the Senator from New Hampshire, were
very properly grounded on the assumption that
there was nothing to prevent the machinery of the
law of 183a from being made use of to collect the
revenue of 20 per cent, till Congress shall provide
some machinery to supersede it.
He had his doubts, as well as the gentlemen on
the other side, whether any immediate regulations
of appraisement could be made; and, in the midst
of all these doubts, the most his friend from New
Hampshire proposed to do, was to set aside what is
doubtful for more mature deliberation, and take
what is practicable, and about which there can be
no doubt. It rescues the Government from all pos-
sibility of doubt, and insures the collection of the
revenue, at the same time that it rescues the com-
merce and the industry of the country from the em-
barrassment and derangement which any uncer-
tainty, whether well or ill founded, must create.
Tiiis could be done to-day. Why not now pass
the first of these bills, and put at rest all doubts?
It is not too late; for the reduction, according to
the compromise act, does not go into effect till to-
day: and a law passed «ithin the day will take ef-
fect, so as to avoid one dollar of loss to the treas-
ury. If there is an evil so dangerous to the Gov-
ernment and to the indusiry of the country, why
not prevent it, by instantly passing this bill, which
can be superseded, if necessary, as soon as Con-
gress shall have matured a more permanent
measure?
He should not now enter into the crimination
and recrimination so eloquently condemned by the
Senator from Kentucky, while comparing the Pres-
ident of the United States to a little midshipman;
nor should he inquire whether the President was
a midshipman or not. But he could not help say-
ing that, if he was nothing but a midshipman, he
had had in his late, as well as he has in his present
Cabinet,commodores and admirals tinder his com-
mand as high m fume and aspirations as any in
t'ne countr}; and he pre.umed they would not have
consented to s-erve under him it they really consid-
ered hmi only a mere midshipman.
He could not see with what propriety Ihe gentle-
men opposite could affect to be taken by surprise
by this veto of their temporary tariff distribution
bill. They bad had a long session, in which they
might have matured the law they say is necessary
to carry into effect the compromise act. They had
been admonished by the Executive of the necessity
for timely gc ion. When even the little tariff bill
came from ¡he House, and there were upwards of
ten days left for the action of the Senate, they kept
•it back. They were warned by sh« Senator from
New Hampshire of the necessity for giving the
Executive full lime to deliberate upon it. He
himself had offered then to forego b>s right to the
floor to address the Senate on the MnLeod Dill, (the
habeas corpus bill for further remedial justice in the
district courts of the United States;) but they would
rot
not accept the offer; and they kept back the bill t 
the very last moment. There was no delay occa-
sioned by him or his friends—it was their o *n de-
lay. Tne Executive did not keep the bill a moment
beyond the time respect tor the living and the deai
permitted him to return it. He had had it but two
days; and during those days the sol-mn occasion,
which prevented Congress attending to business
■ forbade that he should lay his veto on the coffin of
one of its most esteemed and lamented members.
He could not return it sooner, without a violation,
of propriety. But even to-day—now that it is not
too late—why is not the Senator from Connecticut,
(so ardent for the full replen:shment of the treasury
and the incidental protection which revenue affords
to industry) clamorous for a bill to prevent the
calamities which he depicts so vividly and vehe-
mently? Why dies he not come up to the work,
and show as strong a disposition for acting as for
declaiming? Why not call upon bis friends to
adopt some mode of averting ihe.e calamities? Is
it because he means to take the stand that he and
bis friends are not responsible for such a state of
things, that he will ovike no effort to avert the erils
he asserts are impending over the countrj?
Mr. PHELPS observed that as the Senator
from Kentucky had withdrawn bis motion to post-
pone the subject till to-morrow, he would move to
lay the motion to introduce the bill; on the table.
Mr. WOODBURY observed thet, when the Sena-
tor from Kentucky had concluded his remarks 
he (Mr. W.) was about to acquiesce in any pro-
position to postpone the tubject till to-morrow, if
the Senator and his friends considered it necessary
to have time to consider the matter.
Mr. CRITTENDEN suggested the propriety of
ordering the bills to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS renewed his motion to lay on the
table, and also moved that the bills be printed.
Both motions were then concurred in.
Mr. SIMMONS, from the Committee on Manu-
factures, to which had been referred so much of
the message of the President of the United States
of the 7th December, as related to the tariff of du-
ties, and the message of the, 25th of March last,
made an elaborate report, accompanied by a bill5
fixing a tariff of duties.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved the printing of three
thousand extra copies oí the report and bill.
Mr. KING desired first to examine the report,'
before he could consent to the printing of ihe ex-
tra number. He hoped, therefore, the usual quan-
tity would be ordered to bs printed firs:; which,
being done, Senators would be enabled to ¡¡«certain,
the nature of the report.
Mr. MOREHEAD could not consent to the de-
lay that would be occasioned. He preferred that
the question should be put as moved.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, though he was a mem-
ber of the Committee on Manufactures, he had
not, from accidental cause, h ard the report read;
and he did not, therefore, know what was con-
tained in the report. Courtesy to the estimable
chairman would induce him logo for the printing
of the report. He would "go it blind," and with
pleasure vote for the printing. It was a report
matured after great labor; and whether its conclu-
sions were correct or not, it contained a great deal
of information.
Mr. KING persisted in his request. He wished
to see the usual quantity printed first; and, if it was
such a document as would justify his voting for
the printing of the extra quantity, he would cheer-
fully do so; but he was not willing to send a docu-
ment to the countiy, and thus to endorse Us prin-
ciples and arguments, without first knowiag what
it was. If t.ie Senator Horn KemucWy [Mr. Moke-
head] pers-ted in his motion, he would move to
lay it on the table.
Mr. CUlTTSiiDSN «aid this was a report
drawn wp • ith grf at abiii y. The committee had
collected a great'deal of valuable info.-mjtion; and
his comte^y to that cowuvttee wuJd certainly
warrant turn ia voting /or the printing of 3,1'GO
copies
The question was taken on ori'ring the usual
quantity tobe printed, and decide i ¡n the affirma-
tive.
Mr. KING movfd to lay the, motion to print
