CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3,000 copies additional on the table, until he could
have an opportunity to examine the principles of
the report.
Mr. LINN said it was certainly but a reason-
able request of any Senator to have time to ex-
amine into the report before voting to give it cir-
culation in the country. For if it was found, on
examination, to contain the principle of protection
independent of that of revenue, it must have an in-
fluence on the votes of honorable Senators.
Mr. MOREHEAD was understood to say that
it diá not contain such a principle.
Mr. PRESTON said he would be glad to know
whether it was the report of the committee.
Mr. SIMMONS was understood to say that it
was, with the exception of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bdshanam,] who was
absent when it was read.
Mr. BUCHANAN stepped into the commitlee-
sroom when the honorable chairman was finishing
it. He did not, therefore, hear but a portion of it
read.
Mr. ARCHER made some remarks in favor of
printing. But, at the same time, he did not con-
sider that the agreeing to print it would be con-
strued into an endorsement of its principles.
The question was put, and 3,000 copies ad-
ditional were ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, 3,000 copies
additional were ordered to be printed of the memo-
rial of Mr. Leavitt, which was directed this morn-
ing, at the instance of the Committee on Agricul-
ture, to be printed.
The Senate bill to provide for further remedial
justice in the district courts of the United States,
was then taken up as the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut addrsssed the Sen-
ate in opposition to the general principles of the
bill on the ground of unconstitutionality. He de-
cried the zeal evinced to please, and the sympathy
displayed for a nation which had committed so
many outrages on this country, and which was so
perfectly regardless of all sympathy for it.
He extended his argument against the bill to
such length as to preclude its publication this
evening.
Mr PRESTON said he believed that it was the
general impression of the country that such diffi-
culties as grew out of the McLeod case should be
legislated for is some manner. While he acqui-
esced in the propriety of some legislation, and m
the constitutional power claimed to pass a bill, yet
he was firmly of the opinion that the principles of
the act of 1789 should not be departed from to a
grea'er extent tnan was absolutely indispensable.
This bill, though it was drawn with great care,
proposes to enlarge the power of the Federal judi-
ciary over the judiual prerogatives of the States.
That law should not be extended beyond what the
emergency required He rose now not with any
intention to discuss the bill, but to move amend-
ments to it He moved to strike out from the bill,
after the words habeas corpus, the iollowing:
"In all cases of any prisoner or priboneism jailor confine
ment, where lie t,he oi they, shall be committed er confined,
oi in custody, under or by any authority or law, or process
founded thereon of the United states, or of any one of them,
fot ii on account of iny act done, or omitted to be done, under
or by virtue ot the Constitution, 01 any law oi treaty of the
United totiíts, i under color theieof, or for 01 on account of
my tct done 01 omitted under any illeged right, authonty, title,
r rivilese, protec ion or exemption, set up oi claimed undei
die same "
He also gave notice of his intention to move to
amend the bill by striking out the words « under
the laws of nations," thereby to divest the bill of
questions which arose under the law of nations,
jo as to leave out the jurisdiction under such law.
Mr BERRIED said it was too late this evening
to enter into a discussion ot the important amend-
ments proposed, and he should be better disposed
to express the views he entertained on them after a
more deliberate examination of the principles they
«volved He would prefer that the question on
these amendments should be pos poned He was
anxious tu b u g the discussion on the bill to a close
to-morrow, but the Mate of ou>- executive docket
requires our attention, and he should, on to-mor-
row, move to go mío the consideration of execu-
tive business; and as it was the understanding that
Monday was not a legislative day, he would have
to postpone the further consideration of the bill till
Tuesday. But if it was the purpose of the Senate
to sit on Monday, the 4th of July, he would prefer
its postponement to that day.
Mr. WALKER. Postpone it till Tuesday, cer-
tainly. We cannot sit on the day of our inde-
pendence.   It is usual not to sit on that day.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought that, in the present
state of the business, the best way to celebrate the
4th of July would be in meetiug there and doing
the business of the country.
Bat several Senators were heard to say that the
business could be as quickly and as well done if
they respected the 4th by a cessation from labor on
that day. So thought the Senate, and ordered the
amendments to be printed; and postponed the bill
till Tuesday next
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 1, 1842.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the army and the military
academy, for the year 1842, which had been re-
turned fiom the Senate, with amendments. On
his motion, the bill and amendments were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. COWEN, the joint resolu-
tion from the Senate in relation to the mode of dis-
posing of private claims, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee op
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the payment ot
the Florida mill la called into service m the years
1839 and 1840 read twice, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. HAYS piesented theresolutions of the court
of Harrison county, Va , in relation to the bank-
rupt law; which were, on bis motion, refeired to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. CASEY wished to offer a joint resolution for
the adjournment of Congress on the 18'h of July.
Objection having been made,
Mr. CASSY moved a suspension of the rules,
for the purposing of receiving the resolution
Mr. FILLMORE hoped this Congress would not
adjourn until the tariff question should be settled.
Mr KENNEDY of Maryland moved a call of
the Hous-e: rejected
The House refused to impend the rules, for the
purpose of lecemng the resolution: yeas 75, nays
80, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Arnngton Atherton, Beoon, Blaclc, Bowne
Brewster Milton liiown Challes Brown Buike Green W
Caldwell, Pmick C Caldwell John Campbell, William B
Campbell Carutheis, < asey, Chfioid Clinton, Mtrt A
Cooper, Cross, Daniel, Dean, ÍJeberry, Doig, Eastman Egbert,
Chas A Flo)d, Gamble, Gerry Gilmer, Gnggm Gwm, liar
rn, John Hastings, Hayts, Holmes, Houck, Houston, Jack, Cave
Johnson, Keirn Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Li tiefieid Abra
ham McClellan, McKay Marchand Alfred M rstlalj, John
Thomson Mason, Mathews, Medili, Miller, Mitchell, Moore,
INowhard, Ollvei, Patridge, Rtdmg Reynolds, Rogers, Roos"
veil, Saunders, Shaw, Rheppeid ¡shields JohnT Stuart, Swe
ney, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Wan en Washington, Wattei
son, Weller, Westbrook James W Williams, Christopher II
Williams, and Wood—75
NAYS—Messis Adams Landaff W Andrews, Slierltfck J
Andtews, Arnold, Ayorigg, iiakei, Blair Borden, Bnggs,
Biockway, Bronson, Buinell, Childs, Chittenden, John C
I lark Cowen, Cravens Richard I) Davis, Tolm Elwards,
Everett, revenden, Fillmore, Fornance, Giddmgs Graham,
Granger, Hall, Halsted,Hudson, Hunt, C J Ingersoll, J R In
geisoll, J Irvin, I P Kennedy, Lane, Linn, Robert Model
Ian, McKennan, McKeon, Mallory, Samson Mason, Mathiot,
Mattocks Maxwell, Maynard Morean, Morris, Moirow, Os
borne, Parmenter, Peaice, Pendleton, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph Rhett, Ridgway, Riggs,
Rodney, William Russell, James M Russell Simonton Tru
manbmith, Stanly, Alexander II II Stuait, Summers, Taha
ferro, Richaid W Thompson Tillmghabt Toland Tnplt-tt,
Trumbull Van Rensselaer, Fdward D White, Joseph L
White, Wise, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John loung—80
Mr. LANE asked leave to explain the leport of
his remarks of yesterday. He said that he was,
made, by the report, (unintentionally, no doubt,) to
attack the private character of the President Such
was, surely, not his intention. He enly intended lo
allude to his official conduct.   With his private
character, he had nothmg to do, and he had always
heard, from those acquainted with the President,
that, ib all bis private relations, he is an estimable
gentleman.
Mr. FILLMORE then called for the orders of
the day.
«JHE VETO/MESS AGE ON THE LITTLE
\               f       TARIFF.
Mt, CARTJTHERS, who was entitled to the
floor,Vddres|:d the House in opposition to the
ground\take# in the veto of the President. He ad-
mitted the poker of the President to veto any biH.
As a queshái of power, he did not dispute it. He
would, however, array the President on other
grounds—on the reasons which the President as-
signed for the use of the veto. He thought he could
show that there was a compact between the Presi-
dent and the party which opposed his election, as
binding as the compromise itself. It might be that
the bond was not yet signed, sealed, and delivered;
but he had no doubt that there was a moral obliga-
tion existing between them.
He wished to convict the President out of his
own mouth, and to show that even he admitted the
bill vetoed did not violate the compromise. The
gentlsman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] he
thought, had been too precipitate in smgiBg the
praiaes of John Tyler, and pHcmg him in the front
rank of the Democracy. The President, the gen-
tlemaa would find, had not gone so far as he sup-
posed. Mr. C. then quoted from the veto message
and the compromise act, to show that, even accord-
ing to the construction put upon the provisional
tariff bill by the President, it did not interfere with
the compromise
Mr GENTRY obtained permission to enter
into some explanations, in consequence of some
allusion which had been made to it, of a notice
whic'i he formerly gave in this House of his inten-
tion to introduce a bill to provide for the payment
of the debts of the States, by an appropriation, for
that purpose, of the public lands, but he wished it
to be clearly and distinctly understood, that, for
any opinions which he had expressed on that sub-
ject, he alone was responsible, and not the Whig
party; all the members of that party with whom he
had consulted having expressly dissented from,
him, and entreated him not to attempt to carry his
design into effect
Mr TURNEY was understood to state that he
had heard Mr Bell, the Ajax of the Whig party,
in a speech at Nasnville, preach the Whig doc-
trine of assumption of the State debts.
Mr. GENTRY thought the gentleman from
Tennessee must be mistaken, as Mr Bell was one
of the members ot ths Whig party lint earnestly
importuned him not to attempt to carry out his
views Besides, the views of so distinguished a
g ntleman as Mr Bell, on such a «ubject, must
have attracted the attention of all political circles;
yet thi-, was the first time that he (Mr. G ) had
heard cf it.
Mr TURNEY said the newspapers of Nash-
ville, of both political parties, gave the «ame ver-
sion of the speech in that respect
The conversation was continued, but to the
same purport, by Messrs GENTRY, TURNEY,
C H WILLIAMS CARUTHERS, aid others!
by the permission of Mr. RHETT, who was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr RHETT commenced by expressing his sur-
prise at the doctrines avowed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] and the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr Gkanuer,] which he
looked upon as subversive of the Constitution.
The latter gentleman, in speaking of the veto and
its consequences, said, Let trouble and desoUtion
sweep over the land, and see who would stand it
best He had matched the course of the debate,
and heaid ihe gen'leman from Indiana [Mr Lane]
still further developing ths coutse of policy expect-
ed from the dominant paity That gentleman
went on to =-ay that the people of this country, un-
der the exercise of tne veto power, were laboring
under the most intolerable tyranny. The gentle-
man further said that, though the Presi 'ent had
vetoed the provisional tariff bill, another bill con-
taining the same proviso with regard to the distri-
