CONGRESSIONAL GfcOBE.
709
bution of the proceeds of the public lands would
be sent to him.
Mr. R. then proceeded to deprecate the policy
evidently determined on (by the Whig party to
bring the Government to a stand, and abolish the
Constitution rather than not succeed in their meas-
ures; and examined the provisions of the Constitu-
tion with regard to the veto power, to show that
there was nothing in the present quesaon which
jastified their course. He would tell gentlemen
that this war on the Constitution was not of recent
origin. In the manifesto put forth by the Whig
parly some time ago, this project to abolish the
veto power was put for h as one of the leadirg ob-
jects of that party. Those who argued against
this power contended that it was a one man power,
and that the people should not be restrained in the
acts of their Representatives here. But was this
the only restraining power in the Constitufon?
Look at «. It was full of vetoes. This
body was not intended to be omnipotent, and
the idea of its omnipotence was a most
pernicious one, and fatal to liberty. Here was
a string of vetoes put on the powers of this
Government. Mr. R here quoted the different re-
strictions inserted in the Constitution, and showed
the necessity for them. In all Governments, the
elements of omnipotence existed, whether they
were monarchies, aristocracies, or republic*; and it
was necessary to impose restraints on them, or the
rights and liberties of the people would be re-
strained. In free Governments, it was the most dif-
ficult to impose those checks, because they must be
by vetoes, and not by brute force. When he heard
gentlemen denounce the Constitutien (which he
firmly believed to be the most perfect instru-
ment ever devised by human wisdom) because of
its vetoes, he felt in his heart that they were using
arguments against all free Governments, and sub-
versive of the very foundations of liberty itself
This Government could not stand a day if such
principles were to prevail The arguments now
used against the veto power were the same that
were successful when the constituent assembly of
the French Republic first met, and which, by cut-
ting off the ¿eto, established the omnipotence of
that body. After briefly adverung to the despotism
of the French Republic, Mr. R. asked if similar
scenes would not follow the abolishment of the
veto here? Would not the Senate be abolished as
too aristocratic, and not emanating from the peo-
ple? It was buttle other day that the venerable
gentleman Irom Massachusetts, [\Sr. Adams,] ivho
once avowed that a Representative shou'd not be
palsied by the will of his constituents, took occa-
sion to denounce the Sena'e in the severest terms
for its amendments to the apportionment bill
Ours was a complex system of Government, and
it was by carrying it out in all its parts that the
people governed themselves. S'nke from the Con
sutution any one of its limitations of power, and
you would destroy the whole; and the argument
which went to abolish the "one man po ver," went
also to abolish the House of Representatives
Gentlemen had been declaiming much against the
increase of Executive power. Now he would ask
what power the Executive had? He could not
dictate to Congress; he could not oiigmate any
measure; and the only power he had was m sus-
pending the powers of the Legislatme. The dan-
ger to our institutions was not from the Executive,
but from the Legislan ie. Had they ever been
endangered by vetoes1 no; but by the Legislature
Who was it that passed the alien and sedition
laws1 Your internal improvements, protective
tariffs, banking system, &" , all emanated from the
Legislature, and it was through the omission of the
veto power that these injurious measures weie
fastened on the country.
Let us meet this question (said Mr. R.) fairly.
He trusted that there would be no gagging. They
had come to the point when u was important that
they should understand each other. He wanted
his people to know how our system of goverrment
was to be carried out, that they might be prepareü
for any emergency.
The gentleman from Tennessee had said that
this veto was the result of a bargain between the
Democratic party a.id the Executive.   As a mem-
ber of that party, he took upon himself to deny the
charge; and he defied any man to show the slightest
foundation for it. He knew that there were gen-
tlemen here who were familiar with such bargains.
Prom the year 1824, when the Presidential chair
was reached through a bargain, and certain pros-
pects were held out as a consideration for it, to
this time, there had been several; and he was not
surprised that gentlemen should charge against
their political opponents what had been practised
by thetr own party. Had they not heard in the
Congress of the United States a distinct proposition
to bargain away the rights of the people? and that
one mighty bill of corruption was made to pass
another. Who did not know that the proviso to
the distribution bill, which the President insisted on
retaining, was the condition on which that bill was
passed? Did not the gentleman from Kentucky throw
outtheemphat cdeclaration, that lfyoudid not take
his measure, he would not take yours? He did not,
therefore, wonder that gentlemen, who carried
their measures by such a system, should turn round
and impugn their opponents for the same thing.
But he declared that he never heard that a single
member of the Democratic party had any commu-
nication with the President as to what he should
do, and rchat they would do. On the contrary,
every thing th=y had said to the President had been
on that floor. We said to him, If you propose
measures that we think righ', we shall approve
them; and if you prooose measures that we think
wrong, we shall condemn them Every man on that
floor knew what the Democratic party would do.
Mr. R. then took occasion to express the strong-
est disapprobation of the language which gentlemen
had indulged in m reference to the President. Im-
putations had been made against him unworthy of
the Hous.e and of the persons who ut'ered them;
and all for the exercise of an undoubted right to
discharge his duty according to the dictates of his
own conscience Mr. R. referred to the high sta-
t ons he had filled, with so much honor to himself,
(be remembrance of which ought 10 have sh'elded
him from such assaeHs. He remembered, when a
distinguished Senator fiom his mlive State, he
stood in opposition to the force bill, and he, as a
Carolinian, eould not but feel grateful to him for
the part he toou on that occasion. He was a party
to the comprom se bill, and was it surprisipg that he
should comid^rhimse'f bound to carry it out in good
faith?
He was the pude of his country, and was, more
over, a Viigiman—a nami never eoupled with dis-
henor, anJ, to btarsuch unworihy imputations cast
upon him, was what he most protest against He
was no follower of John Tyler; all who knew him
knew that he had but little to do with the President,
and that notmn,j more had ever passed between
them than those sets of courtesy which he should
always show to ihe man whom the people placed
in the Executive chair; but it was his duty to do
him jusuce, and to judge of him as he himself
would be jaiged.
Mr E., in the conclusion of his remarks, said
that tWe w ere two subject* which he wished to
touch upon, bu. the time allowed hi n bv the gag-
rule would prevent him from doing .0 "ins dom-
inant party, who professed to be uch fnrnds of the
country, that they weie for abolishing ihe rnostim-
poriant part oí the Constitution, had adopted an
arbitrary rule, oy which the Representatives of the
people were silenced wh'n then dearest w'ere&is
were at stake.
Mr SUMMERS thought that due íespect to th 
Pre^u'oiit it quired (hi House to give to the mes-
sage a candid and ímpaiUal investigation. Before
he proceeded to this investigation, be would make
a fe v general remarks. He had listened atten-
tively to the truly eloquent remarks of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr Rhett,] and it
appeared to him that their tendency was to strike
down one of the safeguards of our liberty. He
fully ewemred with the gentleman in his theory
of checks and bii£.aces in ihe Government. The
quartum of power was the same in every Gov-
ernment. The difference between them was only
in the department which had the preponderance
In a monarchy, all power concentrated in the King
With us, however, ¡t was different.
He referred to the doctrine put forth by Mr.
Van Buren, that the Executive was a component
part of the legislative branch of the Government.
This doctrine was repudiated by the whole Whig
party, who took a siznA against it in 1840. It
was the duty of the President to execute the laws
after they were made, and not to participate ia
their enactment. He referred to the position as-
sumed in debate, that the President, from the mode
of his election, was best calculated to reflect Ihe
will of the people; and expressed his surprise that
gentlemen, claiming to be pure Democrats, should
hold this opinion. Mr. S. also spoke of the few
instances in which the veto had been exercised by
former Presidents, and the frequency of its use by
Mr. Tyler. He referred to the letter of the Presi-
dent to a private individual, in which he descended
from his station to abuse the present Congress
and its motives This Congress had been the sub-
ject of continued abuse in the newspapers, and
this letter of the President, to a man in Ohio, was
proof of the origin of the abuse thus levelled at
Congress. What right had the President to call
the] members "mousing politicians?" It had been
asserted that Coagress was doing all in its power
to "head Captain Tyler " How? By passing
every measure demanded, and by substituting
amendment after amendment, to meet his views?
Surely, such a course could not be construed into
heading Captain Tyler. He (Mr. S ) had come
here with the kindest feelings towards tV Presi-
dent, believing him to be an honest and a kind-
hearted man. But he had been driven from his
support by the President's extraordinary position.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
announcing the passage of the bill for the íegula-
tion of the army ]
Mr. S quoted from the veto message, and con-
tended that its positions were unwarran'ed. It
was undue a'sumption of power to presciibe regu-
lations for the collection of duties on imports, m the
absence of law, as had beeu done. He criticized
the objections of the President to the twelve-Una
bill (as 1' had been called) ai length. The -«hole
message showed, as he thought, that the Presilent
suspected Congiess of a'tempting to plaj off a
trick upon him So far fiom Congress bavins;
been guilty of hasty action, he thought the Presi-
dent was himself guilty of haste. He con'ended
that the President had, in effect, accomplished the
very ©bject which he sought to defeat—the distri-
bution of the land fund. The 1st of July had ar-
rived, and the States now had a vested right ¡o their
share of that fund He quottd from the speach
of the President m 1S39, in the Virginia Legisla-
ture, m favor of unconditional distribution, and in
eulogy of Henry Clay.
Mr S. was here cut off in his remarks by the
expiration of the hour.
Mr. BARNARD took up in review the objec-
tions which the President had stated in his mes-
sage, and sa'd he had read the menage again and
again, to find out what the President meant, but
he had not been able to do so, and he had serious
doubts wnether the President r mself could explain
' what he mean'. Ii was deemed necessary, as the
President supposed, to establ'sb, by legislative en-
actment, mies and regulations for assessing duties
to be levied by impost after the 30th of June, and
having discovered this to be the object of the bill,
the President declared it as his opinion that Mich
an enactment was unnecessary, and that it would
be betier not to do that which was unnecessary, at
the expense of the compromise act. Womd it,
then, be believed, and would not the world hear
with astonishment, that in the bill there was not
even the faintest allusion to the establishment of
rules and regulations for the collection of dafvs
according te the home valuation, and, consequent-
ly, that there was no such violation of the compro-
mise act?
He also took up the objections of the President
as they related to the principle of distribution, and
he denied the truth oí the position of the Piesi-
dent that the proviso of the land law wa< sus-
pended, it being the distribution only that ws>s sus-
pended. He alluded to the perud at which this
veto had been fent in It was a period when im-
porters might question the legality of the imposit-oa
