7f2
the Senate adjourn, il adjourn till Tuesday next.
And then,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 3,1842.
Mr. HOWARD, on leave, introduced a bill to
grant pre-emption rights to settlers on the Dubuque
claim, (so called,) in the Territory of Iowa; which
was read twice, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WM. 0. BUTLER, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, introduced a bill for the relief
of William Copeland; which was read twice, re-
« f erred to the Committee of the Whole, and ordered
to be printed.
THE PRESIDENT'S ACTION ON THE AP-
/             PORTIONMENT BILL.
/Mr. ADAMS, from the Select Committee on the
J ¡¿essage of the President relating to the apportion-
ment bill, offered a resolution directing the Secre-
tary of State to bring, or transmit to the Hou.«e,
¡he exposition of the reasons of the President of the
United States, for giving his sanction to the appor-
tionment bill; which exposition the President, in his
message of the 25ih ult., informed the House was
deposited in the Department of State.
Mr. PROFFIT said he was willing and anxious
that the reasons of the President for signing the ap-
portionment bill should be laid before the House.
But his objection to the resolution was, that it
called for an original paper in the Department of
State.
Here Mr. ARNOLD raised a point of order,
and objected to the debate. But he was over-
ruled.
Mr. PROFFIT continued. He did not think
that euher the House or a committee had a right
to bring an original paper from the Department of
State. He thought a copy of the paper would an-
swer all Ihe desired purposes. If that should not
be found sufficient, after it had been obtained, the
House might then direct the Secretary of State to
bring the original.
Mr. ADAMS said he regarded the right of the
House to send for a paper as clear. Indeed, he
had never before heard it denied. It was compe-
tent for either House, as it was for a court of jus-
tice, to send for any paper; and this power had been
frequently exercised by the Supreme Court. In the
present instance, the House did not know wheiher
the reasons o( the President had been put upon the
bill itself, or on a separate piece of paper, or on a
paper appended to the bill. With regard to the
precedent to luttify the proceeding, there was an in-
stance duiing the administration of President Jack,
son, who ¡¿gntd a bill, and placed hi=¡ reasons on
the act itself. In the present case, the committee
knew not whether the President had done this, or
not; and they tboeght it best to send for the origi-
nal paper. He saw no inconvenience which would
result from such a course; and he imagined that
the paper would be as safe in the custody of the
Hou=e as anywhere else.
Mr. A. then went on to contend that the Presi-
dent had not complied wiih the letter of the law in
sending ti>i paper containing bis reasons for sign-
ing the a ppor'.ionment bill to the Slate Department,
instead of delivering it to tb<> Secretary of State in
person. The law cieatmg the State Department
required the S'cretary to receive all acts personal-
ly jrom the President, when approved by him; and
from the Speaker of the House and President of
the Senate, m case it should be passed by a vote ot
two-thirds, after a veto. He did not, however, of-
fer this as a serious objection to the course of the
President.
Mr. CUSHING said that the resolution offered
by his colleague opened nice questions of constitu-
tional law. He thouf ht it was embarrassing enough,
without being connected with the question as to
whether the bill had been legally received from the
President. Wbal did ¡he rc-olution propose? That
an original document—one of the muniments of
the Government—should be brought here in its
original form. What good purpose could be an-
swered by that course, which would not be fulfilled
t^O£t&66Hm¿I< ^LQBE.
by a copy of the paper? He maintained that the
House, in its political capacity, could not send for
a paper from one of the departments. It could only
be done by the House acting in a judicial capacity,
by means of a siépsna duces tecum. He replied to
the argument that the SupremerCourt had exercised
the power of sending for persons an 4 papers; and
said that the court was acting in a judicial capaci-
ty, and there was no analogy between that and tha
political or legislative capacity of the House, Ad-
mitting that the President had appended his reasons
for signing the bill to the law itself: could the House
send for an original act in the Department of State,
deposited there in obedience to the laws of the
country? He concluded by moving an amendment
to the resolution of his colleague, so as to make it
request an authenticated copy of the reasons of the
President, instead of the original paper.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, after a request to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] to
state the object of his resolution, which request
was complied with, addressed the House in favor
oí the resolution. He was understood to say (for
his remarks were very imperfectly heard) that he
did not regard the act of the President, m giving
his reasons for signing the bill, as any more than an
extra-official circumstance. He was not disposed
to deny to the President the benefit of filing his
reasons in the State Department. Yet he had no
doubt of the power of the House to send for the
paper. It could not be regarded as any part of the
law, but merely as an expostion of the President's
reasons for signing a bill, which he chose to de-
posite in the State Department as the most proper
place. Mr. I. quoted from the act establishing the
Slate Department, to ^how the responsibilities and
duties of the Secretaiy in relation to the custody of
papers and laws. After some further remarks
from Mr. I. not heard—
Mr. ARNOLD moved the previous question,
which was seconded.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
iko] to make the resolution request an authen-
ticated copy of the President's reasons for sign-
ing the apportionment bill, ins'ead of the original
paper.
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The amendment was carried by a vote of 94 to
80, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amngton, tAlherton, Becson, Bidlack,
Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Burke, William Butler, Wm.
O Butler, GieenW Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, Casey,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cross, Cushin?, Richard D. Davis,
Dean, Doan, Doig, Eastman, Egbert, Charles A. Floyd, For-
nance, Gerry, Gilmer, Patuck G Goode, Wm. O Goode,
Gordon, Gwin, Habersham, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hunter, William W. Irwin, Jack, Cave
Johnson, Julin W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis,
Liltlefield, Abraham McClellan, Itobeit McClellan, McKay,
McKeon, Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson
Mason, Mathews, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Morris, Newhard,
Oliver, Parmenter, Patndge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope,
Proflit, Alexander Randall, Reding, Reynolds, Itiggs. Rogers,
Roosevelt, SanforJ, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, William Smith,
Snyder, tsteenrod, Alexaader II H. Stuart, Sweney, Jacob
Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Wallace, Ward, Watterson,
Welter, Westbrook, James W. Williams, Wise, and Wood—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Sherlock J. Andiews, Appleton,
Arnold, Aycngg, Bahcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair,
Borden, Bnggs, Brockway, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, William
B. Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthere, Chittenden,
James Cooper, Cowen, Cravens, Deberry, Everett, Fessenden
Fillmore, A. Lawrence Poster, Gamble, Gentry, Giddin< s'
Goggm, Granger, Green, Hall, Halsted, Howard, Hudson',
Hunt, Charles,!. Ingeisoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvm
James, John P Keunedy, Lane, Linn, McKennan, Mattocks'
Maxwell, Maynard, Menwethei, Mooie, Morgan, Osborne
Owsley, Pendleton, Ramsay, Benjamin Randall Ri lo-way'
Rodney, William Russell, James M Russell, SaltoSstal)'
Shepperd, Simonton, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stratton, John
T Stuart, Taliaferro, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinehast
Toland, Tomlmson, Trumbull, Wauen, Waslin gton, Edward'
D White, Joseph L White, Christopher H Williams
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—80                       '
Mr. F1LLMORK having called lor ihe orders of
the d 'y—■
The SPEAKER announced, as the unfinished
business, the message of the President returning
the provisional tariff bill, with his objections
Mr. SMITH of Virginia, who was entitled
to the floor, said that he had been rcq'iested
to yield it for a few moments to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Calvaby Morris,] m or-
der that he might have the opportunity of making
a personal explanation; and he acceded to the re-
quest with much pleasure.
1.....   ■ ■■ ■'        -jCTwg?
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS said that, during his
absence from the House yesterday, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. White] made some remarks
in relation to htm, which he took the earliest op-
portunity to notice. He regretted that the re-
marks to which he referred had not been publish-
ed, because, not having heard them, and not being
able to see them in print, he could not say distinct-
ly what they were. As he understood it, however,
the gentleman referred to a certain number of
times when the yeas and nays were called, when he
(Mr. M.) was absent from -his seat. Now, in all
kindness of spirit, he would say that the gentle-
man could not have been acquainted with the cir-
cumstances which occasioned his absence, or he
would not have made the remarks that he did.
For nearly four months he bad been afflicted with
a violent cramp of the stomach; so much so,, that
his friends were frequently alarmed for his safety,
and feared that he would not again see the House.
Such was the state of prostration in which he had
been thrown, that, for nearly three months, there
had not been a single day that he did not suffer
fiom such attacks, though he had dragged himself
to the House, and spent part of the day here.
He had come here on occasions when his phy-
sicians remonstrated against his leaving his room,
and insisted that, if he did so, he should not con-
fine himself. These were the reasons why bis
name did not appear on several occasions when
the roll was called. Now, he would ask how
many members had found it necessary to absent
themselves from indisposition, and even to leave
this city; and yet the gentleman had thought proper
to single him out, and exercise this dictatorial
course towards him. The gentleman from Indiana
himself was absent from his seat for some time
near the commencement of the session, and for the
very best reason—he was sick; and it would have
been unjust and ungenerous in Mr. M., or in any one
else, to drag him up before the public, and arraign
him for it. As to any other remarks of the gentle-
man with respect to him, he had no reply te
make.
Mr. WHITE observed, that if he had been ap-
prized of the circumstances under which the gen-
tleman's absence from his seat occurred, he would
not have made the remarks that he did. He was
happy, after the statement ef the gentleman, to be
able to do him perfect justice, by a withdrawal of
what he had said. [Cries of—"Thai's right, that's
right," by several.]
Mr. SMITH of Virginia then rose and addressed
the House up to the expiration of his hour, with
great force and ability, in support of the veto. He
said that, from th« first commencement of the de-
bate, he felt no little solicitude with regard to this
question. Every step the debate had taken had in-
creased that solicitude, because he found, in the
progress of the discussion, feelings displayed, prin-
ciples advanced, and facts asserted, altogether in-
compatible with our system of government. It
was for this reason that he felt a desire to take
part m this discussion; and be would not hesitate
to say that he felt a degree of per-onal interest in
the subject, because the President of the United
States bad been assailed by those who recently
were m intimate connexion with him, in terms and
in manner equally unworthy of him and of his as-
sailant. It had been his lot to know the Presi-
dent for many years; he had served wilh him in
the eouncils of his native State; and be would say
that, however he may have differed with him on
po inca! matters, he never knew anything of him
to justify the language that had been applied to
him ' ere. On the contrary, he knew him to be a
high-minded, honorable man, possess'ng all those
kind and benevolent feelings which dignify and en-
hob'e human nature.
In treating this question, Mr. S. said that he
■should confine himself to certain public questions,
and then address bim?elf to those who had pre-
ceded him in debate, when he should take occa-
sion to express the deep indignation and scorn of
the unfair, unmanly, and ungenerous manner in
which the Executive had been treated on this oc-
casion. In doing so, he had not one personal feel-
ing to gratify; but he should treat the subject with
caador and fairness, and award justice where jus.
