dONGÉESSlONAL &LOB&                                           ft 5
fieman made in favor of the nomination of H.
L- White; from which he would read a short ex-
tract:
"The truth is, the race is between White and Van Buren,
the candidate of the people, and of the BaJtimoie convention
These gentlemen are both talented, and have both fought in the
republican rank  They have been good Jackson men White,
to be sure, has done him more service, for he commenced soon
er by many years, and has fought harder, for he always has
been in the hottest of the action, and the old chief has nevei
sounded his political war trump, but White was in the field,
and at his side, he has never called for a vanguard, but White
has stepped forward         *          *         *          *          *
White has come out on all the vetoes and messages, and every
leading measure of Jackson's administration, and is therefore
pledged in print, and under his own hand upon them, and will,
as sure as he is an honest statesman, carry them out, if he
should succeed Mr Van Buren's situation hasnotbeen such
as to make it necessary that he should take sides upon these
agitating questions, and it seems to be admitted on all hands,
that he is one of those politicians who will not obtrude his sen
timents upon the public, on questions which have two sides,
but is modest and retiring in his policy, there is, perhaps, one
exception m this course I would not do an injustice Oo one
occasion, m a toast, if I mistaite not, he did say 'uncompro
mising opposition to the United States Bank ' bmce what little
we see of his sentiments is good, what a puy it is we cannot get
more, m toasts, or some more solid way But White has made
lengthy arguments on that subject, for which he has been laud
ed to the skies by the veiymen whu are now abusing him He
has, ever since 1817 been standing upon the strong ground,
that the Bank of the United States, and all the banks of that
kind, are unconstitutional, as well as inexpedient
If Judge White cannot be elected I would much prefer his
election (Mr Van Buren's) to 'hat of any opposition man, not
Withstanding my objections to him, for you have seen, sir, from
what I have said, that I have many objections to him, when com-
pared to White, but still I would mufch prefer him toany roan
whose principles are adveise to those which have characterized
and made glorious the present administration "
Here, it seemed, then, thai White Bad come
out on all the vetoes, and ail the messages, of
GreneralJackson; and he was, therefofe, pledged,
in print, and under his own hand, and l*f he were
successful, as an honest man and an honest states-
man he would be expected to c/irry out those
opinions. Such were the opmlon/of his colleague
at that time, but, respecting a fetnk, his colleague
said he had changed his sentiments- he had a right
to do so, and every honest man would change
his opinions when he found himself in error, and
he would not hesitate to acknowledge the change
He (Mr. W.) acknowledged the frankness of his
colleague, though he questioned his liberality. In
1836, and in 1840, his colleague voted for Mr.
Tylen he and Mr. Tyler were then together; and
there was no evidence of any change in the opin-
ions of Mr. Tyler; and yet his colleague came
here and denounced the President of the United
States as a traitor, because he would net change
bis opinions
The President was an o'der man than his col-
league, and had been longer in the public service.
He was unchanged in opinion, while his colleague
had avowedly undergone a change. And yet,
strange as it might seem, his colleague denounced
the President as a trauor to his party, and almost a
traitor to the best interests of the country, because
he would not change about with the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. WISE asked the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Wattebson] to state to the House
and to the country whether, in 1836, there
were not two candidates in Tennessee for the
Presidency and the Vice Presidency, and whether
Mr. Granger, of this House, was not nomi-
nated in some of the States for the Vice Pres-
idency, and supported by those who were
in favor of a bank; and whether Mr Tyler
•was not run by some of the States as in opposition
to a bank; and whether Tennessee did not run Mr
Tyler, in opposition to Mr Granger, as the anti-
bank candidate
Mr. WATrEaSON sad there was ,iO candi-
date for the Vice Presidency m Tennessee. But
■when the electors met, they voted for White and
Tyler, those two agreeing in their opposition to a
Bank of the United States, and upon other leading
measures, but m Kentucky, and other States, where
they were in favor of a bank, they ran Harrison
and Granger. But the latter gen'leman never saw
the time wuen he could get a corporal'  guard m
Tennessee.
Mr. CARUTHERS desired to make some ex-
planations.
Mr. WATTERSON begged gentlemen to rec-
ollect that his time was limited; and he
was here   reminded of  an  anecdote,   which,
as it was ihort, he would relate as applicable to
his own case. A mm once was tied to the piston-
rod of a steamboat, tor some offencj which he had
committed, and to some persons who beset him, he
said, "Gentlemen, pray make no remarks, or I
shall lo«e the hang of the game " [Laughter.]
He begsed, too, thatgemlemea won'd not interrupt
him, for he had no time to spare, and might lose
"the hang of the game "
Mr. CARUrHERS made soma observations,
which were not heard at the reporter's de>k.
Mr WATTERSON said he did not intend to
discus the course of Judge While; he was dead,
and there let him rest, his (Mr. W 's) object was
to nonce the course of his colleague, but since he
had alluded to the late Postmaster General, he
would pursue that subjec' a little farther In the
course of the last session of Congress, he (Mr. W )
made some remark', which were published; and in
those remarks he incorporated a letter, written by
a member of the Legtdature of the State of New
York, from Ontario county, from which the late
Postmaster General came. Prom that letter he
would now read a few short extiacts:
They are asf>Uows
' 1st Mi Giangei has said that he had yielded to the doc
trines advocated b) Mi Slade in his speech in regard to the Dis
tuct of C tlumbia and that the notion of implied faith on the
part of Virginia an 1 Maryland must be given "
Mr. GRANGER heie rose and said, Tnat is
true
Mr WATTERSON continued to read, as fol-
low 
"2d Mr Giangei his said that whonevei it could he proved
t hat "¡lav eholders had called to their nd 1 nited states troops to
put down an insurrection on the p¡> t of the «Hvts against the
whites or whenever it could be made to appear that United
States troops had been Ubed to sustim oi piotect sHveiy, that
moment Congress would have power to abolish slavery m tile
different States "
Mr GRANGER admitted that, also, was true.
Mr. WATTERSON continued to read, as fol-
low
' 3t Mr Grai^er his said lhat colonization was one f the
gieatcst Southern humbug  evei invented and that long before
Gerrit Smith got his eyes open on this subject, he had o a ly
and avowedly denou iced rtii scheme, not only in th_ social cir
cíe, but in a public meeting "
Mr GRANGER again signified his admission.
Mr. WATTERSON continued.
"4th Mi Gmgersaid if the Abolitionists of Ontario conn
ty gave him a liberal support m 1833, they never should have
cause to regret it
"The sentiments set toith in the above I had Horn Mr
Granger's own lips I have givui his words, as near a  I can
lecollect them
"A  SAWYER"
Mr. WATTERSON said he had read these sen-
timents now, that if they were not correct they
might be contradicted    The gentleman admitted
their correctness-------
Mr. GRANGER made some observation which
was inaudible at the reporter's desk, but was un-
dtrvtood to deny the 4th statement of Mr Sawyer
Mr. WATTERSOCV sad, Well, the gentleman
admitted tnat, if the United Sates troops weic
called out to suppress a servile insurrection, tbe
Government would possess the power to abolish
slaveiy m the States
Mr STANLY r< se fo a question of order.
Mr WATTERSON begged him not to do so,
he would prefer to gwe up the matter, as he h J
no tim<> to spare. He, however, was meie'y sta-
ting- the reasons why Tennessee would never give
her support to the gentleman from New York,
i^e also alludfd to the declaration that, if ha had
rcmamed in ofhee one year longer, 4 700 removals
would have b en made n the Post Office Depart-
ment; and also to the rumor that the delegation
trom New York waited on the late Postmaster
General, and tcld him it he d d not go out of the
Cabinet t^y w^uld kick him ou*.
Mr. fiRiNGER pronounced it an tinquahfi'd
fals«hood in ever, pan of it, and he rejo ced that
the gentleman had g.ven him the opportunity to
con'radict it
Mr. WATTERSON. Well, if the gentleman
denied it, be it so At any rate h° remain  d in
office, until he was satisfied that Captain Tyler
?ou)d kick hm out, uuless he wiihdrew, and
saved him the trouble. It was also said that ob
jecnons were raised in the Senate to the nomination
of that gentleman as Postmaster General—doubts
being entertained whether he was sound on tho
subject of abo'ition.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Brigqs) called the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. WATTERSON said he might be out of or-
der; but he was remarking on the gentleman from
New York; and he thought that gentleman was an
Abolitionist. He wished to know if the Chairman
called him to order on that ground
Mr CARUTHERS said, as the gentleman from
Tennessee had but an hour, he hoped, in that ttaie,
he would be allowed to say what he pleased.
Mr. BRIGGS (the Chairman) still objected.
Mr. WIsE    Well; pass that.
Mr WATTERSON Well, then, there was the
-ubject of proscription for opinion's sake. The
President has been denounced by a gentleman from
New York as having made overtures of the
"spoils" to the Democratic party, and a gentleman
fiom Indiana said the spoils had been offered to
the Democratic party by the President. He (Mr,
W ) denied the truth of such a statement. But,
when the President did nominate a Democrat, how
was it treated? Why, they had a good Democrat
nominated as marshal of Tennessee, to whom there
coald be no objection as a roan. As a man of
honor, no one could object to htm—not one.
He had n, however, from some of his Whig col-
leagues, that the gentleman was rejected on ac-
count of his embarrassments. Wasihata "ufficient
excuse1 Look at the bar krupts who had been con-
firmed by that very Whig Senate. The charges to
Venezuela and Portugal were notoriously embar-
rassed He did not state this as an objecti n, but
to show tint insolvency was not regarded as a
fault when it existed in a Whig The Whig pirty, he
contended, had violated all the principles on whic^i
they came ra'o power. They declared tb't they
would separate tho po'iticel press trom the Gov-
ernment What had they done' Their very first
act was to elect Cales & Seaton printers to this
House Their first act in th" Senate was to violate
a solemn centiart, perfe-t and complete m all its
parts, and dismiss Blair & Rives from their of-
fice as printers to that body. They took the print-
ing away, and gave it to the Madisoman When
he considered the cour=e of thnt paper, he wondered
that it had not been also dismi sed, for there would
be as much reason for it ns in the case of Biair
& Rives.
There was another humbug cry which they used
in the Presidential election, and which gavo the
Democratic party much trouble—the Hcoe case,
gotten up by the Representative of tbe Richmond
(Virginia) d'stnet They t'umpeted it all over the
lan-1, that a white man had be-n convic'ed by the
testimony of a free negro. From the noi«e they
made about this affair, be =uppo~ d fiat their first
ac , in coming into powel^ would be to pa°s a law
prohibiting the reception of free negro tts'imoiy at
all in our naval courts marti?l. Yet, the/ had not*
done so, although ib-y I ad ,i triumphant majority
in both blanches of Congress.
There was tht s andirg tuny, too, which gave
the Democrat some trouble—more so than the
Hooe ct=í. The o'her dty, when a proposition
wvs made by his colleagae [Mr C John on] to
ret* joe the real sand rg amy of tbe country,
of 12 000 ir en, how did lh^ Whigs vote? He
referred to the journals to prote fiat the> were
not generally anxious to ha 'e a'eduction Another
hu-ibug was used very much m bib State. He
referred to the census law Tl   peoph, m many
sections, were made to be'ie^e that Aci1- property,
e/ n to the most triflrg articles, hi  'o be taxed
by the Federal Goveiiment. L,t)jk at the vote
ordenn;? these s*a r-tic-, to be tnken. Wes it a
par y vot' Assured'y not, aul now th?t the
s'iti i cs had teen printed, every one admitted
tbtir v "i'up
Tie™ was another hu^bii", of v h ch the Whigs
made much use ir the cop'est of 1840 Hi alludfd
to the asscr.ion mad  by Henrv Clay, an 1 o often
n ptated, that the election of G neral Hprnson—
the mere fact—would raiso the price of pioperty in
evcy portion of the Union. Mr Clsy'o colleagu 
in ihe Senate [Mr Crittendek] dee ared that it
would add $100,000,000 to the ctpitil of the coun-
try    Look around'   W as not property lower now
