which consisted ofdyestuffs, &e.,and the other of
such articles as would not come in competition
with domestic productions; and it was the interest
of the manufacturers te keep these articles un-
touched, or they would cut off all hope of com-
peting in the foreign market with the foreign man-
ufacturer, who, if he bought nothing here, would
take nothing m return
And how would it affect them at home? Why,
toanyforeigners would abandon the market; and
the retara for such articles as were sent for foreign
Consumption would come home in money, This
money would accumulate until the money price
was high; then would come expansion of credit,
with expansion of the currency, until the credit
system was gorged. The honorable gentleman
spoke at some length on this subject, and fortified
bis positions by quotations frcm Adam Smith. He
also showed, by statistics, the amount of our ton-
nage in different periods, to prove that our tonnage
had increased with those very countries with which
we had had an unrestricted-trade; and that, m oth-
«r «tictes, by the compromise act, we had nearly
secured a monopoly of the borne market; «and yet,
they were told, under the supposition that this act
was to induce duties not to go up above 20 per
eent , that it was the duty of the manufacturer to
abstract the proceeds of the public lands to encour-
age and benefit them. If this were so, they must
of course put duties on free articles, and make
them dutiable; and, he asked, if they could have
any interest in effecting such an object? He again
said ft was impossible that the compiomise act
contemplated the alienation of the public lands.
But it was said that the public lands belonged i.o
the States. Why, if this doctrine were true, his
friend from Maryland £Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson]
need be under no fear, for the money expended
would necessarily be a debt due to the Slates, and
ooght to be paid back. If he had time, he would
inquire how the land belonged to the States? He
would inquire how the land purchased in Louisi-
ana and Florida belonged to the States' and
whether, if it did, all the o'her public property
purchased out .of 'he public treasury did not also
belong to the States? He went over this subject,
to §how that the deeds of cession did not contem-
plate distribution, and to point out how the States
were to be benefited by it; and he also recapitula-
ted the points of difference which had existed re-
specting the taxing power and the power to dispone
of the proceeds for any purpose not forbidden by
the Constitution. He then parsed over to another
point raised by his colleague, who objected that,
under any view ot the case, the President had no
right to veto a bilí on the ground of mere expedien-
cy, but more especially 'hat he had no right to
Veto a bill designed to raise íevenue and originat-
ing there. Others had gones'iil furtoer, and main-
tained that the vio power ought to be abohbhed.
Not content with attacking measures and men,
they had raised thrur unholy hand against the Con-
stitution itself. But he showed that Washington
and Maduson had vetoed on the same ground of
expediency, and that bills might with as much pro-
priety be vetoed on that ground as on the ground
of constitutionality.
He iurther stated that ¡wo candidates for ihe
Presidency had deemed it constitutional to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and yet they
had said they would veto any bill (or such a pur-
pose, inasmuch as they deemed it merpedient.
He next en'ered into an examination of Ihe work-
ing of this Government, which was designed to
operate by as many wills as possible, and showed
that while the members of that House represented
but districts, whose in'~rests they would consult,
the President represented the Union, as the Sena-
tors represented the States. While, then, they
sought to promote the interest of the people of their
respective districts more partieul-ulv, tie Pre ident
had to consult the general welfare, and he was not
likely to exercise this conservative power of (he
veto, unless it was likely to be sustainrd by the
people. He (Mr. Hunter) looked upon the veto
power as one of the most valuable powers of the
Constitution. It was valuable, inasmuch as it
provided thst the Government could not move
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
without the assent of the three branches; and it
had proved itself to be efficient to give it harmony
and give it peace. He knew attempts were made
to destroy the power of the Executive lo veto the
measures of the Legislature. Some such ground
was taken in the Whig manifesto of the extra ses-
sion. The Executive veto was lo be destroyed, to
enable a majority here to act uncontrolled; and it
had been well said that it would be as necessary to
destroy the Senate, too, as this provision of the
Constitution. But a Government or despotism of
many heads—a mere legislature of one body, un-
checked by the Constitution—would contain the
seed? of its own dissolution. It had been tried in
Prance; and of all despotisms in the world, save
him fiom that
If, then, there was nothing in the objection that
the proceeds of the public lands ought, of right
and of duty, to have gone to the States; if there
was nothing in the objection that the President ought
not to have vetoed the bill on grounds of expedi-
ency only, the other question which remained to be
considered was, Was this, Mich a bill as ought to
have been vetoed? He maintained that this was
such a bill; and, if there ever was a measure
which a statesman and patriot was bound to arrest,
this was one. Mr. H. referred to the condition of
th" country under which th>s bill was passed, to
the clamor of the pubhe creditors; the difficulty in
negotiating a loan; and the falling off of the reve-
nue He also noticed the estima'es of the chair
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to Ihe
amount of revenue required for the service of the
Government, for its ordinary expenses and for the
public debt, for the present jear. The cha-r-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
had introduced a bill for the purpose of rais-
ing twenty-seven millions of dollar*, on an es-
timate of seventy nine millions of imports; while
the Secretary of the Treasury estimated the im-
ports at ninety millions. But Mr. H. ventured to
predict that this amount of revenue could not be
raised, on account of the extent to which smug-
gling would be carried on the northwestern fron-
tier. Free trade would then prevail, in earnest,—
which would be a very fine thing, to be sure, for
Buffalo, but what would it be for New York'—
what would it be for Boston, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, and Charleston? Would the Atlantic sea-
board consent to be hermetically sealed, while
free trade was pouring its riches into the north-
west? He would warn gentlemen that their
system would destroy the very subject of taxation
itself, producing a spirit that would soon lead to
some other mode of raising a revenue If we can-
not get along by (he piesent means of raising reve-
nue, and our expenditure is to be twenty-seven
millions—what, then, is to be the result It we do
wisely, we should curtail our expenditures, take
back the proceeds of the public hnds, and collect
a re enue by a system of duties laid solely for that
object What was the other alternative? A sys-
tem of internal duties, and he would put it to gen-
tlemen whether they would be willing to lake di-
rect taxation rather than givp up distribution?
Where would this sjstem fall heaviest' Not on
us, but on that rich country whose resources gen-
tlemen so much boasted of If the system which
gentlemen were so wedded to should, 1,1 Ihe end,
destroy foreign commerce, dry up the sources of
publ c revenue, and drive us to a ¡system of direct
taxation—as he verily believed it would—when
that tune came, the burden would fall on them.
The question then was, of returning to the treasury
the proceeds of the pubhc lands, or of direct taxa-
tion? Cxa. we blame the President, then, wncn—
seeing the finances tf the country embarrassed, and
pub'ic credit prostrated—he taKes the enly measure
in his power to re'ieve the one and restore the
other' If the dominant party would lake his ad-
vice, (and he wou'd n it pretend that he had;  pght
to advise them,) ih"y would meet an inevitable
state of ihings by a wise and manly couvse. Here
Mr. H. laid down the policy which he deemed best
calculated for the mierests of the country. The
people were with the President in the acts which
were so severely censured.   They do not (said
717
Mr. H ) distrust your patriotism or your talents}
but they believe that your system is not calculated
for the benefit of the country.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania having obtained"
the door—
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland appealed to his
friend from Pennsylvania to give way, to allow
him to make a motion to adjourn.
Mr. COOPER declined, and addressed the
House at great length, in opposition to the veto,
and in censuie of the President.
Mr. SAUNDERS of North Carolwa next ad-
dressed the Hou«e in defence of the message. In
the course of his remarks, he referred to the Fed-
eralist, from which he made some extracts, together
with the history of the day, to show the origin and
necessity of the veto power as laid down in the
Constitution; and, in answer to (he objections
made by several ¡-¡entlemen that the veto power
ought not to be exercised on any other man con-
stitutional grounds, he showed that Presidents
Washington and Madison had both exercised it on
mere grounds of expediency. He would advise
gentlemen, then, when they went home to their
constituents, and told them that this veto power be-
longed only to a nation of slaves, and that John
Tyler had dared to exercise it on mere grounds of
expediency, to tell them, at the same time, that
George Washington, the father ot his country, did
the lanie thins; Mr. S then went into an able
vindication of the President from the cnarges
brought against him—continuing his remarks up to
the end of his hour
Mr. MARSHALL addressed the House for an
hour in opposition to tne message of the Piesident.
Mr. ADAMS next addressed the House in se-
vere and caustic examination of the veto, as used
on ihe present occasion, though he admitted that
the President had the constitutional right to exer-
cise it
Mr. PENDLETON, having obtained the floor,
moved the previous question.
Mr. CÜSHING asked the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the previous question, to allow
him to make an explanation.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland moved that the
House adjourn; which motion was negatived—yeas
42, nays 142,
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main auesJion ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland asked to be ex-
cused from voting; and, after giving his reasons for
making the request withdrew it.
Mr SPKIGG also asked to bs excused from vo-
ting; and after a few remaiks—■
The SPEAKER c?Ued him to order for irrele-
vancy.
Mr. WELLER moved that the gentleman be
permitted to proceed m order earned—ayes 82,
noes 80
Mr. SPK.IGG made a few remarks, censuring
tht course ot the majority of the Hoube for having
brought the country to its present bituation. If, as
they contended, the piesent tariff laws could not be
carried into effect, for want cf rules and regula-
tions, why had nit the dominant party, with their
immense majority in both Houses, made ihem in
the course oí a seven-months' session? After a
few more remarks, Mr S was again called to or-
der by the Speaker, and took his seat.
The question was then taken, " Shall this bill
pass, notwithstanding the objections of the Presi-
dent?" and decided in trv negative—there not be-
ing a majority of two thirds—yeas 114, nays 97, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, L W Andrews, Sherlock J An-
chews, Appltion, Arnold, AYCngg, Bancuck Baliei, Barnard,
Baitnn, Ilirdpieye Bmr Boai Iman, Borden Briggs, Brockway,
Bronson, M Brow i, I Blown, Burned William Butler, Wil-
liam IS Campbt.il, Ihomas 1 f ampbeil, Carmhers, Casey,
ChilcU, Chittenden, John C Claik, staley N Ciarte-, Jame 
Cooper Cjvvi-r) Garritt Davis Dtberry JohB Edwards, Eve-
iei.1, Tessen len, Fillmo e, A 1. Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gid-
di •>■< Go'gm P Q Goode, Giabam, Granger, Gieen, Hall,
Hílate 1, Howard Hudson Hunt 1 K. lnger oil, Tames Irvm,
W W Iiwin Jamás John P Kennedy, King, Cane Linn,
MtKenpan. Thomas B Marshall, fcarmon Waoii, Muhiot,
Mattocks, WaxwH!, Mavnard Meiiivether, Mitc'ioll Moore,
Morgan, Mo as, Morrow, Osborne, Owslty, Pcarce, Pendleton,
Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Kandatl, A Randall, Ran-
dolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Wm Russell, James M Rus«sl',
Salionstal! Sheppeid, Slade, Truman Smith, bolléis, Spngg,
