918
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Stanly, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander H H Stuart, John T Stu
art, Summers, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, R W Thomp
son, Tillmghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Triplett, Trumbull, Van
Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren, Washington, Edward D White,
Christopher H Williams, Joseph L Williams, and John
Youne—114
NAifS—Messrs Adams, Arrmgton, Atherton, Bidlack,
Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewstei Buike, William O Butler
Green W Caldwell, P C Caldwell John Campbell, Chap
man, Clifford, Clinton, Coles,M A Cooper, Cravens Cush
mg, Daniel, Richard D Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doan, Doisr,
Eastman, Egbert, Ferris, Charles A Floyd, Fornance, T F
Foster, Geiry, Gilmer, Wm O Goode, Gordon, Gwin,
Habersham, Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Hubard, Hunter, C J Ingersoll, Jack Cave John
son, John W Jone , Kemi, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Little
field, Robert McClellan, McKay, Mckeon, Mallory, Mar
ohand, Alfred Marshall, J T Mason, Matlaews, Medill, Mil
ler, Newhard, Patridge, Payne, Pickens, Ptumer, Rpad, Red
mg, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sanford, Saundeis, Shaw, Shields, William Smith, Snyder,
Steenrod, Sumter, Jacob Thompson" Van Buren Ward, Wat-
terson, Weller, Westbrook, Joseph L White, James W
Williams, Wise, and Wood—97
Mr. FILLMORE observed that to-morrow and
the two succeeding days being assigned for the
business of the Territories, he would move to post-
pone that business for this day week, for the pur-
pose of goin  into the revenue bill
Mr. LEVY hoped the gentleman would except
the bill for the armed occupation of Florida, as it
was important for the safety of the Territory that
that bill should be speedily passed
Mr. MERIWETHER moved the House ad
journ  rejected—yeas 45, nays 134
Mr. FILLMORE, at the suggestion of Mr.
Pope, modified his motion so a. to postpone the
special orders till Thursday week and the two fol-
lowing days; and, the question having been put,
the motion was agreed to
The SPEAKER presented a communication
from the Department of State, transmitting, m com-
pliance with the resolution of the House, hereto-
fore noticed, an authenticated copy of the exposi-
tion of the reasons given by the President for sign-
ing the apportionment bill, which was read
Mr. ADAMS moved lo tefrr the communica-
tion and documents to the select committee ap-
pointed on that subject, and that they be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina expressed
a wish to address the House on the subject, and
moved that the House adjourn, which motion was
carried, and          *
The Houte adjourned
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 5, 1842
Mr YOUNG prestnted a petition from a num-
ber of citizen:  of Whitest ie county, Illinois pray-
ing ihe establishment of a mail-route from Peoria
to Fulton city, and piesented a msmonal from
citizens of Lasal e, Kendall, and Kane countus,
Ilhnoiá, remonstrating ag unst the establishment of
certain mail-routes to run on the easi side of Fox
river, which wete referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr TALLMADGE presented a memorial sign
ed by nine bundled mechanics and laborers of Al-
bany, New York, represen mg the deplorable con-
dition to which they have been reduced tor the
want of emplo5inent, and praying that Congress
will pass a tariff giving protection to American in-
dustry, which was rtad, and laid on the table
Mr BUCHANAN presentpd a memorial from
the board ot commissioners ot Kensington distri't,
in the Nonhetn Liberti -, Pmla telphia, in behalf
of the inhabitants tf that place, in ¡avorof tho con-
struction of a marine railway m the port of Phila
deljihia referred to the CommiUee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mi HUNTINGTON, from the Committee en
Commerce, to tvhicn had been re.eired House bul
for the reliet of John P Pierc , reported th, same
back without amendment, and with a le-omrrend-
aticn 'hat it do pa -s
Mr CONRAD 10m the Com? i tee on Pjbl c
Lands, to whi<,>j kaf been   f rrfd jjou e bill fe-
me re iff < II \j G-p, >e o te 1 tne same hack
without smfii iiiienf, and With a recormcr> j^ti n
that it do pass
Mr MILLER, fro a he Commi'tet on the Post
Office and Poct H/>  '«¡, reported a jctt resolution
authorizing th- Potmasf'r Gp-eral *o allow to
Patton and Pdcherthe amount of their contract for
carrying the rrail, which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Washington, pointing out certain
defects in the existing charter, and praying Con-
gress to remedy ihe grievances complained of: re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia
Mr BAGBY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which had been referred
the bill for the relief of Jamison and Williamson,
asked the discharge of the committee from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill; which motion was
agreed to.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Baqby on Friday last, was agreed to.
1 Resolved That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed to
cause a scientific examination to be made of the second inven
tion of Captain Easton, to prevent the explosion of steam
boilers, and report the result of such examination to the Sen
ate "
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Wocdbridge on Friday last, was agreed to:
"Resolved, That the Secretaiy of War be required to submit
to the Senate so much of the report  and survey of the straits
of Detroit as will exhibit the impediments to the entrance of
said straits from Lake Brie, and also a copy of the report in
reference to the impediments to the navigation on Lake St
Clair '
Mr. TAPPAN moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the 42d rule of the Senate be so amended
as to include, m addition to the persons who shall be admitted
to the floor of the Senate "Lieutenant Wilkes and the officers
who were associated with him dunng the exploring expedí
non "
Mr. WHITE did not believe that there was any
precedent by which the persons to be admitted to
the privileges of the Senate were designated by
name. He wished to know wheiher Lieutenant
Wilkes would not be as well designated under the
term "officers of the exploring expedition^"
Mr. TAPPAN was understood to say that there
were some officers who sailed with the expediiion,
who served with it only a short time, theiefore it
was proper to designate those who served during
the expedition.
Mr BAYARD said it had not been more than
two 5 ears since the Senate were put to the pains of
revising the rules. They found it necessary to
exclude a great number of persons, on account of
the inconvenience experienced from the unlimited
extension of the privilege Many officers of the
Supreme Court, and ot the T-easury Department,
wue excluded on the revision of the inles, because
it was n*ce->sary to do so He was not only sure
that there was no piecedent to admit any individ-
ual by nam-, but, if the resolution was adopted, it
would have the effect to put midshipmen who at-
ten led the expeditun on ihe wmt footing with
tho^e officers who received the thanks of Congress
foi rendering the most brilliant services to the
country during the last war.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
rejected.
Numerous advsrs  r°portí from the -tandmg
committees, on privMe ckims were taken up and
concurred m
Mr BAGBY moved to take up his resolution,
propemg lo investigate the chirge that John Ross
fiad received upwards of $500,000, in addition to
the contract price with the Government, for re-
moving the Cherokee Indians west of the Missis-
sippi, bin, at tne solicitation of Mr Crittenden—
who said his colleague, [Mr Mobehead,] who
wi«h d to spt^k upon it, was absen', and with the
understanding that the reso'utum should b« uken
up within thae days—he withdrew the mo'ion for
to-day
The bi'l ftom the Hou c-, entitled ' An act for
the relief o the legal repr sentatives of Jos ph
Blakely, decease I," w?s takei up, as in committee
or t^e who't, s>nd, tftrr some explanation of ns
pn c les ry Mr HENDERSON, on ihe c?'l o'
Mr KING r \j s reponed to ihe Senate-, anrf or-
dered o a n rtt reading
House bill entitled ' An act for the reuef of T m
P. Campbell," was taktD i p, as in ccnmi'ipe ct
the wnole, an!, aflei the adop ma of several
amendments proposed i y Mr kMIFH of Indiana
it wai reported lo the Senate, and the amendments
were ordered to be engro sed, and the bill to be
read a third time.
Mq TAPPAN, on leave, introduced a bill to
extend the Patent Office to Sevenih street; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
The bill for the reliet of Charles Morgan was
taken up, as in committee of the whole, on the
report of the Committee on Private Land Claims
adverse to its passage lbe bill was considered,
and reported to the Senate, and then,
Oa motion of Mr. KING, was indefinitely post-
poned.                                                     ,           ;
Mr. YOUNG moved the Senate to take up the
joint resolution directing the transfer of the stock
held by the United States in the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal te the State of Maryland.
The question was put, and the Senate refused to
take up the resolution.
The bill further supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to establish the judicial courts of the
United Slates," passed the 24th of September,
1789, came up for consideration.
Mr BERRIEN explained the nature of the fell!.
He read and commented upon each section, show-
ing the changes to be effected with regard to provis-
ions of She act ot 1789 and subsequent amenda|
tory act of 1790, experience having proved the ne-
cessity of the modifications propo*ed.
Mr. WRIGHT was not aware that this bill
would be called up to-day It was a bill purport-
ing to have been introduced by himself; and, as
far as the fiist two sections went, it might be said
to be h's bill, although he really did not know
much about the effects of even those section , hav-
ing merely introduced the bill at the solicitation
of several gentlemen m New York, and under the
advice of the late'chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, [Gen Wall ] The additional sections ap-
pended by the Judiciary Committee bad, however,
so changed the bill, and added so much that was
intricate and extremely important, that he should
be constrained to c<tll for a postponement of the bill
till to morrow, that time might be given for an ex-
amination into the subject.
Mr BERRIEN assenting,
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned t'l! to morrow.
The consideration of the bill to authorize the
settlement of the accounts of Joseph Nourse, was
resumed, as in committee of the whole. There
being no proposition to amend the bill, it was re-
ported to 'he Senate; and,
The ques'ion being, "Shall the bill be engrossed
for a third reading?"
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nay ;
which were ordered.
Mr. WOODBURY said he would have to vote
against the bill as it then stood, though he was in
favor of some equitable allowance. He warned
the Senate that, from his experience, if they un-
dertook to pay this claim on the g.ound that the
duties performed did not appeitain to those -which
officially belonged to Mr. Nourse, as Register of
the Treasury, it would take from the treasury hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars. From the founda-
tion of the Government, it had been usual for of-
ficers of the Government to perform duties assigned
them, which did not appertain to their duties of-
ficially, and to perform them after office hours;
and, if th y were now to establish the principle
that such duties «hould be paid for extra, and in-
dependent of the salary such officer may have
received, and may now receive, an immense
sum would be required for that purpose. Some of
th  duties of Mr. Nouiae were performed forty or
fifty ytars ago, ?nd he wis somewhat surprised, if
tnat valuab'e officer, at ihe time he was perform-
ing the duties alkged, exp°cled to receive pay, that
he did not piesem thf csim ihen, or twenty or
thirty year-, sooner If this large claim wa<- pa «ed,
the> would have lo go forward and pay to the pres-
ent Regis er, vhowasperfo ming^utieswhicsdidnot
belong to mm, and to pay all olicers similarly situ-
ated He maintained ¡mt th" who'  time of the
public officer belonged to the Government, and if
they undeuook to pay for all the services per-
formed out of offic-hours the appropriations to
the who'e civil list would hav -■ to be doubled. He
was opposed to giving a cent« n ihis bill, on the idea
that it was for services performed eut of office-
