CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
hears, but he might be in favor of making an equi-
table allowance to him for such services as were
performed, for which an individual has since been
appointed and is paid to perform.
Mr. HUNTINGTON advocated the passage of
the bill: be thought the claim was a just one. It
htfd been decided by the Supreme Cuuit that it
was a legal claim. There was a precedent (he
said) for the payment of services which were exüa
official; and he instanced the case of the Register of
thf Treasury, who, while the Senator from New
Hampshire was at the head of the Treasury De-
partment, received compensation for signing tiea-
iury-notes.
Mr. WOODBURY said if there was any prom-
ise sf payment to Mr Nourse, the payment should
bave heen made at the time, and not postponed till
thirty and forty year  afterwards. With reference
to the allowance to the Register of the Treasu'y
for signing treasury-notes, he would only =ay that
the act making the appropriation specified that
payment should be made for that service, and the
chairman, of the committee who framed the bill
stated in a communication that he so intended it
Mr. WALKER showed that the bill involved a
claim of $9,283 for services which Mr. Nourse
performed extra of h's du íes as Register of the
Treasury, and that the Circuit Court and Supreme
Court had decided that it was a legal claim against
the Government. Mr W. said he had besn al-
ways opposed to extra allowances of any kind, but
it became his duty as a member of the Judiciary
Committee to examine (his case, and he belevtd
it was well founded in equity and law.
The question on ordering the bill to be engross-
ed for a third reading was put, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 23, nay., 14, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Beirien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Ciafts, Crittenden, bvans, Giaham,
Huntington, Keir, Mangum, Miller, Porter, Simmons, fcmith
of Indiana, Tallmadge Walkei, Woodbndge and Voung—23
NAY  -Messrs Allen, Bagby, Btnton, Buchanan Cutli
belt, Pulton, King, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, andWught—14
The following bills were then read the third time
and passed, viz-
An act for the relief of Joseph L  Kline
An act for the relief of Obed P Lacy.
An act for the'relief of Barnett Birasall.
An act for the relief of Peter Sky, an Onondaga
Indian.
An act to authorize the States of Indiana and
Illinois to select certain quantities of land, in lieu
of like quantities heretofore granted to said States,
to aid in constructing the Wsbash and Erie, and
Illinois and Michigan canals.
An act to authorize the county commissioners of
Linn county, in the Territory of Iowa, to entsr, by
legal subdivisions, a quarter section of land, in
which the county seat of said county ha= rjeea
located.
An act to provide for the u ttlemenl of certain
accounts foi the support of wovemment in the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin,' and for other purpose
'■An aet for the re íef oí William R. Davis
An act to regulate the value to be fixed ¡o the
pound sterling of ihe Treasury Department.
An act for the relief of Zachanah Jellison, and
An act for the relief of Elisha Br>son
The Senate then took up, as in committee of the
whole, the bill to increase the compensation of the
judge of the district court of the United States in
the district of Louisiana.
One amendment was to reduce the proposed «al-
ary of the judge of the United States district court
of Louisiana from $5,000 to #4,000, and the other
to add that the sa'ary of the judge cf the Uai ed
States district court of Mis.siss ppi shall be #3,000
from the passage oi this bill
The first amendment was adopted without a di-
vision
The question then came up on the second;
when—
Mr SMITH of Indiana proposed to amend trie
amendment, by an addition providing that the sala-
ry of the judge of the United States district court of
Indiana should be $1,500 Mr. S. expla.ned the
reasonableness cf placing the federal judge oa the
same footing, is point of s-alaif, as me judges of
the superior courts of the State.   At present, the
judge of the United S'ates district court receives
only $1,000, while the judges of the superior courts
receive $1,500.
Mr GRAHAM maáe a few remarks; to which
Mr¿ CONRAD responded.
Mr. TAPPaN pointed out that this was a most
inauspicious t>me for increasing the salaries of the
judges. He thought it would be most prudent to
defer the consideration of the subject ti'l the
finance  of tne country were in a better con-
dition.
Mr. SMITH replied that, as a distinctive meas-
ure, he would not, at the present time, have pro-
posed an increase to the salary of the judge of his
State. Bat, as the present bill would be pushed
forward, he thought it necessary to see that equal
justice be done.
Mr. YOUNG asked the Senator from Indiana to
accept, as an addnion to his amendment, the
words "and Minor  each $1,500 " The sllary of
(he district judge of Illinois, at present, is only
$1,000.
Mr SMITH accepted the amendment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE did not object to these
salaries beirg made the same as the salary of the
United State  district judge of Mich gan, but would
remark that great and impoiiant extra duties fell
upon that officer in consequence o£ the revenue
laws.
Mr WHITE said he did not thmk there could
have been any objection Ho so moderate an in-
crease of salary to the judges of Indiana and Mi-
no s. The living of judges in those States was not
cheaper than elsewhere: it was true they were Slates
that grew a greU deal of wheat, corn, and porh-,
but then materials u d not make judges—it was in-
tellect; and to ob'ain 'he best, a fair sa'ary should
be given He as-ked oafy that a judge should
be made independent m his judgment.
Mr BUCHANAN said, there were some things
«o strange, that if they were not witnessed with our
own eyes, they would scarcely be believed possible,
and one of the strangest of all occurrences, during
the present session, he thought, was the attempt at
this time, and under the preient circumstances, to
make an increase in the salaries of judges, or of
any ether public officers They had heard much
about retrenchment and reform; and it was abso-
lutely necessary lhat there should be retrenchment
and reform The national treasury was at this
moment empty, and they were under the necessity
of borrowing money for the ordinary expenses of
the Government. Of all things, then, that had oc-
curred within the history of this country, in bis
opinion, the attempt, at such a time, to increase
th«se salaries, was the most extraordinary. He
would not deny that the salaries of the judges
m'ght be adjusted beneficially. Bat at this moment,
when the Stales themselves—or some of them, at
least—were about reducing the salaries of their
o fleers, lo embark in a general system of rasing
the ■-alanés of the judges of the federal courts, ap-
pea cd to him to be completely at war wi h every
piofession on the part of both political pames n
this country The subjeci had been repeatedly be-
fore the S-nate, and they had auenpied to act
apon it in day  gone by, but the attempt had never
succeeded
In regaid to the duties of the judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States in the States of
Indiana and Illinois, they could not be very oner-
ous There were no revenue cases to be there ad-
j udged, nor suits for seamen's wages Indeed, scarce-
ly anything which particularly belongs to judges
of the United States distr.ct courts And in regaid
to the duties which ihey would have to perform un-
der ihe bankrupt act, he thought he might venture
to assuie benaiori  that these duties would be Vf>ry
fleeting, he behevpd the e was no probability that
they would tontmue another jear. Still it might
be possible ¡net the salaries of «ome of the judges
may be loo low, but it would be observed tba' tlie
sitiMtmn of ju^-je oí the distnet court of the Uni
ted States w¿s one ot rminen  respectability and
dignity, and should not be sought for by any man
who had not passed many years in practice, and
acquired, in the course of that practice, a dfceat
competency.
It was a desirable position for one who had passed
the more active portion of his life m the practice of
the profe«ston of law, and would naturally besought
for by the most eminent men in tbe State. He
certainly thought, therefore, that at this particular
period they were only wasing time by discussing
the subject, for he was convinced it was utterly
impossible that they would delermine to enter upon
an increase of salaries generally, snd any one
who was acquainted with the transaction of busi-
ness in this body, must know full well that if they
began by raising the salaries of three, four, or five
judges, they would be forced to go on and place all
upJEi an equal looting. The judge of the United
States disinct court for the wes'era district of
Pennsylvania did not receive as much as ihe judge
of the State court; and if any increase was to
take place it weuld be as necessary in that case as
in any other. But what he protested against wai,
that at this lime, and under the present circum-
stances of the public finances, when every dollar of
the increased salary must be borrowed, and at a
high rate of interest, it was the most unpropittous
period that could be imagined
Mr. tERRIEN admitted lhat the bill was ob-
noxious to many of the remarks made by the Sen-
ator 'torn Pennsylvania. It was not a moment to
irerease the expenditures of the Government; but
if it should be found that, in order to secure ade-
quate talent, it migh' be necessary that, m a par-
ticular instance, Congress should authorize an in-
crease of salary, he did not believe, lamentable ax
was the condition of the treasury, that ihe condi-
tion of the country was so low a? to suspend its in-
dispensable action It had been proved that no
adtquaie talent could be got In Louisiana for the
saUry heretofore allowed.
[Mr Buchanan asked, "Did it not amount to
$5,0001"—and was answered in the affirmative ]
It would not command the services of persons
of the best ability and practice. In many in-
stances, it had fallen under his own observation,
that it was extremely difficult to obtain the consent
of competent persons to accept the office. The
Judiciary Committee did not go beyond these two
cases, not conceiving so good a case made out for
the other applications for 'ncrease of salary.
Mr. CONRAD could assure the Senator from
Ptnnsylvam? that the office of Unucd States dis-
trict court Judge in Louisiana was not the sinecure
ofice he conceived Tho e who had hitherto held
the office had not been able to secure anything like
an independence. The city of New Orleans was
nst a position for an officer on such a salary to re-
lire tor the enjoyment oí competency. The salary
ot the United States district judge is inferior to that
of every othtsr jadge of the State. As to the reform
^nd retrenchment prorated, he feared they had
not been accompli-hed as they ought The reform
should have been in tire employment in the of-
fice of the fir-t talent, and the íetrenchment, not
in awardug inadequate compensaiion for services,
bat in the ji dicious application ot ihe publicmeans
for ihe be-.t service ot t^e Government.
Mr. WALKER read an < racial statement of the
causes pending ir> the different circuits of the Uni-
ted Slates discicí court of Mississippi, showing
lhat they were nearly half the amojui of causes
for all the other district courts of the United States
put together
In ihe northern and southern districts, 200 miles
apart, ihe number of causes was 2,830. The
salary is either $2,000 or #2,500, but the lowest
judge in tbe State gets $3 000, and does not do half
tbe duty He pointed oul all the duties the United
States district judge had to perform, which had
proved so onerous that three per ons appointed
had, c i trial of the office, resigned in succession.
T«.ke Pennsylvania- there are two judges who
do not ppríoim one-iou'th of ihe duty performed
by ttns «in_le ¡ fge m Missi' íppi The eastern
judae ot Pennsylvania sit, in Phi'adelphia, and has
not a mile lo travel, jet gets $2 500. If, as he
suspected, the saiary of fte district judge in Mis-
sissnpi was only $2 000, he hoped H.e Senator
from Pennsylvania, woo e patriotism was so ur-
ged for retrenchment and reform, would move an
amendment to reduce the salary of tbe Judge of
the eaittra district of Pennsylvania to the same
sum paid to the district judge of Mississippi.
