CONGRESSIONAL. CHLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cons.........2d Sess.
MONDAY, JULY 11, 1842.
Volume ll-'-No. 46.
\Continwd from No. 45.
Mr. WHITE made a few additional observa-
tions m favor of the proposition.
Mr. WOODBURY remarked that the appor-
tionment bill, to which the Senator from New York
referred, increased, instead of diminished, the expen-
ditures for the judiciary A proposition had been
made in the Senate to add $ 100,000, bat without
success. But, even as the bill passed and went
back to the House, it was for a sum considerably
larger than the appropriation of last year
After a few explanatory remarks from Messrs.
TALLMADGE and BAGBY, the yeas and nays
were called for, and ordered, on the amendment to
the amendment as modified, and resulted in the
negative—yeas 18, nays 19, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choatc,
Clayton, Conrad, Evans, Huntington, Ken, Miller, Poner,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, ¡sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Young—18
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Craft*
Fulton, Graham, King, Mangum, Phelps, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wright—19
The question then recurred on the original
amendment proposed by the Judiciary Commit
tee.
Mr. WHITE observed that the decision just
made compelled him, on principles of equity and
self-respect, to vote against the amendment
Mr. SMITH of Indiana called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and resulted in the nega-
tive—yeas 11, nays 24, a? follows-
YEAS—Messrs Archer Barrow, Bates, Berrien Chotte,
Clayton, Conrad, Huntington, Ken, Sprague, and Walker,
—11
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanin CiaU>,
Evans, Fulton, Grahairi, King, Mangum, Miller, Phelps Se
vier,Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Stuigeoo Tall
niadge, Tappan, White, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright and  Young—24
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and a few verbal amendments were made, after
which, the question arose on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
negative—yeas 16, nays 21, as follows
YEAS—Messis Archer Barrow, Bates Berrien Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Keir, Mnler,
Porter,   Simmons, Spiague, and Tallmadge—16
NAYS—Messrs Allen Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Crafts,
Fulton, Km?, Mangum, Phelps, Sevier, Smith of Conr-"ticut,
Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, lappan Walker Wmte, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—21
So the bill was lost.
Mr. SEVIER moved an adjournment.
Mr. BAYARD asked the Senator to withdraw
his motion, to enable him to report a bill to sup-
press the vending of lottery tickets.
Mr. SEVIER assenttd.
Mr. BARROW moved an adjournment
Mr. BAYARD observed that he had the floor
Mr. BARROW contended that his motion had
priority.
Mr. BAYARD appealed to the Chair.
The CHAIR decided that the Sena or from Del-
aware had the floor.
Mr. BAYARD then reported ihe bil'.
Mr. SEVIER offered a resolution authorizing
the reference of a private claim to the Commiitee
on Private Land Claims, which was adopted.
„   Mr. BARROW then moved an adjournment, and
The Senate adjaarned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 5, 1842.
Mr. J P KENNEDY, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported, by leave, the fo lowing
bills-
A bill for Ihe relief if George P Pollen and
Robert Colgate, and
A bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas S
Wmslow- read twice, and íeferred to the Co-nmit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. JOHN C EDWARDS, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, made a report on the memo-
rial of the Legislature of Iowa in relation to the
purchase of land from the Sac and For Indians,
with a resolution, which was laid on the table.
Mr RIDGWAY presented two petittons, Mgncd
by 138 citizens of the counties of Marion, Union,
and Hardm, in the State of Ohio, praying Congress
to establish a weekly mail-route, on horsebick, be-
ginning at Marion, in Manon county, thence to
Holmesville, in Bowlinggreen township; and thence
to Richmond, in Union county which were refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads
Mr BOTTS presented the memorial of 2,000
citizens of Richmond, Virginia, praying for a pro-
tective tariff, and also that the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands might be distributed.
Mr. B. made some remarks in presenting the
petition.
VIRGINIA MILITARY BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. GILMER, by leave of the House, made a
statement personal to himself, in reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr Hall ]
who bad seemingly charged him, during his (Mr
G \) visit to his sick family in Virginia, with being
interested in the passage of those claims through
Congie«s Mr G stated that he had received a
note from the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr
Hall,] in reply to one addressed to that gentleman,
disavowing any intention to reflect upon his mo
tives in pursuing the course which he had thought
proper to take
Mr. G gave a history of his connexion wuh
this subject—when he first entered the Legislature
of Virginia, in 1829, when chaiman of a com-
mittee oa revolutionary l?ml warrants, afterward",
wnen commissioner on (je part of Virginia lo
prosecute these claims b fore Congres , in 1831,-
and when in ihe executi/e chair of the Stite He
entered (he said) into these personal narrations
with repret, and only because bis friends had in-
sisted that they were required at his hands So far
from being a general advocate ot ¡lie e claims, he
had mcuned the odium of all the prosecuting
agenb, by exercising his discrimination in sepa
rating the good frcrn the bad Though offered the
best inducements to become an agent on behalf of
private mdivit'u«l",—and though, as others had
done, he might have made a large fortune,—he
had declined all offers, and, only at the U'gent re-
quest of a rnaj only of the members of the Vir-
ginia Legislature, accepted the appo lament of
agent on behalf of ihe State to prosecute these
claims before Congress, at the miserable p ttanre
of 1 per cent on all that he established. The doc-
trine h<> held wa , that, these claims having been es-
tablished by the circuit and supreme courts ot Vir-
ginia,  the Goierrment was bound to make them
Mr G continued his explanation of the sub-
ject for some time, after wh ch,
Tne quesuon was taken upon the pamendments
offered by Messrs Hail and W. O Go de and
thev were adop ed.
Tne resolution, as it then passed the House, pro
vides that a select committee shall be appointed to
¿rquire m'o the amount and eharae'er of the ex-
penditures which have been made by the Govern-
ment in sausfaction of bounty lend elaims allowed
by the S ate of Virginia; what amount of like
claims is yet outstanding; whether any further
legislation is necessary t8 secure the treasury
ogams'- the payment of improper or unfounded
claims, or to satisfy outst?nding cla ms which are
jrst and weii-iouided                                  
THE TARIFF BiLL.         \
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the House r;
solved it« if i„to a Coaiisittee of the Wholeon
slat-  of the Union, (Vti McKennav in the chair,)
anJ resumed the consi leration of the genera,!/and
bill The proposition before the committee was
Mr. Saltonstai.i's mot on to substitute the mil re-
ported lrom the Committee on Manufactures for
that reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland addressed the
committee m favor of protection. He commenced
by remarking that there was a general coincidence
of opinion in the country as to one thing—and that
was, that something must be done, or the Govern-
ment must soon come to a stand. Wuh regard to
the alternative of supplying this deficiency in the
treasury by direct taxes or excise , he held that
such an expedient would never be tolerated. He
referred to the repugnance alwa>s manifested by
our Saxon ancestors to the resisting of the tax-
gatherer, and quoted the passage from Chatham
describing the immunity of every man's home as
his castle.
Other gentlemen might pursue what course they
chose, but he would not vote an appropriation of
any kind, nor would he vote to authorize any loan
or issue of treasury notes, until he saw the means
of meeting them.
If gentlemen wished to see the effects of taxation,
let them go across the line into Maryland It was
not a resource for any large part of this Union; and
it would soon become clear that taxc'iou never
would become one of the sources by which this
Government would be su-tained. What waf the
•source, then, from which it must derive Us sup-
port' Duties Ip what form—protec ive or hori-
zontal duties?'' ílis was a grave question, but it
was one on which this country had de'ermined.
Hitherto, harmonious counsels had been wished;
but if peace was only to be secured by the surren-
der of the most vital interests of industry, he could
only say gentlemen would be mistaken , and he
would say to their adversaries, beware", or they
might find an awakened lion in their paih As
soon as it was seen that there was a premeditated
purpose to make war on 'abor, they would find all
their miserable projects iruiiless. He did not
mean to meet this as an op^n cons'itutionil ques-
tion , it was a settled question ; if it v-ere not,
there nevei was a question settled by the legislation,
or by the people of this country. Protection was
the very eldest born of our coumrv, and was the
offspring in which the people of this Union have
ever taken their greatest delight Ha went for
protection, as pro ecüou per se , and he believed it
to be one of the highest duties of this Government.
He was willing io blend revenue w th protection,
for Ihe devil ("money") muot be rsised Revenue,
as a gentleman had observed, w?s a necssary evil;
but they must have protection to secure to our own
people our own markets a^ain^t all the world. He
demanded orotection for the coun ry, and for every
portion of the country
Mr APFLETON went for ths o'u sjs-tem—• for
specific dune , discriminating fot toe protection of
our own products He then gave his version of
the histoiy of ihe co<tipromise act, and said it was
a compromise to wkicn the JackM/ii party and the
Sate oí South Caro ma «were Ihe parnés T.ie
manufacturers were parties also to that com-
promise. But it was but as vic'ims. He de-
nounced the compromise act as ai arrant im-
posture, and contended that it was not obi gatory
on manufacturing mteres's.
Mr SAUNDERS of North Carolina ooierved
that his experience ever since be had bsen a mem-
ber of this House bai taught him that, whenever
an individual came here asking fur exclusive pnvi-
leges, he never fa.led to find aole and zealous ad-
vocates, because he comes here with disinterred
patriotism, asking everything for his coun'ry, and
nt thing for himself, it he ooraes here asa bank
monopolist, asking "">r ejielus ve pnvil<-g-s, s il. he
tells you that hi>obj ct u to improve the currency.
If he comes as a manufacturer, he tells you that
his object is to protect the industry of the country,
and to render us independent of foicign r it ms
If he comes here as a merchant, he sa\^ that h
