CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                            728
cease; that the House shall then proceed to consider
the details, and any member offering an amend-
ment shall be allowed to explain his amendment
for the space of fifteen mmutes, and no longer;
and that after the amendments are disposed of, the
debate shall be allowed to go on in the usual way
till the time limited for its close.
On motion by Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky,
Tbe House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesdat, July 6, 1842.
Mr CALHOUN appeared in his seat (o-day.
Mr. YOUNG presented additional testimony in
support of the claim ot Mr Skidmore, for carry-
ing the mail; whteh was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred House bill tor the re-
lief of James Seaborn, reported the same back
without amendment.
House bills entitled "An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Josiah Blakeley, deceased,"
and "An act for the relief of John P, Campbell,"
were read the third time, and passed
Mr. MILLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Wiilum L Dayton, who had been anpointed
by the Governor of New Jersey a Senator for that
State, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the death
of the Hon Samdel L. Southard.
The bill further supplementary táan act entitled
"An act to establish the judicial Jcourts of the
United States," passed the 24th of Sebtember, 1789,
came up for consideration, as in committee of the
whole.
The 1st section of the bill provides that Commissioners to
be appointed by the circuit courts of the Tinned State* shall
have the same power as magi  lates and justices ol the peace
in making arres's, &c
Section 2 piovides that "Such commissioner hail require
recognizances for the appearance of witnes,s|s to give ga
mony, and that the compensation shall be th^same as 's Hsu
ally allowed to Government witnesses
The Commmee on the Judiciary proposes to
amend the bill by adding seven sections. They
provide as follows.
' The 3d section piovides that the district courts of the United
States shall have concurrent juris hction with the cucult
courts, orer all crimes or offences against the United States, the
punishment of which i& not capital
Section i fixes the penalty for an of nee committed upon
the high seas, or elsewheie within the admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction of the United States, at $1,000 or by impiisonment
not exceeding one year, or by both, accoiding o the nature and
aggravation of the offence
Section 5 substitutes the penalty as in section 4 for the pen
alty affixed to dimes arising under the law of 1790.
Section 6 provides that the district courts, as courts of admi
ralty, and the circuit courts a3 courts of equity shall b deemed
to be always open for business coi ring within then jurisdiction
section 7 provides that the Supieme Court snail have power
to regulate the practice of the distuct ard circuit courts m suits
at common law, or m admiralty, and in equity pending m said
courts
Section 8 gives full power and authority to the Supreme
Court to make and prescribe regulations to the district and cir
cult courts, as to the taxation and payment of costs, in all suits
and proceedings therein, and to tax costs &c
Section 9 provides that interest shall be recoverable upon
judgments m all cases where, by the law ol the State, interest is
recoverable, and at ¡>uch ra'e as is allowed m the courts of such
States
Messrs. WRIGHT, CHOATE, and HUNT-
INGTON, made an analyse of the provisions of
the bill; and presented many objections to the 4 h
section, being the second of the amendments of the
Judiciary Committee
Mr BERRIEN said the committee had recom-
mended this section merely for the purpose of cb
tainingthe sense of the Senate as to its expediency.
Mr WRIGHT observed tbrt he would have a
few words to say on the amendments, when
taken upsgparately, in the order in which they stood
in. the bill.
The CHAIR remarked that the ques'ion would
first come up on the 31 section, which wa  the
first amendment proposed by the committee
The question being on concurring with ihe Judi-
ciary Committee in their first amendment, being
the 3d section of the b 11—
Mr. WRIGHT then said he was oppo ed to the
third section, on the g'onnd of its berg too broad
an extension of the criminal jurisdiction of the dis-
trict eourts He therefore called the yeas and nays
on the question of adopting this amendment.
The yeas and nays being ordeied, Mr BER-
RIEN pointed oat th^ advantages which would re-
sult from this extension of the jurisdiction of the
district courts.
The question was then taken on the third sec-
tion, audit was adopted—yeas 23, nays 12, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Beinen,
Choate, Clayton Conrad, Crafts Crittenden, Evans, Hunting
ton, Kerr, Mangum, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Spiague Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Wilcox, and Wood
bridge—23
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Kinir, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
1 ury, and Wright—12
The question 'hen came up on adopting the 4th
section, and, without a division, it was rejected
The next que tion was on the 5th sec ion.
Mr. BERRIEN presumed there would be no ob-
jection to that seclion.
Mr CHOATE suggested an amendment to the
9 h line of that section, the object of which was,
to mitigate the labor of the Judges, by giving
concurrent power to the commissioners to execute,
and thereby share the duties imposed by that sec-
tion.
Mr. BERRIEN objected to any thing that
would reaiove ih se duties from the supei vision of
the judges He would therefore prefer tbe section
in its original form.
Mr. CHOATE pointed out that this extension of
duty to the commissioners would be only consist-
ent with the general principle of the extension of
powers to them by the whole bill.
Mr. BERRIEN said one strong objection would
be the tendency to au'honze an additional com-
missioner to execute those duties.
The question was then taken on Mr Choate's
amendment, ant! it was rejected.
Tue 5 h secuon was 'hen adopted.
The 6 h se-tion was also adopted
The question coming uo on the 7th section—
Mr  WRIGHT objected to it, on accoun' of its
transfer of t^e legislative power of Congress to tne
Supreme Court, in relation to the regulation of tte
district courts, with regard to the foims of writs and
process, &c.   If that  was not the purpose of Ihe
s«ction, there tías no necessity for it at all     He
should, therefore, call for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN asked if the Senator proposed
any amendment, or objected to the whole section?
Mr. WRIGHT said he objected to tie entire
section
Tüe qaect on was then taken by yeas and navs,
and resulted in the affirmative—yeas 18, nays 15,
as f How
YEAS—Messrs Archer Banow, Bttes, Bayai 1 Berrien,
Choa f Clayton Crittenden, Evans, Huntington, Ken Man-
gum, "Miller teimmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
and Woodbridgc—39
Is AY-5— Mess's Allen Bagby, Benton Buchanan Cathnun
Cuthbert, fulton Kin<* Phelp , Smith of Connecticut, fetur
geon, Tappan, W alkei, Wilcox, Woodbury, and Wright—16
So ihe amendment was adopted
The ques'ion next came up on the adoption of
the 8th section
Mr CHOATE proposed an amendment. He
explained that it had the same object in view as
that which he had offered to the 5 h section—'o
relieve ihe judges from a portion of (heir mechani-
cal duty.
Mr BERRIEN was not aware of  ny objection
to the proposed amendment, nor did he see any
necessity for it
Mr. CHOATE explained some cases in which
the neces'i y m ght exist.
Mr. WRIGHT objected that the effect of the
amendmen would be to take away (he respon-
sibility of the judge, and give it to the commissioner
and clerk
The amendment to the amendment was then re-
j cted.
Mr. WRIGHT oLj'Cied to the amendment it-
^e'i, •!•! cal'ed foi the yeas and nays, which were
ordered
Mr. BERRIEN' stated that the object of the sec-
tion was to dimmish the costs and expenses of suns
in these courts.
Mr BUCHANAN hsd the strongest ob|ectnms
to this section, for its tendency was to give the
control o* legislation to the Supreme Court. It was
establishing a ptmciple of transferring the legisla-
tive power of Congress to the Supreme  Court of
the United States.
Mr. BERRIEN denied that it was a transfer of
legislative power.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked, was not the very duty-
transferred to the Supreme Court a transfer of
legislative power'
Mr BERRIEN said legislative power would
cover both increasi>.and reduction: this section
gives tte Supreme Court power only to reduce fee-
bills, not to increase them.
Mr. WRIGHT called the attention of the Senate
t3 the immense influence over the courts, their
officers, and the whole bar of the United States,
which this 8'h section transferred to the Supreme
Court.
Mr HUNTINGTON differed altogether from
ihe Senators from New York and Pennsylvania.
He contended that the effect of the section would
be not only to reduce costs, but to exerc^e a salu-
tary, because an economical influence
Mr. BUCHANAN was aware i* was very hard
to attract the attention of the Senate to such a dry
subject. But he thought, if the section was duly
considered, it would not be adopted. Tne effect is
to repeal a law already passed in relation to fee-
bills If Congress conforms the fee-bills of the
courts over which it has control, to the fee-b.lls of
the State courts, that is a'l that can be expected of
it, and xf, render the laws of Congress already in
force, a surplus of fees accrues to the treasury of
the United States, why should so r?uch of extbtmg
laws be repealed incidentally by this sec toa? Bat
the great and main objection «as, i's trans<er of
the legislative power of Congress to the Supreme
Court.
The ques ion was then taken, by jeas and nsys,
on the adoption of the 8th sectim, and resulted in.
the affirmative—yeas 20, ra}s 15, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates Bern n, Choate,
Clayton, Chaffs, Cuttenden, La ins, Giaiam, liun mston,
Keir, Mangum, Miller, Porter Preston, Simmon*, femiti of
Indiana Sprague and Woodbridge—£0
NAYS—Messis Allen, Bagb,, Benton, Bud amrfrCalhoun,
Comarl Ttilton King, Smith of < onne<uicu Stmtreon, Tap
pan, WalliU V ilcox Williams, Wood lury and'Uiight—15
The next question was on agreeing ^o ihe 9 h
section.
No objection bmng made, it was agreed to.
This closed the amendments submi led b/ the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CONRAD proposed a new section as an
amendment, (he object of which he explairtd to be
to meet ai anomaly with regard o the S ate of
Louisiana, where there is no such dist ntuon as
exists in the other Siatet, beiween tte c ma,on-iaw
system and ihe chancery and equ ty sjs , m There
is no chancery jurisdiction in the S ate of Louisi-
ana—the en'ire system being turn of civil 'aw, ac-
cording to the ancient piaetiee of Franc There
was no remedy afforded by chancery aid eqity
courts in other States, that was notaffbrda3 in Lou-
isiana by the civil-law practice. Mi C ei tamed,
at considerable length, he uchniGal d faculties
which would arise in consequ-nee of ihe anomaly
he had pointed out, and which, m his opimos, ren-
dered the amendment he had offered xiece-^arv.
Mr BERRIEN was hardly piepared to decide
upon a question m relation to an anomaly existing
with regard to a single State, thus brought forward
without notice or time to look into its effect. He
would very much prefer that the proposition should
be made the subject of a distinct bil1, and he hoped
that would be the decision of t^e Senate.
Mr. CONRAD explained its necessity but, in.
consequence of the remarks of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien,] withdrew h  amend-
ment.
There being no further proposition to amend the
bill, it was reported to the Senate The amend-
ments of the committee were concmred in, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read ng.
Engrossed bill providing for the settlement of the
acct unts of Joseph Nourse, was read the third time
and passed.
The following bills were then taken up as in.
committee of the whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and ordered to a third readme, v z-
The bill to provide for the ttpaW < f the decís
ions of the Supreme Court of the ITnitcct Sta.te.,,
i
