724
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House bill entitled An act to amend an act enti-
tied "An act for the relief of Caauncey Calhoun,"
passed March Sd, 1839.
The bill for the relief of Fidelia Stevens.
The bill for the relief of Elisha Burnett.
The bill for the relief of William Polk.
The bill to ann-x a part of the town of Tiver-
ton, m the State of Rhode Island, to the collection
diitnct of Pall River, in the State of Massachusetts,
Tae hill for the relief of Thomas Brownwell.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Munro.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Colonel Wm Piatt.
The bill for the relief of Becfeford C. Matthews.
House bill entitled An act granting a pension to
Sarah Decker, widow of Samuel Decker, de-
ceased
House bill entitled An act in favor of Ellen
Tiuney.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Hul-
dah Farlow.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Clar-
issa Turney
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Es-
ther Parrott.
The bill for the relief of Daniel G. Sk nner, of
Alabama.
The bill for the relief of J K. Tefft, adminis-
traior of Francis Didier Petit de Villers, deceased.
The bill to provide for satisfying -claims for
bounty lands for military services in the late war
with Great Britain, came up as m committee of the
"whole.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said a bill for the same
object, which came fiom the House, had been
amended by the Senate and passed, and, therefore,
sieved to lay the bill on the table The motion was
agiesd to.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of Con-
rad Howe," was laken np, as in committee of the
"whole, on an adverse report from the Committee on
Claims, and,
On molíba of Mr. KING, was indefinitely post-
poned.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of ihe
legal representatives, of Jane Fertinbaugh," was
taken up, as m committee of the whole, on an ad-
verse report from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and,
On the motion of Mr. KING, was indefinitely
postponed.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of John
England," was taken up, at in committee of the
whole, on a report of the Committee on Claims,
recommending its indefinite postponement. The
Senate concurred m the recommendation.
Mr. BAYARD moved to postpone all the pre-
vious orders of the day, for the purpose of taking
•up the bill relating to the District of Columbia
The question wab pat on the motion, and it was
disagreed to
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of Jona-
than Britton,'' was taken up, as in committee of the
•whole, on an adverse report of the Committee on
Pensions, and recommending the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
Mr EVANS made some remarks in defence of
the claim; and
Mr. GRAHAM said, though the individual ren-
dered several years' service to the country, yet he
was a deserter, and was not entitled to a pension
Mr. EVANS replied that he had served five
years, and was not a deserter m the strict sense of
the term, having been misled by a forged paper,
purporting to be a furlough.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked if there was any other
evidence than his own Jeclaration that he was
misled
Mr EVANS replied, No.
Mr. BENTON demanded the >eas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being put,
the adverse report oí the committee was concurred
m by yeas, 24, nays 4
So the bill  as> indefinitely postponed.
House bill en uled "An act tor the relief of
Amos Hunting," was taken up as in committee of
the whole, on a report from the Committee on
Pensions recommending its indefinite postpone-
ment.   The repoit was concurred in
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of Jo-
seph Perkins, James Perkins, and John Q Per-
kins," was tfken up as in committee of the whole,
on a recommendation of the Committee on Com-
merce that the bill be indefinitely postponed. The
report was concurred in.
The joint resolution to extend the franking privi-
lege to ex-Vice Presidents of the United States,
came up on its second reading, but was, on the mo-
tion of Mr. BAYARD, laid on the table for the
present.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of
Elizabeth Fresham, widow of George Fresham,"
was taken up as in committee of the whole, on an
adverse report oí the Committee on Pensions-, and,
on the motion of Mr. WALKER, laid on the ta-
ble for the present
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing the fact that the "lit-
tle tariff bill" had been vetoed by the President;
and that it had been again put to a vote of that
House, as was required by the Constitution, and
that there appeared to be 114 for, and 97 against
the passage of the bill—not being two-tbirds, which
was necessary, under the circumstances, to enact it
into a law.
On motion of Mr ARCHER, the several bills
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs
were laken up, and made the special order of the
day for Friday next.
Mr. BERRIEN gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask the Senate to resume the considera-*
lion of the bill providing further remedial justice
in ihe district courts of ihe United States.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to provide a safe place of de-
posite for property of the United Siates brought by
the exploring expedition
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask the Senate to resume the considera-
tion of the Dancing Rabbit creek bill.   Then,
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 6, 1843.
Mr. HUNTER presented the proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Middlesex county, Vir-
ginia, hsld at Urbanna on the 27th ult., conclu-
ding with a series of resolutions in favor of free
trads.
The following letter, fiom the late Gen Harri-
son, is quoted in the proceedings:
'"Zanesville, Nov 2, 1836
"Genti emen I had the honor, this moment, to receive your
communication of yesterday I regret that my lemarks ofyes
terday were misunderstood in relation to the tanft system
What I meant to convey was, that I had been a warm advocate
tot that system upon us first adoption, that I suit believed in
the benefits n had conferred upon the country, but I certainly
never had, nor ever would have, any idea of reviví ig it What
I said was, that I would not agree to the repeal as it bow stands
In other words, I am for supporting the compromise act, and
never will agí ee to its being altered or i ppealed
"In relation to the internal improvement system, I refer you
for my sentiments to my letter to the Hon Sherrod Williams
WM  H  HARRIbON
"Messrs Dostler, Taylor and others "
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the proceedings
were laid on the table.
Mr MERIWETHER, from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, made a report on the expend-
itures of the Florida war; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS called up the motion to print and
refer the exposition of the reasons given by the
President of the United States for affixing his sig-
nature to the apportionment bill.
Mr CUSH1NG observed that the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr Campbell,] who was
entitled to the floor, was net yet in his seat.
Mr ADAMS    Well, he ought to be here. .
Mr CUSHING inquired if this was the special
order? He thought that executive communica-
tions came up after the morning business
The SPEAKER having decided that the motion
was the first business in order—
Mr CUSHING said that, in th  absence of tre
gentleman from South Carolina, he should take
the floor himself.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia, by permission of Mr.
Cushino, asked leave to offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required to
inform this Hou«e why the document furnishing the returns of
the several banks of the United States has not been reporwd to
Congress also, that he state whether it is in the progress of
preparation, and, if so, when 11 may be expected
Mr MORGAN objected, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr FILLMORE suggested that, before the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proceeded with hts re-
marks, it would be better to take the question on
printing. He hoped, also, that the question on
reference would be left open, and that the debate
would be postponed
The question on printing was then taken, and
carried.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
CUSHING, FILLMORE, and the SPEAKER,
resulting in thei former's claiming the right to pro-
ceed witk his iemarks, which was acquiesced in.
Mr. CUSHING said that he was about to ob-
servefcthat th* letter of the Secretary of State, and
the deiumeat which it communicated to the House,
suggested a£ important question relative to the
functions oí the Executive, which had been dis-
cussed largely during the last fortnight The ques-
tion wA, Whether, by the Conihtutton of the Uni-
ted Stares.Ihe President was prombited from giv-
ing his reasons for signing a bill after it had been
passed by4|the two Houses of Congress. He did
not know that the Constitution expressly gave the
right to the members of this House to explain their
reasons for voting for or against a bill; he did not
know that it was a grievance to be complained of if
they were not permitted to make a speech ; but he
did know that there was nothing more common
than complaints of bemg debarred the privilege of
debate, and of being silenced by the gag-rnle. He
ditafit know but that it was just as important to
iheFresraent of the United Slates that his reasons
for approving a particular measure should be com-
municated to the public and to posterity, as to
members of Congress, that their reasons should be
given to the world and to posterity. There was a
still more important question, and that was—what
was the nature of the function performed by the
President of the United States when he signs abill?
When the President affixed his signature to a bill,
was that an executive act 1 There was a point
m the history of a bill where the legislative
nature of the operation ceased, and the ex-
ecutive operation began. Suppose, for instance,
it should be an appropriation bill ; he did
net suppose that the signature to that bill
would be an executive act The execution of
the act commenced after it became a law; there-
fore the signature must be a legislature act, be-
cause it was an act performed in the process of
converting a bill into a law He held that all the
process on a bill, from its inception to its consum-
mation, was a legislative act. He came to this
conclusion the more readily, because this act was
provided for in that article of the Constitution pre-
scribing the process of converting a bill into a law.
He did not find it referred to w that part of the
Constitution defining the power of the Executive.
So that u would seem that the Constitution itself
considered it a legislative act. The argument that
the Constitution provided that all legislative power
shall be vested in a Congress, to consist of a Senate
and House of Representatives, not naming the
President, d'd not, in his opinion, apply; because
there was another part of the Constitution declar-
ing that all the executive power shall be vested m
a President, and yet there were executive as well
as judicial powers granted both to the Senate and
House of Representatives.
Mi C. then referred to the confirmation by the
Senate of Executive nominations, impeachments
bi the House, and ¡rial of impeachments by the
Senate, trial and judgment on questions of elec-
tions, and trials of members for breach of pnvi-
'ege, &c, al! of which were certainly not legisla-
tive, but executive and judicial functions. If,
then, the two Houses of Congress exercised func-
tions othsr than legislative, there was nothing ex-
traordinary that the Constitution should give a
1 'gislative function in this particular to the Execu-
tive.   But whether extraordinary or not, u was the
