CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HW
He had made out a table for the purpose ot
showing the number of persons employed in the
several avocations of life; m the different S'ates—
in mining, agriculture, commerce, manufactures,
and the mechanic art , the amount of capital em-
ployed, the amount produced m the several States,
the annual exports of the various products of in
dustry, under different head-*, with the annual im-
ports and the amount of duties collected He had
also a tabular statement, wh'eh was presented some
days since by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Snyder,] to which he would take the liberty
to make an addition, showing Us applicability to
the mountain regions oí Georgia He would also
take a view of the embarrassed condition of the
country, and a*k why this Whig Congress, profess-
ing economy, retrenchment, and reform, should
have increased the burdens on the people at a time
like this
There were but two parties in (he country He
Should give their arrangement, with the views and
Interests represented by each The one party was
ever for trenching upon the Constitution, and the
other for preserving, entire, its provisions The
first and foremost measure that separated parlies
was the bank, and recently the distribution of the
land fund As adjunct to these measures, should
they be carried out, a public debt would be indis-
pensable He commented upon the dilemma in
which those gentlemen, and particularly some of
his colleagues, were placd—who, though opposed
to a protective tariff and dis nbution, were still
m favor ot Mi Clay as President The several
measures would go hand in hand, and Mr. Clay's
election would be the signal for the adoption of
them all
He referred to the movement made by the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Johnson] for an as-
sumption of the State debts This was in advance
of his partv, but not more *o than the movements
made a year or two since, in favor of a bank, by
some of the Whig party, whilst others asserted that
the bank question was not a test of parties He
spoke of the manner of taking bills out of the Com-
mittee of the Whole, the various party decisions of
the Chair, and the one hour rule He replied to
the remarks of the gentleman from Boston [Mr
Appleton] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr J R INGB.BSOLL,] whi  «poke in favor of the
protective tariff, and wondered why the South was
so much opposed to it. Mr C. spoke up to the
expiration of his hour, after which—
Mr WASHINGTON got the floor, and ad
dressed the committee m favor of an increased
tariff and the distribution of ihe proceeds of the
public lands He contended that the land mnd in
the treasury was as but a drop in the bucke1, and
its distribution was called for by the fact that
many of the States had made provision for its re-
ception, and could not well do without it In addition
to this, he wished the lands distributed, because a
bone of contention w"uld tnereby be removed
from the grasp of aspiring politicians. The treas-
ury was empty, and mus' be replenished Be-
lieving that the framers of the Constitution did not
contemplate any other mode of rawing revenue,
and that exivses and direct taxation were imprac-
ticable, he should advocate such a tariff as would
meet all the wants of the Government economically
adminv'ered.
The people, he said, n ver would submit to ex-
cise dutie--, and, therefore, this Government could
only rely on duties from import*, which was cer-
tainly the mo t cVa.i convenient, and feasible
mode of ra sir<; revenue I' was also a system
which operated on volaitiry consumption, and
therefore h" approved it But th Jgh he had nev-
er rega-di-d th comn"omiio act as a snpp'e^iental
constituí o-, ,et, forded s^ it v as on mut Jal for-
bearance a i 1 adesr- to res ore t anquillHy, Us
provision  n t not tn he disturb d fo lig*-'
c?tws H-, no we r, 'in nt r s c it r> shou'd
not be depende it t" h* s fo" tho   thngs whwi
v ere of rece >arv and ( rdt O c írsu-nptim, «or
she Rid this com ry <- v., to foreigners the pi.es
siop of our o-to nark", by e'clJd.ng domestic
manufaem'e , and thereby g ve to the foreigner
power to chille wha1 he might th nk proper—
even more th. n would be charged by the domestic
manufacturer if the foreigner were excluded. The
question before the committee, he said, was one of
revenue , and they were relieved from any discus-
sion of the protective policy until gentlemen could
show tha> the bills under discussion raised too
much revenue
Mr BARNARD said it could not be doubted that,
having a Government to support, it was their duty
to raise the necessary revenue for its support. The
mode in which it was to be raised might be a mat-
ter of disputation, and yet he thought it did not ap-
pear, from anything which had transpired in this
debate, or from anything in the history of this Gov-
ernment, that it was seriously contemplated by any
person, except as a mailer of abstraction and the-
ory, that th s Government was to be maintained in
time of peace by any other means than by duties
on imports It was true, many persons, at the pres-
ent day,were insisting on carrying back into the treas-
ury the avails of the public lands, which, by an act
of the last session of Congress, were diverted into
another channel, but tha amount would not re-
lieve them from the difficulty in whieff they were
placed, for no mdividas. 30uld show that, without
a deviation frorr the principles of the compromise
act, and an increase * the duties above 20 per
cent, sufficient revenue could be raised. Por
each of the next three years, the Government would
require twenty-seven and a half millions of dollars
net, which must be made out of seventy-one mil-
lions of imports, and this would be given by 39 per
cent The gioss imports, however, to raise that
amount, would require one hundred and seven mil-
lion- on which a horizontal tariff of 28 per cent,
would give them the required amount. But there
were certain free árpeles which no one would un-
dertake to tax, ^.nd, by taking out those free arti-
cles, ninety four millions of imports would remain,
which wou'd give the necssary amount at 30 per
cent But th  anion't foi íe exportation and draw-
backs rru^t sti 1 be deduc ed, and a so the cost cf
collection, and, therefore, on seventy one millions
of imports, musí twenty-seven and a half millions
be raised for the necessary wants of the Govern
nient A horizontal tariff on the seventy-one mil-
lions, too, would lead to the exclusion ot some ar-
ticle , or wonld operate ps a bounty on smuggling
It was, the-uore, evident, that, for the necessities
oi the Government, they muft exceed twenty per
cent, and thereby violate the principles cf 'he
compromise act, and they must discriminate; and,
he contended, that ?«di crimination was inevitable,
it should be re«o íed lo for the purpose of fostering
our o5n minima ¡ur s and products By an elabo-
rate statement, he showed that this protection of
particular interests was not injurious to other in-
terests of UV country, and that articles of luxury
were now enjoyed at a cheaper rate with protec
tion, than they would be furnished without it.
Mr. J. THOMSON MASON obtained the floor
at half-past 4 o'clock, but he gave way tempora-
rily to
Mr TILLINGHAST, who moved that the
revenue bill be laid aside for the day, and that the
House take up the Senate b 11 to provide for pub-
lishing the account of the exploring expedition, &c
Mr. WISE sa d if the revenue bill was to be
laid aside, there wis a much more important b 11
than the one roe-i loned by the gntlcman from
Rhode I land, which he would ¡rove to tske up—
he all jded to tl e navy i ill   [Cries of ' Oh, no ' ]
Mr CAVE JOHNSON muved that the commit-
t e ns", on «Inch 41 vote! in the pffirma ive and
7Í in the nigan/i, being less ihan a quorum.
Tellers were thi>n called for, and as only 22
voted m the sffirmativ, the Chairman said it was
evident!} io t, srd there was, also, evidently a
qjorum ,)te0cnt
S me irrrgnlpr d'seus^ion ensued, which was
termn ated by the wi hdraval of Mr Tit ling
i isT s irof   p
"ii J T "i-SON sgnn-noved tt at toe com-
an fe n e oi w^ich the vote wp s taken by tellers,
w i o >   io    d   l i' 'here   nas no quorum  present
Th" CHAIRMAN lei his se?t and reported
'h   fact toth" House
Mi BLACK rroved an adjournment
Mr. W. W IRWIN called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr BLACK said, if ihe yeas and nays were to
be taken, he v, ould withdraw his motion
Mr. ARNOLD moved a call of the House;
which was not carried.
The motion to adjourn was then renewed, and
Mr W W IRWIN again called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered. The result was—•
yeas 63, nays 43
The House adjourned at 5 o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 7,1842.
Mr MOREHEAD presented, a memorial from
het heirs of Benjamin R. Milam, praying confirm-
ation of t tie to eleven leagues of land, which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
THE EXCHEQUER BILL
Mr. TALLMADGE said he rose for the purpose
of giving notice that, on Monday next, he would
move to postpone the general orders, for ihe pur-
pose of taking up the bill proposing to modify the
several acts establishing the Treasury Department,
commonly called the " exchequer bill " He gave
this notice then, in the hope that gentlemen would
be prepared to take the bilL up at that time. He
thought it was pertinent to say that the bill had
been postponed for a long time, for no oiher
reason than that there were matters before the Sen-
ate of a more pressing character. At the time the
bill was introduced, the several resolutions of the
late Senator from Kentucky [Mr Clay] were occupy-
ing the attention of the Senate. It was the wish
on the part of all not to interfere with those resolu-
tions. SiBce that time, the loan bill, the apportion-
ment bill, the army and navy bills, and a variety of
other matters, of presoing necessity mid urgency,
have taken up the time of the Senate. He deter-
mined that it was not proper to move in this
bill while those matters, which were «Seemed
of a more immediate end pressing character,
were pending He believed tnat there was now no
measure for the relief of the co mtry, which more
pressingly required the consideration of this body
than the exchequer bill. He would therefore give
notice that, on Monday, he would in go d faith
move to take up this bill and pres, action until an
expression of th? opinion of the Senate was had
upon it
Mr EVANS presented a memoria' from Cam-
den, Maine, praying that no wood-, except dye-
woods, may be admitted free of duty hereafter,
which was orderd to he on the table.
Mr. SIMMONS orrsented the memorial of H.
Russell & Co , and Charles Potter, importers, of
New York city, praying the refunding of certain
duties, which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance
Mr CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
a number of cmzens ot Pennsylvania, ascribing
the present disasters of the country to tn  ncn ful-
filment of contracts, and the want of a proper cur-
rency in which to discharge debts As a remedy,
they pray Congress to crea e i large stock, to be
distributed among the States and Tenitone , and,
as a basis for i s rcinabursen.en , to pie-'ge iw pro-
ceeds of tie public lands referred to she Commit-
tee on Finance
Mr PRESTON presented a m mcnal from a
number of citizens of Sou h Carol ns, praying for
the establishment of a certain mciWute, which,
it was represented, would facility !',(? progress of
the mail beueen the Sou n aid W< le'e^ed to
the Committee on th° P   t Office ar ! to t Roads.
Mr ARCHER, from the Ooiii ¡tee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been releí ed he b .1 for the
reorganization of the Nivj. Depar ment of the
United States, reported the same hack with a sub
s ltme for the b 'I, v h ch ras ord red to be printed
Mr A a's\ fiora the same com-ni t°e, rep ited
a bill o prescr be the nutube f p oiessors of
mathe-nati s in the na"y f !>" Un ird Sta es, and
for ot^er p'l poses, ihe s ^a', an1 or'e^d
n a sec id res'i ¡s
Mr WRIGHT, from ih' Ci ™ ec oi Claims,
to which hai been refenea Ho ' " n er i led "An
act for the relief of Benjam aCRb' t«," re ported
the «ame back wi'ho„t amend* u t
