CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           729
persons of this District,if they were to be sent else-
where for safekeeping. Congress was charged
with the regulation of the municipal affairs of this
District; and it became their duty to make provision
for the insane.
Mr. TAPPAN made some remarks, which were
not distinctly heard by the reporter.
Mr. CALHOUN was opposed to the erection of
an institution of this kind, which would, he be-
lieved, end in a large establishment, and be at-
tendtd with a large expenditure, to be drawn
from the national funds, though it would be m its
character purely local. Those who had the
management of it, would have a direct interest in
extending the establishment from time to time;
and they would have eventually a large institution
to be supported, ana to add a new source of Gov-
ernment patronage.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading
The bill from the House, incorporating the
"National Institution for the Promotion of Sci-
ence," was taken up, as m committee of the whole.
An amendment, to prevent ihe institution from is-
suing bank note , &c , and an amendment, substi-
tuting the word "institute"for "institution," were
adopted    The bill was then reported to the Senate.
Mr. SEVIER moved to strike out the word
"national," for he saw no necessity for reta'ning
the word " national," if the institution was íatend-
ed to be a local one.
Mr. BAYARD said the institution was only in-
tended to be national in name, and not in junsdic
tion. It was only intended to operate in the Dis
tnct of Columbia.
Mr. BAGBYsaid, m relation to the name, <is the
honorable Senator had stated, the parent most cer-
tainly had the right to give it whatever name he
might think proper ; but, call it by what-ver name
they pleased, h* contend-d that they bad no con&H
tutional power to incorporate an institution of this
kind. But, admitting the power, if they went on
erecting corporations in this way, they would
come, at last, to have corporations tor eveiyfhing ;
but be denied that there was any constitutional
power vested in Congress to create a corporation
of a national character.
Mr. CALHOUN concurred with the Senator
from Alabama, that Congress had not the power to
create such a corporation. It was not intended to
be a corporation for the District, as he understood,
but for the nation, and he would be glad if the
chairman of the committee which had reported
this bill would explain by what authority it was
that Congress was justified in creating a national
institute.
Mr. BAYARD replied that, although the insti-
tute bore a national name, it was intended to op-
erate only in the District of Columbia. The name
was a mere matter of taste and fancy , the object
of the corporation was to enable the members of
the institute to preserve and protect the property
intrusted to their care more effectually than shey
otherwise could do. He believed the power of
Congre.s was unquestionable, and as to the m«ti-
tu'e bearing a national name, it was a thing in or-
dinary use in respect to other bodies corporate ,
and, in fact, in this case it was peculiarly appro-
priate, because (though opeiating m this District
alone) the object of the institute was matter of na-
tional importance.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
On motion of Mr \BERRIEN, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill providing far-
ther remedial justice in the district courts oftne
United States                  \
The question pen-ling firtii Friday wa^ on Mr
Preston's amendment, but.Hjefore 'it was cal ed
for—                                     \     {
Mr BERRIEN observed tha"r*4>e was desirous
of making a verbal a neadment 10 the fturth line,
it was after the words-"United States" to insert the
words ' in which a prisoner is confined."
This amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on Mr. Preston's
amendment, which w¿s to sink* out from the bill,
after the words habeas corpus, the following;
"In all cabes of any prisoner 01 prisoners m jail or confine
ment, where he, she, or they shall be commuted or confined,
or in custody, under or by any authority or law, or piocess
founded thereon, of the United States, or of any one of them,
for or on account of any act done, or omitted tobe done, under
or by virtue of the Constitution, or any law or treaty of the
United States, or under color thereuf, or for or on account of
any act done or omitted under any alleged right, authority, title,
privilege, protection, or exemption, set up or claimed under
the same "
Mr. PRESTON observed that it was not his
purpose to debate the matter, but it seemed to
him that the strongest objection to the bill was
based on its tendency to trench upon the rights of
the States. It was supposed thin something was
necessary to be done to relieve the General Gov-
ernment from embarrassments such as that of the
Caroline case. Believing, however, that these i
matters ought to proceed with great tenderness, it
seemed to him that no more ought to be done than
barely to meet difficulties singly as they occur
The judiciary act of 1787 was very carefully de-
vised This bill is intended to amend that act in
two particulars It proposes to add to the enume-
rated cases others by which the district courts shall
have original jurisdiction, and a further extension
of the appellate jurisdiction.
His object was to confine the present bill tocases
exactly similar to the McLeod case, and he would '
not proceed bejond the presence of a pressing evil. I
It was with that view he proposed to strike ont all ,
those cases specified in the portion of the bill he
had moved to strike out, but leaving that part pro-
viding for the case of a foieign citizen imprisoned
in any of the States, and pleading to act under the
authority or sanction of a foreign sovereignty   He
also explained his reasons for having given notice
to move to strike out  the words "law ot nations"
wheiever they occur in the bill, for, by their intro-
duction, it weuld seem as if a greater latitude was
given than ihe constiuction of the statutes of the
United Stales would authorize
Mr. BERRIEN was aware that ths question un-
medialely before the Senate was that of the adop-
tion of the amendment proposed  by the Senator
from South Carolina.   But it was not possible to
speak upon  that, without  going into the general  '
subject    The bill proposes to extend the right of
habeas corpus  in the  several cases therein stated, I
which he enumerated.    The objection is, that the ,
bill violates the sovere gn rights of the State , be-
cause it withdraws from their courts cases pending
in them     But he had sho-vn that these rights had
been yielded in civil cases, and he had also shown,
in a previous argument, that there was nothing, in
principle, different from that concession in crimi-
nal cases.   In support of this position, he recapitu-
lated his own arguments on the introduction of the |
bill,   and   reviewed   the arguments subsequently
brought forward by the Senators from Pennsylva-
nia  and New York,  [Mr.  Bcchahan and Mr
Wrigbt.]   He also alluded to the arguments of
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walkei ]          t
Mr WALKER interposed to explain what he
had contended tt was, that the interposition ot
Congress to transfer cases from the State courts to i
the United States courts, could extend no farther I
than to cases enumerated in the Constitution of the
United State'-, and the first part cf the bill goes no
farther. But the «econd part is based upon the
law of nations and foreign authorities, not speci-
fied in the Constitution.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that he was then only
alluding to the first part of the bill He proceed-
ed with hi), review The principle of this b'U is
not to interfere with the right of trial by jury, be-
cause shdt right belongs to the accused. The
ques'ion really at issue is a collateral one, because
the decisions to be obtained under it will not be |
final, but merely preliminary to trial, and not af-
fecting fie future right of trial by jury as to the
mat er of f?c'
Mr. B., in the course of his remarks, comment- I
ed upon the assumption that the vote on this
bill would be a suict party vole—that is, it would
'se opposed by the member  representing the great j
Democratic par y, and supported by the represent-
atives ot those who are opoosed to that party. He
admitted t'iat ihere were individuals in the Demo-
cratic party ^ho might with consistency vote
against the bill, bat to make opposition to it on t
Dernocialicgtounds, was utterly inconsistent with
the adoption of a law which he would read from
the 8th volume of Debates.
It was an act providing that, if any cause
of prosecution arise in any of the States against
an officer of the United States, for any act
done, or alleged to be done, by him in car-
rying out any provision of the revenue laws,
if shall be lemoved to the district courts of
the United States. This, he contended, was a
greater stretch of federal jurisdiction tban any pro-
posed in this bill He was aware that the Senator
from Pennsylvania was absent from the country
then, and did not participate in it, But it came
under the recommendation of a Democratic Presi-
dent, and was adopted by a Democratic administra-
tion. Since, then, the jurisdiction heretofore used
has been far more offenqve to the dignity and sove-
reignty of the Sta'ea than any thing proposed in this
b'U, he could see no just grounds for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Pkeston ] The parts of the bill proposed to
be stricken out he considered the most important in
the bill. They extended federal protection to for-
eigners temporarily found within our limits and
junsdiction. The power to do this was deducible
from the law of nations, and the character of the
United States asa nation, claiming the rights of the
law of nations, is involved in its discharge of the
obligations imposed upon it by the law of nations.
This he illustrated by various, authorities—such as
Kent, Chief Justice Jay, (2d Dallas's Reports,
419 and 494,) showing that the United States had
taken upon ¡'self th? responsibility of the law of
nations. He argued from this, that the duties of
a nation being imposed upon the United States by
the Constitution, the power to do all acts necessary
to enable the National Government to fulfil those
duties must be coexistent w.th the obligation to
perform the duties of a nation
He referred to the McLeod case, which was at
one time in a position likely to involve this coun-
try in a war wi.h Great Britain, and he argued
that it was contrary to the spirit of the Constitution
to suppose it could not have been intended to sanc-
tion the right of the law of nations necessary to
put it out of the power of a few individuals in one
State of the Union to jeopard the interests, peace,
and happiness or seventeen millions of people com-
posing the whole confederation, but having no
power to control the actions of those individuals,
ox that State.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered. He remarked that he had
himself intended to prepare an amendment, similar
to the first proposed by the Senator from South Ca-
rolina. He hoped that amendment would prevail.
It would leave the law just as it bad been for half
a century, in regard to citizens of the United States,
without any complaint whatever, and would reach
to the case which had originated this bill.
He was opposed to the whole bill, but, if it were
to become a law, he would prefer to limit its opera-
tion according to the am ndment pioposed, and not
leave the courts exposed to that wilderness of cases
—as the Senator from South Carolina had ex-
pressed it—-"Which would arise under the bill as it
now s ands, giving a general jurisdiction, under
the law of nations He would give his vote in fa-
vor of confining the bill to those specific cases
which it was originally intended to meet.
Mr CONRAD conceived the only difference be-
tween the judiciary act and this bill, was the change
from an appellate to an ortg'nal jurisdiction. As
he had never heard of any complaint from a citi-
zen of the U lite) S ates ?s to tha operation of the
¡aw here* jfcre in ex s'eace, he womd vote for the
amendment
Mr WALKER called t',e a tention of the Sen-
ate to the difference between ths first and the s>ec-
nd pans of the bill The one provides for all
ca-es aris rg uad r the Constitution, laws, and
treat es oí the Um'ed States, but the second part
provides for cas<*s not arising under the Constitu-
tion, laws, and treaties of the United S ates, but
under the authont}, commission, or sanction of a
tore gn pnwer, or the law of nat ons Indeed, the
Senator from Georgia [Mr Berrien] frankly ad-
mitted that he found no specific power iu the Con=t -
