CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            731
conviction thereof, shall be liable to a fine or imprisonment, or
both, the fine not to exceed five thousand dollars, or the impns
ontneRt two years ]
And the pending question was on the amendment
of Mr. Saltowstall.
Mr. J. THOMSON MASON, who was enti-
tled to the floor, occupied nearly an hour with an
able speech in opposition to a high protective
tariff.
Mr. WM COST JOHNSON, after a few pre-
liminary remark , said thai he should take this op-
portunity to apprize ihe committee that, at the first
moment allowed him, he should offer a resolution
calling for a select committee for ihe purpose of
taking into consideration the piesent interests of
the eountry, and to report a bill providing for giv-
ing relief both to the General and State Govern-
ments. If the House should grant him that com-
railtee, he should not offer any amendment to the
bill under consideration; but, if it should refuse to
do so, he should bring forward his proposition in
the most formal and d stinct manner, as an amend-
ment to the bill, before it was disposed of. He
would say to gentlemen of every party here, that
all efforts would be vain and fruitless to keep this
question from bold and free inquiry. To attempt
to hide it, and exclude it from the public gaz«  and
public consideration, wou'd be vain and nugatory.
They might as well attempt to stifle Ihe hoarse
voice of Boreas, or bid ihe mighty Mississippi
cease to flow on, as it woa'd forever. He regard-
ed the question as one broader and deeuer than
any one of those which d'vided the different par-
ties of the country. If geniltmen were anxious, at
this early period, to record their names against it, ,
he was as anxious to give them the opportunity.
Mr. J , m Ihe course of his rerraiks, gave an
outline of the plan he intended to p¡opose, viz
that Government stocks ahou'd be issued, bearing
a particular interest; and that these stocks should
be given to the States (as we'l to those indebted as
to those out of debt) to an amount not, perhaps,
sufficient to give them ample relief, but sufficien',
with the aid of their own resources, to enable them
to meet their engagements, and re-establish their
credit.
The States not indebted would have the mteiest
of the stocks given them, as also the principa!,
when finally redeemed, to apply to such objects as
they deemed mo3t for their advantage; so that both
the indebted and non mdeb ed States would be put
on a foo'ing of perfect equality the public lands
to be pledged for the redemption of the principal
and interest of the stocls so issued.
As a further part of his plan, Mr. J. would pro-
pose a tariff laid lor ih¿ purpose of giving ade-
quate prelection to domestic manufactures. He
thought that a calm and deliberate examination
would be sufficient to inuuoe any statesman lo be-
lieve that his plan was at once simple, and, in its
consequences, benign and salutary. He would not
discuss it, but would s y, in advance, that the ques-
tion of constitutionality would hardly be raise' bv
any party. Mr. J said i'iat h.s plan, so far from
being a novel one, had ins benefit of several pre
cedents in the history of the Government to rec-
ommend !'• and he then referred *o the assumption
by the Federal Government of the revoluti maiy
debts of the Sta es; and lo Ihe treaties of 1783 a id
1794, in which provision was made for enabling
individual oredi'ors n England to recover debts
from individuals 11 this countiv. He also referred
te the assumption by Congress, a few jear' ago, of
the Holland debt due by the corporate «ties of the
District of Columbia. Mr J. then continued his
argument in favor of his plan of as umption up
to the expiration of his hour.
Mr GAMBLE then got the fleer. He regretted
that party politics had been irtroduced tn'o the dt—
cussion of a preat qu°*'ion lik  this It appeared
to him that gentlemen came here as d'p'omatists
from the different ¡.criiom cf the Unior, (o see who
could get the most He tho"ght gentlemen sioutd
consider it With patriotic motives, determined to
impose a tax for the benefit of the Government, and
at the same time the general welfare, w tbout pe-
culiar privileges to any section. He therefore re-
gretted that any thing had occurred to disturb that
harmony which ought to have prevailed, and espe-
cially that such disturbance ¡-hould have come from
bis own State. He had heard with regret the re-
marks of his colleague [Mr. Cooper] on yesterday.
He had hoped that, however any oí his colleagues
differed on any other subjects, they would be
united on that of a protective tariff, and would
not introduce party conflicts in the halls of legisla-
tion. These party conflic's should be settled at
home, and his colleague, he thought, had been ra-
ther gratuitous in reading him a home lecture upon
the course which he ougtu to pursue.
The genti-man [Mr Cooper] well knew that he
was elected by the opponents ot Mr. Van Bnren,
but had since deserted. Tne assertion that he (Mr.
G.) had preiched one doctrine at home, and prac-
tised another here, was entirely unfounded. What
were the princples on which his colleague now
acted, and which party did he belong to? Mr. G.
proceeded to answer this question, and define the
position of his colleague, who, he said, had once
opposed Mr. Van Buren, and then supported him,
wi h all the sins on his head, and with the same
objections for which his colleague formerly de-
nounced him. He reviewed the administration of
Mr. Van Buren and us measures—the Hooe case,
standing army, public expenditures, abuses in the
departments, &e—for the purpose of fixing the
charge cf írcou-istency on his colleague, for
commg to the support of such an administration
Having traced the connexion of his colleague
with Mr. Van Buren, he then proceeded to Jiow
thai his colleague had recently formed a coalition
with Mi Tjler
Mr. M. A COOPER denied that his colleague
had any authonty for charging a coalition between
himselt and the Tjler party. He supported Mr
Tyler when he was right, but belongea only to the
Democratic party.
Here Mr. WISE requested the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Gamble] to define wh-it he meant by
the Democratic pirty. He (Mr. W) had always
professed himselr to be a Democrat.
Mi. GAMBLE proceeded, and remarked that
an overture had lately been made by the Tyler
party in Philadelphia to the Democratic party,
which was rejected.
Mr. PROFFiT was understood to deny the
fact.
Mr GAMBLE then read a toast tendered by a
committee from the Tj ler dinner party, on the 4th,
to the Demociatic dinner party on (he same day,
complimenting the Demo-nuc party as inends, to
which sentiment Colonel Page, in behalf of ihe
Democrats, replied that they would support the
President when ne was rig! t, but, as a party, their
course was independent and onward, and they
sought entangling alliances with no one. This
answer was worthy of the Democratic parly, and
he hoped they would stick to it.
He then went into a bis'ory of the compromise
act, and the course cf Mr Tyler on the tariff,
contending tint the Presid ntcoull not be claimed
as an af'j tariff man He eulo^zed 'hi course
of Henry Clay in 1833, and pri"r to h's leaving
the & nate, vr^n he ntroduct h s re renehmeiu
resolutions TneWmgs, ne conteided,'iad come
into power just at the time *hcn the extravagance
of the preceding Administration had brought the
connlry m debt It now became their dutv to put
the r shoulders to ue wheel,and imprse «uch atas
as \«ould revive its resources For doing this, he
knew they would be abused and denounce!, but
th™ should heed it not He concluded with an
argument acan st the protective system, which he
mam aired should not be encour.ged, although a
rev< nuc tariff was necessary He or ered ii-to
some s'aten-en's íosnos/t^at tie n anufactuicrs
were prosperous, and could afford to raj h gh
wr«e'—much holier tnan could be ^3id by ths
cot* jn growers ot the So th
W PAYr>"E srter -orne obsérvales ("¡i the
impor'ance of the -uoject und r d s"us« en, said
that the matmfac'unrig in eresis abne appeared to
have been 'oolced to, to the neglect of all o hers
At the extra session, the necessity for a high tariff
appeared to be the object, and new another propo-
sition for the assumption of the Slate debts was
designed to add grea'ly to that necessity, and enor-
mous duties would consequently be required. The
object evidently was to establish a protective tariff,
for the sake of protection. By an adroit legisla-
tive movement, the bill of the Comm.ttee of Ways
and Means was made to take precedence of the bill
of the Committee on Manufactures, (the protective
committee being made secondary to that whose duty
more immed ately was the production of revenue,)
lo obvia'e a difficulty which gentlemen might an-
ticipate, but the difference in the bills was so im-
material, that he should confine his remarks to the
bill designed for protection. This bill, tnen, on a
large portion cf article?, imposed a duty of 100
per cent, and he should be glad to know the object
of this. It could not be revenue, for it would re-
sult in exclusion, and constitute a monopoly to the
manufacturer. He had prepared a table on that
subject, to which he would call the attention of the
committee.   It was as follows-
A imports goods worth            - $100 00
Duty to Government, at 100 per
cent.             -           -           -   100 00
Caslom-house cost of said goods    200 00
Profit   of  importing  merchant
upon  said goods, at 20 per
cent.             -           -           -     40 00
B, the retail merchant, pays for
s? id goods    -           -           -   240 00
Profit ot B, at 50 per cent.       -    120 00
------------ $360 00
The followng woul 1 be the cost of said
goods exclusive of duty >
A nports goods amounting to   §100 00
Profit of A, at 20 per cent.       -     20 00
B, the retail merchant, pays for
said goods   -           -           -   120 00
Profit of B, ft 50 per cent.       -     60 00
Costtotheccnsumerofsaidgoods                 180 00
Difference of cost in favor of the con-
sumer..... #18000
Now, regarding this as a tax, it was tremendous,
and it showed that the object was exclusively to be
protection.
But he proposed to examine another article, to
show that the same object was kept in view.   He
alluded to the article ot iron.
A imports iron, amounting to    - §100 00
Duty paid by A on said iron     -     48 00
148 00
Profit of A upon the above sum,
at 20 per cem           -            -     29 60
B, the retal me>chant pays for
said iron this «urn      -            - 177 60
Profit of B upon the above sum,
at 50 per rcnl.          -           -     88 80
Paid by the consumer of the above iron - $266 40
The following would be  the cost of
said iron to the consumer, when no duty
or tax is imposed by th s Government-
A imports iron, amounting to    - $100 00
Profit of A, the importing mer-
caant, at 20 per cen'             -     20 00
B, the retail merchant, pays for
said ,ron        -           -           - 120 00
ProPt of B, t ie reta 1 mei chant,
t.poa ne cos' of the above
iron, a 50 per cent   -           -     60 00
Cost to the consumer, exclusive of auty    - 180 00
Difference in   cos* in tne consumer  cf
§100 oi iron, exclusive of djt>            •     86 40
Here, aKo, was  an enormous tax  on   the con-
sumer.   But there was the article of -alt
