732
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A imports salt amounting to   - #100 00
Duty paid to Government              «.•««
125 00
295 00
45 08
270 00
135 00
Custom-house cost of said salt,
Profit of importer, at 20 per ct.
B, the retail merchant, pays for
said salt       ...
Profit of B, at 50 per cent.
Cost to the consumer   -           -               $405 00
Cost of said salt, exclusive of duty:
A imports salt amounting to    - $100 00
Profit of A, at 20 per cent.      -     20 00
B, the retail merchant, pays for
said salt       -           -           -   120 00
Profit of B, at 50 per cent.      -     60 00
Cost to the consumer, exclusive
of duty       ...                  180 00
Difference of cost to consumer exclusive
of duty—less             -          -           - $225 00
This, likewise, was a tremendous tax on the
consumer, and, h« understood, without being of
great benefit to the treasury.
He alluded to this tax in its operation in the
curing of hogs and ihe production of bacon, as
well as in several domestic uses, and then proceed-
ed to the feature of the bill which might be regard-
ed as its revenue feature, by which the 30 per cnt.
taxes were imposed; and here he referred to a ta-
ble to show the operation on the consumer of the
30 per cent duties.
A imports goods amounting to - $100 00
Duty imposed by Government
on iaid goods            -                 30 00
Warenouse cost of said goods -   130 00
Profits of A upon   warehouse
cost of said goods, at 20 per
cent.            -           -          -    26 00
Paid by B, the retail merchant,
for said goods            -          -   156 00
Profit of B upon said goods, at
50 per cent. -           -          -     78 00
Cost to the consumer  under a duty  of
30 per cent    -
The estimated cost of the same goods
to the consume!, v 'ie¡ no duty  was im-
posed by Goven mem, > onld be—
A imports goo Is amonntmg to - $100 00
Profit of A, at 20 pet cnt.       -     20 00
B, the retail merchant, pays for
said goods   -           -           -   120 00
Profit of B, at 50 per cent.       .     60 08
$234 00
Cost to the consumer, exclusive of  the
duty            -           -           .              -   180 00
Difference of cost to the consumer, exclu-
sive of duty -          -           -          . §54 oo
Over one half less the goods rost, exclusive of a
duty oí 30 per cent, than they do when said duty
is imposed. This is a tremendous tax—such as
no people under heaven ought to pay m peace;
in war, it is a different question, for the Govern-
ment must thm be defended at any cost, no matter
how great.
This was a question between the consumer and
the manufacturer. He had not taken an opportu
nity of examining the amount of articles consumed
in ibe difieiene Slates ot this Union, but there
were some facts with which he would trouble the
committee He would lake his own Staie as an
example, for he cou d 'peak freely of her The
imports of Ahbatnü migh' be taken at $ 18 000 000
per ann in, and he'ieired htr imponatu ns ex-
ceeded her exports, heoau'-e tue balance ot trad?
was always again t her, as was proved by the
fact that exchange was always ¡>gain*f he? But
assuming that the imports were as much only as the
exports, under the 30 per cent, dunes, Alabama
would lose, as a consumer, $9 720,000—and this
ynder revenue duties.    Bat if he took the whole
southern portion of the Union, what were i he ef-
fects? The whole South exported 2,000,000 bales
of cotton, worth $30 per bale, making a total of
$60 000,000 He apprehended the balance of
trade was against the Seuth; but assuming it to be
equal, what was the loss to the consumer? The
fross upon the consumption of the imports would be
$32,400,000, and yet gentlemen told them they
must protect the manufacturing establishments of
the country, or the country itself would be injured.
But what was the amount of consumption of the
cotton of the South in the manufacturing estab-
lishments existing in this country, which it was so
important to the people to protect? Why, accord-
ing to a memorial found in the report of the chair-
man of the Committee on Manufactures, 300,000
bales of cotton were manufactured at home, which,
at $30 per bale, amounted to $9,000,000, which
deducted from $32,400,000, the loss on the con-
sumption of Southern imports left a losa still of
$13 400,000 Now it must be evident that it
would be better for the South to present the cotton
to the home manufacturing establishments, if, in
return, they could have secured to them free trade.
He was satisfied the South wou'd consent when she
comprehended the enormity of the system
He then replied to the oft-repeated observation,
that unless the Sonthern cotton growers took care,
the East India cotton would monopolize the mar-
ket; and remarked, that, wuh an approximation
even to a system of free trade, they had nothing
to lear from either the East Indies or elsewhere
He then proposed to look at the subject in refer-
ence to another section of ihis Union—Kentucky,
of whose agricultural products one of her distin-
guished members had kindly given him a state-
ment. From that statement, it appeared that the
estimated value ot her agricultural products for the
year 1841 was $79,505,151. It would be difficult
for him to ascertain what amount of these were
consumed, without being exchanged for dutiable
articles; but he should apprehend that one-fourth,
at least, were exchanged—leaving three-fourths for
consumption by those who produced them. Ta-
kipg that, then, as the basii of his calculation, the
amount ¡eft to be exchanged for dutiable articles
would be $19,876,288, and the loss to Kentucky,
(the balance of trade being afamst her,) upon that
sum, at 30 percent duty, would be $11,133,195
Thai was 'he duty which she paid for this protec-
tion But there was a drawback, certainly, for the
received protection, in return, for some of her ar-
ticles—<ake her hemp, for instance. The value
of hemp produced m Kentucky amounted to
$1,147,510; foi the sake of protection to which, she
submitted to lose annually $11,133,195 But
these were not all the evidences of her loss which
exist. There was her live-stock interest, which
amounted to the value of $58 050,995, which found
a market m the South, but more particularly m the
region of the valley of the Mississippi, and not
in the region to protect whose interest she paid
$11,133 195 Was it not strange, then, that Ken-
tucky should agree to the suicidal poLcy, not only
of taxing her own people, but of taxing tnose to
whom she sells, and thereby diminishing the-ir
means, for the puipose of fostering those from
whom she buys?
The honorable gentleman then took a broad
and comprehensive view of the effect of the pro-
posed system on every part of the Union. He
showed its effect on the farmeis of the manu^ac-
tunng State , and upon the manufacturers them-
selves, by the lo^s of the Southern market, and
t'ie bu ding up of c-iumer mttrest*, and was pro-
ceeding wi'h a powerful and convincing argument,
when the fall ng o the Cr.airnian'a n are an-
cuunced the exoirs ion of t ie t nie w >i<"b, the rule
allowrd t" him
Mi- EVERETT aJ^ies^ei' the conmuiee at
great length m rapport of a protect ve ta ff, but
h" was too imppr ^&ly heard by the repor'ci to be
reported correctly.
Mr W. W IRWIN are d «ah tb.gen'lemin
from Ver.nont, [Mr Evehett,] h?t, how ver this
quisnon misfit be decided, it siauld be permanent-
ly settled He believed that most rf the emfar-
rassiient of the country had rf nulled from the flue
tuation which had existed m its revenue for some
years past He hoped the question would be set-
tled, and there would jot hereafter be gradations,
as during the operation of the compromise act.
He argued against ihe expediency and practicabili-
ty of excises and direct taxes. Had a proper sys-
tem of impost duties been carried out during the last
ten years, and the expenditures of the Government
met without the issue of treasury-notes, he believed
that the present embarrassing posture of affairs
would not exist.
He referred to the state of feeling on the subject
of the tariff in his own district, and stated the con-
tents of a memorial which he had received. That
memorial (he said) was adopted by a meet'Dg at
which men of all parties attended, and the most
prominent personages of the Democratic party
were conspicuous. It took strong ground in favor
of protecting American industry against the labor
of the half starved paupers of Europe. Mr. I.
stated that ihe manufacturers of Pennsylvania were
subjected to the harsh enactments of England prior
to the American Revolution. No sooner was the
war over, than the State, before she surrendered
the power of laying imposts, spread upon her
statute-books enactments for the protection and
encouragement of her manufactures.
He replied to the argument of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr Kennedy] against the manu-
facturing system, and the vice prevailing among a
manufacturing community. He contended that
the manufacturing towns were patterns of morali-
ty, peculiarly freed from crime, abounding in
churches literary institutions, and academies.
Mr. I. closed his remarks with an argument to
prove that an increase of the duties on imports
would not cause an increase in the price of the ar-
ticles on which such duties were imposed.
After Mr I had concluded,
Mr. BLACK obtained the floor, and moved that
the committee rise.
The CHAIR suggested that the gentleman
should go on this evening, as so many gentlemen
desired to address the Chair
Mr. BLACK then intimated his intention to pro-
ceed, and ipoke during his hour, mostly m reply to
the remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Gamble ] Mr.
B. said he would take occas'on to write out his re-
marks
Mr. M BROWN then obtained the floor, and
commenced a speech of an hour, amidst numerous
cries of "rise," "adjourn"—55 members being
present. He addressed the committee in opposition
to the measures of President Tyler, and in favor
of an increase of the duties on imports, as well as
a disinbution of the land fund.
After he had concluded,
Mr GWIN obtained the floor; and, on his mo-
tion, the committee rose, and reported progress.
A number of bills from the Senate were read
twice, and referred.
A bill for the relief of Alexander Hamilton: re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreigu Affairs,
A bill to refund to the State of Massachusetts
certain sums disbursed by that State during the late
war with Great Britain referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs
A bill for the relief of certain citizens in Lafayette
county, Arkansas: referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
A bill for the relief of Isabella Hill and others:
referred to the Committee on Publ'c Lands.
A bill to amend the act entitled An act to pro-
vide for the pa>ment of hcrses and other property
destroyed in the F.orida war. referred to the Com-
mctee on Military Affairs, (after an ineffectual
effort on the part of Mr Chapman to have it acted
on immediately )
A bill for the relief of a certain company of the
Michigan militia, referred to the Committee on
Mili'ary Affairs.
A bill for ihe Hief of the legal repie^entatives
of John Sco't referred to the Oomm-ttee on Indian
Affairs
A resolu ion for the relief cf Ferdinand Peitnch:
referred to the Library Committee
f* A bill to define and estabh h  the fiscal year of
the treasury of the United S ates- referred to the
Committee of Ways and Meaas,
A bill ¡o authorize the commissioners on the part
