CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
?33
of the States of Indiana and Illinois to select a cer-
tain quantity of land in lieu of other land hereto-
fore granted for the location of the Wabash and
Erie canal: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
A bill to authorize a settlement of the accounts
of Joseph Nourse: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary
A bill for the relief of Elisha Person • referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
A bill to authorize the commissioners of Linn
County, Iowa, to enter, by legal division, one
quarter section of land on which the county seat is
located: referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
A bill for the relief of Zachanah Jellison : re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
A bill for the relief of W. R. Davis : referred
to the Committee of Claims.
A bill to provide for the settlement of ceriam ac-
counts for the support of government in Wiscon-
sin Territory, and for other purposes : referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a num-
ber of communications from the executive depart-
ments of the Government, viz.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmuting the annual statement of the
amount paid to counsel for assisting the district at-
torneys of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee •• Public Expenditures
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting copies of Ihe circulars recently
issued to the custom house officers, prescribing the
mode in which duties should be collected on im-
ports: referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
in answer to a resolution of May 26, requesting
copies of all correspondence between the Depart-
ment and the commanding officer in Florida: re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitting, in accordance with the 22J sec-
tion of the act of 1836, reorganizing the depart-
ment, a list of all fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of mail contractors during the
past year: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The SPEAKER also presented a memorial from
the claimants generally, asking the attention of
Congress to their demands: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. RIGGS, the House adjourned
at * past 6 o'clock, after a session of eight hours
and a quarter.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 8, 1842.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That the petition ana papers of Hiiam Lewis be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Claims
THE REVENUE AND HOME VALUATION.
Mr PHELPS remarked that, a few days since,
the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Wood-
bort] asked leave to introduce two several bills
m r%lation to the revenue and the home valuation
As it was on his (Mr Phelps's) motion that the
motion for leave was laid on the table, at ihe sug-
gestion of ihe Senator from New Hampshire he
■would now move the Senate to take up the motion
for consideration.                       \
The motion was agreed to, and the titles/of the
bills were read as follows:            |
"A bill to extend for a limited lime the laws for
laying and collecting duties on imports," afid
"A bill to provide for a sjstemiof home valua-
tion on goods imported into the Ur^ted Sates "
Mr LINN demanded the yeas and nai/s on the
motion lor leave; which were ordered,   f
Mr. WOODBURY would merely ásy that, if
these bills are not admittid, llmust be because
they are to impose duties where\none now exist.
The country will then undet tand\hat, if .rejected,
it is on that ground they cannot drigiD#te in ihe
Senate, and, m the opinion of the majority in this
body, no duties whatever now legally^xist—that
fee treasury is without any lawful revenue what-
ever; and the manufacturers wnhout any, even in-
cidental p-oteclion It is high time that Ihe coun-
try should know this, if it be so. Thus you throw
the responsibility on those who have it in their
power m the oiher House—where such bills should
properly originate—of ctratinumg to leave the
country in this condition, so anomalous and de-
plorable.
Mr. PHELPS was not disposed to detain the
Senate in the discussion of the question whether
we have any laws by which revenue may be col-
lected, nor of the question whether the Senate can
properly entertain the bills. His own opinion
was, that one of these bills could not be originated
in the Senate However, he thought the most ex-
pedient ceurse was to grant leave, and refer those
bills to the appropriate committee. That commit-
tee would then have ihe subject before them They
would examine the question whether we have any
laws by which to collect revenue. It will be also
competent for die committee to examine these bills,
and see if they were admissible under the Consti-
tution As the whole matter was involved ¡n
doubt, he believed the proper course would be to
receive the bills, and refer them to the proper com-
mittee. With these views, he would vote for the
reception of the bills, and for their reference.
Mr CRITTENDEN said he would feel con-
strained to vote against the introduction of these
bills. He would do so simply on the ground that
the Senate was inhibited, by the provisions of the
Constitution, from originating such bills , for the
Constitution expressly says that all bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the House of Represent-
atives. He was obliged, therefore, though reluc-
tantly, to vote against their introduc'ion.
Mr. BAYARD would beg leave to say, in re-
gard to those bills, that he felt himself constrained,
by ihe same reasons which influenced the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] to vote against
the introduction of them The only question
was, whether these were revenue bills or not.
That question snould be decided by the bills them
selves They could not try that question by ex-
traneous, circumstances. The Constitution pro
hibits the originating of revenue bills here, and
they could not look to the collateral matter, but
must take the bill as it appeared oa its face. On
its face it purported to be a revenue bill There
wai no other tpst than the bill itself The pur-
poses and object, as on the face of one of the bills,
nobody could deny. It was to raise revenue. He
felt inclined to vote against that bill, at all events.
If the other was merely a bill to regulate revenue,
it was, perhaps, admissible tinder the rule.
Mr MERRICK said it was either a bill to raise
revenue, or it was nothing. If the law providing
for the collection of revenue expired on the 30 h
June, (as  a! believed by many,) then this bill
would revive ano. extend such laws, and to that ex-
tent went to raise ¡evénue, and to all ínfr-nts and
purposes was a revenue bill, and was not admissi
ble by the Consti ution. He was opposed to the
admtssim of either ot tne bilk
Mr. WOODBURY saill, if the Senator fro-n
Maryland had been here w^ien the bills were first
presented, he would have learned that the propo
smoa was not made with a vi«w to ra' e <-eveiue
or lmpo^e new duties It was to apply the ma-
chinery of a pre-existing law (that of 1832) to 'he
collection of revenu"—ihe mode oí racing which
is wuh many in doubt Were it a new law to
raise, ratner than collect revenue, the introduction
of it in the Senate might be out of older. But il
merely extends the mode ot appraising and col
lecting duties under ihe act of July, 1832, and not
the amount of duties imposed by that act It fur
m«hes ths means for obtaining ihe duties, but do ?
not ra.se the dutiL" ihcmsclvc^ ibey are raised the
other laws. It piovi^es a remedy rather than by
right.
Mr. PRESTON considered the ca e should be
veiy urgent that would warrant the adoptun of
such a doubt'ul assumption of right to originate
legislation He wished to kiow whether, if leave
was not granted, it would be considered that the
l Sehate would be precluded from the future mtio-
joetion ot such measures, and whether, if ihsy
were admitted, the Senate would have the right sub-
sequently to rule them out of order.
The CHAIR explained his understanding of the
rule, but was not distinctly heard m the gallery.
Mr. KING stated his opinion—tbat, if the bills
were admitted, it was perfectly competent for the
Senate to reverse its action, by indefinitely post-
poning them, at a subsequent stage of the proceed-
ings, if it was found that the Senate had trans-
cended its constitutional rights by their admission.
Mr. HUNTINGTON thought, whether there
was any doubt or not as to the existence of law to
authorize ihe collection of revenue, these were, in
effect, nothing but revenue bills, such as could
originate in the House of Representatives only.
Mr. WOODBURY understood that tne law of
1832 was still in force, in regard to appraising
and collecting. The Senator from Connecticut
thinks not. It was to remove this doubt, among
o'her things, that he had proposed this declaratory
legislation He showed that ihe principle of as-
certaining the value of imported goods at the port
of entry, or ahorne valuation, was not new in our
revenue system. The rule of collecting duties,
according to Ihe act of 1832, can be applied to
the value at the port of entry, as require^ by the
compromise act. His object was to remove all
doubts of the propriety of keeping this machinery
of the act of 1832 in force, til! Congress passes
some law fixing a permanent system.
Thus, from tho founda'ion of the Governme&t,
ad valorem duties had generally been imposed—not
on the naked foreign value, but on that, iaereased
by 10 percent or 20, as imported from this side, or
beyond, the Cape of Good Hope. This was an
approximation near to the reai home value It
was not exact, but as near ard ea uniform as can
usually be attained in such rases. But the manu-
facturers, dissatisfied with this—doubtless because
not high enough—got Congress, in 1832, to fix the
foreign value wi*h more accuracy than the mere
invoice; and then to and to it, instead of the ten or
twenty percent., all the charges except insurance.
This they probably considered more than the for-
mer addition, and nearer the exact home value, or
they would have retained the old addition to the
loreign value.
Mr. TALLMADGE'S impression was, that the
first bill proposed was a revenue bill, and could
not properly originate in the Senate, but, as honest
doubts existed, he should be m favor of granting
the leave asked—reserving to himself the right of
voting to lay the bill on the table, or indefinitely
postponing it, should the report of the committee
to which it might be referred pant out ihe impro-
priety of en'ertainmg it here.
Mr. SIMMONS and Mr. WOODBURY made
some remarks as to home valuation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN read the clause in the com-
promise act, which he conceived had the effect of
repealing all former laws after the 30th of June,
1842.
Mr. SIMMONS considered the classes of im-
ports suoject to fulure legislation, mentioned in the
compromise act, were those paying more than 20
per cent duty, those paying less, and those free of
duty. "1 his showed that a fulure law was looked
to tor the authority to collect revenue at 20 per
cent after the 30th of June, 1842
Mr WOODBURY, in reference to the passage in
the act of July, referred to by the gentleman op-
posite, [Mr Crittenden,] remarked, that there was
another clause overlooked. The force of the ar-
gument was entirely overruled by a subsequent
section in the act, to whicn he pointed their atten-
tion, and which painful duties connected with the
Treasury Department had impressed a lit le strong-
er on hit, mind than it had been on the memoiy of
the Senator from Kentucky. The fourth section,
which tbat Senator read, did abolish the 10 and 20
per cent, but the fifteenth secti >n of the «ame act,
whtc'i the Senator had not noticed, substituted the
addition of all ehargis, except insurance, in place
of .hose rates per c nt
As to the words may be, quoted by Ihe Senator
from Rhode Island, to show lhat duties after July
lsi, 1842, may be imposed, but do not exist til!
after wardt. imposed he would merely say, tbat the
term there applied to the past and piesfiu, as we'i
