^36
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and containing in it the principle of distribution
under all circumstances, though the operation of
the act was postponed a month—was introduced.
Was there an individual in his senses who be-
lieved, when this bill was introduced, that the Pres-
ident would sign it? He (Mr. D.) was aware of
the extraordinary extent to which human credulity
might be carried; yet he did not conceive how any
one could have imagined that the President would
have signed this bill.
What other meaning could the President have
put upon it, except that it was part and parcel of a
system of measures to head him? They thought
that he would be forced, by the condition oí the
country, to consent to the bill for one month; and
that then, having given up the principle, they
could incorporate it with the big bill with perfect
success. Such operations would disgrace any
party, as a party, except that party which had per-
formed this. [Laughter.] The country witness-
ed the spectacle of an American Congress graveiy
deliberating on a bill which every man, woman,
and child in it knew would be vetoed. [Laughter.]
He recollected some of the Latin lines which he
had learned in his school days; and among them
was one' which he thought peculiarly applicable to
the Whig party at the present time:
"Quem Deusvult perderé, prius dementat."
Whom the gods would destroy, they first made
mad. [Laughter.] Now the Whig party must be
aware that the bill now under discussion, and which
contained the distribution principle, would be cer-
tainly vetoed if it should pass. Yet they were
progressing in their mad career, as if to force a
veto; and, on the strength of it, hold the President
up to the public, and make him their scapegoat.
He eould tell the Whig party that they underrated
the common sense of the people. The people
would comprehend their measures and designs;
and he said to them, prepare for their verdict. Did
the Whig party suppose that the lightning of the
people's indignation would not reach them? He
prophesied that the thunderbolt of popular wrath
would come upon them like hail-stones at a fire.
But for the blindness, folly, obstinacy, and politi-
cal intrigues of the parly here, he believed all the
public business of this session might have been at-
tended to, and the Representatives returned to their
homes three months ago.
What would the Whigs do when another veto
should come? Would they break up the session,
and go to the people, saying that ihe President had
obstructed them, and the Locofocos had obstructed
them? He ventured to say that, with the declara-
ren of the President before them, that he wou'd
sign a proper tariff bill, the people would not be so
blind and so stupid as to be deceived by such asser-
tions. He dared them to go before ihe nation on
such an issue.
Mr. D. referred to the expenses of the election in
1843, which, he said, were enormous, and bore
heavily on the prosperiiy of the country. He did
not mean merely ths expenditure of money then
encountered, but ihe extraordinary efforts which
were made by the Whigs to secure their object,
and the time and labor diverted from other occupa-
tions. He unceiely believed that the cost of that
contest was more than enough to pay off the
present entire debt of the country.
He did not believe, nor had he ever been one of
those who believed, that m<tintaneous and imme-
diate relief could be afforded by any administra-
tion. Legislation might rot, but it could not en-
rich a people. He abhorred the doctrine that the
people were dependent on the Governmen1; for, on
the contrary, the Government was dependent on
the people.
He next proceeded to observe that, having a
Governmen', it must be supported. He took that
to te a settled principle. He was one of those who
were called Locolocos, and he gloried m the name;
he wfcs a free-trade Locofoco; and, if the time
would permit, he wouid dwell with delight on
those doctrines. He preferred the free-trade
system to a irgh-tanff sjstem; but he was not one
of those heel-over-head politicians who would ad-
here to it, whether ibe condition of the country
would admit of it, or the senurnen's of the people
were ready to receive it.   When the condition of jj
the country would permit, he was for us adoption,
and not till the ; but the time had not arrived in
this country for a resort to free trade.   If he had
the nawer, he would do three things:  he would
abolliB all indirect taxation; for all should be di-
rect, and levied on property: he would have no pa-
per-money; and he would purify and renovate the
system of credit, by the destruction of everything
like suits for debt, and make everything a debt of
honor; and these, he believed, would work out the
equal righis of man.  He would give his support to
a low lariff; but, in this part of his observations, he
observed that   no   tariff  that could be   devised
could  raise  sufficient revenue  for the support
of Government for   the  next   few  years.    He
had no doubt  that a debt  must be contracted
for the next two or three years; and the way in
which he would meet that difficulty was by the re-
duction of the expenses of the Government in
every possible way.   He was for reducing the ex-
penses of the Government to ten or fifteen millions
of dollars; and a tariff should not be framed to
meet the present expenses of the Government, be-
cause they ought not to be twenty-seven, or twenty-
fire, or even twenty-two millions of dollars.   He
would make the tariff raise eighteen or twenty mil-
lions, and let the residue accumulate in the shape
of a debt; and so reduce the expenditure?, that, in
eight or ten years, there should be sufficient to pay
the expenses of the Government, and pay off the
debt that might have accumulated before the rs-
duction of the expenses.   But, above all things,
the system that should be adopted should be per-
manent, durable, stable, and uniform—so far as
was practicable; for human affairs, at the best,
were fluctuating and uncertain.   He went, there-
fore, fcr a medium tariff, as the best for all inter-
ests of the country.   He went for it, though now
a low-tariff man and a free-trade man, in the ab-
stract and theory,—which he was ready to adopt,
when the sentiments of the people and the condi-
tion of the country would permit; but he did  not
think the time had now arrived to carry out those
principles, and many a good cause was ruined by
bsing precipitately urged.   He would, however,
say, in conclusion, that, though he was in favor of
a low tariff, he would go for no tariff that contained
the distribution principle.
Mr. STANLY spoke during his hour in reply to
some preceding speakers.
1 he debate was further continued by Messrs.
SAUNDERS, WELLER, M&THIOT, GOR-
DON, DANIEL, HUDSON, and BURKE; af-
ter which the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 9, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, transmitnng a report in compliance with the
act of Congress of July, 1836, showing ihe amount
of fines imposed, and reductions made, in the pay
of mail contractors, for the year ending 3(Kh Jane,
1841.
Mr. WOODBURY submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies one day under the rule:
Resolved, 1'hat the Secretary of the Treasure be directed to
mform the Senate what has been the amount of the expendi-
ture, and also of receipts, during the firsthalf of the present
year—stating separately, and with the sums uudei each general
h< ad, both of expendltuiesand leceipts.
Mr. BAYARD moved to postpone the previous
orders oí the day, for the purpose of taking up bills
relating to the District of Columbia.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agteed to.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, it was
Resolved, That Ihe Secretary of War be mstucted to com-
municate to the Senate an official copy of the instruciionsgiven
by the War Department to the commissioners appointed by the
President, under the provisions of the thud article of the treaty
between the United States and the Miami Indians, which was
made in ihe month of November, 1840, and ratified in July
1841, foi the purpose oí ascertaining ceitam debts due by said
Indians, and for the payment of which the United States, by the
tieaty aforesaid, becomes íesponsible; and, also, a copy of any
report or award of said commissioners which is on the files of
the War Department, on the subject of the said debts, together
with a list of said debts, and a copy of the voucheis to prove
said debts, and such award of the commissioners as has been
approved by the President of the United States, and, also all
correspondence on the files relating to the execution of the trea-
ty aforesaid,
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the adverse report of
the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims, on ths
bill for the relief of the heirs of John De Tre-
ville.
[It seems the committee reported against the al-
lowance of this claim, on the ground that the indi-
vidual under whom the heirs claimed was a pris-
oner of war during the Revolution.]
Mr. CALHOUN made an argument against the
conclusions of the committee. He deemed their
decision, under the resolution governing the case,
erroneous. He maintained that the circumstance
of a meritorious and gallant soldier being a pris-
oner of war, should be no bar to his obtaining the
bounty which he claimed.
Mr. BERRIEN took the same side; and Mr.
PHELPS defended the conclusions of the commit-
tee. The question was put, however; and the Sen-
ate non concurred with the committee.
Mr. CALHOUN then made a motion to go into
the consideration of the bill in this case; but, at the
solicitation of Mr. LINN, who wished to examine
the matter, being apprehensive that it involved a
new class of pensioners on the Government, he did
not press the motion.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 9,1842.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON asked leave to of.
fer the following resolution :
Whereas the derangements of the currency and of commerc 
throughout the nation have seriously affected the Genera!
Government; embarrassed in some degree all, andrnanerm-
nent manner a large majority of the States; and, in their gen-
eial consequences, have depressed the value of property,
blighted the prospects, trammelled the energies, and interrupt-
ed the business of the whole people, of every pursuit and of
every calling, m ail the States of the Union:
And whereas these disastrous consequences have, in a greater
or less degree, resulted from the general legislation of Congress,
whichhas augmented the expenditures of the Government be-
yond the receipts in the treasury, and yet diminished the reve-
nues, by lessening the duties on foreign fabncs, which has au-
thorized an unlimited importation of foreign articles ejlher free
of duty, or only charged with anominal amount, even from na-
tions who refuse to receive, or receive only with a duty so high
as to amount almost to a prohibition, the productions of our
farmers, planters, manufacturers, and laborers; thereby deny.
mg not only to our own citizens all the advantages of a recipro-
cal trade in the productions of their fields, their mines, and
their woikshops; bul, by leaving a vast surplus m our own
country, has reduced the value of our products, lessened the
rate of wages m every branch of labor, and depreciated all
kinds of property, while, at the same time, this want of reci-
procity in trade and fair interchange of productions has caused
a continued dram of specie for the supply of those necessary
ameles which can alone be obtained from abroad, besides the
great amounts required ibrmteiest on an existing and accumu-
lating foreign debt:
And whereas the States, not foreseeing the embarrassments
which now beset them, have, with a laudable desire to advance
their interests, to develop their resources, and, by multiply-
ing the means and facilities of intercommunication, to bring in-
to active operation and value much of their otherwise dormant
wealth, have involved their credit, and incurred heavy debts m
the prosecution of works which are calculates to strengthen
the bonds of union, and not only multiply the avenues or" com-
merce, but augment the defences from foreign aggression; and
yet such States now find that the debts contracted in times of
prosperity, when capital was more plenty, and confidence
more stable—which obligations upon them as States are oner-
ous upon the people, and must lead to systems of direct ta-sa.
tion, which will still more depreciate the value of real and per-
sonal property; and, by lessening the mea k, of the tax-payer
will dimmish the demand for fabrics of every kind, as well the
products oi our own industry as the importations of necessa-
ries from ahroad, so Ions as these debts are unliquidated, and
the people are iayed for their redemption :
And whereas the obligations which hare been incurred
however improvident several of them may have been are not
the less binding; and the idea of legal and honorable'debts be-
ing repudiated nrist be repugnant to every people who have
been schooled to moial and christian duties, and, with a fore.
knowledge of their responsibilities, have intrusted to their
agents the powers in the exercise of which those very debts
have been created; and as embanassmg as may be the dis-
charge of their liabilities, any and every inconvenience ought
to be enduied rather than that a nation's or a State's honor
should be tarnished; for while providential calamities may for
a time, afflict a people, and sweep away millions of their
wealth, well-directed industry will eventually restore pros-
peuly; but a stain upon a State's or a nation's honor wilPaliach
lo every individual belonging to such State or nation, and his
tory make the deep disgrace and infimy immortal
And whereas the present calamitous condition of atlairs has
been brought upon the nation, the States, and the people by
the joint anion of law makers in the National and State róun.
cils, composed, in a greater oi less desree, of both the political
partt . oi the times, and affect equally, m the general resuil
persons of alt parties —ihereiore a sense
oi common interest, of
common duty,'directed by an enli hYeñwr.Mt™¡Z'Tl'°!',,S1
that those who possess the power and the P„ea^lhA,Mman%
as little deUy as practice, ado^í^ SSHCrJ
