•738
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
■variety of liiKstratians to prove the truth of these
Views
He next proceeded, by tabular statements, to
show how the system operated on American prices
He also examined the doctiine that a tariff pro-
duced low prices. Ha likewise glanced at the
land question, and was proceeding with an elabor-
atejspeech when his hour exptted.
Mr. STUART of Illinois supported the tariff
¡measure.
Mr REYNOLDS, after a few preliminary ob
servations, said that, in his judgment, all this de-
bate about protection and anti protection  was a
msre abstraction.   Was there a man in the House
that would «ay that the Government should stop,
for want of money to carry on us operations'* Sup
po<e his Locofoco friends were in. power. why,
they would be obl'ged to give protection to domes-
tic manufactures, from the necessity of raising rev
enue enough to pay the debts of the Government,
and carry on its operate ns    Such kind of pro-
tection was incidental to tbe necessity of the casej,
and the only thing that gentlemen could do, would
be to make as little revenue answer as possible, by
reducing our expenditures.     His friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Smith,] who was up a while ago,  had
avowed tint he w as opposed to the policy of pro-
tection, but was willing to give such incidental pro-
tection as the necessity of ra sing revenue afford-
ed.   Now, be wished to 'ay a word to that gentle
man, as he was his friend, and he considered him
a man of talents, and sincerely desirons to pro
mote the good c f the country    Now, he was sorry
to hear that gentleman say that he was opposed to
protection, while, at the same time, he went for a
large navy and a large army, and everything that
■would involve a heavy expenditure, and, as a nat-
ural consequence, a high protective tariff    But to
return to the subject of protection, which, he con
sidered, must be given in an incidental way, while
providing for the wants of the General Govern-
ment    Suppose the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, [Mr Pickens,] who went, the other day, for
free trade, were President: why, if he wanted the
Government to go on, he would be obliged to give
protection to manufactures, while he is racing rev-
enue; it would be impossible to do otherwise.
His colleague, [Mr. Stuart,] who had just made
an excellent Whig speech, in the course of his re-
marks expressed a very strong disapprobation to
the system of direct taxation. He said that a di-
rect tax was odious, and that it would be odious
for an American to let a tax gatherer en'er his
house Was this a docinne for an American
statesman, such as he knew his colleague to be?
Was it right to deceive ihe people in this way?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr Kennedy]
had advanced pretty much the same doctrine, and
though the people of Baltimore read only ihe Whig
papers, they were intelligent, and could hardly be
brought to believe it. Did the gentleman suppose
that the people, when they go into a store and buy
a pair of boots, don't know how much they pay
for tbe article, and how much lor the tax on n?
The people knew that the Government must be
supported, and would be willing to contribute their
¡>hare, whether paid to a tax-gatherer, or in the
shape of dune*, added to ihe price of the articles
they purchase. What odium was there, then, m
the tax gatherer's calling on the ppople for their
taxes? Did not the tax-gatbeiers on the part of
the States do the same thing every day, without in-
curring any odium? What odium was there m a
man's going to a house to collect a just debt? and
a tax was a just debt due the Government.
If the gentleman's constituents were opposed to
that, Mr R. >aid that his constituents were not, for
they understood the matter well, and were in a
situation now to know all about money matters.
As to the amount oí revenue to be collected, he
was convinced that it would be less under a system
of direct taxation than under ihe present one. It
might be brought down to the thirteen millions
which the Wmg party pr( posed as the maximum
of protection before the last election. Then, as to
the philosophy and morah y of the thing: where
was the difference between direct taxes, and taxes
colkcted m such a way ¡hat the t*x-payer cannot
«nderst&ni how much is collected from him?   For
bis part, he gave the preference to the former, as
the most just and equal in its operations. Mr. R
further went on to answer ihe objections as to the
expense of this mode of collecting revenue, and to
show that it was by far tbe least expensive, but he
said he was not yet prepated to go fcr it He
merely threw out these suggestions lor the consider
ation of his constituents, believing that, in time,
the country would find the advantage of coming
to it.
Mr R, after refuting the charge made by his
colleague, that the Democratic party was responsi-
ble for ihe evils inflicted by the banking system,
asked him if that would be a Miffic.ent excuse for
the Whig pauy not redeeming their pledges, even
if he could prove it to be true His colleague
seemed to think that the failure of the p t banks to
perform what was expected of them, was a suffi-
cient rrason why the Whig party should have fail-
ed to redeem their pledges Why, they promised
to the people, before the Presidential election, loast
beef ard two dollars a day, and b-cause the pet
banks failed long before the promise was made,
they felt justified in not performing it
There was another promise which they had not re-
deemed—and that was on the subject of proscrip-
tion for opinion's sake Befoie the elections, they
preached all over the country that no man should
be proscribed for opinion's sake, and the country
had seen how that promise had been kept Mr R
here referred to several cases of proscription in his
own State, and in the Territories, dwelling partic-
ularly on the proscription of Gen Dodge—whose
services and sacrifices he highly extolled—to make
room for J D Doty Tbe continuance of this
man Doty in the office from which such a man
had been removed, was sufficient evidence, if none
other were wanting, that there had been no such
coalition between the Democratic party and the
President as had been charged in the course of this
debate.
Mr. R replied to the various charges of coalition
between the Democratic party and President Ty-
ler. He admitted that the present was a better
Cabinet than the first, and hoped that ihe next
would be still better than either. Should the Pres-
ident draw around him a Democratic Cabinet, and
support Democratic measures, the party would no
doubt sustain him, as they ought, in justice and
equity, to do But he denied any combination be-
tween the party and the President. He thought
that his people would not be willing to enter into
any compromise or arrangement, after what had
happened to the universally esteemed Gov Dodge,
who was put out by this Administration to make
room for Doty Could there be a contract be-
tween two parties without a consideration? He
(Mr R ) had not been able to get a postmaster re-
moved How could he support any one at the
White House, when he could not get any of his re-
quests complied with?
He should go for the candidate nomina'ed in the
Democrauc convention, for be ihought it maiiered
not what might be the man's name, provided he
was true in principle Let the candidate be Cal
houn, Buchanan, Tom Benton, or Van Buren, he
should support him [A voice, "Or Colonel John-
son "] Colonel J(hnson he preferred to all other-,
but he was afraid ihe Colonel would not be adopt-
ed. [Laughter ]
He replied to the assertions of his colleague, [Mr
Stuart ] who charged that the Democratic Ad-
ministration had left the country as a legacy a debt
of |24,000 000 What did Secretary Forward
say? The Houoe had bis statement, on oath, that
it was but $5 000,000. He put the certifica e of
this Whig Secretary—put in office by the Whig*—
asamst the asser icns of those who accused Mr
Van Buren of leaving a large debt upon the coun-
try. Of the present debt, j}20,000,000 had been
mcurred by the Whig Administration
He referred to the charges of extravagance made
against Mr Van Burea's administration, and
cited a number of items of expense which could
not have been avoided Those who did not go
for h'gh protection he would recommend to advo-
cate the raising of a small amount of revenue.
Here Mr BOTTS said he advocated a tariff for
revenue, with incidental protection.
Mr. REYNOLDS. Everybody goes for that
rLau" hter ] But if gentlemen were sincere in go-
ing fo°r a revenue tariff only, he begged them not
to vote high expenditures He, referred to Ihe
*200 000,000 of pr.vate claims now banging
around the Cap.tol, and waiting for the action of
Congress, and the claimants all anxiously expect-
ing the passage of an increased tariff. These
claimants bad recently held a convention, and put
themselves under organization to attain their ob-
ject. Members of Congress were daily beseiged at
iheir boarding houses by the importunities <*t these
men.                                                             .
Mr. R reviewed several charges made in the
Presidential campaign against Mr Van Buren.
The standing army and the Hooe case, he said,
had given the Democratic party much trouble.
From ihe activity taken in the Hooe case by the
gentleman from Richmond, [Mr Botts ] he had
supposed that his first movement in a Whig Con-
gress would be to introduce a bill to change the
present law.
Mr BOTTS said he never expected to have
that case repealed
Mr REYNOLDS No ' I reckon you never
expect to have anoiher hard cider and coon-skin
campaign. [Laughter] Mr. R. concluded, by
dep'Ctirg what he thought would be the result of a
Democratic administration—free trade, a sound
metallic currency, no broken banks, and no unjust
and pariial legislation
Mr UNDERWOOD spok°, during tbe hour al-
lotted to him, in favor of protection
Mr WALLACE said the strange assumptions,
and singularly bo>d assertion—if they pleased, ar-
guments—which had been repeatedly made by the
anti proteciion, free-trade party, compelled him,
in justice to himself and that portion of the people
that he represented, to expose, as far as he was
able, some of the many errors and absurdities with
which he conceived they abounded. He then
replied to the speech of a colleague, by which he
conceived injustice was done to the State from
which he came, by its tendency to create the im-
pression that Indiana was ultra-radical on this sub-
ject He next argued that the protective policy of
Europe rendered protection here necessary.
Mr. BEESON said that no tariff that could be
framed could pay the expenses of this Government
for the next three years, at the end of which period
there must inevitably be a debt of $50 000,000,
What, then, was all the argument they had heard ill
favor of protection? He maintained that there were
no such things as foreign imports, tbe whole system
was but one of transmutation If he sold John
Bull a bushel of wheat, and got a hoe m return, he
got it as the produce of his labor, on which a high
tariff would impose a tax. In his opinion, the best
tariff would be the grea'est possible reduction of
the expenses of the Government.
He denounced the distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands as so much scramble-money,
which was injurious to the States it was intended
to benefit; and advocated a tax on bank notes, as
one mode of racing revenue, which would be ben-
eficial to the entiie country
Mr P G. GOODE commenced with some ob-
servations on an article which had appeared in the
New York Courier and Enquirer, for which, and
who e correspondent here, he expressed the utmost
conlempt, and said he should not have noticed
them at all, but that the article had found its way
into the papers of his district.
He entered into some details of his conversion
to Tylerism, of which he had been accused, and
then stated that some tables which he had prepared
on ihe subject of ihe tariff, and some observations
which he designed to make thsreon, he woald pub-
h h without occupying the time oí the House
therewith.
Mr HASTINGS next addressed the House  m
opposition to a tariff    He was succeeded by Mr
RANDALL of Mame and Mr READ.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 11, 1843
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Sen-
ate resolutions purporting to have been adopted
