first  to raise the  flag of impeachment in  this
country.
He spoke for some time in abuse of the Presi-
dent, and in denunciation of those who had charged
the member* of the House with a desire to elicit a
conflict between Congress and the Executive He
referred to the action of the President on the ap-
portionment bill, and denounced it as unconstitu-
tional and disorganizing. He had, he said, been
charged with hemg a conspirator, and the prime
mover in all the schemes to circumvent the Ex
ecutive. As he understood the term, he was a
conspirator—one of the most active and violent m
the House—against the doings of such a man as
was now seated in the executive chair
Mr. C J INGERSOLL spoke his hour, m the
course of which he delivered an able and ingenious
speech in favor of moderate and necessary protpc-
tion. He commenced with an historical synopsis of
various stages of this country, commencing with
the period preceding its independence, when trade
was free, government cheap, and when there were
no direct taxes From that he proceeded to notice
the subsequent stages, amongst which he enumer-
ated the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the
several wars in which the country was involved,
the various tariffs which have been adopted, nulli-
fication, compromise, and all the circumstance
and conditions of the people, with which thosa
events have been attendant.
He went through an enumeration of various
articles of American manufacture, and, in some
luminous remarks recapitulated the article^ of
personal utility which he used of American pro
duce, and ne gave the committee lhree postulates.
first, that they could not if they would, and he
trusted they would not if they could, dispenbe wuh
protection, for national protectton was nothing
more nor less than national existence. Thp next
question was, What was protection ? As a mode-
rate, medium man, he laid down the position that
permanent and the lswest practicable duties were
the most protective. And, finally, cash payment
These were his positions, and these he vanou^ly
illustrated, but he was not veiy distinctly heard at
the reporter's desk
Mr. WARREN then addressed the committee
principally m reply to Messrs BLACK and
COOPER, but he also opposed a high protective
tariff.
Mr. HUNTER addressed the committee i«i a
beautiful speeoh m favor of the principles of free
trade. The lateness of the hour at which it was
concluded, prevents anything but a faint" sketch
for this day's paper.
He expressed his astonishment that, m this en-
lightened age, the exploded doct'incs of a high
protective tariff should be revived When other
nations were advancing w,th the progressive spirit
of the times, and laying down their restrictive ar-
mor, this country was asked to revive a policy
that would better become the empire of Mehtmet
All, than such a nation as ours.
He drew a contrast between what appeared to
him to be the policy of the two parnés in this coun
try—the one endeavoring to administer the Govern-
ment for the benefit of the few, and the other look-
ing to its Stability in the support of the many,
equal benefits, and impartial leg slation Tie one
party seemed disposed to tax more for private than
for public purposes, whils' the other desired no
more taxation than what was requ.red to suppoit
the Government reduced to a footing of strict econ-
omy.
Now that the tariff had b en reduced by the ope-
ration of the compromise act, he thought the most
favorable opportunity was afforded 'o ti>e Demo-
cratic party to carry out, and render permanent,
its policy. He refcned to the argumenis used to
soften the rigor of the bill, and expressed the hope
that the Democratic party would enter into no alli-
ance with its advocates. Any alliance between the
two parties on th's behalf would, he thought, be
false and hollow; and he believe! the great issue
between tbem would be upon the question of a pro-
tective tariff.
Some gent emeu here advocated a revenue tanff,
others a revenue tariff, with incidental protect 01;
wMst others, bolder and more frank, avowed thea- J
ÜÓÑGÉE^OtóL §£éBE.
selves in favor oí protection, independent of other
considerations. He proceeded to show that the
bill was, framed so as not to be a revenne tariff,
but entirely protective, and imposing duties which
would fall heaviest on the poor man, and very light-
ly upon the luxuries of ih* uch It could not be
a tariff bill for revenue, because no man could
reasonably believe that $27,000,000 would be col-
lected from $79,000,000 of imports.
As his friend from Alabama [Mr. Lewis] had
shown in his able speech this morning, it would
cost but 30 per cent, to have goods smuggled in at
New York. The average rate of duty in this bill
was 36 per cent. This, he thought, would not bp
paid He ms anced the smuggling «o extensively
carried on on the Northwestern frontiers, where ihe
custom-houbes did not pay the expenses of keeping
them up— a such a great degree was smuggling
carried on Under puch circumstances, then,
might not this tariff be a measure which would
build up the lake borders at the expen-e of the At-
lantic chores?
He illustrated the operation of a high tariff on
the agricultural classes, and the crying injustice
which they suffered He discussed the doctrine of
a tariff for revenue, with incidental protection, and
maintained that, if it differed from a protective tar-
iff, it was only in degree. He drew a vivid and
stirring picture of the present situation of Eng-
land, and the influence of the restuctive system m
producing the deplorable stae of things theie
Why should we adopt ihe same policy here?
Should we confine ourselves to the narrow market
of this country—restricting our trade lo hie dmam
sions of the Chínese shoe? He thought not. The
principle  of free Hade must prevail The high
tariff might carry at th's time, but the cry through-
out the land would be "repeal," until the country
was stripped of its restrictions
Mr. ALLEN of Maine addressed the House at
length in favor of a high tariff and the protecuve
principle
Mr DEAN followed on the opposite side of the
question, contending for a low tariff and an ecc-
nom cal Government. He said he should write
out his remarks.
Mr. JAMES IRVIN spoke for one hour in ad-
vocacy of protection
Mr CLIFFORD of Maine obtained the floor at
7 o'clock, p m , and addressed the committee in
opposition to the high tariff of protection Afier
he had concluded, there was a. great struggle for
the floor, which was obtained by
Mr SLADE of Vermont, who addressed the
House foi some time.
The Home then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 12, 1842.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
James Reeside,by his attorney in fact, Mr.---------
Mr. B said Mr Reecide was well known through-
out the United S ates ai the " land admiral," from
his extensive transactions wrh the Post Office De-
partment It>s represented m the memorial that he
furnished money to ihe department at different
times, and, after a failure to have his accounts ad-
justed at the ¿epa tment, it was fiiaily agreed that
¡hey should be stilled by bringing a sun, which
was done The trial commenced in October, 1841,
and ended on ihe 6th December following—having
occupied a period of six «e«ks. And the result of
the trial was a verdict entered in his favor for
$186,496 06. A mo ion for a new trial succeeded,
and the claim was affirmed He asks Congress to
pay the amount thus found due to him—staling, at
the same time, that there were $50,000 clearly due
to him besides, and tkat eleven of the jury thought
so. Tne memorial wm referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Pos* Roads.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions
to which had been referred House bill for the re-
lief of John Jourden, and the bill granting a pen-
sion to Mary Johnson, repor'ed the same back
without amendment.
Mr. S also made an adverse report from the
«ame commniee on the claim of Samuel Crapin for
arrears of pension.
?43
Mr GRAHAM, from the Committee oc Pen 
sion% to wh.ch had been referred House bill for
the relief of the heirs of George Sheffler, reported
the same back, without amendment.
Mr. CRAFTS, from the Committee on Pfin.ti.ng,
to which was referred the question of printing the
resolutions adopted by the Democratic Whig Gen-
eral Committee at the Broadway House, New Yoi k,
eulogising the Whig majority m both Houses of
Congress for their ^persevering efforts to enact the
Whig system of measures, and condemnatory of
the President of the^pinitea Slates for interposing
obstacles to the consummation of such po'icy,—
reported^ adversely to the printing of the resolutions;
and the report«was concurred in by the Senate.
Mr WOODBURY asked for the consideration.
of the resolution submitted by htm on Saturday
last, calling upon áe«^ecretaty of the Treasury for
information as to^he amount of receipts and ex-
penditures of ihe Govesnment during the first half
of the present year.             .
The CHAIR informed him that it was adopted
at the time it was presented.
Mr. WOODBURY did not so understand it, but
was pleased to find that it had beea
Mr WOODBURY submitted the following reso.
lution, which lies on the table one day, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
report to the Senate whei e the public money has been deposited
foi safe keepng since the lepeal of the m lependent treasury;
by whom the depos tones have been selected the changes, if
any, which have been made m them since with the reason 
thetefor and under what regulati ms and secuuiiesuis placed
with them when received irom loan4* and treasury notes, aa
well as fiom duties Ian la and othei source*, and to accom-
pany this infirmation with a list of the present depositories,
and the amount ol money m each, by the past returns
House bill enti led "An ac' 'o amend an act for
altering the times of holding the United States dis-
trict courts in Wes'ern Pennsylvania," was taken
up and read twice.
Mr. BUCHANAN explained the bill. It was
to correat a mistake. The difficulty which it was
intended lo remedy, was owing to a místale in
Congress fixing the same t'ay for the meeting of
the courts at Philadelphia and Wilhamspoit. He
hoped, therefore, it would be passed at once, as
there was no neces^i'y for i s rtf renre.
The bill was then read the third time and passed.
Mr   CRITTENDEN, from  the Commi tee on.
the Jud'ciary, to which  had been referred House
bill  for Ihe relief of the  heirs of Thomas Aikm- .
son, deceased, reported  the same back, without'
amendment                                                  .          >
Mr CRITTENDEN, on leave, introduced^ bill!
to permit the Solicitor of the Treasury to adjuSUhe!
claim of the United Slates  against Henry Danlfel,\
deceased, and Thomas Tnplett, now of the StattM
of Kentucky, which was read twice, and refened to y
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of William.   t
Hu 1, deceased,  (b*ing a bill to pay the atnountv |
due him as Givernor of Michigan Territory to the   4
time his office wis revoked,) was take-i up as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. CLAYTON observed that, when this bill
was last befo-e tne Senate, it had been opposed on
one ground which he had since ascertained to be
unfounded it was, tu.at General H U was a de-
faalier indebted to the Government He had made
inquiry at the proper deparimrnt, and was inform-
ed that not a cent was c'araed a  being due by
General Hull.
The nature of the claim u'ged by the present bill
was this General Hull, in 1811, was appointed
Governor of the Terutory of M oh san. He was
also a bngad er general, charged wuh the military-
defence ot the frontier In 1812, acting in bis mili-
tary capacity, he surrendered the Teintorv to the
Bruish, and remained a prisoner of war till Febru-
ary, 1813, at which time, on being given up, he was
arrested on a charte of cowardice and treachery,
and was tried The sentence of the court martial
was not carried into effect—the pardon of the Ex ■
ecutive being extended to him In October, 1813,
he was superceded as Governor of Michigan Ter-
ritory by Governor Cass. General Hull's salary
as Governor w?s $2,000 a year, which was paid up
to the day of his arrest in February, but w^hheld
from that till Octobej, by the department, on the,
