Ué
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ground that his arrest suspended his right. The
object of «he bill was to pay this balance, from
February to October, 1813, to his heirs.
Mr. TAPPAN showed that the proposition was
to pay the heirs of Gen. Hull his salary ai Gov-
ernor of the Territory, from February to October,
1813, when, by his own voluntary act, he had ab
rogated all right to it, by the surrender of huiielf
and his country to the English. The moment he
surrendered the Territory into the hands of a for
eign enemy in 1812, he, by hi<¡ own act, ceased to
be Governor of it, and corid perform no service
that would entitle him to compensation
No amendment being offered to the bill m com-
mittee of the whole, it was repotted back to the
Senate, and the question came u$ on ordering it to
be engrossed for a third read'ng.
Mr. PRESTON wished.to'JtncCw what was the
condition of the Governofshipnf the Territory from
1812 to October, 1813, apd what was done for the
salary claimed?
Mr. TAPPAN observed that the Governor,
General Hull, was a prisoner to the British—part of
the time on his parole—til), in February, 1813, be
was placed under arrest, to be tried by court-mai tial,
in lus military capacity, for cowardice or treachery
in surrendering the Territory to the British
"When tried and convicted, he was pardoned by
the Executive, and superseded as Governor by
Guv. Cass. It is for his salaiy when prisoner that
this bill is intended to provide
Mr. WOODBRIDQEsaid the conviction against
General Hull was not tor high treason, he was
found guilty of cowardice only. If he was really
obnoxious to that charge, it must have been owing
to some temporary infirmity of nature, for his
course throughout the revolutionary war proved
that no braver man ever existed. Bat so strong
was the excitement again t him at that period, that,
in the finding of the verdict, it was necessary to
yield something to public opinion. In full view
of all the circumstance1!, the Executive clemency
was extended to him. It could not be forgotten
that throughout ihe revolutionary struggle he had
performod his part so well as to elicit the strongest
praise of General Washington and the whole army
He was willing to admit that the appointment
of General Hull as Governor of Michigan, at such
a critical period, was injudicious for he was so
advanced in life as to be subject to the infirmities
of a-e. Surrounded as he was by difficulties, he
wanted tin? ability and judgment which in earlier
life he pos esse I Opposed to him was a British
gen-ral of the greatest energy and talents, hostile
Indians were collecting for a descent from a'l
quarters, and his conduct under Ihe panic of the
moment may be easily accounted for, without the
imputation of treason or treachery.
This, however, was all aside from the legal
claim presented by his children for the balance of
his salary while he held the unrevoked commission
of a civil office, distinct from his military respon-
sibilities There was nothing in what had occurred
jn relation l¿ the question of his surrender lo the
Bntrh, to deprive his children of their right lo
claim a pecuniary debt, which this Government,
by its commission, was under an obligation to
pay
Mr MERRICK was greatly surprised to find
that any smb bill had been íatrodueed, as that for
the lelief of the heirs of this- miserable gentleman,
for it must have been foreseen that it was in the
face of recollections not very pleasing, o>- likely to
enlist mary advocates If General Hull or his
heirs had a legal claim to this money, as asserted,
■why not prefer it before the proper depar ment
•where roth ng but the exhibition of a legal claim is
needed to in ure payment? If, on the other hand,
the department, in full view of the nature of the
claim, refused to recognise it, there could be no
ground for Congress to go upon, but the merits of
the ca e, and he apprehended they would be far
irom justifying the passage of the bill.
Mr PRESTON had asked the question a* to the
condi ion of ihe rffee and the Governor from 1812
to Oe'ober, 1813, for the purpose of eliciting in-
forma ion, tbat ihe Senate might consider the mat-
ter «cders'andiBgly It seem  that General Hull
gs*e ainvelf up as a prisoner of war in 1812, ard
virtually remained so till February, 1813 H  was
paid up to tbat time; but, being arrested on certain
charges, and tried by a court-martial, which con-
victed him of offences of the gravest nature against
his coantry and Government, the proper depart
ment refused to pay him his civil salary from the
time of his arrest, and thu claim is now brought
forward for Sn alleged balance of tbat salary from
February to October, 1813
His wish had been to ascertain the exact capa-
city in which he could have acted to entitle h'm to
that salary; for it appeared to him that he must
have been in a state of disability, (the consequence
of his own act,) and could not perform the ser-
vices which would entitle him lo any compensa-
tion He had prevented mmself from exerciung
the functions of Governor, whether he had or had
not really, by his surrender of the Territory, abol-
ished the office of United States Governor. There
was no such office as that of United States Gov-
ernor of the Territory while it remained in the pos-
session of the British; and, therefore, there could
be no claim for compensation for discharging the
duties of such an office.
According to his recollection of the events, the
British took and kept possession of the Territory
during the period in question.
The bill did not explain whether the payment
was to be on account of his salary as General in
the army, or as Governor of the Territory. If it
was on the latter account, it was evidently ground-
ed on the assumption of an office being in exist-
ence at the time in which services had been or
could be performed. But as the incumbent had
disqualified himself by a self-created incapacity, he
doubted whether even a plausible technical case
could be made out.
Mr. TAPPAN made a few observations inaudi-
ble in the gallery, but understood to be in explana-
tion of the claim being for General Hull's services
in the office of Governor of the Territory, which
office could not co exist with the military occupa-
tion by an enemy
Mr CLAYTON, in reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr Merrick ]—that if
the claim was legal and just, the proper department
would have paid it long ago—observed, that the de-
partment refused Ihe claim from the day of his ar-
rest, on the ground that he was not afterwards en-
titled to the salary. But if there was good grourd
for paying him his salary from 1812 to February
1813, it was the same from February to October,
1813—daring which time he continued to hold his
civil commission undisturbed, even if his military
commission was in suspense. The argument
would be much better, if it was maintained that
whatever he had been paid from 1612 to February,
1813, had been paid in error, because he was then
a prisoner of war, and could not perform the civil
functions of Governor The department evidently
did not consider him disentitled by beirg a prisoner
of war, aid certainly sbou'd not have considered
him any more disentitled while under arrest as a mili-
tary man, on charges not connected witn his civil
commission. His military responsibilities had
nothing to do with his civil office, and it was by
confounding both together that tbe department had
erred As his commission of Governor was not
withdrawn till October, he remained, whilst he held
it, Governor of ne Terr lory, whether a prisoner
or not The office was created by law, Ihe salary
was fixed by Iw , General Hull was appointed
Governor by the Executive, and, until officially re-
moved, «as entitled to the emoluments of the
office
Mr SMITH of Connecticut had witnessed with
surprise the advocacy of this bill. He woi Id just
as s0 in have expected to see a bill introduced and
advocated on this floor for ihe relief of ihe heirs of
Benedict Arnold On what p-mciple, he would
ask, ci uld the introduction ot such a bill be vin-
dicate 11 Was it on ihe principio that time and ac-
tions spent (according to the finding of a court-
martial) in cowardice and treachery, were to be
compensated by the Government, and the coun-
try betrayed? What better clainj was there for re-
warding cowardice and treachery, that surrendered
our territory lo the enemy, than for rewarding the
treason tbat meditated such a surrender?   If sh's
bill was defensib'e, so would one be for the family
of Arnold The one would be just as properas
the other, and thers can be no belter claim for
this proposition than for that.
Would any one contend that money was due by
this Government to the heirs of General Hull, for
services rendered by him to his country or its Gov-
ernment? He apprehended not. If not, then, for
services rendered, what could it be due to him for?
Should it be contended that it was for services, the
question would arise, what were those services'
And what answer, he would ask, could be given
but the verdict of the court martial'—coward'ee and
treachery Why should he or his heirs get com-
pensation for such services as that? Was it credita-
ble—was it a good example to set—to reward such
service*?
But take the plain matter, apart from the trea-
son of the case, and coasider it as a simple matter
of contract. You employ an agent to perform a
certain duty for you, and for the actual per-
formance of that duty you are to pay him a given
compensation. He, in another capacity, does an
act which incapacitates him from performing his
agency, or, indeed, abolishes the agency altogether.
What claim ean he possibly set up, in justice or
equity, for the compensation of services he pre-
vented himself from performing?
The facts, however, were much stronger; for
General Hull not only did not do the .service for
which he was to get his salary during the time for
which he claims, but did tbe greatest injury which
a cit zen could inflict upon his country and Gov-
ernment, by surrendering up his trust to its ene-
mies. Yet, now, his betrayed country is called
upon to pay bis heirs—not for services actually
rendered by him, but for his having placed him-
self in a condition to render it impossible for him
to perform the services which he had contracted
for, and for which he was incapacitated by his
own base act—at once dishonoring and disgracing
his own name, and tarnishing that of his country.
The attempt should never have been made to
place such a precedent before the country as the
introduction of this bill
Mr BERRIEN observed that thn was a matter
in which he had personally no advocacy. The ques-
tion of the legal obligation of the Government to
discharge tbe claim had been referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee, and its attention was necessarily
confined to that simple question. The committee
had only one duty in relation to tbe matter to per-
form—and that was, to say to he S nate whether
tbe heirs of Gen Wm Hull had or had not a legal
c'aim, and whether the Government was under a
legal obligation to dischatge it. The committee
was not requ red, and did not feel it-elf called up-
on, to go beyond the naked question, and institute
^n inquiry as to the previous meritorious services
of Gen Hull, or his dereliction of duty, now the
subject of discussion. The committee looked only
to the question of indebtedness on the part of the
Government, and had made its report accordingly.
There was no one who could look back to the
unfortunate transaction, so much commented upon,
with more painful feelings than he, but he was
very far from joining in tbe denunciations of a
man now passed to his last account. He could not
think of that unfortunate man without also calling
to mmd h>« prev ous services, and tie bigh testi-
monia s of his bravery ard good conduct m the
trying hour of the Revolution.
He would merely look, on the present occasion,
to the question of his ngbt, or ihat of his heirs, to
the payment now claimed His salary had been
oaid up to the day of his arrest, m February, 1813,
and if it was right to pay him so far on the com-
mission he held as Governor, it was equally right
that be should be paid till that commission was.
revoked, 'rfhich was' not till October, 1813 The
commission ivould not have been kit in force if
the office was not allowed by the Government'to
be in existence, and that it was m force, is evident
from the fact of its being revoked in October, 1813
on the occasion of hts <u<-ce«sor being appomtea'
Tiie law of the land created tne office, and author-
ize the appointmen , and so long as the appoint-
ment was in commission, ihe legM obligation rest-
cd on the Government to pay the compensation.
