750
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pressively on the navigating interests of the ooun-
try. Our merchants could not fit out vessels with-
out a heavy tax being incurred He wished 10 al-
low our fishermen, and our sea-faring men, to pur-
chase their articles without an oppressive burden
on them. They already suffered enough in the
dangerous and hazardous business they were en-
gaged in, without being taxed for the benefit of the
manufacturiBg interests. By reducing the duty,
•we should obtain more revenue, and, he believed,
the fishermen and sailors generally would have not
only a cheaper, but a better article than they now
have.
Mr. SHIELDS moved to strike out, in line 53,
"5 cents per square yard," being the duty on cotton
bagging, gunny cloth, &c, and insert 20 per cent,
ad valorem.
Mr. S., in support of (his amendment, made an
estimate of the annual amount of the cotton ciop,
and the quantity of bagging used in packing it, (be-
ing about eleven millions of square yards,) for the
purpose of showing how oppressive the duty would
be. A duty of 5 cents the square yard would be
nearly 100 per cent, on the East India gunny cloth,
which came cheap, and answered as well as cotton
bagging, and was now principally used in his sec-
tion of the country. This duly would amount to a
prohibition of tbe article.
Mr. FILLMORE replied to the remarks of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Shields,] and
stated that the duty proposed was only equal to
about 25 per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. GWIN moved to amend the amendment, by
striking out 20 per cent, and inserting 25 per cent.
He said he'did so for the purpose of tesung the
sincerity of the declaration that 25 per cent, would
be a sufficient duty. If it was, he saw no reason
■why it should not be inserted, instead of 5 cents
per square yard.
[This was accepted by Mr. Shields]
Mr. G. DAVIS replied, and argued, during his
ten minutes, in. favor oí protection to bagging,
gunny c'oth, &c.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 34, noes 89.
Mr. GAMBLE then moved to strike out "5 cents
per square yard," as the duty on the same article of
cotton bagging, and insert 3$ cents.
Mr GWIN moved to amend this amendment,
by striking out 34 and inserting 2 c nts. He said
that the people of Mississippi had to pay a heavy
tax upon all ihe bagging with which they pad ed
up their cotton—75 cents on every bale. They
derived this bagging from the State of Kentucky,
which, out of the 450,000 Odies of cotton annually
made m Misiswppi, only consumed about 5,000, at
most.
Mr MARSHALL of Kentucky said: The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has already
explained that this duty of five per cent, on cotton
bagging and gunny clo'h was laid  simply  wnh
reference   to revenue.     He has stated that this
specific duty, it estimated as an ad valorem duty
upon   the    preient  price   of  the   foreign   ar-
ticles, is below the average duties imposed  by
this Oil),  With a view   to revenue alone      The
gentleman   ¡rom   Georgia,   [Mr   Gamble,]  in
favor of his amendment, contends thdt this du y
of five centb ib h.ghcr than   he duty impo ed prior
to ¡832 which he considers as the highest standard
even of a protective duty, and moves to reduce it
to that standard—three and a half cents per square
yard,   A duly ot any parti' ula>- dat  can, of itself,
form no standard, rule, or reason, for present le-
gislation.   Circumstances may so have altered as
to require a readjustment of the actual amount of
duty, in order to preserve your principle, and in-
sure your objeci, whether that principle and object
be protection or revenue    Tna gentleman show
and argues tna' there has been a great change of
circumstances since the year 1832.   He shows that
by  the improvement   oí   machinery,  and  o her
causes, theie   has been a fall in  the real pnce
of  foreign   bagjing  abroad—that is, the Sco'ch
manufacturer can produce ih* article at an equal
profit, and at a le-¡> cost to himself now, than 'hen.
In addition to thi , th  gunny  tlo'b, which   is an
India fabric, brought into use since that date, has
been  found well  adapted  to  the purpose of cot
ton baggu.g, and comes in as a aval to the Dundee
bagging—ibus tending, by the increased supply,
still farther to reduce the price. Now, sir, sup-
pose we agiee on these fact ; and I am willing to
agree to them with the gentleman. Do they furnish a
ground for increasing or diminishing tbe duty, upon
the principle that we legislate for revenue alone?
I assume, or rather admit, for the present, that the
cotton planter of the South is the consumer of this
article, and that the whole amount of the duty is
added to the price, and paid by him How stands
the argument for revenue? In 1832, the cost of
the article in Scotland wa«. fifteen cents per square
yard; in 1842, from the causes heretofore enu-
merated, it has fallen to thirteen cents. I state
these prices merely for illustration. Now, in 1832,
a duty of three cents raises the article to eighteen
cents per yard to the consumer; and, in 1842, a
duty of five cents only raises it to eigh een cents;
so that the difference of two cents is saved to the
revenue, without increasing the burdens of the
consumer between the two penods. Nor can the
duty, considered as a protection, raise the domestic
article higher than the foreign, or in a greater ratio
than three cents did in the former state of circum-
stances. If the domestic manufacture has not
been improved, by the same means which
have diminished the real cost of the produc-
tion abroad, the increased duty does not ope-
rate as a protection to the extent of the in-
crease. Suppcse the actual cost of the produc-
tion of American bagging to be the same in 1842
as in 1832:—it is evident that the five cenis
now is no greater protection than the three cents
then; eighteen cents being the price of its rival in
both periods. If, on the oth«r hand, the same im-
provement has taken place here, the American
manufacture is aided to the whole extent of the
duty m the market. The two cents additional rev-
enue upon all foreign bagging imported goes into
the treasury; and the American consumer pays for
his article just what he did before. Surely, sir,
upon tbe mere question ot what duty a paiticular
article will bear for the purposes of revenue, the
fall in the article abioad (the demand at home con-
tinuing) will enable the financier to increase his im-
post, without increasing ihe burden of the domestic
consumer. But Mr. Speaker, in adjusting the
revenue, there is nothing in the compromise
act, nor in the President's message, which
prohibits us from having an eye to the protection
of American products. And why, may I írquire—
why should not hemp be protected within the limits
allowed by those two high authorities? This has
been said here to be not a national, but a local ín-
teres ; not an American, but a Kentucky interest;
an effort to make the cotton planter pay io the bag-
gm -maker just so much more, bj, the strong arm
of Government, than the natural condition of com-
merce and the market would enable b^m io pro-
cure it at. Th's,is the old question, and I have not
time to go into it. I would remark, however, that
there are ex'ensive regions m the West fiited for
the production of hemp; ample, if brought into cul-
tivaron, to supply the whole demand of the cotton
regions for bagging.
This bill is not inattentive to Southern interests
whenever they can cocip withm the protective
principle Take sugar, for example Now the
sugar region is confined in its extent; and dees no',
and cannot, supply the whole American demand.
The protection afforded to it cannot terminate in
the manner to which the protective policy looks
by its principle, to wit: the supply of domestic
consun>p'ion, by domestic produc; and the conse.
quent ultimate iall of the protected articles them-
selves to th, natural price by domestic competi-
tion. Yet sugar is protected by a duty of 50 per
cent m this bill. This might be considered a
local interest. Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Mis-
souri, and rrore extensive regions still, are
fi'i'd to ihe production of hemp, suftieiert
for the whole national supply. That ehich
can be m°.de to supply the national demand,
1-. surely a national interest. Coaon itseif
is protected by this bill. Bat, sir, the com-
plaints of the cotton-planters here agauist Ken-
tucky appear to me to be entirely unfounded. In
j the first place, sir, their staple agricultural product
J meets with a favor in foreign nations, which is ex-
tended to no other product of American soil. While
the duty upon cotton is a mere trifle in Britain?
and France, and tbe domestic market for it¡
free of all duty is enlarged—and, indeed, has been
created by this accursed tariff policy—the fruits
of Western fields and plantations are heavily bur-
dened, or absolutely prohibited, by foreigners.
Now this article of bagging is, in reality,,
not consumed by the planter, as has been hereto-
fore admitted in this argument; but is, in reality,
exported and sold with the cotton, and thepnee is re*
imbursed by the foreign or American manufacturer,
[Mr. M. was here interrupted by two or three
of the Southern gen'lemen : "No, no, we pay it—
we pay it."]
How is this, gentlemen, (continued Mr. M.,>
how is this, I pray ) ok? You contend stoutly thai
the duties imposed upon foreign articles imported
into this country, and consumed by yon, are paid
by you, and enter into the price of the article-
How happens it that ihe dunes imposed upon
articles exported and «old by you, and bought, paid
for, and consumed by others, are al«o paid by you?
Do you pay the duties impo*ed by ycur own
Government, upon your consumption, and like-
wise the duties imposed by other Governments
upon yonr production? This cannot be. I have
admitted that the consumer paid the daties; and
upon this admission, assuming for the instant Ihat
you were the consumers of bagging, have shown
that the five cents of this bill imposed no heavier
burden upon you, and extended no greater protec-
•ion to us, although it yields a greater revenue to
the Government, than did three cents m 1832U
But when I proceed to show—what is indisputable—
that yon are not the consumers of the bagging,
but the English, French, and New England man-
ufacturers, you shift the ground agreed upon, and
contend that the producer pays the duties laid upon
tbe article. Take either horn. If the American
producer selling abroad really loses the duties im-
posed upon his article—whether an export duty
levied by his own Government, or an import dnty
by the Government of the country where he sells—
(and some gentlemen have treated this duty on
bagging as an export duty against the planter, and
have hence considered it as unconstitutional,)
then surely the English producer is in the same
situation. This Southern argument, then, proves
that the whole tariff of duties imposed upon British
fabric or materials—bagging, mark you, included—
is paid by the foreign producer, and ihe Ameri-
can treasury is replenished at the cost of for-
eign labor and capita!; unless gentlemen will
contend that when they produce they pay, and
when they consume they pay—that South Caro-
lina and Georgia are saddled with the whole
expenses of the British and American revenue sys-
tems. But, sir, if a tariff of protection be a tax
upon consumption for the benefit of American
manufactures, and, in ihe earlier stages of the sys-
tem, really enhances the price, why the South
have less right to complain than any other portion
of the Union, even of the temporary burdens__the
price of ultimate national independence; because
their consumption is not greater m proportion than
other parts of the country, considered separately,
and bearing no proportion to the whole maw of
American consumers ; because the extension of
our own manufacturing establishments enlarges
the market for their peculiar agricultural sta-
ple; and because, during the struggle, their article
is admitted into foreign countries almost free,
while most of ihe agricultural productions of the
United States are either heavily burdened or abso-
lutely prohibited It it scarcely fair, that when
Europe seals her ports against Western bread-
stuff , but admis Southern cotton, and while the
West pays her full proportion of duties for the
protection of other American interests, the cotton-
planter should insist on baling in the cloth of Brit-
ish India, or Scotland, notwithstanding the duty
again-t wh'ch he writhes and declaims stimulates
and fosters the industry of a portion of bis own
countrymen, or goes into the exhausted treasury of
his ewn Government, and is finally reimbursed
him by tbe foreign manufacturer or merchant to
whom he sells. Sir, I could pursue these view*
farther, but this is not the time.
