COJTO-REigglOiyAIi &L.OBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.                                 "------WEEKLY---------                              PRICE $1 PEK SEriSfON.
27th Cong.,.......2d Sess.                                 WEDNESDAY, JULY 20, 1842.                                 Volume 11.—No. 48.
Continued from No 47.
business was as prosperous as  any other m the
country.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The quest'on recurring on Mr. Fillmore's mo-
tion to strike out §18 and insert $17—
Mr. COOPER of Georgia moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out $17 per ton, and in-
serting 25 per cent, ad valorem.
He would not (Mr. C. saia) let this matter go,
without showing all the whys and whereiore=> con-
cerning it. Ii had been asserted that a duty of $17
per ton would not amount to more than a duty of
25 or 30 per cent, ad valorem Noar, he had no
doubt it would be at least double Mr. G then
went into a calculation to show ttse amount of the
percentage. Why was this pioposiUcn made? It
was not for revenue or pro ection, but for abso-
iute prohibition. He would inform the House
lhat, in the country where he resided, there was no
article made, or that could be made, in the Uaited
States, lhat came in competition uith tbe one they
«sed. It was, therefore, vain to talk of this duty
being intended as a protection for American man-
ufactures. What was the object of i J In some
countries they u^ed wood instead oí non for
ploughshares, and if this high duty shou'd be pass-
ed, the peopb of Geurg a would be «'riven to the
use of tbsir live oak roo o for that purpose, rathei
than use the interior Amer can article It was not
to protect American muuaiac'ure , but toiompei
the people ot t le So'jth 10 use the m enor art cle
at the manufacture '., own pnces 'IfH th's high
duty was put on, bat gentlemen would find them-
selves deceived: the people oí Georgia wouid not
use it, every man, from the mountains to the sea-
board, weald understand it. The knew the pnce
ofSwedih iron, which was the only one suited
for their purposes; and knew that the kind of pro-
tection the committee proposed would be to deprive
the consumer of that ar ícle, in order to compel
him to use the inferior American production A
duty of 25 per cent would not fall very far short
of from $12 to $15 per ton, and 'hat ought to be
sufficient protection, unless gentlemen intended to
drive the Southern agriculturists to the a~-e of their
live oak trees to plough their grounds wi'h.
Mr JAME9 addressed the committep .n oppo-
sition to the amendment, and m favor of the high-
est protection to the iron mtei" t
On taking the questir n, Mr. Cooppr's amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected—ajes 48,
noes not comted.
Tbe ques ion was tnen taken on the amendment
of Mr Fillmore, and it was adept d
Mr. GAVE JOHN&ON of Tennessee proposed
to strike out trie p-oviso, which is in tht follow-
ing words:
"Provided, also, That no imported puor to the 31 day of
March 1843, m bars oí othetwi&e, fut rulway or mchncd
planea, sha 1 be ehatged w th the aiity on ro le 1 tro i and tl e
duties seciued thereon, to be en Hkd to the benefits of the pro
vision of existing laws, exempting it fiom the payment f duty,
on proof of its having been actually laid down on any íailway
or inclined plane pner to the 3d of Maich, 1843 "
And to insert in lieu thereof •
"And on taihoad iron the same duty is on lur oi bolt non
mide wholly or m pa>*tby lollinf, excepting tint which sh U
have been ordered on or before tht-15. i oí í iíy, Is42 '
Mr. J Sd>d i' was kno vn tu the House hat
hi was rot m fa/or of p otection, and he vould be
willing to rejuc  the duties on tms, and t v r; "ther
article in the oi 1, to the revenue standard; but if
the protective pnr.c.ple was to r>e adheied to, he
thought it should be extended fa>ríy <">d equa y to
every inure >t He saw no reason why ic ff ends
of pro eclion shcul! a io tne ¡ron inter   i t£ be
so materially afile et, by Ktaimng Hie provi o n
this bill, and ex^.-yt Sidles a<il coiporstiois Í oca
paying iheir rr^portion of ¡he taxes levied upon
this article, and paid g neially by th' people
Corporations f r such parpo-e-; were compoo.d
generally of wealthy men, more ab e to pay tlan
most other consumers.
He desired to place railroad iron on the same
footing with all oiher kinds, and to pay duty from
the passage of the bill. He lelt surprised that the
friends of pro'ecuon had so long permitted that in-
terest, and lhat alone, to suffer by the importation
of large quantities of iron free. Upon examining
the House Doc. No. 265,21 «ess , 27th Congress,
would be seen the extent to which it had gone
under the acts of 1831, 1832, and 183G, whereby
iho manufacturers had been greatly injured, «nd
much taken (írrpropeily he thought,) from the
treasury. This table exhibits, tor each year, tns
amount of duties refunded:
1831
«6 847 90
183!
330 709 19
183 s
202 210 70
1834
421 010 34
1835 -
529 5¿9 79
1336
- 234,194 74
1837
407,517 05
1838
910 011 6b
1839 -
672376 86
1840
638 510 97
ltll -
391,264 64

«1800 1S-3 84
And by the act of February 6, 1839, duties were
remitted to the Baltimore, Wilmington, and Phila-
delphia Railroad Company.
By these various acts, thousands had been taken
from (he treasury, in addition to the millions which
had been stated; and operating severely upon the
iron interest, whilst it was compelled to bear the
burdens imposed upon other protected articles, pnd
of which they were the consumers. He insisted
that the laws which his amendment proposed to
repeal, were nothing moie than donations from the
public treasury to aid wealthy coiporations en-
gaged in making railroads, who, he repeated, were
less entitled to aid fiom the public treasury than
any other class of the community General and
special laws could be passed, emptying the treas-
ury for iheir benefit; whilst the great body of the
people could not obtain the slightest amelioration
of them, whatever their necessities might be. He
appealed to those representing the iron interests in
Pennsylvania and o.ber States, as well as those fa-
voring the protective system, to aid him in prevent-
ing any exception being made m this bill preju-
dicial to that most important interest. He believed
the manufacturers of iron would be satisfied if
they bad tbe same protection as was given to other
interests. He said they had been heretofore treated
bsdly and he hoped the wrong would not be con-
tinued in this bill.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland offered a 'ubsti-
tute for the proviso, specifying that all iron which,
at the date of the passage of this act, shall be or-
dered by any company from abroad, in bars or
other-vise, for raiboads or inclined planes, shall be
entitled to the benefit of the provisions m the exist-
ing laws, and be entered free, also, such as shall be
actually laid down on rails prior to March 3,1843;
and all iron ordered after the passage of this act,
or laid down after the date aforesaid, shall be here-
after subject to the same duty as is levied on rolled
iron.
Mr. K. explained his object m offering the
amendment. He wished to save the iron already
ordered fer railroads, and instanced the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad, which had sent for a large quan-
tity of iron, in order to complete the rei'road to
Cumberland.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON opposed the amend-
ment, lit. thought it would give undue advan-
tages to the large cities, which might send out orders
for iren enough to last twenty years, and introduce
it free of duly.
Mr. CARY advocated the importation of rail-
road iron free ot duty. Ha read a letter from the
president of the Petersburg Railroad Company,
which entered into some calculations as to the amount
which the ra Iroads of Virginia would have to pay
in case a duty of $30 per ton was imposed on rail
riad iron The tax *  hich the 337 miles of rail-
roa Is in Virginia would have to pa} was |7 5,000.
This san, *oo, would have to come out of uie prod-
uce transported on the roads, and not out of the
companies themselves.
Mr Kennedy's amendment was rej'ected.
Mr BLACK moved to fix the duty on railroad
iron at 20 p*r cent, ad valorem. Mi. B. said he
was unwill'ng to make a difference between the
duty on imports by associated companies and
puva'e individuals—the farmers and* mechanics of
the country. He ma^e this move for the purpose
of putting revenue into the coffers of the Govern-
ment As the Georgia railroad had been alluded
to, be wcu'd say lhat the peop'e of his State want-
ed no exemp'ion from the payment of dutte-! on
ía'lroad non, which it would have to pay on tnejr
ir n for ploughs and car-a heels.
Mr. Buck s amendment was lost.
The amendment oí Mr. Cave Johnson (noted
above) wat then rejected.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to s.rike out the
whole proviso m re'ation to railway iron, &c , and
fix ihs duly on "bar or bolt iron made wholly or in
part by rolling," at thirty per cent ad valorem
The public treasury had lost near five u,i!lions,
and tbe manufacturers of iron the protection to
wtieh they were justly entitled, sj long as that
sj stem was continued He ius sted that jasiice—
ampl  jusi ce—should be done io thatgreaiand im-
portant merest No l'terest m the country was
more entitled to piotccuon, and no cla«s was less
entitled to exemption from the burdens of Govern-
ment thbn ihose who hjdreceived ihe fiv mi'lious
under the acts of 1831 and lb32 Oar own iron
makers could and would make it a-, well as any
other m the world, and a* much as was needed for
any purpoa" whatever
Tne passage of the laws of 1831 and 1832 was
a full and complete answer to the argument so
often advanced on this floor, and so earnestly and
emphatically repeated to-day by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Edwards,] tnat high duties
made prices lower to the consumer. If lhat was
true, how happened it that the iection of country
roost intciesifd in proteo1 ion should be moat anx-
ious to have railroad írott free of duty? Was it
not because railroads were in more common use
there thin in the West and South, and that they re-
ceived the iron so much tbe cheaper when exempt
frcm duty? Would the manufacturer ask protec-
a n if it i educed the price of the article he made?
He thought that, whilst members claimed protec
t>on for their peculiar interests, they should be
willing to bear a fair proportion of the burdens
which would result from their o .'n sys em.
Thii «as not all thdt had been done to affect
that imp nam interest. Upon examining the stat-
utes be found that the general law for refunding
dune  on raili^ad iron 1 ad not been sufficiently
bioad to covei sll the cscs, and that, from time to
t m , írdivi'. tl applications hpd been made to
Consrre^s tor r-f uncling duties m cas«s not wamn
ire law    The fir^t ca^e h- fornd was the
Act cf July %  1836 —
Retj3un«'o  'he lVxirgton and Oho  Railroad
Company    -           -           -           -   §1 984 00
Ac'of JiU 7, 1838, refunding duties
to—
Fne New York and Harlem Railroad
Company    -           -           -           -       905 00
Ti e Baltimore awl Susqueharna Rail-
roid Company, amoun* rot known.
The Newca-tle ?nd Fx "chtown Rail-
road Ct-p?ny        -           -           -    2 003 87
I he   Georgia Rai'rrW and Bunking
Oomnanv   -           -           -           -    3 361 62
Remitting duties to Charles Day, Wii. W i rye,
t>nd Geo'ge Wn t.ian of Alabama, and Lamert
IvlilUudori si.d Jas R. But's of New Orlean ,
ajihonzmg 'hem io import, tree of duty, iron
for steamboats with the necessary tools and im-
plements for construclnn, excepting steam en-
gines; and the same privilege extended to <?. B.
Lamar and the Steamboat Co npany of Georgia. ¡
