m                                        CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He was not himself willing to have such a high
duty as this, bat he wrhed to see if, by stretching
a. point, any motion to amend the details of the bill
wade by one of it* opponents would be carried.
Herbad part of i papei from an iron manulac-
turer of the name ot Lippencolt, who stated that a
duty of |30 per ton was equal to 75 percent. Was
the House prepared to lay a duty of 75 per cent,
for revenue—and that, too, upon an article of neces-
sity, and not of luxury? He replied to the charge
made against him that he advocated foreign in-
terests here; and sstred if the advocates of the high
tariff here wete not themselves advocating British
interest, by laying Mich bn>h dut'e^jHe thought the
high tariff would met ea«e the impoitation of foreign-
ers , although it diminished the imf or anon of foreign
goods. )n (hat <ense, the tarift would be a benefit,
inasmuch as it would introduce a class of useful
Citizens, who would bring their machinery with
them, and in this count-y manufacture the very
articles which they could not export fri m a foreign
country. Mr. R quoted the 33d ruis of the House,
■which forbidi member-; from voting on questions
in winch they tare particularly interested. He
feared there were too many members here who
were interested in iron works and lands, and who
would vote for the high protection, to get any
thing like reasonable duties adopted.
Mr FILLMORE said he was insti ucted lo move a
reduction of the duty from $30 to 025 per ton. In
reply to the remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Roose-
velt,] he would say that iron was an article
which could bear a higher duty than m st others,
on account of its being so frequently brought as
ballast, and its bulk, which prevented it from being
smuggled.
In answer lo an inquiry from Mr. ROOSEVELT,
whether a duly of $30 per ton was not equal to 75
jper cent, ad valorem—
Mi. FILLMORE admitted that such a duty
"was rq'ial to 62i per cent
After some remark* from Mr BOTTS in favor
of the highest rate of duty,
Mr J COOPER moved to «-trifcc out #25, and
insert $29 75 as the duty. Mr C. addressed the
commtfec tu favor of the amendment
After a few remarks from Mr FILLMORE,
Mr. COOPER withdrew bis amendment.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out $35 and inserting $27,
though, he Mild, he should htjve preferred the bill
an it came from the Committee of Ways and
Mi aos He supported his- amendment m some
obsei vdUtns and replied to a remark made yes-
terday by Mr Roositvilt, that New Yoik was
tnbuury to Pennsylvania
Mr. 80 ITS entreated the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to withdraw his amendment.
M- W W IRWIN consented
Mr TOMLINSON renewed it. He contended
that this duty was rrquired hy the manufacturers,
many of whom, in his own district, were now stif-
le ring great distils
Mr W C. JOHNSON opposed the amendment
—his desire being to preserve the bill in its ptescnt
shape.
The amendment was m-gnuved
Mr RUSSELL piopo'o! lo ¿mend, by substi-
tuting $31 /or #25, and, after some observations,
withdrew his proposition
Mr RANDOLPH proposed to fix the duty at
$27 50 per ton, apd .uppoited the amendment in
jl lew remarks
After some iematk from Mr HOLMES in op
posilion t  the mouon, the amendment of Mr Ran-
dolph w.'s agreed to, and the amendment as
amended adopted
Mr. JV>iKEO\ moved to amend the bill, by
striking out the wnole clause, but the Chair de-
cided that the motion was not in order.
Mr. McK said that his object was to strip this
biil of the pretence" of its being a revenue measure
He understiod tie geojiemm rro-n New Jersey to
s-ay i4at ih s was a p^or article, not u<ed by oar
blaeksiriihs, and he therefore w.shed to beep it
from beinít imposed into the country Now, if
he was, right, Hie report of the Secretary of the
Tr a*ury showd that there was something like a
aillwn o£ dollars coming into the treasury m the
importation of the article. The object of the gen-
tleman from New Jersey was to keep the article
out of the country, and to give a monopoly to ttse
home producer. Ho ? did gentetnen reconcile
this with a revenue measure? It appeared to nim
that the whole object was to see how much the
producers of iron could make out of the country,
without the least regard for revenue. He wished
the people of the country could see this, and that
they all could witness what took place here on this
tariff bill. He had no expectation of carrying this
motiOB; and his only object was to call the atten
lion of the people of the country to the subject, and
to let them understand that, on articles on whicn a
high duty was collected, the avowed object of the
high-tpriff party was to keep them out oí the coun-
try. How gentlemen could reconcile ih's with a
revenue bill, he was at a loss to imagine
Mr. FILLMORE moved to fix the tmty on pig
iron at $9 per ton, instead of $10: earned.
Mr 1> ILLMORE moved to include among the
article^ paying a duty of 2i cents per pound, tn
hollow-ware: carried.
Mr FILLMORE moved to fix the duty on cap
or bonnet wire, covered with silk thread, at 12 cts.,
instead of 15 cents per pound: carried.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to fix the duly at 24
cents per pound, instead of 3 cents, on chain, ca-
bles.
Mr. McKEON moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out 2i, and inserting 1, so as to make
the duty 1 cent per pound He offered this amend-
ment by way ot testing how far the committee re-
garded the commercial mierest Cham cab'es
were pretty generally u=ed in our meichant vessels,
and he would suggest to the gentleman that it would
be the saving ot a very heavy expense to the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates to adopt his amend-
ment.
Mr. KcKeoh's motion was rejected, and Mr.
FiLLMoai,'* amendment was agreed 'o.
Mr FILLMORE moved to insert in the 50th
line, after the word nail , "axle-trees, or parts
thereof, mill iron, wrought iron for ships, steam
engines and locomotives,"  o as to fix a duly of 3
tents per pound on thesp articles  earned
Mr. FILLMORE then moved to insert the f ol-
lowing pioviso, to come in at the end of ibeclau e.
Provided, Tint all articles parually manufactured, neitoihei
wibc provided for, shall pay the ¡>ame late of duty a- if wholly
manufactured nudes md provided, also tliatoo mauufaciuit,
(torn steel, sheet, rod, hoop, oi othet kind^of non, bhall pay a
lef,s late oi duty than is chargeable on the material of which if
is composed, in, whole or in part-paying the highest rale oí
duty, eithei by weight oi value, anda duty of Vi pei cent ad
valorem on the cost of the aiticlc added thereto
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to reduce the daiy on
anchor , anvils, blacksmiths'hammers and slr-dgcs,
from 24 cents per pound to I cent Mr R ob-
served that he had made a calculation, and found
that the duty of 2iS cents per pound was equal to
$56 per toe, or 100 per rent ad valorem
After some conversation between Messrs FILL-
MORE and ROOSEVELT, the motion of the
latter was rejected.
Mr. HÜBA.RD moved to reduce the duty on
cut-iron nails, from three cents to a cení and a half
a pound.
Mr. FILLMORE opposed the motion, and it was
rejected.
Mr. J CAMPBELL said he had a motion to
make, which was unusual lo a man coming from
South Carolina. He moved that the duty on
"silveied or plated ware" be incteased tiom 30 to
50 per cent, ad val iretn He deprecated as an
evil lo the country the circuoistaree liut so large
a portion of th  precioKs metals oí the country was
diverted from circulation to vessels of gold and
silvei, and the gilded trappings of ostentation. He
thought, J the prccnt.s metals were diverted from
oth<*r uses to the purposes of currency, commerce
would revive, and much of the distress ei the
country woald be alleviated. After some fuilher
remarks upon the subject, Mr. C withdrew his
m^'ion, being, as he 'ml, unwilling to incur the
impulatiun of having pressed a motion for the
violation of ibe compromise act
Mr MeKFON then moved to reduce the duty
on "mill-saws, crosscut-saws, and pit saws" from
$1 each, lo 20 per cent, ad valorem.   Thcc saws
were extensively used by the farmers of the coun
try, and be thought every man   here, representing
agricultural interests, should be in favor of a low
duty.    There were,  at preteni,  but three   man-
ufacturers of these articles in  the United States.
Mr McK '* motion was rejected
Mr COOPER of Georgia moved to fix the duty
oa saws, &e , at nineteen per cent. He stated that
these articles had hitherto been imported free of
eiuty. For whose benefit was ihe duty now to be
imposed? Undoubtedly, for the benefit of the three
Englishmen who were erga^ed in their manufac-
ture, and at the cost of the wood-cutters and hand-
choppers of the country.
Mr. C 's amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUBARD then moved to reduce from thirty
to twenty per cent, the duty on axes, hatcheis,
citiseli, scythes, spades, and other tools He said
that it bad been usual to allow articles intended for
the use of the manufacturers to come in free, or at
very low rates of duty. He had offered this,
amendment, m order to see if the same indulgence
would be granted to the mechanics of the country.
Mr H '¡> amendment was rejected.
I      Several unimportant at endraenis were made to
¡  some of the items on Mr. FILLMORE'S mo-
tion,
Mr ROOSEVELT moved to add, after the ar-
ticles "japanned ware of all kinds, and plated and
gilt wares of all kinds," the article "papier ma-
chee," thereby subjecting the same to a duly of
titrty per cent, al va'orera • adopted.
Mr FILLMORE moved to reduce the duty on
"leaa m pigs, bai=, and sheets," from three to two
and a half cents per pound.
Mr STUART of Illinois said tha  he considered
it important to the miners of Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Iowa, that the duty on lead should not be re-
duced.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin said that, ¡n cor-
roboration of the views which had been submitted
by the gentleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Stuart,]
he wished to add a few observanons m oppo mon
to the motion to amend, which he trusted would
not succeed.
He felt it to be an imperative duty to stand for
ward <n defence of a mir-t meritorious and valua-
ble class of citizens which he had the honor to
reprevent—he meant the miners of Wisconsin,
whose labors- hsd contributed more to eanch th°
country, and, in regard to one great ingredient of
war, to render us independent of {ore gn nation ,
than any other class ol men. he alluded to the ar-
ticle ot lead.
From a report recently made by the Secretary
of War to the Senate, it is shown that the amount
of lead made at the Upper Mississippi lead-mine*,
from 1821 to the 30th September, 1834, wa-
66,6S4 862 pounds, and that tnc rent received
from the mine's by the Government, daring ih?t
period, amounted to 5 270,558 pounds ¡i al i
appears, from a repoil recently made by the pre-
ient superintendent ot the United Stato-, lead-mine-
to ¡he Ordnance Department, that, at the Upper
Mississippi lead-mines, there were ma-V, during
the last year, 20 millions of pounds This will
«•how the vast mcreasc of the manufacture of that
article
It is believed, now, that the enterprise and ¡i-
dn-itry ot th  citizens who are engaged in the
hirinesi of mining, can furnish a supply of tbr
article for the entire consumption of our couiiin,
and enable ihe Government to accumulate a snfli
cietit quantity m our military stores lor the emet
geneics of war.
However sound and just the policy which urges
nember  of the National Legislature to oppose the
a ¡option of protective or high dunes, with a vipw
to encourage certain articles of domesucmanufac
ture, it is believed the arguments and reasons by
wbicn they are goierned will not apply in reference
to ? high iiuty on lead
í i the first place, it should b - recollected that
l°ad is not an article of so general and considera-
ble ttse, as that a diflerence of a ¿ollar or two dol.
lars a Hundred could be lejt by the peop'e as a bur-
den. Secondly: the mining business, and the manu-
facture of the ore into the marke'able article, is
yet in Ufa infancy in those districts where lead ore
