756
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ttetiwr the same to the proper officer or agent of said State,
l>Hl$aijJstoCii.8hall not be assignable, except as hereinafter
"provideo, Vfc Whenever any State shall, by law, appiopnate
¿tny sum, or make loans, or entei into any guaranty for debts
incurred, or contracta entered into for making turnpike roads,
tail oads, or canals, or tor improving lake or river navigation,
and said State shall make the same known to the Secretary of
the Treastuy, with a demand that so much of said stock should
Tie made assignable, he shall substitute certificates of stock for
that amount, payable to bearer 01 assignee, and beaimg in
terest as aforesaid, and payable a* aforesaid, according to the
direction of &aid State, through its officei or 3gent, and shall
charge the same as so much paid of the principal of the alore
said unassignable stock belonging to said Staie, and all such
assignable stock shall be redeemable at the will of the Govern
men£ excepting only that it shall be redeemed in the order of
Its date
Sec 4 And be it further enacted, That the payment of
sail the debts and guaranties heieby assumed, and of the stocks
authorized to be issued ¡>hall be made at the place or places,
and in the mode stipulated for m the original contiact by which
«aid debts were incurred, and if no stipulation has been made,
then the áecretao oí the Treasury shall direct the same
Seo 5 Andbe it further enccted, That for the payment of
theiotereslatilprincipalof said debts, guaranties, and stocks,
the futute proceeds of the sales of the public lands, deducting
«mly the expense of survey, and other incidental expenses, are
hereby set apart and appropriated, and the Secret ry of the
"Treasury for the tune being is d rtctpl to apply the same
accordingly, paying all mier-trt due, before the payment of the
principal, ora / part thereof, and, in addition to the appro
priatton of toenail proceeds ol the public lands, the faith of
the United States is heieby pledged lor the full payment of all
the said debt", guai amies, and stocks, principal and interest
Sec b And be it furthei enacted That no State shall be
enti led totteberefi s of this irt until the fai h of said Slate
shall be pledged that no i ew debt shall be cieated by said State
for any of the purposes, specified m the first section of this act,
"until all the Tiab lines hereby incuriedby the Government of
the United States shall have been paid or redeemed, except
such States as have not heretofore contracted debts for the
aforesaid purposes, equal to the amount of then proportion of
theliahilmes proposed tobe incurred by the United States by
this act, and the States coming within this exception shall only
be required to pledge their laith that new debts shall not be con
traded for the objects aforesaid, beyond such an amount as will
make their whokde'it, created for those puiposeb, equal to the
amount of stock, tr which said States will be respectively enti
tied by theprovia msof this act, added to the present amount
of the debts of s -.uStates respectively, incurred for the afore
«aid puiposes
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 15, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the War Department, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, copies of the report on the impediments to the
navigation on lake St. Clair, and of the report and
suivey of the straits of Detroit
On motion of Mr WOODBRIDGE, ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from
ciü¿«ns ot Fionda, praying the admission of that
Territory into the Union as a State, and agamst a
division of ihe same, which was referred to the
Committee on the Jud ciary.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to which had been referred
the opinion oi the Secretary oí Wai, that the lead-
mines in the State of Illinois and the Territories ot
Wisconsin and Iowa could be sold under existing
laws as other public lands, and to which had also
lieen referred several petitions and memorials rela-
tive to the sale of the mineral lands in said Stale
and Territories, repotted a general bill on the sub-
ject.   Mr. S. said that a majority of the commit
tee considered it very doubtlul, to say  the least,
whether any such authority existed by law at this
time, as was contended by the Secretary of War,
and they all concurred fuliy in the opinion that no
sale should take place under doubtful powers   The
committee had   m.traced  him to report a bill to
provide for ascertaining and disposing of the lead
and mmersl landi in the State of Illinois and Ter-
nto íes- of Wi consm and Iowa; which was wad,
and ordered to a second reading
Mr. McRObERIS presented a memorial from
citizens ot Illinois, praying the establishment of a
mail-route trom Chicago, by Babcock's Grove, S'.
Charles, and Sycamore, to Division, in that State;
which v/cs referred i> the Committee on the Post
Office and Pot R< ads
The bill lo confirm the claims to land m the dis
tnct between the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers, was
considered ¿s in cummutee of the whole, reported
to the S^üí. e, ar J ordered to be engrossed for a
third readme.
The bill to estábil h a port of entry at the city of
Bangor, m the State of Maine, was taken up; and,
without being considered, was, on motion w Mr.
HUNTINGTON, laid on the table.
The bul tor ihe relief of the legal representatives
of Philip Barbour, deceased, was taken up, and, on
motion of Mr. TAPPAN, laid on the table.
The joint resolution te provide for the payment
' of certain Cherokee claims was taken up, as m
oommittee of  the whole; and, without bemg con-
« sidered, was, on motion of Mr. KING, laid on the
! table
¡   Tha 1 ill directing an edition of the laws of the
«United States to be compiled and printed, and for
the distribution thereof, came up in its order, as in
committee of the whele.
Mr KING thought they could get along wi'h
ihe laws o. the United Slates as now published.
He believed it much better at this time not to emer
upon a compnaliGD of them, which would incur an
expense that the condition of the treasury was not
well prepared to justify. He would move to lay
the bill on the table, unless the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee [Mr. Berrien] wished to
discu<s it, with a view to otherwise dispose of it.
Mr. BERRIEN said the bill had been introduced
by the Senator fien 0 no, [Mr. Tapfan,] and re
ferred to tne Judiciary Commutee for examination.
The committee were of the impresión that it was
if very great importance to have such an edition of
the laws published The edmon, as proposed in
thu bill, will comprise some three volumes, em-
bracing the Constitution of the United States, and
the laws of a public nature. It could be printed
at a trifltng cost to the Government, because the in-
dividual who may be selected to do the printing wi'l
have Ihe privilege of printing any quantity he
pleases for sa'e If he work should be comprised
in two volumes, the cost, exclusive of the ex-
pense of binding, and the expense for a proper per-
son to make the compilation, would not be more
than $2,530, and if it should be extended to three
volumes, the cost would be proportionably in-
creased. It was also important that the edition
should be speedily published; and therefore, if there
was no business of a more important character to
require Ihe attention of the Senate, he hoped the
bill would be considered and disposed of.
Mr TAPPAN said it was well known that the
laws of the United States have been, and no x are,
printed annually m pamphlet form, and distributed
to the States They are then distributed by the
Slates to the different counties, and are soon almost
all of them lost He believed there was no perfect
copy of the general laws pf the United States to be
found in any bookstore out of Washington city.
If a lawyer m the interior of the country wished to
procure a complete set of the laws of the United
States, it could not be had on any terms. He
thought, under these circumstances, that a new
edmon of the general laws was much desired by
the legal profession parucularly, which could only
be done properly by Congress The laws of the
counlry ought to be always published under the
sanction and supervision of Government, and not
be left to pnvate enterprise. If the motion to lay
the bill on the table did not succeed, he would
move to so amend it as to make it less exceptiona-
ble.
Mr ALLEN thought the plan might effec  some
good, bnt could not reach the mam object of ren-
dering the laws accessible to the mass of the peo-
ple. He conceived it would be infinitely belter to
cau«e an entire revision of the laws, by a commts-
s on of competent person*—perhaps ihree would
be sufficient—who should collate and condense
them, arranging each under its appropriate head,
according to the subject The laws of Ohio and of
Virginia had been published in this way, and the
plan afforded the utmost satisfaction to bo.h the
bar and the public at large. After the proposed
revision and condensation, one general act could
be passed, adopting ihe system as the code of the
United States
Mr BERRIEN observed that the Judiciary
Committee could not go beyond the resolution or
instruction, in o the contemplation of such a revis-
ion and rewn'mg of (he whole code of laws. Tne
obj ct was to p„mt cut Ihe mode of supplying the
deficiencies complained of, with regard to various
portions of the Union net being furnished with the
laws as they now exist.
Mr. BUCHANAN was not awar-< that any ne-
cessity had been fell for this distribution of ihe laws
of the United States He had himself never ex-
perienced any inconvenience from not having ac
cess to them, having always found Gordon's, Di-
gest of the Laws of the United Slates sufficient for
all geneial purposes and extremely satisfactory
In short, he coasidered that work had carried out
the plan proposed, so far as regarded arrangement
and references. He moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the bill on the table, and resulted m trie nega-
tive—ayes 14, noes 16.
Mr TAPPAN moved to amend the bill, to the ef-
fect ihat the printing and binding should V e given
by contract lo the lowest bidder
Mr. BERRIEN did not think th« amendment
necessary.
The amendment was adopted—ayes 18, noes not
counted.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to fill up the bknk for
the number of copies to be printed, with the words
' one thousand "
Mr WOODBRIDGE suggested the propriety of
making the number ''fifteen hundred "
Mr KING viewed the whole matter as the ema-
nation of some book making speculation, similar
to one that had heretofore given so much trouble;
and ihe extent of which, he believed, would not
have been confined to four or five hundred thou-
sand dolUrs, had it not been lately arrested, though
it was got up under the guise of a resolution,
which attracted baldly any nonce; and it was nevtr
thought it would reach to an expenditure of
$90,000
Mr. BERRIEN found himself in the strange
posiaoa of being pressed on one side by the Sena-
tor from Michigan, with arguments showing the
necessity of the publication and of increasing the
number, and, on the oiher, by tne Senator from
Alabama, who takes quite an opposite view.
The committee had given the subject due con-
sideration, and could not recommend the expense
of a larger number than 1,000 c >pies—leaving it
to the printers lo publish a cheaper edition, which
they coald easily do, being paid for the setting up
by the price of the 1,000 cop.es authorized for
Congress.
He explained that it might be necessary to give
from two to three thousand dollars to a competent
person for compiling the work, and if it hould ex-
tend to three volumes, the whole cost would be
|10,000.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE gave his reasonsfor think-
ing the number should be 1,500. Tne new States
would alone require a very latgs supply It seemed
to be unjust to demand obedience to ihe laws, with-
out placing them wi'hm reach of those expected to
otey them
Mr. PORTER did not see anything ,n the bill
designating that the books were to be distributed lo
the Slates and Territories. He wished tome pro
viso cf that nature lutrodueee,.
Mr BERRIEN explained tha* the distribution
would be a matter of after legislation, when the
books were rea^y
Mr.  HUNTINGTON approved of and rein-
fo eed the  arguments o   the chairman of the Ju
diciary Commil'ee    He tioight the distribution
should be le't to future legislation.
The amendment filling the blank with "one
thousand" was adopted.
Mr BERRIEN then moved to fill the next blank
with the words "ten lhcu=and," be ng the sum
(#10,000) to which the expense of the work was
to be limited
Mr KING was surprise now to learn, from the
motion of ihe chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, that tne expense of the. wor't was to b  $10,000.
He had understood the Stnaur to «ay, in his open-
ing lemaik , th?t the cost would no exceed §3,980.
Mi BERRIEN had stated \hH sum on the sup-
posi ion of tao vclume", but, if extended to three
volumes, the cost would be from six io seven thuu-
s?nd dollars. But, independent of the printing
and binding, the services of a competent person to
compile ¡he work could not be expected for less
than between two and three thousand dollars, at it
