was probable ¡t would occupy the entire attention
of such a person for a year or more.
Mr. KING did not think the report authorized
such an expenditure.
Mr. BERRIEN read the report, and drew from
it the inference that it could not be expec ed the
plan could be effectually accomplished at a less
cost than §10,000.
The amendment was adopted, and the blank
filled with that sura.
Mr. BERRIEN observed that the amendment,
adopted as suggested by the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. TiPPiN ] would seem to imply that the com-
pilation was tu be done by proposal and contract,
along with the punting, and, to avoid ambiguity,
he would offer a verbal amendment
After some explanations between Mr. TAPPAN
and Mr. BERRIEN, the verbal amendment was
adopted
Mr KING moved to amend the first section by-
fixing the compi'niattoa tor the compiler at $2 500.
If not fixed, should the books cost only a small
portion of the whole appropriation, the balance
might be given to the compiler
Mr. BERRIEN had no objection to a limita-
tion, and would agree to its being made $3,000.
Mr. KING assenting,
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut offered an amend-
ment to the effect that none of these books should
be distributed to members of Congress.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the bill dij not
propose any distribution at all. fhat would be a
matter of fu'ure legislation.
Mr SMITH considered his amendment highly
necessary. It would show the country that the ob-
ject of the bill wps really to place ihe laws in the
hands of the people, and not m the private apart-
ments of members oí Congress He was surprised
that there should be any objection to this guard
against abuse, particularly from the Whig side, so
deeply pledged to reform pll abuses.
Mr. CONRAD did not thmk the amendment at
all necessary Such an abu^e as that alluded to
by the Senator could not be chatged on a Whig
Congress. There was no fear of it, as long as the
Whigs continued in power. But he would not
cast such an imputation on rnembe s of Congress,
Whig or Democratic, as would be contained in the
proposed amendment.
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all sfter the enacting words,
and inserting, m substance, that the books shall be
distributed as hereafter directed by Conereis
The amendment to the amendment was adopted
—yeas 23, nays 17.
The question then cam  up on Ihe amendment
as amended, ana it was rijected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN sufgested the propriety of
an amendment to trc details of the plan, bv which
there would be references to the decisions of the
judiciary a-, to the ton truction of such of those
laws as had been subjects of reference to the
courts of the Urn ed States
Mr. BERPÍFN, adopting the sngges'ion, moved
an amendment to the fourteenth line of the first
section, embracing the object deined by the Senatoi
from Kentucky.
Mr. TAPPAN thought it would be improper to
legislate in tms bill on the subject oí decisions of
the Sup'eme Court
Mr. CRITTENDEN and Mr HUNTINGTON
defended the propriety of the amendment.
It was then adop ed.
The bill was reported back to the Sena'e, and the
amendments were concurred in.
It was then ordeied to be engrossed for a third
reading
The bill to raise two new íegiments, and to or-
ganize a corps of horse a-ullery, came up in its or-
der, as in committee ot the whole; but, without be-
ing considered-, was, on the motion of Mr. AR-
CHER, laid on the table.
The joint resolution for the printing and distribu-
tion of the continuation of the Distestof Patents,ard
for other purposes, catie up in its order, as in com-
mittee of Ihe whole; and, without being considered,
was, on motion of Mr. KERR, recommitted to
ct^GÍÉfasbtóííÁL tíLííiE.
the Committee on  Patents and  the Patent Office.
Then,
Oa motion of Mr. MERRICK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
FniDAy, July 15, 1842.
Mr. HOPKINS presented the memorial of J. E.
Dow, representing various mail contractors in the
United Slates, and setting forth his views ot the
operation of an order of the Postmaster General,
usued in 1838, suspending for six months one trip
per week of their regular contract service, and a
pro rata amount of their pay; and also praying for
the passage oí a joint resolution directing ihe Post-
master General to pay for such service as was ren-
dered, notwithstanding his order of curtailmen1,
and to allow a month'  extra pay to tho*e who did
discontinue servce for six months, under bis order,
as in case of other curtailments; which, upon his
motion, was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MOORE wished to offer an amendment to
the tariff bill in relation to the duty on sugar, and
also to Mate some facts connected with the subject,
and some frauds which had been committed on the
revenue.
Mr. FILLMORE «aid the proceeding was irreg-
ular, and he therefore obj'ected to it
Mr CAVE JOHNSON *aid he should claim
the privilege of replying to any remark  that might
be made.
The reception of Mr. Moore's amendment hav-
ing been objected to by Mr. TURNEY,
Mr. MOORE moved a suspension of the rules.
This motion was rejected.      ^
DETAILS OF THE TARIFF BILL.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved it<elf into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resumed the consideration
of he tariff bill.
Mr FORNANCE moved to strike out "10 per
cent, ad valorem," as the duty on^'nnc in shee' ,"
and insert after the word sheets "or otherwise un-
manufactured, 2 cents per pound." Mr F. made
some remarks m support ot the motion, alleging
ihe necessity for protection to this article, which
was so extensively used l  tbw country, and espe-
cially in the manufacture of our brass cannon.
Mr. FILLMORE signified his opposition to the
amendment    It was rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE ti en moved to strike out all
after the woid "con!," in the 129 h to the 134th
line, and insert "$1 75 per ton" as the duty on all
coal. Thp effect of the amendment would be to
have the duty on coal assessed by weight, instead
ot by measurement
Mr. ROJSEVELTmoved to amend the amend-
ment of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Mrars, by ■striking out $1 75 per ton, and in-
serting 25 cent1-. He said the coal tax was
particularly oppreisiye to the poor m th« Northern
cities. To them it was not only a necessary of
life, m the sense in which those terms have been
used, as applicable to tea and ctffee, but an mdi^-
neruable article, withou. which existence cou'd not
be sustained. It was, to th.. poor, a question of
freezing or not freezing, wherea„ in thecal of the
proposed tax on tea and coffee, upon which so
much s> npaihettc eloquence had been expended by
both tie political par íes of the country, the only en-
sequence involved was a little more or a lit'le less
c ¡niton, or, as some consider it, luxury. The opera-
tion, moreover, oía high duty on foreign coal was,
not to increase the revenue of the public treasury,
but to levy a tribute—and that a most oppressive
one—upon the city of New Yc tk, and other Atlan-
tic towns, in favor of the private owners of ceal
lands in the Sate of Pennsylvania. In the lan-
guage which «ome gentlemen were so olten in the
habit of using on this floor, he would say that he
entered his "solemn protest" against this gross injus-
tice to his enns ltuents
Mr BlDL%.CKi>aidhe rosetoprotest against the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Roosevelt,) with the same solemnity* the
same earnestness, the same regard to the poor, and,

as he thought, vtvh better reasons than had been
adduced by that gentleman. When in the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, he had discovered ft dis-
position in the members from Philadelphia to re-
gard that city as the whole State, and the whole
State as Philadelphia. Now, he perceived a <iis-
position on the part of the members from Ntw
York city to regard that city as ihe State of New-
York, and its interests as those of the Union He re-
ferred to the large sums which had been expended,
in order to get into the coal-mines in the moun'aias
of Pennsylvania—$40,000,000 by the S'ate, and
$13,000,000 by individuals The expenditure of
this money had materially reduced the price, and
increased the connumplion of coal. The effect
of a tax on it would, h., thoueht, be to confer aa
ultimate benefit, instead ol a burden upon the
consumers Mr. B said be was tired of bearing
the contmuil taunting of ttie New York delega-
tion about the poor and hard-fisted freemen He
did not believe that the fists of thcr constituents
were harder than those of o'r-er people. He was
proceeding to show ths necessity tor a tax on coal,
when hit ten minutes expired, and the Chairman's
ivory hammer fell upon the table.
The amendment of Mr. Roosevelt was re-
jected.
Mr. HAL8TED moved to strike out #1 75,
and insert $1 50 per ton, as the dntv oa coat.
He did so, because he thought §1 75 too high.
He was .n favor of protec'ion, but rot ot monopoly;
and he was opposed to taung the gre.it majority-
for the benefit of a few Moreover, he believed a
duty ot $1 50 would produce more revenue than,
a higher rate
Mr. BRIGGS opposed the amendment.
Mr. IRWIN wished to speak, bat the Chair de-
cided he could not speak; and the committee sus-
tained its decision upon an appeal made therefrom.
by Mr C J. 1NGERSOLL.
Mr Halsted's amendment was rejected.
Mr McKEON propose! to substitute 12a cent?,
which was negatived, and the amendment of the
chairman of the Committee of Wajs and Means
was adop ed.
Mr. FILLMORE prop^s-d to amend the clan«e
reading a> fi lions, "on coke, or ei'Sm of coal, six
cents per bushel," by reducing the duty from 6 to
5, which was agreed to.
He next proposed to strike out the proviso, which
was as follows:
"Provided, That all f( reign coal imported into ihe United:
States shall he equally entitled, wi'h other importations, to Uio
diawb-ick of dunes paid, on being exporled thence, and upon
satisfactory proof being adduced, conformably to regulations to 
bD prescribed by the Secretary of the 1 retii iy, that the coal
so expoi ted, if not landed abroad was not ic amted in the United
feotes, but was consumed on boaid the vessel in whrh it was
so eipoued upon the voyage of exportation) before airlving at
the foreign port of dest nation '
Mr. ROOSEVELT opposed this motion, as
likely to be injurious to an interest no?/ in its in-
fancy, but which was of mat consequence to this
country.
The amendment of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was adopted.
Section 5 being under considera' on, several
veibat amendments were adop'ed on the motion of
Mr. FILLMORE.
The duty was also reduced, on his motion, from.
12 to 10 cents per pound on articles of plain
moulded and pressed glass, weighing eight ounces
and under.
Some other amendments were adopted in relation
to duties on window glass.
In the 6ih clause of the 5th section was the fol-
lowing :
"On raw hides of all kinds, whether dried or salted, one cent
per pound '
Mr FILLMORE proposed to strike out "one
cent per pound," and inserí 5 per cent, ad valo-
rem.
Mr. WARREN propo^d to substitute 20 per
cent ad valorem, for this was represented to be a
revenue measure.
Mr. SALTONSTALL opposed the amendment
to the amendment, and it was negatived, ihe vote
being taken by teller.*,on the motion ot Mr CAVE
JOHPtgOJS.
Mr. GWIN moved to amend, by substitvung
