^5i
15 per cent.; but, after some observations by Mr.
CUSHING, he withdrew it.
Mr. W.B. CAMPBELL moved to substitute 18,
which he afterwards reduced to 10 per cent. He
said it was evident this was a measure for protec-
tion; and he claimed some protection, then, for the
farmers, so that it should not be exclusively for the
manufacturers.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON called for tellers, which
were ordered; and the amendment to the amend-
ment was negatived, by a vote of 89 to 60.
The original amendment of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was then adopted,
by a vote of 80 to 58.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN offered an amendment
to increase the duty on men's boots from f 1 25 per
pair to $2 25: not agreed to.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN moved to increase the
duty on men'* shoes and pumps to CO cents each,
instead of 30 cent?: agreed to.
The hour of 12 having arrived—the time to
which explanations on amendments bad been lim-
ited bí the resolution heretofore noiiced—
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked if it was the
purpose of the majority to go through with the re-
maining details of this bill, without allowing any
explanations. No disposition (Mr. S. said) had
been shown by the minority to procrastinate the
bill; and, as,the most important part of it remained
to be considered, he hoped that the committee
would extend the time for the very limited discus-
sion allowed. He would observe that they had
only reached the 19th page of the bill, which
amounted to 53 pages.
Mr. S. then moved that the committee rise, with
the view of offering a resolution lo extend the
privilege of discussion: rejected—ayes 42, noes
112.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN moved an amendment
to increase the duty on children's shoes from 15
cents to 25 cents; on women's double-soled pumps
or shoes, welted, to 60, instead of 40 cents; and
on women's slippers, of leather or prunella, &c,
to 40, instead of 25 cents: rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to increase the duty on
fur hat bodies, or frames, to 25 per cent, ad valo-
rem, instead of 90 per cent, ad valorem: adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to strike out 7 per cent.
Jul valorem on chronometers, watches, and parts of
watches, and watch materials not specified, and in-
sert 20 per cent, ad valorem: adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE moved t.) amend, by inserting
7Í per cent, ad valorem on jewelry not set; and 20
per cent, ad valorem, instead of 7 per cení., on
jewelry set, &c: adopted.
Mr. MEDILL moved to insert 124 per cent, ad
valorem, instead of 1 per c«nt, on diamonds.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out the whole clause.
What use was there, he asked, in taxing diamonds?
Mr. Smith's motion was rejected; and the ques-
tion recurring on Mr. Medill's motion, it was
adopted.
On motion by Mr. PARMENTER, some veibal
amendments were made, to make the clause im-
posing duties on timber more certain and intelli-
gible.
Mr. ALLEN of Maine offered an amendment,
providing that all manufactured wood should pay
a duty of 20 per cent, ad valorem at the p'aces
where imported.    Rejected.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out 5
per cení., in the 178th iine—being the duty on rosr-
wooci, satin-wood, mahogany, and cedar-wood—
and insert 25 per cent, ad valorem.    Rejected.
Mr. J. then moved to make the duty on satin-
wood, mahogany, cedar-wood, &c, 20 per cent, ad
valorem.    Rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to amend, by insert-
ing, after sawed timber, inline 169, "timber to be
used in building wharves, and for fire-wood, so as
to impoje on ihe.m a duty of 30 per cent." Re-
jected.
Mr. CUSHING moved lo insert the words, "and
all other unmanufactured wood, not particularly
dfscribed or enumerated, shall pay a duty of 15
\et cent, ad valorem "   Rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN moved to insert, "on timber
to he used ia the building of wharves, and nre-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"wood, 20 jvr cent, ad valorem."   Carried—ayes
7G, nos-; not counted.
Mr. ALLEN of Maine moved to amend, by in-
serting 20 percent, ad valorem, instead of 5, on
rough boards, staves, scantling, and sawed timber
not planed.   Carried.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend, by
inserting, "on rose-wood, satin-wood, mahoga-
ny, eedar-wood, &c, 15 per cent, ad valorem," in-
stead of 5 per cent.
Mr. PICKENS moved to amend the motion, by
inserting 25 per cent.   Rejected—ayes 65, noes 78.
The question recurring on Mr. J< hnson's mo-
tion, it was adop'ed—ayes 87, noes not counted.
Mr. FILLMORE moved an amendment, in-
serting a duty of 25 per cent, ad valorem on un-
manufactured marble.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to amend the amendment,
by inserting 30 per cent, ad valorem; but this
motion being rejected,
The question was taken on Mr. Fillmore's
motion, and carried.
Mr. IRV1N moved to insert 30 per cent, ad
valorem, instead of 25 per cent., for the duty on
siates, paving tiles, bricks, &c.: rejected.
Mr. GAMBLE moved to strike out 30 per cent,
ad valorem, being the duty on dolls and toys of all
k.nds, and insert 10 per cent, ad valorem: rejected.
Mr. MEDILL moved to strike out the proviso
that all buttons not exceeding ih value §1 per
gros.5 ¡-hail be valued at $1, and be charged with
duty accordingly : rejected.
Several verbal amendments to the fith section
were adopted, on motion of Mr. FILLMORE.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the duty on
"sulphate of barytes" was fitted at 20 per cent, ad
valorem, instead of IJ cent per pound.
Mr. CUSHING moved to strike out "one-fourlh
of one percent, per pound," and insert 5 per cent,
ad valorem, as the duly on rags: rejected.
Mr KENNEDY of Maryland moved to strike
out 35 per cent, as the duty on paper-hangings, and
insert 25 cents per pound: rejected.
Mr. READ moved to reduce the duty on anti-
quarian, demy, drawing, elephant, and other paper,
from 15 to 10 cents per pound: rejected.
Mr. SALTONSTALL offered an amendment
imposing a duty of 15 cen's per pound on all paper
not enumerated: agreed to.
Mr. CUSHING moved to strike out the clause
imposing a duty oa "rsr|s," so as to leave them
free: rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to increase the duty on
English books biund, from 20 to 30 cents p?r
pound; and on English books unbound, from ]G to
20 cents; and, also, to insert a provision reducing
the duty one-half on books published longer than
one year and not reprinted.    Adopted.
Mr. J. R INGER80LL moved to strike out the
clause providing a duty of 5 cents per pound on
polyglots, lexicons, and dictionaries, so as to place
them on the same footing with olher booki. Re-
jected.
Mr. CUSHING offered an amendment in favor
of lexicons and dictionaries of a less form than
quarto.    Rejected.
Mr. M. A. COOPER moved to exempt bibles and
spelling-books from duty.    Rejected.
When the Clerk read the section imposing aduty
on svgars,
Mr. SPRIGG ro e and said he wished to rffer
an amendment, and wished lo explain ¡l.
The CHAIR said it would not be in order for
the gentleman to speak.
Mr. SPRiSG. Then, as a freeman, I disdain
to offer an amendment whilst my tor.fne is tied,
pnd I cannot say anything as to its merits.
Mr. MOORE offered a proviso authorizing (be
Secretary to cstab'ish an icsp.-c.lion of sugar and
molasses in order to prevent frauds on the revenue
by (be importation of .-.-agar under the name of mo-
lasses, &c.
Mr. C JOHNSON 85k?d for an explanation of
the amendment. As it was, he could not under-
stand it. [Mr, J.'s voice was here drowned fey
cries of "order," and the question was taken ]
Wr. Moi re's amendment wa* adopt-d.
Mr. BOYD moved to strike out two and a half
cents per pound as the duty on "raw sugar, com-
*
monly called brown sogar, not advanced beyond
its raw state by claying, boiling, clanfyug, or
other prccess, and on sirup of sugar or of sugar-
cane," and insert 20 per cent, ad valorem: rej'.cted.
Mr. BLACK moved to insert, after the word,
«process," in the preceding paragraph, "20 per
cent, ad valorem," so as to leave the duty on sirup
the same as beforo, whilst thai on brown sugar
would be reduced: rejee'ed.
Mr- S. MASON moved to strike cat the clause
imposing a duty on brown &ng-.r: rejected.    
Mr. FESSENDEN offered an amendment, the
effect of which would be ¡o reduce the duties oa
sugar: rejected.
Mr. MEDILL moved to fix the duty on molasses
at 20 per cent, ad valorem, instead of five cents per
gallon: rejected.
Mr. KING of Georgia moved to fix the duly on
molasses at one and a halt cent per pound, instead
'of five cents per gallon: rejected.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to fix the duty on
sirup Jof sugar or sugar-cane, not costing more
than three cents per pound, at one and a haif cent
per pound: Tejecled.
Mr. FILLMORE offered a number oí verbal
amendment.-', which were adopted.
Mr. F. offered an amendment which (he said)
had been omitted in printing the bill, imposing du-
ties on coffee.
Mr. WARREN wished to understand it. [Cries
of "order."]
Mr. Fillmore's amendment was adopted—Ayes
75, noes 54.
Mr. READ moved to strike out the clause from
line 33 to 38, the effect of which amendment would
be to take oft' the duty on the cheaper kinds of tea:
rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out the
entire clause, so as to leave was free of duty.
Tellers weie demanded, and the motion was car-
ried—75 in the affirmative and 53 -n the negative.
Mr. WISE proposed to insert, in lieu thereof,
the same clause, with the duties reduced when the
ameles are imported in American vessrls, and in-
creased when imported in other vc-tseh.
The motion was negmived.
- Mr. M. A.  COOPER moved to substitute a
clause to lay an ad valorem duly of 20 per cent, on
all teas, from whatever place imported.
Mr. WARRES suggested the addition of "cof-
fee."
The amendment was negatived.
The 3d clause of the 8'h section being then un-
der consideration—
Mr. W. W. IRWIN moved to strike out Ihe
word3 "roll brimstone," so ?.? to leave that arlicle
free of duty; which was not agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE, by the direction of (be Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved a variety of
amendment , which were agreed to as follows: to
change the duty en cloves- from 5 to 8 cents per
pound; ground ginger, from 2 to 4; ginger in
the root, from half a cent to 9 cents-; indigo, from
15 to 5; opium, from 15 per cent ad valorem, to
75 cent - per pound; ar.d dates, from 2 to 1 cent
per pound.
Mr. EVERETT moved to incrsaw the duty on
copperas and green vitriol, from 1 to 2 cents per
pound; which was agreed to.
Mr. SALTONSTALL moved to add "and
other mercurial preparanons," alter the word "cal-
omel;" which wig agreed to.
Messrs. BUCK, SALTON3TALL, W. W.
IRWIN, and KING, proposed a variety of amend-
ments, which were rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE propoAed an amendment to the
fourth clause of the section, bv increasing the
ad valorem dwy on "ail other olive oil, not salad,
and not o.herwisespec,ued,"frorn 15 U.20 percent;
wh'cii nw agreed to.
Mr. J R. IXGERSOLL proposrd to change the
ad valo em Ju.y on starch, from 25 per cent, to a
duty ( f two cn.'s per painel; which  a¿ agreed lo.
An t a/so the duty on inaPuf.-cnir's of coik, from
twelve cents per pound, >o an ad valortin duty of
3') per cent ; which .vas acne d to.
8>me oiner unimportant amendments were
adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE, ¡a (¡icfif.ii clause of tbesee-
