had been reported to the House yesterday evening,
as amended in Committee of the Whole.
The bill having been taken op, the question was
on seconding the call for the previous, question
made bv Mr Bronson.
Mr. FILLMORE requested Mr Bronson to
withdraw the call for the previous question, to en-
able him to offer an amendment from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BRONSON assenting,
Mr. FILLMORE offered the following amend-
ment, which was read:
Strike out all the provisions relative to unmanufactured
wool, and insert Tirst, for coaise wool unmanufactured the
value whereof, at the last port or place from whence imponed
to the United States, shall be spven cents or under per pound,
there shall be levied a duty of five per centum ad valorem, ai d
on all other unmanufactured wool, there shall be levied a djly
of three cents per pound and thirty per cent ad valoiem Pro
Tided, That when wool ofdiffeient qualities of the same kmu or
sort is imported m the same bale, b ig oi package, and the ag
f regate package and the aggregate value oí the contents of the
ale, rig, or package shall be apprai ed by the appiai eis at a
rate exceeding seven cents per pound, it shall be chaigtd with
a duty m conformity to such appraisal Pronaed, Jurtlte ,
That wh.n woo] of different qi illtip* and different kinds 01
eortsisimportedrnthesamebale bag or package, the contents
of the bale, bag, 01 package «hall be aijpra sed at the value of
the finest and most ^ tillable kind or yort, and a uuty chaiged
thereon accordingly Provid d, further, That if bales ot Uif
ferent qualities are embiacedm the =ame invoice at the same
price, the value of the whole shall beapprai^ed according to the
value of the bale of the be t quality Provided, further That
if any wool be imported having in it dirt, or any other material
or impurities other than those naturally belonging to the fleece,
and thus be reduced in value to seven cents per pound 01 un
der, the appraisers shall apr raise such wool at such puce as,
in their opinion, it would have cost had if not been so miv°d
with such dirt or impurities, and a duly shtll be charged
thereon in conformity to such apprai 1 Provided also That
wool imported on the skin shall be estimated, as to weight and
value, as other wool
The question on seconding the rail for the pre-
vious question having been taken and carried—
Mr ROOSEVELT called tor trie yeas and nays
on ordering the mam questm; wh'ch having been
ordered, the vote was taken, and re¡>ulted m yeas
98, nays 102, a-, follow:
YEAS—Messis Adams, Allen, LantWl W Andrews, biier
lock J Andrews, Appleton, Arnold, Ayerl ', liibctek, Hiker,
Barnaid, Birdseye, Blair, lioaidman, lío den, li igg^, Biock
way, Bronson Burneli, Wiljnm Bitter Calh urn, thorns-, I
Campbell, Casey, Chittenden, loan C Clark, St icy N Clark",
Cowen, Cranston Cravens John Edwar's, Evere't revenden
Fillmore, A L Foster Gates, Goi,gm, P G Goo e, Grange!,
Green, Hall, HaUted, Howaul, Hudson, J It Insreí oil, James
Iivm, W W Irwin, James, Idiac D Joe a John P Kennedy,
Lane, Linn, McKuiran Thomas 1 Mauh d', Samson Maoon,
Ma'tocl-s, Maxwell, Maynard Moore Mo gan 'Minis, Monow,
Osborne, Owsley, Pean c, Pt-ndlaon, Pipe Powell, Ham ey,
Benjamin Randall, A Randall Ranrblph, Ridgway, Rodney,
Wm Russell, James M Russell, Salfons all, blade Tiuman
Smith, bolléis, Stanly Stokelj, StrattOji, Alexandei IT li i-tu
art, John T Stuait, simmer 'I W Thompson Till n hast
Toland, Tomlmson, Tiunbutl Van liens ti íer, Walhce Wash
ington, Edward D White, Joseph I Wl ite, Tcei b. L Wil
hams, Yoike, Augu^tu^ lounr and iohn Young—OS
NAYS—Messrs Amngion, vtherton lieeson, Hidlack Bhck
Bowne, Boyd, Brewstei, Au<n V liiovn, Challes Biown
Burke, Simpson II Bullei, William O Butlei, Gietn VV Cal t
well, P C Caldwell, Jul ' am) bell Cauith-n Caiv Cliap
man, Cliffoid, Clinton, Ciics M A Cooper Cusan, D-niel,
Richaid D Davi Daws i, Dea , Deberry, Ooan, iloig i ist
man, John C Edwards, Joi G í ivd, ChalcsA T"l< yl Tor
nance, Thomas F Tester Garni e G nliy Geny Wi liam O
Goode,Gordon,Graham, Gusime Gwin Haim, Hiy Ililme ,
Hopkins, Ilouck, llouslon Huluru, II inter C J li 3-full,
lack, Cave Iohn°on Jihn W Jones Kem  li leliel l Abra
ham McClellan, Robert McOlellau, Mclvay, Mclveoa Mai oi>,
Marchand, Alfred Tlaisha I, I r blasón, Maihews Meltll,
Muiwether M'lei, Mitchell, Nov,hard, Parnieiiter, Patndge,
Pickens, Pluiner, Read, Retine, Ren her, Rt-ynoHs Rigs ,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanfoid Siunleis Shaw, s el s \\ II am
Smith, Snyder, Spnsg toteemul ^un ter, laliafer o hob
Thompson Turney \anBuien Wa ei in Vv, ¡r lomes W
Williams, Christopher H Wi'liams, and Wood—1 2
So the House refused to order the main qnesUon
to be now put.
Mr. FILLMOTtE 'hen rema>ked the bill would
have to lie over till Monday. Hesesges'eii tosome
gentleman, who had voied in the negative, to move
a reconsideration oí the vote by wh a the House
bad refused to order the mam quc.tion.
A motion to that effect was accordingly made by
Mr C. H  WILLIAMS.
The question \ v taW by ye?s and n?v% and
the House agreed to reconsider—yeas 110 nays
104.
The main question wr* then ordered to be put.
The question wa< 'hei ta'-en upon tHe amend-
ment of Mr FILLMORE, offered 'his morning as
a sub.utu'eforibecMuse on unmanufactured woo!,
and H was concurred m.
The date of toe commencement of the act was
altered from the 30th of June to i's passage.
'Jfne amendment of the committee increasing the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duty on blankets from 25 to 30 per cent, was nega-
tived—yeas 105, nays 115
The ameridmeat of the committee, increasing
the duty ot) woollen and worsted yarn, was agreed
to—yeas 119, nays 106.
The foili wiEg amendment was cafceurred m:
The duty on thread lsc-s and inseitmgs was
changed, by striking out ISi and inserting 15 per
cent, ad valorem
The fohowng por'ion of the 10>h cte ne of the
1st section was then concurred in, as airended—
the words enclosed withm brackets being stricken
our, and the words in italics inserted:
"On lacea gt lloons, tresses, tasselb, knots, andstais of gold
orsdver, fineoi h if fine, and on all embroideues ot gold or
silver threat!, woikul with the needle, on cloih or other fabric,
excep ^ilk, of whatever mateual or materials composed when
doñeo i j arts or pomons not constituting a finished article,
[twelve and a half ] fifteen pet cent ad valorem, on all [other]
anieles embioideied in gold or silver, fine or half fine, when
finished, other than cHthm? [ready nade 1 tw nt> pei rent ad
vaioiem, and on clothing [ready made] finished in whole or
in pari, embioidered in guld or silver, fifty per cent dd valo
rein "
The 21 section was next in order, and the first
clause stood thus*
! First On cotton unmanufactured, a duty offthiee cents]
ttcenfyper cent [pei pound]ad valoiem "
The question wss on concurrence with the Com-
mittee of the Whole in us amendments ti^e pans
between brackets being understood a¡s striiken out
of the onginal bill, and the words in italics in-
serted.
Mr. GAMBLE called for the yeas and nays
which were ordered* and resulted—yeas 91, nays
111.
So the amendment was not concurred in
!n the second clause, the Committee of the
Whole had stucken out part ot the proviso, a% fol-
lows*
"/Second On all manufactures of cofton, or of which rotten
shall be i component part nut oihenvise specified a dut> of
Unity per centum ad valorem, excepting such cotton twi"t,
>ain and thread, and such othei articles is are herein pio
vided for Provided, That all manufactures of cotioo or fi
winch cotton stint J be a component pait, not d>ed, colored,
pnrted, oi paired not exctedm¿; m value twenty cents per
squaieyaul ^liall bt. valued at (wen y cents pei squ^ie ya.iL.
[and if exceedirg m value twenty, and rot evreed ng in v due
twenty five cents per square yaid, shall be valued a* twenty
five cents peL square yard ]"
Mr TURNEY cal'ed for the yeas and nays on
the qneM on or concurrence; they were ordered—
yeas 193, n^y^ 16
The rema>nmg part of the clau*e was concurred
m, as amended by the committer, as follows:
'An1 if dyed, colored, pnnfed or stained, m whole or m
pait, nit tACer hn0 m value tliiity cents the square yaid, shall
bevalnedat thirty icnfq per sqinr yird, excepting velv ¡g,
coid , moleskin^ fustians, buflalo cloths or goods manure
tnred bv naj ¡nr? or laibins, cutting or sheaim-? not exceedn g
in value [!i fly] th ? ty fize cents the equate y aid wh ch shall he
valued at \nfiy] thirty fivp cents per squaie yaid, and duty be
paid theieon accordingly '
The thi d claas-e was alio concurred in as iol-
low^
il7hnd Ah cotfon twist, >arn, and thread unbleached and
unco ot d the tr t value oi v>bibh a' the place wi ence ¡m
poi' d shall bo le -? tf«n sixty cei ts rcr pnu 1, slnil! o v lucl
at six y ctn s pei } ound an 1 sha 1 he chaiged with i duty oi
twenty live pet centum ad vilorem, all bleached oi toloudcot
ton twist, yarn and thread, tie t ue value of Yr ii^h, at the
1 i ice whence mi >oited ^hail [excet,! sixty, an i] be U s tl jn
seventy hve cei ls [U p atrd p! all ba value \ i{ s^,vent> í ve
ceit1- pei pi m d md piy a duty i :verity live per Lt.nl jm ad
v^lortm ali [b tacue-l c r i  i r   ¡]o/« r          tw «t yarn   "nd
tlneat' to p N ro it i iv sc, [the vrt|uL of winch si aii c ittd
«sevLiity fi e '•ents i er ( ou i i a the pla^t wherct- mp ci ]
sha Ip ) a<u vof [ wenty five] IhiUy pti < e i am [on iu ac
tual va ue! ad icio tm
The first cUuse of the 31 section was concurred
in as amended, as follows
S'nke out—■
r st On ail i tic esol (.T o i i kb and satire ^ 'k velvet ,
ar \ si k ana «at! n nbind^ e^cepi bolt n rl ítii^ of silk i 'utyi t
thirt> per ier aim valojom on 11 mar ufictuies-oi iIk and
siU and &a in=, an ' dkand satin i ¡¡lane's ñguied, sfn¡ed or
In oa le 1 ar d < islkeloves ? ockm^s, andeocks a duty oftnir
ty five per c^n'iirn ad vabrcn on ¡silk crapes, lact«, &law1(;
fah des and gau/c \ h ther (lain tnped, orbio-aded, a duty
of firry pei- cen um a J valorem, on \\\ manufactures of silkai d
cotton c mbioel a duty ofthir y pLr rentam ad valorem lio
iidtd, lhat il any of the ameles- afo'e^aid si on' 1 be m \td
wi li gold silver oi o her me al, they shall pay the same on y
al valoiem a? 1  1 evein in } < sc 1 on c H or satins oí the chai
acter of those of wh ch they are in part uompo^ed
And m-icri.
"Fi7<tt Ot"1 all manufiituies of síU nototl envide ^pec ñt i
excepf bol i g cloths fvvj dollars and fi ty ten s peí poun i of
s xteen o inf« on i k b( i'ing cl iths, twenty per cei turn ailva
lorem Provided, That if ary silk man-uficture sha 1 Le mixed
with gil i or Silver, or ether metal, u shall pay a duty of thirty
I er ceatura ad valorem*51
nt
la the second clause of the same section the duty
was rpdnced by the committee from 03 to 02; and
on "silk caps for women, and turban*, ornaments
for head dress, aprons, collars, cap1', cuffs, braids,
carls, or fnzettes, chemisettes, mantillas, pelerines,
and all other articles of s-ilb made up by hand in
whole or in part, and not otherwise provided ior,"
tbe duty was. reduced from 40 to 30 per cent, ad
valorem.
In the third clause, Man'lla, Sunn, and other
hemps of India, weie reduced from $35 per 'on to
$25, cod'lla, or tow of hemp o- flax, from $25 to
§20, sail duck from nine to ten cents p-r square
yard; unmanufac ured flax from |40 to$20 per tonj
and bags made of gunny cloth, not exceeding*tho
capacity of two hu'hels, were exempt d from duly.
These amendments were all concurred in.
In the first clause of the 4th section the House
c^ncurted in the amendmsnts of the committee, by
which ihe duty on iron m bars or bolts, not manu-
factured in whole oi in part by rolling, was reduced
from 018 to 017 per ton, and on bar or bolt iron,
made wholly or m part by rolling, from 030 to
027 50 per ton.
Mr. BOTTS called for the yeas and nays on the
latter amendment; and, on being ordered, they re-
sulted as. follows—yeas 140, nays 80.
The House concurred in the other amend-
ments m that clause, and also those in the second
clause
A number of further amendments made in Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in without a
division.
Oi the question of concurring in the amend-
ment to strike out 1 cent per pound, and insert
5 per cent, ad valorem, for ihe duty on raw hides
of all kinds, whether dried or salted—
Mr. EOT fS called for the y°as> and nays, which
were ordered, and, on taking the vote, resulted in
yeas 107, cays 90.
Various amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were <>greed to, without opposition.
When tbe Clerk read the clause imposing a duty
on tea and coffee, which the committee had ¡stricken
out,
Mr SMITH of Virginia oiled for the yeas and
nays en concurring with the committee in their
amendment. They were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 118, nays 68.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN rose before the vote
was announced, and said he was accidentally out
at the moment his name was called. Had he been
pre->ent, he would have voted ay.
So the amenlment was concurred in, ard tea
and coffee are left by the bill among the unenume-
rated articles.
The 10 h section in the original bill reads as
follows.
Sft, 10 And be it further enacted, Tint, O" al! articles not
lutun t mmei iu.d (i pinvitlf 1 fui, there sti ill be levied, col
Ícete t and pa'fl a duty of twenty pel centum ad valorem
In h-u of the above, the Coiim ttee of the Whole
piiposfd 'o subc note the followirg
' On a'l low o< tut nanu ■ictot^d aid"1'"' not herein enume
rated or i tow td 1 i Itiere th ill be trvied colieued and palo,
a dulv of live 1 e¡ ce"'u ^ al valorem net on it1 articles man
uf me! m\ i led in pa t, not her a enumeiaied or pro*
vit 1.1 fot, i duty of it n > five r <>r cen am ad vatorein '
ihe quCadon r~t>ur<ed upon agreeing with the
comm t   e in the'r amendment.
Mr CLIFFORD inquired whether it was not
divisible
The SPE4K5R arswred thpt it was not.
The House then refused to "orcur m the amend-
ment of t^-e r im-nii'eo   a)es 99, noe  109
Thp Mil ou s ,on w;s on seciions 12,13,14,15,
and IG, w ucn vere mt.olucel into the bill, in
Cor,n-i'ieeef tbe Whol  The 12ih seclio , from
and ader the lit Julv, 1843, in addi ¡on to the du-
t e? imposed b/ this act, levi d a dntv of twenty
per centum on such dutie-f, on manufactures of
silk, or whirh «..Ik is a component pan, on lace of
every de'cripi.on, bleached or \. bleached linen,
broa^Ho he, co ting it the place from whence
mported, more than one dollar and sixty cents
per square yard, ¡eady-madeclothinir, boots, s,boes,
and hatt-, en cut «lass, distiller' sp rits, and wine of
every description, imported ei.her m catks ot but-
V
