CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/
765
the provisio&s of the bill, argued that the one al-
lowing a bounty to the wives of the settlers would
have the most salutary influence in effecting a per-
manent settlement, for the presence of their lam-
lhes would bind the settlers to the soil. He also
showed that the hardship;, and pnvations to be en-
countered by the settlers would justly entitle the
women to the compensation proposed to be given
them, and, in support of his argument, narrated
some instances of heroism displayed by females ía
the early settlement of the Western country, which
had a most happy effect in stimulating the courage
and enterprise ot their male relatives.
Mr. POPE regretted very much the violence
with which bis friend from Maryland [Mr W. C
Johnson] had attacked this bill. In fact, the gen-
tleman seemed to have gone off half-cocked against
the provision in favor of the women. Mr P.
thought that a bounty in lands, was the best way of
rewarding men for defending the Territory, and
cited tue example of Vi'gtma m the Revolution,
who gave to those settlers who went into Ken-
tucky, and rescued it from the Indians, bounties
of the finest land6 in the State near Lexington and
Louisville. The State was unable to send tioopi
enough to defend the Termor}, and found tba
giving bounaes of land to armed settlers was the
cheapest and most eflectual mode of accompli hn g
the object in view. Sir P explained, and advo-
cated the details of the bill, contending that, by
encouraging the men to take their families with
them, a more permanent settlement would be ef
fected Men who were not able to buy laud,
would be willing to fight for n, and, by g vmg
th«ir wives a sufficient inducement, they would be
willing to go wiia them He remembered, s >me
years ago, when going to Arkansas, he fell m with
a number of families whj were on their way to
Texas. He stopped and had seme conversation
w.th tnem, asking them it they weie willing to
run the hazard of taking their families to encoun-
ter the dangers and hardships of that new country
They answered thai they had never been m the
country, but tliey had good rifles, and wtre will-
ing to fight for their rights, and, by Heaven, they
would have them.
Mr P , after explaining what would be saved to
the Government, in a pecuniary point of view, by
passing this bill, expressed the hope that its friends
would not kil' it by debating it too much.
Mr. LEVY then addressed the House in favor
of the bill, and took the ground that its passage
would be th  most economical, as well as eflectual,
mode of ridding tae Tern ory of ti e Indians. The
advantages to be gained would be the acquisition
ot five millions of acres heretofore abandoned to tbe
Indians, and ten millions .no.e s/hich were now un-
settled, because ot the hazard of settling them It
would also add muca to the productive wealth ol
the country, by facJita mg the settlement and culti-
vation of the rich lands of Florida, which could
produce in abundance all tbe neces«ary supply ot
sugar and coffee, and other tn p cal produc.ions,
for the consump'ion of die United States
Mr. L argued in favor of giving the proposed
bounty to the wives of the sealers, not only on ac-
count ot its being due to them for the hardships
and privations they would have to encounter, bet
because this inducement to families would gi?e per-
manency to the settlements.
Mr STANLY expre sed himsel'' favorable to
the passage of the bill. He thought it a gord
measure, and, strong as was nis oppo*ition to Mr
Tjler, he thought htm entitled to tae credit oí hav-
mg recommended it.
Mr. HABERSHAM and Mr. KING of Geor-
gia also sustained the Lii'
Mr. UNDER ,¥00D opposed the bill.
Mr. GRANGER icgreued th«it he had to vote
against a Territory on tuto o casion He feit com-
pelled to vote agams the b II He referred to the
sums which Flonda bnd cost the Uo on—$5,000,
000 to buy it, an ! i.ear $23,000 000 spc. 111 its
defence. He wa* Willi g o dclcnd tie lVrr'toiy,
and had no objection to giving the settles a quar ei
section of land; but he feared lest great frauds should
be commuted on the Government. Siiculd the bul
be passed, thousands would go to Florida when
tbe frosts set in in 1843, and locate their lanl. He
regarded ihe scheme only as a neu-iaii^led mode
ot allowing Ihe lands of the Governmái t to be
plundered.
Mr. ¡aTOKELY said he was aware that the bill
was obnox oas to objections en account of some o'
its provisions He thought, however, that the die-
advantages and pecnliai circumstances of Florida
should weigh in its iavor. Every other expedient
had been tried, and fulled to succeed The aimed
occupation was recommended ¡.y the military, by
the President, the department, and the committee,
and he thought it should be adopted
Mr HOLtóES thought the sjstem proposed m
this bill was the oest that conld be adop'rd. The
history ot the Fionda war wa^ remarkable, and
the whole story had yet to be told. The Indians
alone, he did not believe, could have retailed pos-
esión of the Territory, m cpptsilion to the mili-
tary fore-1 of the Unite! State*, for six months.
He believed there were p r?les and marauders
from the coast, who coulc1 live in the svpmps as
weil as the Indians It was tbtir advantage todo
so, and to prolong the war, on account of the
traffic they carried on with the Indians in ammuni-
tion, provi ions, &c He contended that, m a
financial point of view, it was best to give away a
part of the Goverr.men* land, in order to secure
tue rest. By the armed occupation, the capitalist
aad the true laborer would be protected He re-
lated an anecdoie of a Yankee in Vei ntut, who
owned a large body ot land, and offered to give
eveiy alternate thousand acies io any man who
should come and settle it Wi h his force a*-d capital.
Getii-uu-. as it s-emed at fi st, it was, in tnt end,
far from bepig a grit, Tne seed s,o#>i scattered,
aid produced fruit sixty fold Trie same policy
•hiuld be adopted by the Government m relation
to Fio ida
A war With Mexico had been plluded 'o, and,
as inuci as they affected to despise it, it would be
one of the most serious events that eou d hippei
Memo could not march an army to íuvidi nt,
but she could fn out or commissi m privates-, >, and
then this Tern'ory would be of vast ltnper anee.
He dwelt on this subj-ct some time, a1 d then point-
ed out the consi.quei.Ci, ci a war wi h a gea'-L,.!
""povvei—Great Bii'am Suppose Cuba became orie^
of the tt mional possessi ns of G e?,i B-itau who
could tell hut one of the first ac s, after a declara-
tion of war would be to poi r an armed foice into
this Territory irom Cuba and Jamaica?—and then,
it the northern men eai ednvn to that si ene oi
conflict, 'hey woo d Bid ttec upied by men vsho,
unlike themselves, weie '>ecust med to the heat of
an African run It becai ethisG verntnent, then,
to put thatTetniory under sorre «ecure regulations
Mr W. C. JOHNPONn plied that tue settlers
W( uld not go c i the iront e , and lheref( re the
gentleman's argumen > wire o> out iitt e t irce
The frontier was a sai dy divert and, instead of
p ssessmg such land, th* «ettiers vould go to the
tavn es of rivers., vhtre there were the best ugat
tands i! the world It was a boanden duty nhuh
he o ved to the country to con est th s oi 1 in a i i s
satc , but if in ienilem-n' arguments wne
•>jo¡ h anything, wh¿ did th y i ot i>i ive a t amend-
ment to oorifi íe the settler;  to th  seashurt, «here
thi-y could take csie of the wrecker 1
Tac doctrine had been £ii ancd, nat iKy must
have peace at th« expep eeitemt ry Herrgrctt-d
the exprés ion of such a die i ne at a pened when
such weighty mat'er << e.e m negotiation at the
other end of the avenue H  hoped the corrmit
¡ee houi a eeidto om  pract eal -"id reallv a e-
fu  ■ d nece s ry Ie tsla n&, ind or thatpt,ipv
he nouW nove that this b 11 be iaid aside  m nu
th" committee m ght ake up the nex oil1 on the
calendar.
u"i ADAMS desired to ^a., ? few wor¿s on tois
bill, and th r^oie u.e n,o ion ¡cm naJe was wtih
dra i. II t ¡en commen aa on tn^ word ' pr -
t c ion," Uoca in Client the c íwh ch na I o e i tr-
puci on t us saLject, and iiquitej wiyToili
wa¡> mere ea'iued u' ptotecuo.i" than Mass , u.
setta.
tie also prom sea io renew his remarks on that
matieron a future occasion, for it it vasunconst tu-
tional when applied to the labor of the peep e of
his district against the assaults of foreign nations,
how ccald it be constitutional when applied to the
people oí rionda? The expenditure of money for
the protection of the people of Florida, however,
was no objection, m his mind, to this bill, for it was
the duty ot the Government to protect the people in
every part of the country. Protection was correla-
tive to ali< giance, and he would vote for it if
it cost ten times as much; ha*, in this case, he deem-
ed a less amount ef moi ey than had been and was
being expended, with p oper treaty and diplomacy,
might induce the few rea<aining Indians io remove
to some other place west of the Mississippi, and,
theiefore, he «as of opinion that this bill was not
calculate 1 fo answer the purpose contemplated.
Mr POPE f irther addressed the committee in
support of the b 11, and m rep'y to Mr. Johnson's
obj ctuns.
Tae qaesiion was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
motion, whan the vote was ayes 60, noes 41.
No quorum voting, the commit te rose, and re-
ported the fact to the House.
Mr. ADAMS then moved a call of the Hou e;
which motion being rejected—
Tne SPEAKER ascertained, by count, that a
quorum was present, and reported the fact to the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland moved that the
bill be ¡aid aside, and that the committee take up
the bill next on th* list.
On ihis question the vote was—ayes 57, noes 61.
No quel urn voting, tne committee rose and re-
poi ed me fact to the House.
Mr. MORGAN moved a call of the House;
whicii was earned, aid, on calling the roll, it ap-
peared that there were 128 m mbers present.
Tne absen ees were then called, when it appear-
ed that 153 members were present
On moti i by Mi LEVY, further proceedings
under tbe call wcv dispensed will), and
The question was again taken on Mr Johnson's
motion, a  d t w<>s rejected—ajes 60, noes 62.
Mr EVERETT then moved an amendment, to
linut th>, qu-a ity of land to be taken for settle-
ment under the bill to 200,000 acres.
After so re fuuher remarks troraMessrs. JOHN-
SON and McKAY—
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON offered the fol-
lowing pmendmer t-
Prm i led That -10th ng he em cortamed shall be so con
stun lastn srant to any settler any other pnvilege ü-an those
allowed by the lawof lhc4th ol September, 1641, 0raiHing cer
tain puvueaea t) J re empuon aetlkre
Mr LEVY opposed the amendment, and de-
nominaied it ¡>n effort to play with and kill the
bill. He appealed to the Hou^e, in consideration
of the delay of the business of the Territories which
his consti uen s had elt o sorely, to reject the
a   endmetit
After ssme rema'ks from Mr WM COST
JOHNSON, m favor of tne amendment, it was
>ejected.
Mr. EVERCTT then offered an amendment to
toe l i'l, pre vidiug 'hat before an/ person shall be
ciiU '. d to tne be icfit of t s a< t, he snail first sign
an eil straet t, sUcii a M al1 be piescnbed by the
S-cretary of W. r, bmi1! ,g himself to perform such
. oui of militar/ duty a bill be pi escribed by
th commaaiing officer in Florida, and, incase of
rcfa«al, st all urfeit he benefits acquired by this.
act Mr E "aid ne regarded the b II as nothing
n-ore r r le< thin a scherre for a lat d speculation,
the ben«!i s of w i"h wuuld not b> ei ,oyed by the
people oí Fio \w
Alter some remarks" oppfsi ion fo this amend-
ment by M- SIOXFLY, and m i s fwer by Mr.
GRANGFR it w<>   - jeci'd   ayes 54, noes 80.
Mr CVERSTf 'h u effered , i amendment
a i rZ £t,tpre >nt o ti < Unt ed States to
r U( <lii inn vairior who shall surr nder on
oi a-er ihe is. of Julyrext, and shall emigrate
Ktonl ue M sis,i.pi ¡M 000, and a'so to every
pe on who shall ] - ^ e ach Indian w-rnor
to em giate, $200, . ml ¡bat t*-e sum of #100,000
be appt prwt d m defi-y the expersc ol the said
seneader and em gret on
This amerdm-ni was jejected.
Mr   ADAMS tl.eu off  "A an amendment pro-
viding that the Ocmmissioner of the Geneial Land
Office ¿.had, pnoi to the lot of Tanuarj, 1844, re-
