768
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bills for the relief of Sarah Woodward and Samuel
Collins.
The bill for the relief of Jacob Enler, of Mary-
land, came up, as in committee of the whole, on
aa adverse leport of the Commiuee on Pensions,
and was rej'ected.
The bill tor the relief of Esther Johnson, widow
of Col. James Johnson, deceased, was considered
as in committee of the whole, reponed to ih- Sen-
ate, and, after a few lemarks by Mr. GRAHAM
in explanation of the bill, and by Mr. WRIGHT
in opposition to it—
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, it was postponed
till to-morrow
The next was the House bill No, 111, for the re-
lief of Joseph L. Caldwell.
Mr. CRITTENDEN called for some explana-
tion of this case.
Mr. MERRICK, chairman of the Committee on
the Post Ofhce and Post Roads, explained the na-
ture of the claim.
It appears that, some ten or eleven years ago, the
then Postmaster General entered into a contract
with Mr. Caldwell for carrying the mail on one of
the Virginia posi-routes; m which contract three
conditions were sta'ed a-, contingencies, that would
enable the Postmaster General to make ceitain
changes, or withdraw the contract.
In 1833, the Postmaster General ordered a
change to be made, as to the number of da>s in
the week the mail en this route was to be earned,
and the mode of carriage for portions of the year,
such as that it shou'd be by stage for one period,
and by horse route tor another. There not being
any of the three special oases contemplateá in the
conditions of contract, but for which changes the
Postmaster General withheld a portion of the con-
tract pay. Mr Caldwell paid no regard to the direc-
tions of the Postmaster General, bat held on to
his contrae!, fulfilling it with the intent of claim-
ing the full pay.
The present bill was reported by the Post Office
committee of the'Hon^e of Representatives, vi nh a
strong recommendation in, its favor, on the princi-
ples of strict justice. Tha House passed the Mi,
and sent it to the Senate, where it was referred to
the Senate Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads; which committee reported it back to the
Senate wi h an amendment, referring ilie question
of the legal power of the Postmaster General, un-
der the post i flice laws, to order the change, di-
rected, and if he found no power existed, the claim
to be paid.
The committee hid sime doubts on the sub-
ject; some members of it bebeving that, although
for the laat six years contracts haii been uniform-
ly drawn so 'as to give the Pust.nasier General the
right to make what alterations the good of the ser-
vice requires, it was only done io avoid disputes
like this, and not because ihe pracuce oí thejie-
partmen', belore exeicised, was not authorized.*
The subject was debated by Messrs. CRIT-
TENDEN, MERRICK, BUCHANAN, and Mc-
ROBERTS; afitr s/nicb, the bill was amended as
propjwd by the commutes, read a third time, and
pafsed.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM, the Senate then
aeljouraed.
HOUSE OP REÍ nESENTATÍVES.
Tuesday, .inly 19, 184.2.
Mr CASEY awed ¡eavo to o flu the i jliown g
resolution.
Rcsulvedhy tl/> Senate andllou&e of Tiepirsc laltvr? of
*he LiutedbiaU&tjf America eft C iijiet.^ assembled, ihu
the ttt ) Koiiaei, \ t alj mm, ttiue die in Motidiv, Augt. t 1,
at 2, ji m
Mr. FILLMORE said he must object to the re-
ceptun of taerc-i •. non H c u'd not consent
to see «iny pío¡>r t on fo¡ an aijournoient enter-
tained at il is uov\
Mr. CASE/ sa>cJ, tht-n the gentierran objec's.
1 move a suap-ricion of the ru'e«, in irder to re-
ctivt and consider tie resolution.
It having been suggested that it won't! b" out of
order to consider tins icso.ut.on, since theie was a
special order for to-day, (the busine s 01 ihe Terri-
tories)—
Mr- CASEY moved that  the special order be,
for the present, postponed. He also moved a call
of the House; which was ordered.
One hundred and fifty-seven members answered
to their names; when,
Oa motion of Mr. POPE, further proceedings in
the call were dispensed with.
The question was then taken upon the motion to
postpone the special order, for the purpose of re-
ceiving the resolution above quoted, and resulted
in the negative—yeas 81, nay  84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Arnngton, Bidlack, Birdseyc, Black, Board-
man, Bowue, Boyd, Brewster, Milton Brown Charles Brown,
Burke, Sampson H Butler William Butlei, Green W Cattl-
well, Patrick C Caldwell, Ga iioun, John Campbell, William
B Campbell, Cary, Casey, SlaleyN Clarke, UiflVd, Clinton,
Cole*., Mark A Coopej, Cro s, Dean, Deberry Doan, Doig,
t astman, Egbert, John S Floyd, Charles A Hoyd, Gerry,
Gilmer, Goggm, Green, Gvin, Hastings, Houck, Houston,
HubarJ, Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Linn, Littlebeld, Abraham McClellan, McKay,
Marchaiul, Alfred Marshall, Mathews, Medil!, Millet, Mitchell,
Moore, Newhard, Owsley, Patridge, Pearce, Pickens, Plumer,
Reding, Reynolds, Roosevelt Sanfiird, Saunders, Shaw, Sryder,
Steenrod fohn f Stuart Jacob Thompson, Turney, Wanen,
Washington, Weller, James W Williams, and Christopher
II Williams—81
NAYS—Messts Adams, LandaffW Andrews, Sherlock J
Amhevvs, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Blan, Buiden,
Bnegs Brockway, Brooson Jeremiah Brown, Burnel], Thom-
as J Campbell, John C Clark, Cowen Cravens, rushing,
Gatrett Davis,RichardD Davie, Everett, Fessenden, Iillmme,
romance, A L roster, Gates, Gentry, Giddings, P G Goode,
Goidon, Granger, Hall, Harris, Hopkins, Hudbon, Chaites 1
Ingersoli, Joseph R Ingersoll, James, John P Kennedy,
R ibeit McClellan, McKeon, Mallory, Samson Mason, MUiiot,
Mattocks, Manwell, Maynard, Menwethei, Morgan, Morris,
Morrow, Osboine, Parmenter, Pope, Powell, Benjamin Ran
dall, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, William Rusiell, James M
Russell, Saltonstall, Shields, Truman Smith, Stanly, Alexander
H H Stuart Summers, Taliaferro, Richard W Ihom-ison,
Ttllmghast, Triple , Trumbull, Wallace, Edward D White,
Joseph L White, Joseph L Williams, Wiie, Wood, \oike,
Augustus Young, and John Young—84
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr. POPE, the House resolved
usell into a Committee of the Whole on the state
oí the Union, (Mr. Giimer in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of business appertaining
to the Territories.
U£r. J. R. INGERSOLL moved to take up the
bill for an additional appropriaaon to defray the
expense of the Territory of Flonda.
Mr. H. DODGE said he must object. He
thought me Territories should be taken alternately.
H ■ moved that the commi tee take up the bill for
the protection of commerce on the western shore
of Lake Micmgan- agreed to.
The bill apptopnates money for the construction
of harbt ro in Wisconsin Territory
Mr D. addressed the commatte for "ome time
in earnest advocacy of the bill. He explained the
circumstances of the Western people on Laks
jíiLiiigan, and urged this measure as one of n-cev
«Hty to the protection of their commerce against
loss.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said he regretted to be com-
pelled to oppooe a measure brought foiward by the
Delegate from one of our Territories; but he cou d
not divest himself of the fact, that at this moment
drafts were lying, lor antecedent debts, under pro
test, to a very great arnoun'. They were not now
urged to make appropriations for a debt due, but
to enter upon new works and contract new debts,
to pa? v/hich there «as not a man on that floor
thai would say ihey had the means This was not
tl e time to un lertake internal improvement-., either
m tl e States or Territories, it was quite enough to
keep existing works from dilapidation, but those
no  proposed were entirely n<w He knew his
fru nd from Wiscons n [Mr Doduí.] would say
ttiat here there was a bou.<dury lire tv expend ture;
but i.ho l-«sd been here any length of time, and had
noi seen that those btund. rj- i,'es v.ere purely mi.
aginary? Wi h pertaps one exc^p ion, ad t>en
public worVs had greatly exceeded the on&m«u
etumate. The expend tuies for the Boston cu -
tt m house, p* an illu trauon, bad increased from
$50,000 to $1,0(10 000. The first top, after all,
wa> thi one lo test their virtue, í.nd he repre-
hended, if they got into this thing, they would find
it a hf i J mat er to coanne theni^plves to first <s"-
mrt.es. Bjt i he could see the end of th  expend-
iture, in the present state of ihe puslic treasu y he
shculd not ¡eel justified in voting lor ihe commence-
ment o! new works.
Mr. DODGE, in reply, gave a variety of statis-
tics to show the number of lives and the amount
of property that were annually sacrificed for want
of these harbors. He was ui derstood to say that
from the year 1834 to 1841, 118 lives had been
loss-, and the loss of property in that period was.
estimated at a million and a quarter of dollars, or
f 130,000 per annum; which was more than suf-
ficient to construct the two harbors.
Mr. REYNOLDS defended the appropriation, in
reply to the gentleman from New York.
The debate was continued by Messrs. JOHN C-
CLARKE, FILLMORE, GRAHAM, POPE,
HOWARD, and GRANGER.
Mr. GRANGER then moved to amend the bill,
by striking out the appropriations for the harbors of
Racine and Southport, $95,000 each, leaving that
for Milwaukee in the bill. He expressed himself
as favorable to appropriation* for harbors, but
moved this amendment on the ground that it would
be impossible to pass appropriations for the har-
bors of all those towns. He was willing to have
an approprntion for Milwaukee alone, rather thaa
incur the risk of losing the whole bill.
Mr. ARNOLD said that, in consequence of the
veto, the stale of the treasury, and other considera-
tions, he should be compelled to vote against the
bill.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland addressed the
commit'ee in favor of the bill. He concluded by
offering the following as a proviso to the 1st sec-
tion, (Mr. Granger having temporarily withdrawn
his motion:)
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated in tlus
act «hall be paid, umessCongre-.- stall pass a bill, at its present
session wl ich shall become a law, pioviding lor an imposition
of dunes on lmpoi ts
Mr. R W. THOMPSON spoke m favor of the
bill, and in reply to the ob¡ec;,ons urged against it.
He was followed by Mr. BARNARD on the same
side.
Mr. MATHIOT, Mr. GRAHAM, Mr. R. W.
THOMPSON, and Mr. J. C. CLARK conunEfd
the debate.
The question was then taken on the amendment,,
and it was negatived.
Mr, ROOSEVELT moved to strike out the
words ' out ot any money in the treasury not
otherwise appropriated," and insert "out of the
pioeeeds of the sales cf the pub'ic lands," This
was a mere change of the source whence this
money was to he obtained.
Some conversation on this amendment ensued
between Mr. ADAMS and Mr. ROOSEVELT,,
and the amendtiitnt was rejected.
After some conversation amongst several mem-
bers of the committee, it was ag'eed, as an amend-
ment, that the money by this bill appropriated
should be expended after the topographical corps
had selected and fixed he location of tbe harbors,
after exqminat'on and survey.
Oa the motion of Mr. RODNEY, the Secretary
of the Treasury was bubstitated for the Secretary
ot the Navy, as the superintendent oí vBese expend-
iture's.
Mr. McKAY renewed the motion previously
made by Mr. Granger, to strike out two of the
harbors menlianed ,n me bill
Mr. KKJNJNEDY of Maryland called for a divis-
ion of the queston.
After some further remarks from Messrs.
ADAMS, ROOSEVELT, DODGE, ant* other ,
ti.e bi'l was laid ¿wde, to be reported, and the fol-
lowing bills, were then severally passed upon-
The bill for the iclief of certain settlers in Wis-
consin.
The bill granting to the Territory of Wisconsin a
certain quanta? of land near the town of Pairplay,
in *aid Territory.
The bill gran ing to tamers and owners of min-
eral lots the right of pie eruption.
The bill granting to the county of Johnson, in
the Territory of lows, the right of pre-emption to
a quantity of lar^d for a seat of justice for said
county.
'ihe bill granting preomptnn rights to settlers
on the Dubuque claim,(so called,) in the Territory
of Iowa.
The bul to provide for the completion of the
penitentiary m the Territory of Iowa.
The bill to piovide for tbe payment of the Iowa
militia called into service in December, 1839.
