CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
770
Not oaly were the seventeen squares, covering 541
acres, reserved for the vae of the United States, but,
of the 20,272 but ding lots, one-half were given to
the United Stales, and all the property held by the
Government in the city  is free  from taxation
Mr B. saw goid reason m all  ibis why Congress,
should tata this city under its. fostering care   Up to
1820 thjs Government uniformly charged   itself
•with the duty of constructing, pavi g, and repair-
ing the sheets, and m an evil hour the citizens ex-
pressed   a   wibh   to   take   upon  themselves   the
important duty of  ^elf governmen , end  thereby
encumbered   themselves    wi'h an  ontrous debt
which   has  proved   their  ram.     All   that   they
ask  in   this   bill   >s,  not  that  you  sha'l   open
the streets and keep  them m   repair,  but  that
you simply pave the Pennsylvania avenur—wh ch
was originally done by Congress, at the expense cf
the Government.   Tie annual expense of light n?
the avenue, afer this year, will not be more than
#1,200
Mr. B then wept on to show that the streets all
belonged to the United States The Supreme
Court of the United State*, in the caoe of Van
Ness, (winch was d scut ed b/ the ablest counsel,)
decided thit not only the reservations, but all the
streets, were the prooerty of the Government, and
that the Government could «hut up or dispose of
any of them when it bought proper He thought
tt a very small mat cr, indeed, uader the circum-
stance , to ask Congress to light up the Pennsylva-
nia avenue, which was a thoroughfare for ihe na-
tion.
bill.it -was reported to the Senate, and, being en-
grossed, according to order, was read the third time,
and passed
Mr   BAYARD moved to postpone the previous
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill provi
ding   for the repair   and repavmg a portion of
Pennsylvania avenue.   The motion wa  disagreed
to.
House bill entitled An act for the relief o
Benjam n P. Hard, came up in order, a;, m com-
mittee of the w* ole. The bill M\ opposed by
Messrs CRITTSNDEM and SEVIER, and de
fended bv Mr MERRICK, when, on mod n of
Mr CRITTENDEN, it was laid on the table
Then,
Oa motion of Mr CONRA !\ the Sena'e pro-
ceeded to the consideration of execu ive business,
and, after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE Or? REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 20,  1842
Mr. COLES asked leave to efllr the following
reso'ution-
Resolved, That the Clerk of this Hou&e cause to be piepared
and printed 10 000 copies of the aggregate population of each
county m the several States, taken ñom the returns of the 6th
census as corrected at the Department of &tate, setting forth m
sep-nite columns the free, the slaves, and the fedeial or repre
sentative population of each county-
Mr CAVE JOHNSON and others objected, and
the resolution was not received.
On motion of Mr. POPE, the House resolved
itself into Commntee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr Gilmer of Virginia in the chair,)
for the purpose of considering business relating to
the Territories.
On motion of Mr COWEN, the bill for the re-
lief of James M Morgan was takx'i up and read;
but Mr. STANLY and others objecting that it
was not properly Territorial business it was laid
aside.                                         \
On motion of Mr A. C DOD^E, the bill fixing
the boundary between the Territory of Iowa and
the State of Missouri was taken up and read.
Mr A C. DODGE then called for the reading
of the report in this case, and it was read.
Mr. POPE made a brief explanation of the ob-
jects of the bill, and the circumstances connecled
with the introduction of the boundary question into
the legislation of Congress
Mr. EDWARDS of Musoun succeeded him,
and a Idressed the committee at length in support
of the claims of his Slate. He entered into a re-
view of the whole subject, giving a description of
tne territory in dispute, and an analysis of the
claims oí the Territory of Iowa and the State of
Missouri He said that Missouri was one pany to
this case, and ihe United States the other, and not
Iowa, that this was a case peculiarly for the decis-
ion ot ihe courts, that Congress might proceed to
define the boundary, but that decision would not
be conclusive on Missouri; that her decision would
be conclusive on herself, it Missouri concented to
it; ar>d being conclusive on the United States, the
decision would also be conclusive on Iowa, as
Iowa looked for her entire interest to the United
States, that Congress had the power to settle this,
difficulty, by designating the true boundary, and
that she ought to -e'tle it, as it would be settled, in
the courts of justice, that the old Indian boundary
was not the true northern boundary of Missouri,
that the parallel of latitude passing through the
mi Idle of the "Des Moines Rapids," m the Missis-
sippi river, as assumed by the Commit ee on the
Territories in their reports, was not the true bound-
ary. What, then, was the true boundary' The
State of Missouri insisted on the parallel of lati-
tude which passes through the "rapids of the river
Des Moines," at the Great Bend in said river, as
the true boundary. He expeeted to show this by
arguments and by evidence, but, before he intro-
duced bis evidence, he wanted to examine one
other questior  I' was important to decide whether
the act of Congress authonzirg the formation of
thi State, or th  constitution of the S'ate, was the
controlling mstrumen', Ho then went on to show
that the constitution of the State was ihe control-
Lng instrument—so far, at least, as the boundaries
were concerned, and this was sufficient for the
present    This was important in explaining an am-
b'guity in the constitution.
Thn point established, he went on to give the
evidence fixing the boundary et the rap<d"=, in the
Great Bend He showed thit the crnvention
which fram-d the consu'ution of Missouri behevfd
there «ere rapids in the Des Moires. He showed
that there were r«ip ds in the Des Moines He
showed thit there was nothirg entitled to the ap-
pellation of rapids below the Gr at Benl in the
Des Momes He shoued that ¡he rap'ds in the
Great Bend had a depth of .about e ghteen inches
water at low-water wark, a fall of about two f>et
in eighty yards, a rapid current, and .hat tie chan-
nel ot the river was reduced m nilth frum five or
six I undred f*et to about fsrty feet, and that the
fall was about thirty times as great as the average
fall in the "Dns Mome* Rapids" in the Mississippi,
that the first shallow below the Great Bend, owing
to the direction ot the river north, was on nearly,
and piobaoly exactly, the same parallel of latitude
w th the rapids at the Great Berd, and that it was
650 fett wide, and with slight curr m, and thf t
tne shoal next and east in descending the river
had a gravel oo'tom, was wide, and had but lntle
current, and, in consequence, no pre'ensions to be-
mz a npid
He went on 'h*n to answer an argum rl of the
Committee on the Territories. That argument was,
that, in describing ihe northern boundary, the con-
stitution did no call a second time for Ihe "rapids
of th; river Des Momes," and, therefore, that the
rapids were not in the northern boundary. Mr.
E showed the reason of this. Owing to the Great
Bend m the Des Momes, the northern boundary, in
running east, came m contact with the middle of
the mai- channel of the D°s Moines several miles
before it reaetted the rapids, and then changed its
direction down the mam channel of the river.
Tais was the ground taken m the report of 1840,
but it is surrendered in the report of this session.
The report of tms sesvion lakes the ground that, as
the line runs through the rapids in passing down
the channel of the Des Mome=, they should be
again called for, that, being a prominent object,
and once introduced, it should be again mentioned,
as the line passed ihrough it. Mr. E. replied to
this, that, if the ground assumed in reference to
the northern boundary would hold good, then it
would be equally good in reference to the western
boundaiy He then «hoved that, in th  descrip-
tion of the western boundary, the mouth of the
Kansas river was not introduced, although the
most prominent point in that boundary, and
that, if omitting the rapids in ¡he north-
ern boundary unsettled that boundary, then
the omission of the moulh of the Kansas, in de-
scribing the western boundary, unhealed 'he west-
ern boundary. He showed that the mouth of the
Kansas was introduced to describe the southern
boundary, and particularly to fix the southwestern
corner of the State, and that the "rapids of the
river Des Moines" were introduced to de'ermne
the western boundary, and particularly to fix the
northwestern c rner of the State; and that the
moutn of the Kansas was not introduced into the
description of the western boundary the first time,
and mat the "rapids of the river Des Moines" were
not introduced into the descrtpnon of the northern
boundary the first time, much less a s-cond time
dnd that it was unnecessary to do so. He con-
tended that if ihe rapids had been a termmatirg
point for the boundary, that if ihe boundary had
changed its direction there, that if they had been
made a corner,—then they should have been ex-
pressly named, and that if they had been at any
point in the Dss Moines where ihe northern bound-
ary could have struck them before it came in con-
tact with the Des Momes itself, then the rapids
would have been called for, just as 'he middle of
the ma'n channel of the river Des Momes was
called for To have run the line pcross the Des
Moines, directly to ihe rapids, would have taken
in a narrow strip of land on the north side of that
river It was right to avoid this. The fact lhat
the rapids were not called for, and that, owing to
the bend, the boundary struck the nver before it
reached the rapids, is the strongest argument to
prove that the rapids in the Great Bend were the
Mr LINN thought the corporation of the city
of Washington should be required to furnish an-
nual statement* of its expenditures to Congress If
Congress is to have charge of the streets, it ought
to know what it is to legislate about, and what is
done with the funds authorized to be levied for city
purposes. There is not a city in the world lit np
at the expense of the Government. No other city
in the world but Washington would think of such
a demand. Make St. Louis the seat of Govern-
ment, and "her corporation will not require Con-
gress to lay out one cent on the city. Give the
same patronage of the General Government which
Washington enjoys, to tha city of St Louis, the
city of Louisville, or the city of Pittsburg, and
whichever is selected will not only cheerfully
make, at its own expense, all neces.ary improve-
ments, bat erect the public buildings for the Gov-
ernment, without one dollar of claim on Congress.
Why, iben, should not tbc corporation of Wash-
ington do all this corporation business, wuhout ím-
powng it upon Congress?
Mr. BAYARD explained that the General Gov-
ernment ieceived an equivalent for the advantages
it conferred, in the seventeen reserved squares, and
ten thousand one hundred and thirty-six building
lots granted to it
Mr. LINN was not satisfied with giving the
control of the money to the corporation at all.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested that the object
which the Senator from Missouri had m view
could be attained by an amendment, ihat the money
should not be paid till accounted for to the proper
department
Mr B4.Y4.RDexplainsd that the whole thing
was to be subject to the supervision of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings
Mr. WOODBURY cbserved that, as the lighting
by Congress was to be confined to the avenue, he
would not oppose it, but he desiied to be distinctly
understood: considering the  avenue the principal
Government ihorougnfare  between Congress and
the offices of the Executive Departments, he thought
it not unreasonable to view that circumstance as
some authority  for its being under the care and
supervision  of  Congress.     Besides, it might be
argued, from present indications, that as Congress
was making such rapid strides towards connnuous
session?, n was but right that this main thorough-
fare should  be lit at the pubLo expense.    Pol, if
the  memoers of Congress have to move to  the
city, and  make it their permanent residence, the
city ought to be put m such a condition a* to ren-
der their lives safe at night, in  passing from the
Capitol to tLe public offices.
There being no proportion to furthsr arcend ihe
