CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
identical rapids called for m the consultation Any
rapids, below or above, must have bsen struck by
•he northern boundary as soon as it reached the
river, unless trie next ¡apids below should also be
behind the Great Bend.
He showed that there could be no correspond-
ence between the northern boundary and the < Id
Indian boundary, because the first was a parallel of
latitude, and the latter was not; and he showed
that none was required. lie stated that it was
not the western boundary which was required to
correspond with the Indian boundary line, but that
it was the meridian line, along which the western
boundary ran, that was tequired to correspond
with the Indian boundary. He admitted they cor-
responded by running paiallel to each other, but
contended that the correspondence ceased here.
He showed that they did not start at the same
point: that starting differently, and running; paral-
lel, they could never run on the same track, and
that they could not terminate together—the one
being a surveyor's line, running but one hundred
mile ; and the other a mend'an line, and running
necessarily to the north pole. The two line', d'd
not stari together, as will be readily perceived by
looking a' any correct map The para'le! of lati-
tude passes through the mouth of the Kansas
river, and, in proceeding north, strikes the bank of
the Missouri river, owing to the southeast direc-
tion of the river here, considerably above a point
opposite the mouth oí the Kansas river. The
Indian boundary line starts at a pomt opposite the
mouth of the Kansas river; and, consequently,
some distance below and east of the meridian line,
along which the western boundary runs. Then
they do not and cannot correspond, except in run-
ning parallel. Errors m &>ap making, and incor-
rect legislating si d treaty-makm , if there has bnen
any such, ennot change tv e ci rnututional bound
ary of Missouri. A'l ihe cour.Uy m drpuie, ex
cept about nine miles by «m average cf eighteen
mile*, yet belongs to f-e Indians
Mr. E then mov<d t> strike out al! after the
enacting cLtu^e, and insert, m lieu thereof—
That the parallel of latitude which passes through the lap
ids of the river Des Momea, at theGieat Bend m the *ii ] rivei,
bhatl be the not them boundaiy of the State of Missouil, from
the point wheie it intersects the middle of the main channel of
the Missouri liver, to the point where it entered the middle of
the main channel of the De-, Moines river, and the said north
em boundary line shall run from thence, with the mam chan
nel of the said river Des Moines, to the Mississippi rivei, as
provided in the constitution of Missouri
Mr A C 'DODGE replied to trie arguments, of
the gentleman from Missouri
Mr. McKAY had an amendment which h-
wished to submit, and to which he would call the
attention of the Delegate from Icwa. His vote
would depend on whether the House would adopt
it He would observe that, so far as Io'va was
coBcerned in. this controversy, it was m the pouer
of the House to fix the boundary-line, but with re-
gard to Missouri, the case was otherwise: it was not
in the power of Congress to deprive her of any of
her territorial rghts. The boundan s of Wv-siuri
were fixed by law when she was a Territory; and
what these boundaries were, was a judicial question
for the United Siate  courts to decide The pro-
viso he wished to offer was, *hat this boundary line
should not be deemed conclusive till the L gis'a-
ture of Missoun declared the assent of the Stale
to it
Mr. EDWARDS explained th*t the boundary of
Missouri was fixed by the Constitution, and could
not be altered by any act of the Legislature, with-
out a change of that instrument; and this could
only be done by a convention, or by the vote of
two-thirds of the Legislature, and subsequendy
approved by the peop'e
After some further remarks from Mr McKAY,
Mr. G. DAVIS adorc-sed the committee at
length in support of the claims of ¡he T^mtory of
Iowa.
Mr. EDWARDS replied to ¡V'r D , and went
into an argument to sht w the true Icca'ion of t'ie
rapids of the river Des Womes
The debite was fur her continued by Messrs.
A C DODGE and EDWARDS, a'ter which the
amendment or Mr. E. w¿s rejeced.
Mr McKAY offered an amendment, providing
that ta? act should not go into full operation until
the Stale of Missouri should have given its
assent to the line established    Rejected.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
On motion of Mr. H DODGE, the bill granting a
«echon of land for certain purposes on Grant river,
was takenup,and laid aside to be reported.
Also, on his motion, the bill granting the right
of pre-emption to certain settleis in Wisconsin
wai taken up
Mr. DODGE offered an amendment, which was
adopted, the effect of which was, to place it on
the footing of the act of Sept. 4, 1841.
Mr. STANLY then withdrew his objection,
heretofore made, and the bill was laid aside to be
íeported.
On motion of Mr. LEVY, th  following bills
were taken up,, considered, and laid aside to be re-
ported:
A bill making additional provision for the Ter-
ritorial expenses of Florida
A bill making an appropriation for the public
buildings in Florida
A bill making an appropriation for fitting up the
ground in rear of the s^a-wall at St. Augustine.
The bill to provide tor the payment of the Flori-
da militia called mto service in 1839 and 1840, was
taken up. Several gentlemen calling for it, the
report was read.
After some conversation and explanations be-
twten Messrs BRIGG% LEVY, FILLMORE,
STANLY, POPE, GRANGER, GÍDDINGS,
and WARRE'V, the bill was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House.
Mr LEVY introduced a bill to establish a new
collection district in Florida, the necessity of which
he pointed out, by «howmg tint the two existing
collection districts w re locptcd atextieme points—
one bt mg at Key West, leaving an liiterrnedipte
line of gieat extent without a collection district, al-
thouah there was much commerce in that region.
This bill the committee lefused 'o iepi.rt.
Mr A. C DODGE called up a bill to provde
for tiit pajmehtof the Iowa milma called into ser-
vice in 183Í) Ttie bill was iajd aside, to be re-
ported, and ihe ctmm tee rose, and reported the
bills 'o tht. House.
Mr. ADA MS inquired what became of the bill
which the committee had refused to report.
The SPEAKER, after some observations from
Mr. ADAMS ant Mr GILMER, replied that thr-
ill remained on the calendar, and «mid D« called
up at a future period.
Tne House then concurred in the amendments
which the committee had made in the "bill for the
protection of commerce on Lake Michigan," and,
on the question of enerossineni,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the %eas and
nay*; which being ordered, resulted—yeas 68,
nays 60.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The following bills weie disposed of in liko man-
ner.
A bill to authorize the selection of school lands
m lieu of those granted to the half-breeds of the
Sac and F"X Indians.
A bdl to grant pre emotion rights to settlers on
the Dubuque claim (so called,) in the Territory ot
Iowa
A b.U to extend the riphi of pre-emption to cer-
t\in settlers ,n lova, and for oiher parposes.
A b.U to extend 'he right of pre-empu<n to cer-
tain setttero in Wisconsin, and for other purposes.
A bill for the relief of certain settlers in the
Territory of Wisconsin
A bill p ranting to Wisconsin a certain tract of
l?nd for the benefit of the town of Fairp'ay.
The bu! granting to miners or owners of mineral
lots the right of pre empticn, was next in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay at on the
Ub'e.and called for tne jeasaod nays thereon; bu1,
on taking the vote on that motion, it was found that
toere was rot a quorum present.
The House Then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 21, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sál-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, m compliance with the act of 10th Februa-
ry, 1820, covering the annual statements of ca-
rneree and navi?,atinn,
Mr. HUNTUNGTON moved that the uiual
quantity be printed. The motion was referred to
the Committee on Printing, which reported in fa-
vor of the printing. The report was agreed to.
Then,
On motion of Mr HUNTINGTON, 2,000 cop-
ies additional were ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR presented a petition from W. G.
Burgess, administrator of R. C. Ragland, praying
the allowance of a claim for supplies furnished to
the army of the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr KERR presented a petition from James
Dixon, praying for the settlement of his accounts
for work done on the cusiom-house at Alexandria:
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr CALHOUN presented tour petitions' from
Jacjrson, Leon, and Calhoun counties, Florida, in
favor of the admission of Florida as a State into
the Union, and a donation of public lands: refer-
red to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from Mid-
dlesex county, Virginia, in favor of free trade, and
against a tariff. Mr. C. said the petition was re-
ceived here during his absence from the city, and
was forwarded to him at his residence, and was
only returned yesterday evening.
Mr. CALHOUN called the attention of the Sen-
ate for a few moments to ihe letter of General
Harrison, at Zanesville, appended to one of the
resolutions referred to in the petition. He wished
the Secretary to read the letter, and for Senators to
give it an attentive heanmr. The letter was in,
support of the compromise act.
The Secretary then read the resolution and letter
as follows;
Revolted, That when the late Wm II Ilai neon was elee'ed
to the Presidency, under the tolemn pledge "that he would
ne\ er revn o the tariff, but, on the contrary, wou d support the
compiomiseact, and would never consent to its being altere4
or repealed,"* we had the strongest assuiance that the prom-
ise of man coull afford that our country would be freed from
that onerous system—at least during the foul ycais of his
I're^dencv, and those of us who sustained his election upon the
faith ofthote plulges, and co operated with his partv under
the confident tipectanon thnt they would be fully ledeemed,
i annot but reg-ud with feelings of pi ofound astonishment ami
rr«ietthe utter repudiation of those pledges by the maiority
ol the pai ty since his death
'"Zanesville, Ivov a, 1836
"Gentlemen   1 had the honor, tins moment, to receive your
communication of yesterday    I regret that rry remaiksofyes-
teiday were misunderstood in lela'ion "<          anff system
What I meant to convey was, that I had been t. warm advocate,
ol that system upon l's first adoption, that I still believed m
the benehts st had conferred upon the country, but I certainly
never liad, uol ever would have, any idea of revivingit What
I aid wa=¡, that T would not agree to the repeal as it now sunds
lo other words, I am for supporting the compromise act, and
never w 11 agree lo its bang altered or repealed
' f i relation to the internal improvement system, I refer you
loi my sentiments to my iettei to the Hon Sheirod Williams.
WM  II  HARRISON.
"Messrs Dostler, Taylor, and others "
Mr. Caihodn observed that the Senate had
now, in that letter, in the most express and solemn
form, ihe declaration of General Harrison that he
never would agree to change or repeal the com-
promise act. Whatever doubt theie may be as to
tae course he would have pursutd in reference to «
a National Bank, there can be none now as to his
course m reference to the compróme act. As
far at least as tne question of tariff and adhe-
rence to the compromise act is concerned, the death
<■ of General Harrison has presented to his support-
ers no impediment that would not exist Mere he
living. Were he now alive, he would have acted
as Mr. T>Ier has acted; and, m consistency with
his own declared prmc pies, ke would be bound to
act as Mr. Tyler is bound to act The party
now in power supported Geneial Harrison through-
out the Presidential canvass, on the grounds of bis
acknowledged principles Here he has placed
them beyond doubt on ihe vital question ot tariff
and tv e compromise act; and he (Mr Calhodn)
tvould «ubrmt it to the gentlemen on the other
side, whether tbey do not stand r¡e<.'?ed, by
the terms of this letter, to the support of the
compromise act; and whether that pledge would
not be grossly and palpably violated by the
House bill now before the Committee on Fi-
nance. There is in that bill a provision whi<-h is
virtually a repeal of the compromise act.    With
