CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in
House on 'his vriy irnpotftant question—very im-
portant as toa leading m|ere$t of th  country; and
he proceeded to show why tire extension of the
bankrupt law was just afid const.tutional.
What, he asked, was |he4ruc character of the
debtor corporation, uaderWr institutions? As the
stockholder was not maderable, what was 'he real
liability"? Wby.it the barjVrupt law were extended
to these associations in iheengency of Us apphca-
t on, it would consist, in nine cases out of ten, of a
body of promissory notes held by the corporation,
against a number of in dividuals, consisting mainly
of the efficrrs and fr ends of the institution, or of
the friends of its ¡ ffic^rs. Andws there anything
in the Constnu'ior 10 exempt that class from lta
bilKy? './hysuouid he debtors to the^e mstim >ons
be permitted to roam at larse, and defy any inter-
ference, while the debtors of individuals were to be
held liable? He shou d think this con ideration
would sausiy ho House that the law should be
extended to these met rporat oin. But they had a
duty to discharge, b sidts parsing a bankrupt law
Ttic Constitution (' cl  ied that Congress and Con-
gas only, should hive the power—and the object
c< uld only be accomplished by the eKercse of that
power—'o rr guíate the yalue of money of the
United Sa'e . How were they to do thi^
Were they to say tna' they could do it by
affixing a urifonn tiamp <n their issues? That
decirme might ha\e done in the dark or mn-
d!e ajes, but it would no* do no f Money meant
every speeds of nonoy— ot <retcl> go d, silver,
and copio-, lut pa^r.il^o. If, then, U v.rs the
duty of Congnss to icf i'ljte more), was it not its
di.ty to prevent t! e exTCtse of a power elsewhere,
which, in effect, de 'io.,s f-e regal tion of t"~e
standard o' value, so f">r as Us pectn ary value
ty-s concerne A Coold it bo sup,osed that Ine
fraracrs of the Cons' tunen, e eiy line of which
v,as piegoant with fore-, gbt, mten 'ed that they
should be content wih a mere 101a of words'
Could it be imag ued that those wise mrn intended
¡ha Were should be uch a s'a'e ot things as was
now found to cais—one itarrard in one State,
and a vi^e y cVI^ent one n another? and even a
wi£'ion,oa he opposite sides of a river of from
1 to 50 per cent, w the va'ue of the d< liar, sj
CPllerf* No, they in ended the porfer given 10 Con-
gress to be carried otu in seme way or other
Ke ihpn proceeded to poiut out exerci es rf
power under the C limitation, wh ch would justify
the enactment which h° ?dv%cated
Mr. R reRrred t) mother provision in the Con-
stituti n wt ich was violated by the irregulaii us
ot the bankirg system, an-t that was t'w no 8 ate
shall pass any law imp?iwig the ob ig<>tion of con-
tracts The expan i us «ud (omricturs of the
circulatirg medium—totitracts bib g made when
the circj'anon wis hi„ i, f nd enforced when it was
low—-ipeta'ed as a pt if< ct violat'on of that provis-
ion in the Coast: ulion Mr. R went on to show
tDat Congress v a~ n ' performing its duty when
it neg'ected to prov ¡e pjainst suets a «ta'e of
things, and that it wrs not (as bound to do by the
Constitution )regu'a mg the value of the money of
the United S p e , '•or ihe -omu ere rf the U"itf d
State', while n -ufte td such eVordf rs in the cur-
rency to prji j i l .i >"g lo'it ihe 'and Mr. R i ext
went on to s^o < the irju'i us nT c's that the ex-
pans ons an ' eontrpc ons ot the binks had on the
Munnfa ut' f i'i' resscf thee untry, and that
wV" the ri-pWaciu °is were vainly seek ng a
remedy 'hrrrnh i huh fr ff, the only way to cure
th* evil w>s to ?fp' V bai kicpt system to the
banks, ?rd rus j ut 't . at (f their power to cause
these fl to' 'att ins v f. ch have proved so injurious
to the nanu'acljrinj; u tce^t
Anxious t) take hie sctc of Ihe House on this
question, he had pn  h A p re o'ation as a sahsti-
t He for that of theJjd'cary Committee, and bo
■\'cnld rt ■; subra t it'o fie FIius> He had sub-
mu'ed it to sevr, 1 ne uhcis of tuth political par-
ties, wh i now agiced «i 1 hi™ n the propriety of
sotj'Cirgmonc/el c to.rr. ion' o the provisions
of the runkrup' sjstnn, trd be hoped that the
question would he talea on it at once. Mr R
then re/d the following íesoluu b as a substitute,
hy wav of amendment, to the re olation of the
Judiciary Committee:
Resolved, That the report be recommitted, with instructions
to the Committee on the Judiciary to prepare a bill, to take cf-
ftct Wllhm a reasonable Lime from the passage of it into a law,
containing a uniform system of bankruptcy, applicabie to
moneyed corporations, to be reported to Congress at its next
session.
Mr. R , after a few more remarks, concluded by
moving ihe previous question.
Mr. BARNARD moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on ihe table
Mr. ROOSEVELT said that, as this would be a
test question, he would call foi the jeas and nays.
The yeas and na>s were accordingly ordered;
and, on taking the question, it resulted in yeas 76,
nays 103, as follows:
YCAS—Messrs Arnold, IÍ ibeock, Barnard, Barton, Black,
Blan, Hoaidman, Botts Bnggs, tirockwiy, Milton Blown, Jere
miah Blown, Burnett, Sampson H Butlei, William Butler,
Cilhoun, Tohn Campbell, 1 nomas J Campbell, Caruthers,
Ch Ids, Chittenden, John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, James
Cooper, Cross, Debeiry, Fillmoie, Gamble, Gentry Giddings,
Gitmt r, Gian^ei, Houston, Howard, Joseph It Ingei'ioll,
Times, Isaac D Tones, Tohn P Kennedy, King, Lewis, ¿inn,
Mathiot Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Mor
row, O&bornt, Owsley, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Randall,
Ridgwa\, Rodney, W Russell, J M Russell, Truman ¡smith,
Alexander H II ¡Smart, John T Stuart, Summers, Taliafeiro,
John B Thompson, Richaid W ihompson, Tohnd, Tom
hnson, TiiplettjTiumbutl, Warren, Washington, Edward D
White, Joseph !■ White, Chustophei II Witiums, Yorke,
Au uitus\oung  and John Young—70
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, LandafTW Andrews, Slier
lock I Andiews Airington, Atherton, Bnllack, Bnu->e)e, lior
den, Boyd Brewster, Bronson, Anon V Brown, Chaites
Brown iiurke, William O Butler Green W Caldwell, Patrick
C Caldwell, William B Campbell, Caiy, Casey, Cliflord, Maik
A Coupei, Cowen, Cianston, Ciavens, Cuihing, Ganett T>\
vis Rirhaul Ü Davib, l)ean Doan, Dug Eastman, John C
Fdward<, Egbeil, Fes^enden, John G Floyd Challes \ Fioyd,
Ton anee, A L Fusiet, Geny, Goggin, Fatiick G Goode,
William O Goode, Gordon, Graham, Gnstlne Hams Hajs,
Hopkins, tlouck, Hudstn, Chalks T Inffeisil!, William VV
Irwin, Win Cost lohnson, Ca\e J hnson, Kenn Littletiel 1
\braiam McClidlan, Rolieit McClellaa, McKay, McKenn,
M^ichand, A'fied Mai?hall, ^amson Mason, Mithews M dill,
Mi ier, Mitchell Morris, Newhard, Parmenter, Patiidge, Pen
dltton, Plainer, Read, Reding Rencher, Reynolds, Ruít*,
Rogéis, Roo evelt, Sanfird, Sannlers Sh iw, Sheppen),
Shield Snyitei, S|iugg, stanly, Seeniod, Sttokely, Sweney,
Jacob Tho npson, Flllmehasi ruiney, Van Buicn, Wallace,
Waid, Weller, James W WilJ ams, Joseph I. Williams,
and Wise—103
So the House refused to lay the resolution on the
lab'e
The previous question on Mr Roosevelt's mo-
tion havina been seconded by the House, and the
mi'ti que tion ordeied—
Tae yeas and nays on the main question were
Colled for by ..eveial, ai d oidered.
The SPE\KER said the main question would
be on the adoption of the report and resolution of
the Committee on the Judiciary, the previous ques-
tion cu ting off tne instructions.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to lay the report and res-
olution on the table; which ques'ton was decided
in the negative- yeas 77, na>s 103.
M". FILLMORE hoped that one hour would be
appropriated to tt.e ree^p'ton of repor s from
cormiitltes which would not cause debate
Afer 'ome opposition and debate, in «h.ch
Messrs. W.C JOHNSON, ARNOLD, anl POPE
took pin, tns suggestion was absented to, and co.n-
niittees «eiecalkdon for reports.
Mr CUSH1NG, from ihe Committee on For-
eign AftV rs, reported a bill f r the renel of A H
Everett: referred to the Cornmitite of the Whole
House.
Mr COSHINQ, a'so, made adverse repor s
upo i the chum of I'^e tiustees ot the form ' bou e
of Lafitte, Par^, and the claim of Cornelius P Van
Ne«s, ]¡>te Mir'ster to Spain
Mr. J COOPER, from the Com-niit«e on In-
d an Affans, repose 1 a 1 ill lor the appo ntn ent of
commi sionTS to asctrt.im 'h° pers ms emu ed lo
reservations of landumhr tie 14ih and 19 h :v-
tides ot Dancing RabbH cefl' treat): reftrred to
the Corrmitiee o, the Who'e House.
Mr COOPER o Penns}lvatiia asked Iravc to
make n report u on ihe lettei of the Secret trj o*
Var, deel mrg o ansv er a resolution of he
House cadmg on h m for mfoimit'on in rtla .on
to the fr  ds said to have been commit cd en the
Cherokee Indivi . He u.ovtd that t'"e report be
receivi d i.nd printed.
Mr WISE objected Deba'e would arise. He
himself in ended to debate the n port
Mr. COOPER moved the p'tvious question on
the motion to print.
Mr. WISE said he would not be cut off in that
way.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped that the rer/ort would be
laid over until to-morrow.
Mr. S. MASON asked if, in reason and justice,
there ought to be a rule which would put it in the
power of any one member to defeat actios on this
question?
Mr. WISE.   Bat there is a rule.
Mr S. MASON said he would not be a party to
any such paltrv arrangement.
The SPEAKER decided that the report could
not be received.
Mr COOPER then withdrew it.
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, rtported without amendment the
Senate bill entitled An act for the relief of ihe le-
gal representatives of John Scott- rtfeued lo the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolut'onarj Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief ot George Rouse, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. FORNANCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Hills-
man.
Mr. RODNEY reported bills for the relief of
W. tVIartiD and A Van Horn- retened to the Com-
mit ee of the Who'e House
Mr BABCOCK repor'ed, from the Committee
on Revolutiorary Pensions, a bill (< r the relief of
Es'her Au£u , and a li 1 for the relief ct W Wii-
h« referred to the Commiitee of the Whole
H iuse.
Mr FO iN \NCE, frcm the Coiirar'ee on Rev-
olutionary Pension*, made an adverse report upon
the p-tition of J ihn B^ ichavn.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Mary Lyon.
Mr BAITER reponed adversely upon the peti-
tion of Eliy.ne'h Crandon.
Mr. B\KER, from the Cimmtttee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, repor ed a bid gr?ntms; a pennon
to John Peak, and a bill gian'ing a pension to
Israel Th im>': referred.
M' JONES if Mary'ani, from the Committee
on invalid Pensions, made adverse reports upon
the petitions of Joseph Brown, and Josiih West-
lake.
Mr. W W IRWIN, from the Committee on
Roads and Cana's, repotted a bill "making appro- .
pnation for continuing the improvement of the
navigation of the Hudson, O no, Missisuppi, Mis-
souri, Wabash, Arkansas, and R d rivers, and of
the harbor of S'. Louis, m the S ate of Missouri.'
Mr. HOLMES proposed to pdd "and the Atlan-
tic tcean"tc  the title of the bill.
The b II was rererred.
Mr. R MeCLELLAN, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a b 11 for the relief of Charles M.
Keller.
Mr MlRCHAND, from the Library Commit-
tee, teponed a resolution directing the sum of
f 304 to be paid out of the conimgenpfund of the
House, to the widow an 1 children of the late David
Dimock, jr, bring the amount which he wuld
have r c ived from the 6th of December, 1841, to
the 13ih January, 1842, the day of hi  death
Mr STANLY cilled for the veas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution, It was adopted—
yeas 102, nays 33, as follow^:
YCV3— Messrs Adams Sherlock T Andrews, Babroct,
Bakei, Bulon, Bidlack, Blan, Boardman, Borden, Bona,
Biewsiei, Brisg-,, Aaron V Brown Teremnh Brown, Biirneil,
Willi imB Campbell, Thorna  J Campbed Casey, Chuten
den T din C Cl nk, Staley N Clarke James Cooper, Cranston,
Cravens Cioss, Cushmg, Girrett Davis Richaid D Davis,
Doig Fllmor% John G Floyd, Foi nance, Gerrv, Giddings,
Goguin, Patrick G Goode, Gor Ion, Granger, Gu tine, Hani ,
Hays H\>ULk, Ilowaid, Hubard, Charles J In^ei^oll William.
W Iiwm, Tames, Keim lohn P Kennedy lann, lattlefield,
\.biaham MfCIellan, Robert McClellan, McKeon, B'archtnil,
Alfred Marshall, Thomas T Marshall, StmbO i Mison, Malhiot,
Mathews, Maxwell, Maynard Moigan, Moms Morrow, New
hard Osborne,Owsley, Parmentei, Patndire, Pendleton Plum-
er, Powell, Ramsay Alexandei Kandal!, Rea 1 Rencher Rids
way, Rnrgs Rodney, William Ru sell James M Rus ett San
ford Shields Tiuman Sm.th, Spnff  Stanly Alexander H.
II Stuart, John T Stuart, Summers, lahafeiro Jchn tí
Thompson, Toland, lomlinson, 11 if leu, Tuiney Va i Buren,
Ward, Cni stopher H Wil!iamc, Wise \oike Augustus,
Young, and lohn Young—102
