CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                        *y£
"*'i." * '<■........'                                                             ''"' '   ■                                                                                                                                                                                                                     .....'........i . 11 ir.,i                               ____________
one from Virginia; so that, if we b?d not the men of
God with us, we had, according to the gentleman's
opinion, the men of honor and honesty. The
gentleman had committed the common fault of
pourting his enemies; but Virginia had always
voted the old Democratic ticket; and if he had
given her the whole 327 appointments, instead of
111, i-h  would still have voted against his re-elec-
tion. The gentleman should be the last to speak
of Virginia ascendancy, for it was through her
Democratic Presidents that he had gained all his
honors. All the h'gh stations he had fil'ed had bfen
cenfened onhim by Virginia Presidents; but though
he might have the certificates of Washington,
Madison, and Monroe, they never cou'd have ac-
quired for him the eonfidence e f the people i f Vir-
ginia. Was it because the gen leman was disap-
pointed, that he now turned round and showed his
hostility to the Stare of Virginia "i
There was another error into which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had fallen. He stated
that Massachusetts had the largest proportion of
common sailois m the navy, and should, there-
fore, have the greatest share of ihe officers. There
the gentleman was mistaken. It was true that
Massachusetts had the largest mercantile marine,
and the largest number of sailors, but they were
not enlisted in the navy of the United S'ates. It
was strange to tell, that at New Orleans and Buf-
falo, on the lake% the greatest number of men
were enlisted. It was, also, a melancholy fact,
that a majority of the «ailor\ in the navy were
foreigners, notwithstanding there was a law against
their enlistment. The sa'lor-s of Massachusetts
were better emplojed in 'he fisheries than to enlist
m ihe navy, and be «¡">ii'fied with the slender pay
and cat-o'-nme-tads of the United S'a'es s rvice
His district bail nearly the wholf number of the
sailors of the State of Virginia, but they were too
profitably employed to enlist m the navy; manv ef
them owning their own vessels, and making $500
a year. It was not umil a war came, when the
native sailors, driven from their accustomed pur-
suits, would enter into our natal seivice.
Mr. W. then tn'ered into a refu'ation of the
statements of the gentleman from Georgia, [?tJr
Meriwether,] examining into hu calculations,
and aiguing to siow that he had commuted great
errors in the views taken by him of the Secretary
of the Navy's report.
He wouldsav a law words in reply to th" gen-
tleman fiom the city ot Philadelphia [Mr. Chas
BllCWN.]
Mr. J R. ÍNGERSOLL said t^at no member
fiom the city of Philadelphia had opposed th.'
navy.
Mr. WISE *a,d he was glad to be corrected
It was not agent'eman from the city, but one In m
the suburb , ot Philadelphia—'he member of the
faubouig St, Ant. me. That gentleman [Mr
C. Brown] had warded the navy that the next
Congress would be composed tf Western men,
who would not feel the same pride in the navy as
was felt by us—not so muchas ■«« felt. Whom did
the gentleman mean by wc? iff ther  had no more
pride than he, the navy would die—bo smrs would
be commissioned—no promsttons made—no ves
seis launched, aad all the workmen discharged.
The sound of the hammer wou'd no longer be
heard, and distre-s i/ould per/. de th  homes of
the workmen.
He rep,led to the objections urged by fh° penile
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. CruRLts Bhow j]
to the pr ceii* admimstiation of the navy. Ti ■
first objection wa-, that ihe mildies were Vo smr-.l
and that they woie long hair; and Ihe second, that
they were educated. Ti  gentleman had told tne
House that he had b=en not only once a skipper,
but also a bcbe-o'.naster. All he (Mr W.) h d to
say was, that the gen'temnn was 1 ke Gold.mith's
schoolmaster, Ti.e only fault of that personage
(said Mr W , after q w ng -. few lines from «"■<■
Deserted VilUge) wrs too much leam-nj. He
feared it Merer wou'J be said ot ihe gentleman,
that the wonder was. "that one smill bead cou'd
carry all he knew."
Mr. C. BROWN. I made no such argten-nt a 
has been attributed to mi*. I -aid that the appren
tices and midshipmen should be educated alike.
Mr. WISE continued, and said that bo.h had
their schoolmasters. The schoolmaster, the chap-
lain, the tu'or, were on every ship. The day was
past when people wondered that a schoolmaster
could "write and cipher too." The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. Brown] he thought did '
not cipher very well in his estimatts and calcula-
tions put forth in relation to this bill, and the ap-
propriations required for the support of the navy.
The gentleman had denounced the naval ap-
prent'cs s-ys'em. Who was its author? Whose
glory or shame was it? General Jackson's. That
man of military knowledge and experience recom-
mended it. It was reported upon by Mr. Jarvis of
Maine, asgood a Democrat as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Now, however, the House was
tuld, m effect, that Jackson and Jarvis were aristo-
crats. This skipper and schoolmaster from Penn-
sylvania tells us that the apprentice system is aris-
tocratic, aim democratic, and a mere press-gsng
system.
Mr. CHARLS8 BROWN pro, he said, to ask
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] ll he was
the author of, or would stand sponsor for, certain
newspaper essays written over the signature of ' A
Friend to ihe Navy." He asked th.s, because the
gent email had in roduced them into his speech as
a refutation of a statement made by himself, (Mr.
B ) For if he was the author, or did so stand
spmsor, h¡? (M'. B ) pledged himself to show to
the House, and to the country, that those essays
were the basest fictions aver attempted to be im-
posed upon any community, although they bore the
stamp of the Navy Depar'mcnt upon them.
Mr. WISE sa d he was not the sulhor, and did
not know who was; neither did he know that they
bore the stamp of the department; but he consider-
ed ihe essays not so far wiong as the statements of
the gentleman.
Mr. BROWN said all he asked was for a re-
sponsible father to the essays, to prove them all he
stated As the gentleman from Virginia had used
them as authority, he (Mr. B.) supposed he would,
if he was not the author, at least adopt ihem; bat
as the gentleman disowned them, and would not
endorse them as true, he had n thing to say about
them All he wanted was a responsible father for
them. He would not debate them with a man of
straw.
Here Mr. BURNELL obtained the floor, and
was about to address the comm ttee, but was inter-
rupted on the ground that he had hitherto spoken
on the question before the committee. After some
discussion on points of order, embracing the ques-
tion of who was entitled to speak, in which Messrs
STANLY, ADAMS, WELLER, W. C JOHN-
SON, McKEON, FILLMORE, and J. P KEN-
NEDY took part, it was decided that Mr. B. could
not speak.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then addressed the
commitiee for some time, in opposition to the
amendment of the Senate, and in favor of the re-
duced appropriation.
He was replied to by Mr. CU3HING, who
defended the Secretary of the Navy and the large
appropriation at length.
Mr. CARUTHERS then obtaired the floor, and
on h mot on the commitiee ro <e and reponed pro-
giess
On m< tion of Mr. YORICE, the House adjourn-
ed at 5 est'ock p. rn.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 23, 1*842.
Mr. BERRI5N presented a peti'ion f-om
Cbarles J J._n«ms and William Williams, asking
that u ciaim due John McKlme, by the Govern-
ment, may be paid to them, they having obtained
ajudgr ent fgAinst him: referred to the Commu-
te11 on the Judictary.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from Dorcas
Seull, a widow lady of Alabama, asking ihe pas-
sage of a law granting her permiss on to bring into
ihe Uni'ed Sutes certain slaves belonging to her,
which were carnc-d by her son into Texas. She is
unwilling to sell those slaves in a foreign land, and
the laws of the United S'ste^ inhibit their return:
refened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from a
number of cit.zens of Northampton csunty, Penn-
sylvania, similar to a number previoutly presented;
by him, asking Congress lo pass a protective tariff:
referreel to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Commute- en the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred a bill supplementa
ry to "An act to provide for the adjustment of titles
to land in the town of Detroit, m the Territory of
Mich gan, and for other purposes," passed April 21,
1806, leported ihe same back wnhout amendment.
Mr. BAGBY, agreeably to notice, introduced,
on leave, a bill to authorise the Solicitor df the
Treasnrv to compromise and settle with the secu-
ndes of John A. Owen, late receiver of the public
monejs at S'. S'ephen's, Alabama; which was reaá
twice, aed referred to ihe Commute" on Finance.
House bill ent.tled An act to relinquish to Wil-
l.am Waller the interest of the United States to a
certain tract of land therein named, was resumed
as in committee of the whole. 1 he bill was amend-
ed en Wednesday last, by substituting an entire
new bill, reperied from th3 Committee on Public
Lands There being no fur'her proposition to
amend the bill, it was reported to the Senate; and
the question being on concuinrg with the commit-
tee of the whole in Us amendment—
Messrs. ICING and BAGBY went into a history
of the claim, with a view to obt?in a reversal of
the decision of the commitite. They argued that
that amendment wci'd do great injustice lo Wal-
ler.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana argued at some length
in favor of the bill as amended
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas pnd nays on
concern ins, which were ordered, and ihe question
being put, it was decided in ihe negatives yeas 19,
nays 20
The bill being enyrossed,according to order, was
then read ¡he third time and p?ssed.
O i motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill for the re-
lief of Mrs Mary W. Thompson, widow ol the
late L'ente .ant Colonel Thompson, of the army of
ih United S ates, was taken from the table, and
Considered, as in commitiee of th' who e.
Mr. B explained tne ca o, and submitted an
ami.mlrr.ent (which wrs agreed to) au bor.zmg the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to audit
and settle other iteais of her claim, as set forth la
Senate document ciled, which were not allowed in
the bill.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; the
amendment was concurred i", and ihe bill being
engrossed, according to order, waa read the third
lime and passed.
Engrossed bill provid.ng for the «-ettlement ot
cliims (or property lost and destroyed by reason of
the rr.ilitJry occupation of ihe Territory of Florida,
carre up on its th-rd reading It was read; .md the
q ie-uon being, Shad the bill pass?
Mr. HUNTINGTON deman led the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; an I tne question being
put, the bill was passed—yeas 20, n^js 16.
The bill for tb; relief of Henry Girdner and
o'bers, directors of -*n assoc.s.hon ca'led the New
England ¡\Iiv.nMppi uatd Compon,, was taken
up, ns in committee of ihe whole.
Mr. CHOA1E expla aed the clam at length;
afer which, the t-i'l was laid on the table till to-
morrow, ¡>t the suggestion of Mr. TÁPPAN, who
wished to make some remarks upon it.
The bill for the re'ief of Thomas O. Muir,
Sh'elds, Turner, and Rcnshaw, Giendy Burk, and
Edward York, and Edward Opden, or their legal
repiesfitatives, was taken up as in committee of
th" who]. .
Mr. SMITH submitted an amendment so modi-
fying the bill as to make it general in its charac-
ter, providing for alt similar cases which may
arise in the St. Helena land district; and p-ovidmg
thaf, in all ca^es where lands are entered, where
it shall not be just for the United Slates to issue
patents therefor, owing to error id the survey, or
confl'cimg claims, it shall be lawful for the persons
making the entry, who are legally entitled, after
demand for a patent, to surrender tne certificates,
before ¡hey can be entitled to the re'urn of the pur-
chase money. The amendment also authorized a,
tesurvey of the lands in the eharict untold.
