780
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pronounced «pen him by the people of his own
time. Instead of returning to atone, to conciliate,
he came back breathing vengeance, and seeking
every occasion to wreak it on an honest p.ople
who would not have him to rule over them. We
see him in this instance complaining that Virginia
ha¡ more than her share of offices, when an une-
qual share of them was in part given by himself!
When in power, the appointments were given to
her. When alec'ioneiring for her vo'e, the elder
child's portion jas allotted to her by himself.
After his dífear^ifter her vote against him, we see
him, none other than himself, complaining of hi 
own injustice to the rest of the Uaion ! Now that
he is fast hastening in the decline of life to either
the upper or the lower regions, with no end of am-
bition but the ends of malice to subí-erre, we see
him uttering complaints against his own acts! His
complsints fall heavily on himself. I have to
doubt that, for acts such as there, with such mo-
tives, he was justly punished, and that be dees now
rigret that he did bait Irs political adversarios too
lavishly—'hat he lost the best of his few friends
and won not an enemy. This is enough to tor-
ment the wicked man; for success alone can ap-
pease the conscience oí sueh a ene. Upon this
foundation I attributed the compiMra of trie mem-
ber to his regrrts and tei hisvengefu! malice Ah !
but he plead?, "I did not do it!" Who the: ? "Mr.
Southard, ray Secretary—a dead man—>ne of the
best Secretaries the navy ever bad,—!ie did it, not
I!" Sir, was he not r^sp. nsible for what Mr.
Southard dio? Was be not bound to sec that Mr.
Southard did no injustice, distributed not the of-
fices of the people unequally among them? Mr.
Southard 1 >ved Virginia; he lived once in her lim-
its, ami teamed one of her daughters. lie is gone;
I will not speak ni< eulogy; it has been ¡r.'-ch bet-
ter spo'-f-n by the memhfr him-'pif, who now at-
tempts to throw the blame of ih s wrong, of which
he complains, upon the mímory of his fucnd. Sir,
Mr. Southard would not complain that Virginia
was honored, were he alive to speak; he would be
fi-st to honor her. No, sir; tlvs complain' crimes
from another quailo.r—rr;>m one who richer Wed
Virginia. The old grudge remai'-s. Vitgin.a
never voted for the hou*e of Braintree !
Another member from Massachusetts [Mr. Burt-
nell] has, too, with stti iied repiti'ion, rung the
same change upon Virginia—Virgin a ! Vnain'a !
having all lb." honors of the Government. Vir-
ginia has the Secretary of the Navy ; the first, !
Nd>evc, from the ftu-i btt'oti of the G.ueiriment.
Vjrgini i has the firs* clerk of the Dcpst'tni' n'. Vir-
ginia has tiis p"es;den;-y of the Bcrd of Com -.iis-
siont-rs, after ft;:ht'ii<r his way through the viv-1-- of
the last war. Virginia bus Ihn chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affair  ! Yes, sir, if tL,ore i-;
any honor in (hit pl.uvi oí yuurgtfi, la a ciiar.riór.
ot Naval Aífvrs, e.í'.-r an ap,>reuime-h p in the
ranks of that committee (or at l-.sst eight years
Viigima has everything ' Well, sir, mi u has be.-ri
from th" beginning. As at the frst, s-o i; is now.
V/iiat ? That Vi ginii has had everything? has
sacrificed nothing, or has not deserved all ths has
ever go,? No, sir. But u i:. ;¡* it «(ways was—
Massachusetts icrsu-i Vlt::b:i'. rít.e h'Use of
B-aiair- e  £>sust-ie lucse ,>f AIo;i"h',. oo. Pert ral-
i<m vtisu* Deisiocacv r Tire v.-1,- n.-me- oí Vit-
ginia stinks as "ell Oo,-r<n nnih" ¡n 'he nosiri!.
of r.f r am politicians and fin.it.c-.| it ,s not a
loc.il hut a piiilical prejad'ce.
Why did gentlemen not go a lii Is fur he-, rtnd
disc;o;e the teal grief <:t Iheir h': rts í Why did
they not, whd.t eiutacrini'i* the seer' txries, eleilc-,
oo,inr;i-.si uiei-, chaov en, r,.:p-..in-, ci'nv;.ar:de;s,
l.euttnauts. am! ir.idsh'DO),n iV'iii Vug-nia, com-
plai i t'-T.t Virginia tiad b. •• > honored •>,%-.'\ ¡we Pres-
ident's to Mi-:i: ¡-ts-oi-' fw.-? Ili*c il'ie lacbiymit'
íí r, the unpaidonaalc oi7tt.ee of V.rjirn.i h-s be. n,
th-it  h  ¡S ill' -¡-'the.- - f -he G.-tmv, ha! sha h-.s
f.er s'ripp'0 'if he buck aijalt > f é/íes rheol's.
This is noloiEs h.il til.- o'd war r-viv -i, T.i-.- is-.t
enenp'aint is n-.thing but a fungus i.o.a the ¡a-.ie
old, rot-en, b tin root.                                                       I
As I to'd you vcrsieidw, E'lir b-ean tl-i.com-   |
plamt.    in a letter to bis soo-m hi"", Ah'-- i, ;.-. the   I
I á:e preceding note fur iliisquoiau.ni luin Utr <ti>in- piM      fji
story runs, he wrote that Jackson was the man with
whose i ame to break down the "Virgimadynasty;"
but, in the course of Providence, Jackson *as the
very man, in the hands of Virginia Democracy,
with whom to break the head of the houso of
Braintree. Surely a scion of that illustrious hou e
ought not to complain. If Msssachu-etls had but
two, ami it took both to serve out a Washington
term of eight years, jet they were both from the
sajii family of Brpiniree, The last of the houss
was said to have been put in by a minority of
vces in the nation to fill up the uncompleted
term of the " reign of terror " And as ?oou as that
curse upon thj countrv was fulfilled, he who now
rises wi'h the word ' etnrwpiion" on his lips, irapu'ed
to my heart, with an effrontery approp'hte to har-
dened iniquity, as if he were an " angel of light,"
was hurled like a fallen angel from the high plrtce
of the people's power—aplace, like Parause, loo
pate for the unpardonable original sin of " bargain
and corruption.'"
But he s;iys that now, now, when, in the provi-
dence of God, another Virginia President holds the
power of spp in'tnem, s. d-íferent ruis prevails
fro.n tha* wnich governed daring his own pure
re'gn. I thank Heaven that another and a
different rule from his does prevail. Another,
more jus", more equal, reforming the inequality
whicl he con!ir.ued, if he dd not ordinate it, his
prevailed both under Mr. Bacüer and Mr. Upshur.
Mr. tsarger, out of 77 mioShtptTie-i appointed by
him, nave, lfi to Vugiiis*, oi 20 per cent. Mr.
Upshur, oui of 90, gave I"? to Virginia, or 13 per
ctnt Mr. Join Q,. Ada>ns, when Prcri-ien, uct
of 327, gave 111 i.) Vug nia, Marvland, an! the
Disu.ct wf Columbia, r 34 oer cent. Which rule
is the mote e.iuid, the v.orld can jt;:'g<\ I never
said that he was th-a nrigi: ator < f ¡his in, q-iaiity,
or that any of the cr;>/i^ni c^r commwaiers now in
srrvr e were appointed mid-hipme  by hmi. The
t-fficers of t'r.ov grades have to i erve uni'l they are
gray, lull.;er thin twelve or t.-eti'y yea"., before
they become captams or ctiraw-er^, What I
said \;?.';, ihit the memher continued i!,e insq.iah.y
of sppointiiieriT; t at he wis as ranch responsible
for it as any on« livir-g, if not mote; ?nd that l-e
espec-ally wa- res.-cnvib.e for it ¡n the corps of
lieutenants no'v i-i ths sarvice, man;—not a few of
whom, as he asscit—weie appointed midship sen
by him.
i!ir, the member concluded by savin  '¡-¡a! this
statement by me U false.—'fake as theheaHfram
which it ■proceetld.'" This 1 a-gur.ge w> permittrd
to '.in, and H c--rnpe!s me t-> reply, that, if it he
(alse, th  -.' n;;ai Navy ííeg¡s'< r prepared during
his o-t.o A lm.nishat.on n-e fiilse; the falsehood, if
any, ¡s his own eflieu! fnl<ch.iod. Sir, the itato-
meni is tuie, and the ¡lenvil fjMr—fill"? as he who
makes the d- n„r: tal -o as i ne who has ever betray-
ed his friends, and ever dt-hv o'cd h:.j><e'f bv hs
course toivjrd" hisfo'.s: fa'se as t'.ie political Frrg'n
of this iia'i'-n, whose tr.^il'cc ever sports with the
liuth in m -s'a'icg au adversa'}', and whose coq-
seieme will never fu'-ly a>vaktti toth: a "ful reality
oí demons un'il about to meet ihom in the horrible
prison-house of eternity!
Sir, I have but a word race to add. If ¡he
meinb<.r from Massachas"tts [Mr. Adhms] had not
been a-.i old man, pro'ee.ert by lb-- iiüD'ctü'y cf
■i?', h' -'oiitd n>t have e^joy^J, n<- long a- he has,
the m.'icy oí rey mere w.o'..s. It e, high irnt; ¡hat Í
ha-1 u'vted at.'ta-t in y opiiti'ir.soi him, it j;, bu 
jos; o, .¡iy o.vo • har.-e'.er, wh-ch has b?enconstant-
ly rs---ili-' bv hi; slider, ¡,;:.t 5 sho-:',! rat my
st.'i'tp . pon h¡N t míiiü >•-, so iba! th'i world may
know, al ¡ras, my e;tte-.p.te of its tree va'ne. I
theteh-ie s, ber'y, t!-prs'-M'-natelv, an? w.thnit
mali'f, s.i/ to hi-ii, ¡is;; 1 hr.yr. tnel in vain to
resnect him; tuat h - op.nú.ns of me, even wh- a
coinparin;  me'o a demon, ?.<c rot hall so ba.i as
tho-e v bi-'di J er,t r'cit of hi-ri. I have 'o's cecs d
to rt'.-pcct ■ nj, or to c-'r.e.e-l disrespect for ore,
who has no r- p.'Ot :or bttnstdf. Í shrill r.enccfonh
tr-"-,t M'm, as he rich y de-erves r.t nv; hands, wi'h
anveib'd candor, truth, and justice, without pay or
''.,.;. aiac.ee. To hi- fri- it's í r'y—of tivse gtnt'e-
r.i¿n who encourage a-id hiss on his attacks of vi-
pet"ii- venom, all I a.k is that any one or all of
uVra wilt) in any re poasible, tangible shape, un-
dertake to endotse his slanders; or, if they cannot
obtain their own consent to do that, let them here-
after enly clear the ring, and give me a lair field
for a war of words with the member from Massa-
chusetts himself. I premise you never to spare the
outlaw again, unless obliged to do so by the pre-
vious question. I have no other reply, sir, at pres-
ent, io make to auy genlleman.
The debate was continued by Mr. CHARLES
BROWN; after which,
Mr. YORKE moved ihe previous question; which
wss seconded, and the main question ordered.
On motion by. Mr. FILLMORS, the yeas and
nays were ordered; and on the question on concurring
with the first amendment of ihe Senate, increasing
the appropriation from $2 335,000 to $2 S00 000, it
was decided in the nega iv-i—yeas 72, uajs 105.
On concurring with the amendment of the Sen-
ate, striking out the first proviso, it was also de
cided in the negative—yea^ 40, nays 130.
Ou concurring in the amendment of the Senate,
increas:ng :h<) appropriation for the navy-yard at
Pensacoln from $35,000 to $100 000, it wos de-
cided in the negative—yeas 53, nays 113.
The remaieniig amendments weie severally con-
curred in.    ■
A message was received from the President of
the United State-, transmitiing, in compliance with
the resolution of the Hi use, a report of the Secre-
tary of 8 ste on the subject of our relations with
the Republic oí Texas: la;d on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
A mess-ige was also receivfd from the Prcident
of,th-i United Stales, transmitting, in further com-
pliance witt! ¡he resolution of ihe House of the 29¡h
j   April last, the repoit of Wm M. Steuari, e.-q , oae
I    of the comtni-sioners appom'ed to invest gate the
■   affairs of the New York caitom-hous^e.
Mr. G. DAVIS inquire! whether this document
won id be printed under, the order of the House di-
recting the printing cf -he other reports?
Some conveisa-ion ensued on ihe rnhieet, be-
tween ihe SPEAKER, Messrs. DAVIS. "CÍJSH-
iNG, UNDERWOOD, and othets— resulting m
Mr. UNDERWOOD'S moving that the report
and documents be printed.
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay that motion on the
table.
Mr, GUSHING calle.) for the yea', and nays.
Mr. TURNL,Y withdrew bes motion; when,
On motion by Mr. ARNOLD.
The Hou;e adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fatdrday, July 23, 1842.
Mr. WPJGHT presented a petition from a
large number of manufacturers of salt in Onon-
daga county, in Ihe State of New York. They
represent that the state cf ths market is very much
deprtssed,-r.nd pray ¡hst Congress will protect
that interest by the imposition of a duty equal to
10 p.r cení, cu'the bushel of 50 lb<. on ail foreign
salt impore-f: o.-dered to lie on the iahie, where
the tariff bill now lies.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial from a
large number of meichants of the city oí New
York, on the subject ot the duty propore-i to be
leved on cor. n ¿cods by the tariff bill no?/ before
ihe Senate; stating that, if that duty weie relamed,
the tend vvr-ntj be prohibitory in character, in-
stead of a bill lor revenue: ordered to he en ihe
table.
Mr. W. also pretented a memorial from a very
large number o! pi roons of th" city of Nrw Yoik,
remons'.r.itir-g ajainst the doty propostd to be im-
posed on fhei r-jitg-c ipp.-r by ¡h« tariff bill'now
before theíí.r.rte, and representing 'hat it would,
if passed, a'most destroy this shipbuilding interejt
in this countrv: ordered to lie on the tab'e,
Mr CRAFTS presented a p-tition from 125 citi-
zen-, of Caledonia county, Va.prajir.g ihe irrs-
po-i'i in i-i s duty on cheap impor'ed wool, to
enable ihem to compete with foreign wool-growers;
which was bid on ihe table.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from the city
of New York, praying that European leeches may
be imported free of dutj; if not, that ihe rich only
cmld enjoy tbe benefits Iroai leeching: ordered to
lie on the table.
