182                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
CALHOUN, SIMMONS, BEATON, and Mo
ROBERTS, ana opposed by Messrs. BUCHANAN
and SLVIER. Bat, seeing ihe sen-e of the Senate
in iavor o£ the clause, Mr. BUCHANAN with-
drew his opposition, and the question was not taken
on striking it out
Mr. SIMMONS then moved to amend the sec-
tion, by substituting the following rites of postage:
For Jingle letiers transmitted by mail any dis-
tance not exceeding 30 miles, 5 cents; exceeding
30 bat not 150 miles, 10 cent ; exceeding 150 but
not 350 miles, 15 cent'; exceeding 350 but not 600
miles, 30 centc; exceeding 600 miles, 23 cents
Mr. MERRICK of posed th's as a dangerous ex-
periment, in the present financial condition of the
Government-
Mr. SIMMONS showed that the same arguments
applied to the whole, tha' applied to a pair, and tb^t
an increase of revenue might be expected from the
change
Mr. BUCHANAN thought it would t  row the
burden of the Post Office Department on the public
treavury, to the amount of a very serious loss which
Biugt occur in the revenue from pos'age
Mr. WOODBURY poin'ed out that the respon
sibihty oí the change proposed in the section, as it
now stood, would lie with the department use f;
but, if this amendment were adopted, the response
bility would rest upon the Senate for not consult-
ing with the department, or waiting for its esti-
mates, which would be furnished if demanded.
Mr. EVAN8 approved of the principle, and
thought a reduction of postage to a certain extent
■would increase the revenue of the departmen*.
He would suggest a modification of the amend-
ment. It was to make the postage up to 30 miles,
5 cents; to 150 miles, JO cent"; to 300 mil<"¡, 15
cents; to 500 miles, 20 cents; and exceeding 500
miles, 25 cent'
Mr. SIMMONS accepted the modification.
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the jeas and naj',
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—>eas
20, nays 15, as follows
YEAS- Mess,s Bitefo, Bmtnn, Remen, Oilhoun, Chente
Ckyton, Crafts Cuttem'en, Dayton, Lvans Hunt! ^ton I.inn,
Millei, Porter, Simmons, temuh of Indiana, ¡apra^ue, Tappan,
While, and Woodhi ul«e—20
NWS—Mtasn liaeny Bajiil, liittliamn, ( orm'd, f nth
bert, Pulton, Kiir, Kins, Miitoberts, Man^um, MeuiCK,
Rives, Sevui, Walkei, and Woodbuiy—15
So ihe auuMlmeat, as m difitd by Mr Evans,
was adopted.
Mr. MERÍIÍCK then propped several \ erb.il
amendment toench of the sections retained, which
were all successively adopted.
The bill was iheu reported back o the Senate,
and the amendmei "s wire co .curred 'n
Ii was ordered ti  o- et,,;rossut (or a thiM uaj
injr, and, with the amend rente, to bp printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Comm't re on F nance,
to which had bien referred the bill making appio-
priations for the --upportet the a&\nl seivoe ¡or the
}ear 1842, as returned froii the Hou«e ot Repre-
sentatives with amendments to the ceriam amend-
ments of the Senate, and with disagreeing voles to
dhcri, reported that the committee had considered
the muter, and had ins'ruoted him to rrco"rime"d
sn aiherence <n me an ndmeiits oí de Sin, te,
and a disagreement to Uie praeii'ments of the
House, ¿nd also 'o rcecminend the appoint uent ot
a committpc o' c > iter i ce
Mr CRirfLNDEW hitijritd a Uv. to d°-
baie the lepotui re co nni c', a> d rrovcu an
adj mrnment, * h oh motion was agreed ic, and
Tl e Senat - rdjot r  td till Mo it ay.
HOUSE Op'' REPRESENTATIVES.
Sail-day, July ?3, 1842.
Mr. dTOKELY nr( o"ti 5  f>p rwimoa of the
members ot thj bar c' 'he ^Me of Ohio, practisir 
m the di<!"-ict cour* if the Lm ed S,t*s-- it r thed s-
triet of O'no, r°pto en'm * Uat the <al?ry n the
jiMge of t*-3t ccu't is «/holly mad^q la , to me da-
,in ,eq   >red of «-aid officer.
P o SPEAKER annou iced the unfinished bus'-
ni^ to *iMhe t->o ion to pri it the rf>oort oi Wil-
li  m M Steuait, cue of the commission-rs on the
T5k w Y.«ik custom house, received from the Presi*
dent in. his n> ssAge of jesterdaj.
Mi. ARNOLD asked leave to introduce a bill to
reducá the pay and mileage of members of Con-
gress, and to repeal all other laws on the subject.
Objecuon b<"itigr made by several—
M- ARNOLD moved to suspend the rule^,
whi<h motion was rejected.
Mr. COWEN -aid that, as this was the day
whicn, by the rules, should be devoted to private
business, be would move that thp House resolve it.
sell into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COWEN then ealled for the orders of the
day                           ,
The motion ¡o print Mr. Steuart's repon, on
wh ch the prev.ous question had been moved, was
Uk<-n up.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to lay the question on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland inquired whether
the prm'itig had been ordered under the resolution
heretofore pass-d, and whether, if the motion to lay
th> question on the table prevailed, the printing
would nt' so > n.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could judsre
of 'he effect of the resolution as well as the Chair,
and directed it to be read. The Chair had no ai-
thonty to decide what wculd be the effect of the
resolution.
The resolution having b"en read,
Mr. BRIGGS withdrew his motion.
Attera brief conversation, Mr STANLY renew-
ed ihe motion to lay the questioi of printing on the
table; but, on taking ihe question, Mr. S's motitn
was rejected.
The mam question was then ordered.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON called for the reading of
the report, and it was read accordingly.
Tie question was then taken on printing, and
df.ded m the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 68.
Tie CHAIR communicated the following re-
ports ficm the executive depaitrnents:
A leport from the Department of Sta'e, trans-
muting, ,n compliance with a resolution of the
Hou*e, an abstract of the regulations of the king-
dom ot Fiance, commonly called the regie on the
tobacco daties.
Also a communication from th  Tieasnry De-
parí mint, containing a statement of ¡be public debí
r í the cti> of Washington up to the 2d «£ S?ptember
1 st_ this dicutnent completing the statement of
the di bt of the several State and Territo'ies-, call-
e i tor by a resolution of th Hou-^e' laid on the ta-
fo e, and oidered to be punted
¿i number of bibs from the Senate \teie read
Uu*t\ and referred
Altf-r the seveial b lis from the Senate had been
r ad a fir t and second lim , and refeued to appio-
priaie committees—
Sir. BURWELL psked leave to mrorlnco a oil!
in riiati ¡a to the manner of eubsting apprentices
l.i the rid'-y, &c He movd to susp«m' the rules,
irr the pnrpose of receiving it; but the House re-
fill- I to 'uspend.
lyli. UNDERWOOD desired to offer a resolu-
tion calUng upon the Sfrretary of the Treasury for
copies of all circulars issued to the collectors of the
cuncm* and levenue cfticers since June 30'h.
M    COWEISI said he must object, ai i„ong as j;0
mrny private clams remained unacted on.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the report ot the Commit'ee on the Jud cu>ry, de-
c1. ring that it was inexpedient to include banks and
0  b n ci rporations within toe op^r^tion of the gen-
eral b, r Wetpt 'aw. The several motions to hv on
the ibb, recommit, &c, having hitherto fai'cr1,
t  e ques' o" now recuried upon the adoption cf
te" re olution ot th" codimntce, declaring that it
\v,i inexpedient lo include corporations within the
i"tr<>ii n of rJi a law. The Hoj'se refused to
"i ojt tho it solution, by a vote of 53 to 113, as fol-
low-
yr Vs>—Mes«r9 Bihcock, Balinrd Dlfton, Botts Slunson
II ikitlei, Wi'liam Butler, Caiitthei« Chilli Ghittend n,
Cio s DihTiy Lvei ^u, Thoma- T tWer, Gamble, (Siddir gst
Goggm Giaham, Gu tine Houston, Hunter, lames K ns;,
Imn tviauo k« Maxwell, Mayna d Meriwether, Moman, Mor
Í low, O Dome, Owsiey, Payne, Pickens, Pope, Powett, Alex
1 ander Randall Khett, Itidgway, Ii-odney, Sattonstali, Truman
Smitti, lohn T Stuart, Summers, feumter, Taliaferro, Richard
W Thompson, Totand, Tomlmson, Trumbull, Warren, Joseph
1   White, uteistopher H Williams, and Yorke—53,
NAYS—Vessis Adams, Allen, i.andafl W Andrews, Sher-
lock J Andrews, Appleton, Arnold, Arlington, Aiherton, Ba-
ker, Bldlack, Birdseye, Btaok, Boardman, Borden, Bowne,
Boyd, Brew-itci, Bngns, Bionson Aaron V Brown, Charle 
Brown Burke, Groen W Caldwell, Pau íck C Caldwell, Cal-
houn, William B Campbell, Thomas .1 Campbell, Casey,.
John C Clark, Staley N Clarke, Clifford, Clinton, James
Cooper, Cowen Cranston, Cravens, Cushmg, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Richaid D Davis, Dean, Dois, bastirían, John C Ed-
wards, Egbert, Fessenden, Fillmore, John tí Floyd, Charles A .
Floyd, Gentry, Gelry, Patrick (3 Goode, Granserj Gwin, Hall,
Halstetl, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Houclc, Charles J.
In er*oll, J R Ingersoll, W W Irwin, Cave Johnson, Keim,
John P Kennedy, Lane, Lutkfield, Abraham McCtellan, Rob-
ert McClellan, Mc'iay, Mclveon, Marchand, Alfred Marshall,
Samson Mason, J T Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Miller, Much-
ell, Morris, Newhard, Parmeuter, Patndgc, Pendleton, Plumer,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs,
Roosevelt, lames M Russell, Sanford, Saunders, Shepperd,
S yder, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,
Tlll'nghas!, Turney, Undt-rwood, Van Buren, Ward Wattei
son, Jamea W Willi mi, and Joseph L Williams—113.
Mr. R00SEV2LT said that the House having,
m effect, dectüed that it was expedient to mcluds
corporations, he would move to recommit the re-
port, wi'h mstruc'ions to report a bill.
The SPEAKER decided the motion to be out of
order.
After some conversation between Messrs. AR-
NOLD, BARNARD, ROOSEVELT, and the
SPEAKER, on a quesiion of order—
Mr. ROOSEVELT said he would move a recon-
sideration of the vote just taken, and explain the
objec  he wished to attain. Some months since,
the House passed a resolution, instructing the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to inquire into the expe-
dient of including corporations in the operations
of 'he bankiupt law. The committee reported it
to be inexpedient. The House now decided to re-
ject the report of the Judiciary Committee; and,
in doing so, virtually declared that a bill should be
bnught m. He moved to reconsider the vole, itt
order t'aat the committee imaht be instructed tc
bring m a bill, and caUed the previous question on.
the motion.
Mr. JAMES COOPER moved to lay the mo.
tion on the table.
After some conversation on points of order, m
whn Messrs, ADAMS, BRIGGS, and the
SPEAKER took part-
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested to his fr.end
from New Yo-k [Mr, Roosevelt] to withdraw his
motion to reconsider, and bring the question before
the House on an appeal from the decision of the
Chin, declaring it out of order to move a recom-
mitment of the report, wi'h m&tructions to bring
in a bill.
Mr. ROOSEVELT having complied with this
request, anl appealed from the Speakers decis-
ion—
Mr. STANLY jb erving that he considered the
whole effort but an electioneering movement, mide
a mot.on that the appeal be ¡aid on the tabic.
Tni' motion v,?s, carried—ayes 91, noes 52
Mr BOWNE then moved a reconsideration of
the vote rejecting the resolution of the Judiciary
Committee
Mr. BRIGGS moved to lay tins motion on the
table.    Carried—ayes 83, noes 80.
Mr. BLACK asked leave to ofTer the following
resolution:
Resoiced, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy be instructed
to repoit a bill to thib IIou^c to repeal the act es,tab'i«hma a
uniform system ot bankruptcy, passed at the 1st session of The
¿7th Congress
Messrs. G. DAVIS, BARNARD, and YORKE,
objected to the -eception of the resolution.
Mr. BLACK moved a suspension ot the rules,
in order to receive it; bat the House refused to
suspend.
So that all attempts at ac'ion, on the part of the
House, m relation to Ike bankrupt lew, were unroc-
cessful.
THE PRE-SENT TARIFF LAWS.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on th 
Judiciary, asked l«-ave to make a report in answer
to iLe resolution o' the House, relernng to that
lemnnilee the c rculars issued from the Treasury
Dipaitmeot to collects of ihe custom-!, m relation
to the manner of collecting duties on imports. H<-
desired thai the report be laid on the fable and
printed, and moved the pievious question on the
mo ion.
tbe^er'oAUNiDERS JD,1Ulied  Wh&t accomPat e<1
