CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
Tüe SPEAKER said that no bill accompanied
it.
Mr. SAUNDERS «aid that the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Bernard] was, instructed to report
a bill.
Here Mr BARNARD called him to order.
Mr. SAUNDERS.    I call him to order.   He
has no ught to practts-e a fraud on ihe committee
and the House.
Mr. BARNARD. I call the gentleman to er
der.
Mr. SAUNDERS said the ge.itleman had ro
right to make such a report without the authority of
the com-iciUee.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON called for the Kad'ng
cftheipport, which was ordered, and pioceedtd
with for borne time, when
Mr. GUSHING «a>d that the mewing hour hid
expired, end he called for the orders, ot the ("ay
Mr. STANLY hoped that another hour uou'd
be taken.
Mr. BARNARD then said he ,/as directed to re-
port a bill.
Mr SAUNDER3 said that the gentleman had
no right to accompany the bill with a report.
Mr BARNARD said he understood his duties
as well as the gentleman Irom North C olma,
who was endoavoimg to roint tbem out to h m.
Mr. SAUNDERS observed that five members of
the committee had voted against the íeport, in op-
portion to whom, the gentleman was now seeking
to present it to the House a¿ the repoit of the com-
mittee.
At this stage of the prtceedmgs, a motion was
made by Mr. CuWEN that the House resolve it-
self into a Committee of the Whole House, in or-
der to take up the pnvate clenclai.
Mr. STANLY called for the jeas and nays,
which were taken, and rtsulted thus—jcas 84,
nays 85
Mr BRIGGS moved to go m'o Commt'tee of
the Whole on the slate of the Union, which was
negatived
Mr. STANLY moved to «uspend the rule-, for
the purpose of continuing the reading of the report
of ih* chairman of the Judtcary Committee The
motion was negatived.
Mr FILLMORE asked if there were not some
private bills on the table.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative
Mr   FILLMORE  then moved to go m'o Com-
mittee  of the   Whole on the  army appropri"! on
bill, with the amendments ot the Senate.    ("Cries of
"Agreed "]
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON observed that it would
be betttr to permit the bill for the reduction of the
aimy to be taken up fiist.
Mr. FILLMORE satd he had ro objeción, if
that bill was bet-re the House, but, until ihe ao
proprmtion bill was pa^ed, no payments could be
made.
Mr. THOMP30N of MiSMS«ippi asked if it
would be in order to move to go m'o committee on
the private ca'endar.
Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped the balance of the
day would be devo ed to D'Stnct bunress
Mr. COWEN «aid he honed the moti n of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fillmor*. j whicu
had the precedence, would be voted upon, wi'h the
understanding that, if it 'ailed, tli3 House would
take up the private calendar.
Mr. BARNARD asked the House to receive the
bill vhich he had been instructed to report ftoni
the Judiciary Committee, ao that it could be print-
ed. He sent the bill to the table, and if was read
by the Clerk. It was entitled "A bill to supply a.
temporary defect or failure in the laws re'atmg to
the collection of duties on imports "
The Clerk read the bib through, as follows:
1 That upon all goods and merchandise which" have been
imported into the United State since the 30 h day of June last,
or shall be imported betwren that day and the day when any
act which may be passed at the } resent session of Co igtts-j
imposing duties on lmpo*-s, shad become a 1 iw, andpo into
operation, and which goods, iva es, and mercliao Ke would
have been subject *o any duty upon their importation, by laws
then etistin?, if they had been imported at any time between
the 1st and 3oth day of June last, there shall be levied, col'ect
ed, and paid on such at  would have been subject by such laws
t > a duty of 20 per cent ad valorem, or more, a duty 01 tax of
20pprrent ad valorem and on such as would have been sub
¡ect, by euch laws, to a duty of less than 20 pel cent ad valo-
rem, a duty or ta\ m erery case equal to the duly to which the y
would have been subject by such laws
2 1 hat all laws existing and in forte on the 1st day of june
imposing duties on lupous ani providing for thecollection of
such duties aid a I provisions m such laws, oi any oí them, in
r eaidtotlie payment of du lesintash, or the allowanced
uedits in repaid to the keepii -r of good" in public siou*
!*i r gaid ti apprai .men % and the duty of appiaiseis,
colkctor-j and otfiei ufl'ci rs, m ugaid to disemino mons, m
legard to drawbacks in regaid topa r" pcno'tie* and foileit
u¡f&, and m tegaidtoal ot! er matter-- and things enbiaeed
m such laws and piovi-aons, shall, so far as the «ame ate or
may be apt ícable, and can be af plied to this act, as an act
for imposing and cc Heeling a duty oí ti , on imported
goods wates and meiebaiuise, he deemed, and taken to be,
and ~h.il! be in f ice foi the co lection of the duly o. tax un
po Oil by this act, as ftillyandellectuallv as if every regulation
restriction, penalty, foiieitur , provision, cliuse, mauer, and
thing m thetawsaforesaid wen mseitel ifl, a die tnacled bv,
this act, but the bame shall not be deen Hi to be revive I and m
fence, by tnythmg in this act contaii 11 foi my othei pulpóse
an I to any othei etf 11 what \ L\
* That n all rase ofgtods, waies, and meichandsp on
v, moll a duty oi tax is imposed bylhisai't, and ujon which,
on iben impoitatnn, duties have been or "hall be pail, unler
1 iws suppose 1 to be m foice fot th imp smon and collection
of tutus on mipoie* since the 30 h of June la«t ard which
payments of dime  have been 01 shall be niadeundoi protest,
it lall be lawuil for t! e ie-ipectlve c electors, or other cfliceis
-i! the cus omshavu g then at er in chaise, (ictalmng so much
01 such duties paid as al iresaid under pit test as will satisfy
the duty oi la^c imposed by this act,) totcmit and pay over t tie
txeess if any, to the ruouii or pel ous c aiming nd en ulcd
theieto
Mr BARN4.RD moved the reference of ibe bill
to the C >mra tiee of ihe Wri >le on the -.ute of the
Uni n, %nd that it be printed
Mr CAVE JOHNSON thought it would be bet
it to pass the bill tmm diately, unless sotp  ;n
tleman desired to del" ate it. He therefore Moved
the engrr- sojent of the bill
The SPEAKER in'orT-d ihe gent'eman from
Tennessee that, being «a appropriation bill, or a
b 11 levying taxes, it mas' necessarily to a Com-
mittee ef ib* While.
Mr CAVS JOHNSON ruggested th tit was a
bill to lefMise dunes alreadv levied.
Ti e House tl.tn rifened the b II to Ihe C imir-u-
tee of the Whole on the s'a e of the Union
Mr. ADAMS asked it the n port would be print-
ed wi'h the bill.
Mt. CAVE JOHNSON soul, if a wps but the
report of a EPm„nty ot 'he co-omitiec, he should ob
]"Ct.
Mi SAUNDERS begged to mak  an exphnata-
rj sia ement, ani, havfg d< ne so, he was to lowed
by Messrs ROOSLVELT, BARNARD, and
MAXWELL, who sta ed (hep smon in wmch the
matter b ood in the < audit g cemrmtlee, which
appcar"d to be this Th  coa'ñ. utf p tonsisis of
nine members, amnori'y of whom Mr Saunders
understood to be opposed to ihe conclusions, f,t
l ast, of the repoit, but the i etttng which adooted
the report consisted «f six member on'y, a najori-
ly of whom (ihougn n minority of ihe coti'initlet)
feave it ih r -.am unn, and ihus the chairman w is
justified in making the. rep ir*.
khf p'evious que un, w itch Mr. Bar\abd hAd
moved, va, then sus ainel hy the Hnus ( ¿n(\ |pC
pnntijg WA^ oi iertd by yids and na^s, 1 y a tna-
joniy oí 93 'o 64
Mi. Hi L\«ORE a^atn move 1 Oiat t'.e House
rt'Olte iii>clt in o a Conimi tre oi lie Whole on
th<" otate i í the Unit ii, v h¡cr¡ mouoii w.is ag'eed
to, at d Mr SUMMEBS lock tre cl   n.
Mi BRIGGS movei th?t t e committee ta«
up a bih to make permdi eLi an 1 ¡ rovtdt ior t''t
paym nt o c*i d a c't rks m the Auditji's otliee oí
tl't  Post OJicc De a r i it
i/fr AD&riS m ved to t<.ee n-> iV bid le! 'iag
'o Frenen pol at.on- p ior to 1800, wrn cii stood
first on the caleraar, and had been partially tcud
upon.
Mi. C JOHNSuN sojgesi d that the House
bad better t„^e up the !ud rec ru y l-ported by the
ci airman o the Judiéis y Goaumtiee
i*lr FiLLMORE .aid they had not setn it
Mr F dtNARD remiiked tha' noth ng could
bs lo t b. delay, tor, *ht never H was passed, it
w ould ie. en bic>< to í ¡? 30'h of June
After s<,!~ie other ir.egut i or.ve.sa ion, the
rj mit'e  'ook up avd cehsideied the b ' nsn
titird by "lr. Bi'&os, and, af'er a buei exp a'ia-
t iy debate b tR "n Mts rs MERIWETHER,
GILMER, GRANGER, ail o'hers, n was i„td
astda, to be reported to the House.
Mi ADAMS r"new°d his motion that the com-
mittee tas:e up ih  French sioba'ioi ^i'l
Mr. FILLMORE moved to take up the arm/
bill.
Mr TILLINGHAST moved to take tap the bill
from the Senate m relation to the result of the ex-
pl< rtng erfeJi'ion.                                *
Mr OWE JOHNSON said, if it w?s intended
to reduce the army at th? present session, the bill
having >!igt purpose 'honld be acted npon befo-e
the army appropriation bill. 
The comm't'ee agreed lo feike up the army ap-
propua'ion bill a" ?mended 4y the S-nate.
Mr FiLLMORE hoped it ^ou'd not be deemed
necessary by Auy gentleman tp deba c the bill, but
that ths vo e rfould be at onee\taken        ,
Mr GW1N observed that it Was knosyn to those
who had observi d his course\op thi-, bill when it
was first before the House, ih£t he b/d voted for
every ¡eduction that bad been incorporated in the
till as sent lo the Señale Sotee ^eeks ago he
ivd §,ivtn hts reasons, while the'/ia-vy bill was un-
der consideration, foi wishing t£e appropriation
foi that branch of he service, as well as the one
now under cor sideration, postponed for a time,
tint 1 we could asCei am the result of an important
negotiation then in progress in this city between.
this Government and Great Britain. He bad
slated then, if ih.it negotiation terminated arnica-
bly, he thought mat large reductions both in the
army and navy ought to be made The state of
thj treasury demands it Wnhin a day or two
past, thls city has been rife with rumors of the ter-
mina ion tf this negotiation, so far as the North-
eislern boundary was concerned The fact
w.is announced yesterday mornipg m the Na-
ti mal Intelligence!, of its termination wantmg
the sarct on of th  corotm sioners of the Slate of
Maine ard thi- tnornin? we have the authori y of
the same p-'per lo- saying taat these commis ton-
eis have ig.ecd to 'he teims oi the negotiation.
These important announcements have liaturally
caused inquiries as to the terms upon which this
long iisputed question has been settled, and he had
heaid it stated by various individual what those
terms were He did no' voach for me correctness
of the Ma'cmonls he had heard, but he believed
them to be tiue, and up«n that belief he acted.
He h-sd heard that, by this tieaty, we pre to sur-
render a largo port on of the territory claimed by
Ma ne and Masoachuset ■-, and which had been
a /arded to us by the King of the Netherlands,
when he rcted as umpire in the settk ment of this,
question between tae two Governments. This ter-
ritory is to beeiven up to Great Brit tin, and.m con-
siderai on for ,ts surrender by ihe States of Maine
and Massachriselts, we, the United States, are to
p< y to said S'ates three hundred t'iousand dollars
, in ca h, and 'he whole of the expenses they have -
incurred n surveying and defending said territory,
araouutine to about two hurdred thousand de liars
more, apd ihi<- ttrriiory, Ihus mnendered, i  of the
til most import ncj to die mtii'ary d fence of the
co tn'ry in time ol war Tnere were other I'ems in
hie treaty that i e had h ar<! mentioned, but this
] was the one most reprehensible. He observed that
i be came from the laigeot expor mg State of the
I U iion— ne motf deeply int rested in the quesnon
of war wiih Gre  Br t¿"i thpn */« ether—from a
I Eat le note horn ne terr to,j m dispute, and
tere ore without any of tbepiejudiees that location
nng 11 dtuwdv cr a e, yet, rather 'nan vote a dol-
1 \r to buy tin,, territory from Mam" and Massa-
l chu-eüs, to give it to G'eat Bnta n—a territory so
important >nthe crtntofa wac be ween he two na-
I Vc ns, and the sui>\.i ^r ( f wb cb (if it beh nged to
, u ) on any term- he con 'pVrcd ''isgraeeful to
I the couii i>—he   otil Hie for m,1! ons todefend
tre possession of uat itrr ,ory against the power of
|    Great 3" am
I       Mr &TANLY h*'e, ro-e, and iugges'ed to the
gerueman f'om M    '   tpnt ¡h->* he was entering
|    up n a suoj ct of g--eat"c*n'cm nt  in thii House
a d  he countn, and wh'cb, if entered into at all,
¡I  must letd to a long and excung debate, and be
I   hop'-J he would a^taB  from a tud.pg to it at all
now, and let 'his bdl iass.
Mr. GWÍN o)oe,-ieJ, in answer to the gentle-
man from NorihCarolina, that he was giving - ar>d
je mteuded to do it briefly—'he reasons lhat m pht
jeduce him to give a yoio different irorr tbe one hf
