784
had piveTL when, this question was formerly before j
the House.                                                               ]
He had not made up his nuad to rote agí \mt the 1 e-
dactions in the army, as proposed m this bill, when it
passed this House; bat, if he did vole against these
redtxtions he Wished bis. constituents to know
why he gave that vote He said he was not for
baying peace with Great Bn'aia. He prefetred
war to peace on dishonorable terras; at d tbi-s sur-
render of territory was a national ques'ion, in
which the interest and honor of the counTy were
to be as. much considered as the interest of partic-
ular States He was not familiar wi>h tne loca-
tion of tMs t<rntory; but he had been informed
that it was of the utmost importance to Great
Britain, for the protection of hrr Canadian posses-
sions. We now approach within firteen or twenty
Blues of the St. Lawrence, and only d<UDle
that distance from Quebec, which we could
approach by a two-dajs' march from our
boundary. This treaty wou'd throw us off
the ndge dividing the waters of the St. Lawrence
and St John's, whe'e we could, with advat>t ge,
make fo tifications, and would abo increase the dis-
tance we weald have to march in the enemy's coui-
t y, in the event of an invasion of Canada by this
country.
. Mr. STANLY again interposed, and called the
gentlemen to order; and asked the Chair to decide
whether Mr. Gwjn was in order to introduce ihe
Northeastern boundary question into the discussion
on this bill
Mr. GWIN observed to Mr. Sváhiy, that he
would finish all be intended to say in five minu'es, if
not mtenupted.
Mr. STANLY said that, m that five minutes, be
might allude to question.! that wcuid ineviiably
lead to a long discussion, which he wished to
avoid.
The CHAIR requested Mr. Gwis to confine
hiniselt to the question before the comrnut"e.
Mr. GW1N inquired ol the Chair whether the
question now before the committee was not a re-
duction of the army.
The CHAIR answered that it was.
Mr. GWIN ^aid his letnarks, tb'n, were perti-
nent to the question, lie was, utteily opposed to
the ratification of this irea y, &o far as, t.-is item-
Went. It it should not be ratified, a war might,
and he believed wouii, be the result, and he wps
prepared for war, rath r than buy a peace by the
surrender of an impoilant portion of oui t rn ory
He ¡.aid that we could expect notmng from Great
Britain by yielding to her dempndi It wc wi hed
to preserve peace wuh her, we mu-t present a bold
an j determined front, .ind <unender nothing that
we conceive we are en'jiled to And, ¿hove a'l, lnt
us not purchase peace wi h a nation lhat ve l ave
wnipptd in two wars, ¿ui can whin m p t aid, it
necessary He «as net for war, ¡i an honorable
peace cordd be obtpined
He would ssy nothing mo>e on the «ubject at pres-
ent. He had not determined whether h« would
vole for the pi posed reductions or not, but he
would í'ate m advance, that he would never vote
for the half million ot dollars renuired 10 get U<e
relinquishment oí l!us teniloty from ihe Slater of
Maine and Ma1- <ehusetl\ thd' ve cuy give it to
Great Bntais He woaii Mihrt vote rndiior  to
defend our lern'ory a;* «i«t the t n io_g1iü cnts of
Great E ntam.
Mr GILMER, like the   tntleman fro i M <-is-   '
si;jpi, [Mr GwiN,]hal v ,ed ii   a ndujliin of   I
the arm), and lie mou!   do 0 sga n.    He. {..reed,   '
t< o, with  the  ge tieman  from New  Y^rn  [Vfi
Fillmore] as to ihe propre y of not protr?o in?
this debate; and r  ros^ for the pert os  ot  pro e>t-
11X again t tr>° tour**  puisaid bj the -en'lewan
fro n  <VE s-,i<.virp ,  fVír   Gwin ]    ll¿ bad depri-
cd ed more thar- one    the aim ioni  m do to our
Jo " gn rel^t'or5- those reja' 0P3 had oee     of an
(X'te-ae'i  del ca e nature, and   he *¡\>  scti Sed
n.it 'o;,    d could risa t irom a premature diccus-
s   n. of,. ^m 111 ihis Hi u e, par.tcularly .'hen those
relat sas were the  sutj-c'  of iKgj'iauo"     Now,
% r-u weie the na^ r> which the gentleman  in m
Mi sis ippi relied on as ri-> ex u«e for not voting
lor  the  reductio i  of ihe  armi'     PVst, ru-nors
■which he (Mr Gilmer) too had heard, and which
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(if rumor were true) he should deprécale as much
as the gentleman ixom. Mississippi. Firs', then,
th'y ware to act 01 "rumor," which told them lhat
an amavorable treaty had been negotiated, but, if
it were so, it would have to pass a revision by the
Senate; <md if it were of such a nature as the gen-
tleman from Mississppi designated, he was satis-
fied it could not receive the constitutional rat.fica-
tion of the Senate of the United S'ates.
Again, grant that it was so: did it fo'low that
we were to have war? He hoped not. But if they
conceded war was to be one of the consequences
did H follow that this could not be acted upon w th
the same degree of calmness and intelligence as
when it was last under consideration? When he
last adlressed the House oa ihis bill, it was then
a question ofpefce; but th>- gentleman from Mis-
sissippi need be under no apprehensitn of any
division on, a question of na'ionsl honer whan it
snou'd arise He had advocated the reduction of
the army on the ^ound principles of economy, and
did ihe gentleman from Mississippi knosr an} 'ling
which rt quired that tsey should raise the amy to
(be war 'tan lard? He protested «gainst be ng in-
fluence i by "runsor," he supposed all would soon
be rnaf,e known; it would be discussed ía the Sen-
ai-, and, if they were to have war, he repealed
what he said when this bill w?s last under discus-
sion—lhat the present army would not do even to
begin to talk about. If war saould com'*, th'y
would have to i"tro luce a new bill and a ne\% sys-
tem', end then they would see the necessity of car-
rying out, not only practical reforms but of puri-
fying the army, rank and file, and ot putting it in
a better condition, and of increasing it to five or
ten times the force now emplojed.
Mr FE8SENDEN regretted thn prema'ure
di^cuision No treaty could be concluded without
the ass ,it of four gentlemen of h'gli charac er
and ,'an.din? fiom h s Ovvn Sta'e, (\lane;) and if
the drr<ingem*nt v ere so dugtaceiul as 11 wa^. sa'd
to be b/ the gentleman from Mis--i sjppi, and lo
injurious to the nationii honor as ti call up th:
chivalnc feelings of the gentlemen of the youth, he
was sure th se four gentlemen would not absent to
1. He (Mr. Fessenden) hoped some arrangement
had been made; indeed, he understood it was si;
but it muu be borne in rruLd that it .nust go to the
Senate, 13 whose hand , ugeiher with th"  Presi-
dent, w, s ,1 e honor of the na.tion. He cuuld not
conceive, then, that there was anv propriety m dis-
cuss ng the diplomatic arrrangemenls while they
were >et going en, and he protested against this
rrau'itr of meeting the question.
Ha arjued that, though this same subject had
bie 1 op  , a^d debated for o nan1 jedts, it .'a'd
been <lid I'npoiMble to get up a war feeiins upon
it. He knew not what arrangements might have
been mane by ihe pames to the ncgi m'ion-. ivhioh
hdd oeen g> ing on, bui, 1 tbev \>ere ton 1-ent
with the honor and interests 0/ Mame, h , for or> ,
w s ready to accidt to them. If th=y wee no',
he must do the R^piesentauves from his 8 i e mo
jiiMic ij -upposc lhat they wtuld foi carry  .ry
s "h dvadvontsgeous a'rnrgeinents into cfieet
He conrarred i*i the opinion that jt u¿s prei-alure
to take up a mere rumor, " hieh might bp u-ifh or
without foundation, aod tlereon ad?pt the action
o tne House ot Representatives Hel,ope3the
House would net act m advance, but Ya', 1.1 all
thf discus-ions ">hieh mignt be> hafl upon this bill,
¡1 1 ould oe taken for granted that the R^presenra-
t' es ( f Maine would act as bec?me thera when-
ever ih  proper time arrived.
Mr. FOPR expressed bis regret that h's friend
ft m M s ísvippi [Mr. Gwin] >~inoDld have rased
the alarm m debating this b'll. His own ru'e
was to presume hat the public authorities had
<if a  t^eir duty, unlil he knew to the ci'ta'y.
He hail never supposed thah war would a'i e, aid
iherefcr- , in his votes upon ihearraj b 11, had al-
v a>s contemplated the exigence of a peace estab-
lishment. He had voted for a reduction of the
army, eh.efly with a view to airest the expend-
itures oí the Gov;rnment, and prevent an u^i-
rnate resrrt to direct texaüon. Should tbe amend-
ments < f the Senate be agreed to, and >he appro-
priations contained m the bill bs voted for, the
bill reducing the army would sleep ihe sleep oí
deadi.
There was one observation rf the gentleman:
frolL .Yiaine, [Mr. Fesshnden j wi ich he otjected
10. It was his declaration, tbar, without the con-
sent of Maim and Massachusetts, no treaty could
be concluded. He was widmg to consult those
States; but not to yield (he con.hHUional power of
making 3 treaty without their concurrence.
Mr. FE3SENDEN rose to make an explanation,
and was understood to deny ihe ímerpreution put
upon h s remarks by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mi. Pofe ] He only meant to in'imate
that it wis conceded that the present commtsnon
could not make a treaty, or cede any portion of the
ternlor> of «iaine, without the consent of her com-
missioners
Mr. POPE tna^e a few further remarks, with a
view to show thit, in his votes upon tne army bill,
he was not lDiiueticed by any feeling of hostility f*
the preoent Administration.
Mr. FILLMORE urged the necessity of taking
the question at once, or else the debate would be
continued a week, without changing a vote.
Mr. MERIWETHER ro&e, as he said, for the-
purpose of saying that no tumor'—vague in their
character, and wi'hout any responsible author or
source—could drive him from the purpose which
he had hitheito undertaken to effect. He had
heard many rumors, but they were nrt such as
should guide the legislation of the House. If
Maire and M*ssachu-«-tts were satisfied wuh tne
arrangement said 10 La/e been made, he was will-
ing to let things rema'n as they were; at the samp
time avowing hts readiness to come to their defence,,
and stand by them, when it should become neces-
sary. With thtse remarks, he would dismiss thL
part of the subject-.
There was one remark of the gentleman from
New York [Mr Fillmore] to which be would al-
lude That gentleman had said, let the amend-
ments of the Senate to this bib be carried or not,
past, this bid, and then take up the bill reducing
the army, and pass that aho.
Mr. FÍLLMORE ro-e lo explain. He had not
sail (hat the b 11 reaucmg the army should be
passed. True, le remained that he was md fferent
as to the fate i f the Senate amendments. All he
wanted  as action, eclwn.
Mr. MERIWETHER sa,d he was sure, if the
Hojse sgrecd to Ihe a<xien(lmeri<s of the Scr-ate to
its b'll, we might bid farewell to trie bill for redn-
cms, iheauny He referred te the message of the
Pres.dif'i*, at tne commence i_ent ef tl,e serrón, in
which an mcrea?  rt he army was recommended
The President p^opo'-ed ?naddi*ion of 3 OCO merj
to the present foice oí the a^y, and did gentle-
I men suppo e 1 at he wou'd s.gn a bi'l reducing the
aTn}1? Cer'g niy ro' he would veto it, and rely
on Lis conscietici. f >r uppo^t. How, ihen, were ihe
Representatives of ihe people to meet him? He
11 answered, by app ndn g the reduction "o the gener-
II al appropridt.on bil1 Such h-id already been the
course ot the majority of the House, and he hoped
they would be firm in their eeiermmatioi
Mr. ANDREWS here ooiawd the ñoor, and
moved that the commifee n«e, but subsequently
'   Withdrew his vaot'on
Mr BLACK s,tid he rose for the purpose of ob-
j c'mg ¡o th  conree j, usued by the eentleman from
Virgi-ia [Mr GitMm ]   Toa  gemleman had said
that it was not m place to allude to a treaty with a
¡ foreign power, an i b'd deprecated all discussion.
,   He would a^k 'fap g ntleman it the Representativet,
¡1 of 'he people bad not as much right to allude to
j, treaties fir t^e purpose of explaining their course
¡1 upon impir ant nvUer- of legislation, as the Globe,
j1 the Intelligencer,  or any other party newspaper.
I j Surely, if a grave matter of this kind ought to be
(| alladed to at all, the r ght to do it belonged to none
II   more appropriately than the Representatives o/ihe
I   people.   He did nut  understand the gentleman
in m Misstss'ppi [Mr. Gwin] as alluding to the de-
tfilscf the treaty said 10 nave been concluded,
but only to the general rurac r of such a ireaty, for
the purpose of showing his constituents why be
had abandot ed his position, and determined to ad-
vocate the increased appropriation fur the army.
He could not refrain from expressing bi* cordial
