786
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
communication, that the pension law0 had been so
construed, that even after the revolutionaiv -old'er
■was dead, without his having made application for
a pension, the widow or children can come and
make out the proof of service, and draw the pen-
sion to which he may have been entitled. He said
Congress could not too soon arrest a law so mon-
strous in its effect, according to the consii uction
which had been given it, and which, he believed,
was never mteaded.
The law was intended to seeure a pension to
the person who performed the service, and was.
never intended to be made an estate of inherit-
ance in their fami'ies. In tbia cas , it would not
be a pension, on the principles of om pension sys-
tem, but would be a gratuity. If this construc-
tion wa¡> justified by the law, as maintained, he
thought Congress ought not to adjourn without
passing a law arresting such construction.
M-. WOODBURY said the bill presented
another tivW question than that on which the com-
miitee passed it. The -widow of Major Johnson,
■who made the application, died since the bill was
reported for her relief The question now was,
whether the children were entitled In order that
the commit'ee might act on the new state of
the case, and this principle, he moved that the bill
be recommitted.
Messrs. GRAHAM and BATES made some
remarks, showing that not only the department,
but Congress, had so construed the law as to grant
pensions to the heirs, notwithstanding no applica-
tion was made by the person for whose services
the pension -was claimed. Mr. G. quoted the
opinions of former Attorneys General, to show that
the widow had a vested right in the pension to
which the husband would have been entitled under
the law
Mr WRIGHT made some remarks, contending
that the op mon of the Attorney General Wirt, al-
luded to, had reference to navy pensions, to be
paid out of the navy pension fund, over which
Coiigrev> nahtlully had no cmtrol, and was not
applicable 10 the case now under consideration
Mr CALHOUN hoped the bill would be recom-
mitted, and that the law under which the pension
was claimed would be carefully examined, to see
whether it justified the construction the depart-
ment had given it He maintained that there was
no right ves ed m the family to a pension under
that law. The law intended the pension as a
bounty to the revolutionary soldier who performed
the service, to cease at his death, and was r ver in
tended to go to his heir . The bill, if parsed
would make a gratuity to Use children of $1,500
for six montbV «erviees of the father He smcerdy
hoped the bul would be recommitted With instruc-
tions to report a bill to put a stop to the consii ac-
tion which had been placed on ths laws.
Mr. PHELPS was understood to contend that
in no case had a person been granted to tne he is,
without application having been made, previous to
his death, by the person who pertormed the ser-
vices; but that there were cases where back pay
had been allowed to the heirs, which had accu-
mulated in the treasury from the time fhe petition
v/as granted to the revolutionary soldier to the day
of his d ath. The heirs were entitled to money
accumulating after the pension is once granted, bus
had uo inherent light to the pt n ion.
Mr GRAHAM said, ps other case-! had been
passed similar to this, both by Congress and the
department, he hoped that this meritc-nod- ca e
wouid not be selected as the one on which to
change the construction.
"Vfr. WRIGHT said the construction was wrong,
and it was the duty of Congress to arrest ths er-
ror on the first case on which it was brought to the
pt'ettion of Congress
Mr. KING said this was a peculiar case—one
i f great m m. lie was opposed to stopping, o¡
 iis particular ca^e, the construciion g'ven to the
pmsion laws He was for making the action of
Congress 01 this bill conform to i's previous
sieiion, until a general Jaw be passed arresting thf
< onstruction vhich the department and Congre^
' «d ac ed upon He thought it wou'd be unjust,
mtii such con-truction was arrested by a general
UfT, to placj «his eve on a difiVtnc  loitin,. *c
esses of like principle, and probably le<s merit.
Mt PHELPS moved to 'ay the tul tnthe 1
ble un il 10 morrow, th?t he might txani a> some
cases of the action of tae Seaa'e which might
govern its acnon on this case.
Mr STURGEON mqtuied of the S u-doi fiom
North C¿rí lma [Mr. Graham] v hether the heirs
now claiming were rhildien ot the revolutionary
soldlsi for who^e services the pension wascla.med,
or were children by a second husban i'
Mr. GRAHAM replied that Mrs Johnson
never married after trie death ot Mr Johnson
Mr WRIGHT was firmly convinced that the
Sena e never pas ed a bill of this sort Hiowiügly,
and the auestion was, v hether it v as exped ent to
pa b a bill founded in an erroneous construe ícr of
a provi jus lav, after that emr was pre emed to
the atien'iou of the S nate He believed not, a J
h iped the b d wculd not be pawd
The question wav (hen take 1 o-> Mr. Phflp^s
mouon, and tne bul w?s postponed ti 1 to-mor-
row
Engrossed bill to ¡educe and equalize the rates
of postage, and to couect certain abuses under tie
post office svslem. came up on its third reading.
Mr. WOODBURY called the attention of the
chairman of the Post Office Committee [Mr Mer-
bick] to a single expression m the second section
of the bill The bill ^ays that all papers exceeding
in size 1,307 square inches, shall be charged oae
cent addition for every five square inches. What
is the construction to be given to if! Is it to oe
construed to mean f ve inches m length, in breadth,
five inches square, or five square inches, m its lit-
eral meaning?
Mr. MERRICK said that the committee bal ta-
ken odp ot the largest siz°d daily papers—the
Journal of Commerce—whica cou amed 1307
square inches, as ihe bas s, and it is 1 tended by
tl.e bill that any paper exceeding that s¡> uhall
pay one cent postage additional for every five
'qiare inches and not ipems tqnaie, a= had b en
reported in '-orrie ot the papfis. Ti c c'au„e is m
tended to piohibi* the tra sportaticn of luose l&iee
papers.
Mr SIMMONS susges'ed to the chairman to fit
the maximnm a' 1400 mch s
Mr. MEPvRICK'í'ís opposed to e tendui; «',e
■*¡¿f The dimension  of tae sheet fivd upon was
too large now It is ¿is cnornous sheec Tre
committee were wibina; to a'low hern «o come ro
to Ihil siye, and no' to p0 le ond it
Mr TAPPAN ¡"quired of u.e chairman whether
he intended, by the square nob to tic^n a*sut,eih
cial squire? Tne cq„u-¿ ítiií ¡he bill vs as liable
to be i onstti,ed to mean a cubic inch, wh'ch was a
sqiMie ini h.
Mr. MERRICK rcpW thai a squaie men
r<ip->í t a squar  ot supcrfical measurement, if it
meant otherwise, a fLb'e iict weald hfve been
insetted
Mr. M. said he aad cal'ei at u,e depir'me t
since Saturday last to mrke sore írquiry as to
\ hat wculd be the p'-ob'b'e efte< t on the íevenues
or the department by persisting m the graduating
scale adopted b ihj Spnate at tha instance oí ¡he
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr Smmmons ] The
Postmaster General fear. 11s effect on the revenues
of the department wou'd be aisa-troi<«, and rtplted
tl a1 he would not oe hdd r^onsib'e lor its effect
lie believed it would considerably educe the ie\'2
nue.j
He caused the pay-cleik to make a esk ulat.on,
founded on the receipts in to the post office at New
Y irk, -irá « waa his opm on, trat, in that ci«v
alone, the rec ipis wou'd be diminished §10,000 per
a^num. The rate, as it came from the committee,
was adopted on a full conference with the depart
ment He thought it was pieper to consult the
v^ews of the deparmert in legislating upon th 
suoject. Tae scale proposed by ¡we comtm lee
would make no reduc ion in the revenue, for the
am unt which would be lost by leducme the post
age on one clo,ss of letters from 12i to 10 cents
would be made up by inceasirg the rate en the
c'ass liable to 18Í to 20 cents Tms beirg the
state of the case, he hoped some Senator was
voted in the affirmative would move to reconsider
the vote on the adoption of the arre"Jm"nt fixing
the ra'" <f hostage, «i'h the view to adopt the
ra er>ropo«cd by th commii ee, and 'he next year,
if tí uuld W"is out ihat the revenues of the de-
partment wih justify i% !he further chanee pro-
posei comí oe adop pd Tre only obj C the com-
ir>i l e and the depart net>t had in view, in present-
ing the subject to Congress, tjks to equalize the
ra'ts of pos> age to tne small federal currency, and
not to reduce th" rpu s
Mr LINN mjved lo reconsider the vote on the
adoption of the rates of postage, and, on his further
motion, ih:; que ninoi reconsideration was post-
pone 1 till to-mjrrow
Mr. WALKER moved to take vp the bill pro-
v dmg for th «tt ementof th" claims arising under
the treaty tf 1 e Uni ed States with the Choctaw
Indians, at Dancing Rabbit creek
Mr PRESTOS   What1 Dancing Rabbit creek!
I  r jve U t^kc un du j int re«olut on providing
tía' ail monei s p=ud from ths treasury to extinguish
InJian titles to land be ffi.iüursed to the treasury
from tbe proceeds of the u nds.
The question was put o- 'he motion of Mr.
WiLKhR, and it was agreed to withou* a count;
and
The Dancing Rabbit creek bill was taken up.
The question pending being the bill proposed by
Mr Hendfrson as a suosfittUe, and substituting
and scrip instead of money to satisfy the c'aims of
the Indians.
M>. MOREHEAD made some remarks explana-
tory of t^e bill
Mr. WALKER said it had been alleged, when
tne bill was 'a¿t up, mat the claims, unsatisfied un-
der that treaty exceeded 1 300. Such was not the
cas  He quo cd ftom the reoort of Mr Everett,
shown,? that the clams did not exceed 350.
Mr BUCHANAN w<bhcd to know whether they
vo'ed for laud, or money, in votng for the substi-
tute
fir. WALKER rep'ieJ . For hnd.
Mr BUCHANAN. Tnen I am ready to vote
lc the suuo 'tute He de-randed tht yeas and
nays on it, which Here ordered, and, the question
oerag put, the sab.ti'u'e wqs adopted—yeas 28,
ray 10
Hr PHELPS madf some remarks against the
s-iSoH'ute, «It eh h^d beeu adopted in the absence
of the Senator ftom A ftaisas [Mr Sevier] and
humse f He s id, a'though t baa been adopted by
a d"e s re vo*e, ¡ e eoild rot g ve it his approba-
U 'i He ai'pged tba' there was ^meihwg at the bot-
tom of that siib,t ti.te, wh en if tee Senate knew,
wpu'd s pur  ih r^jecir^i He f=it i> to be his
du'y to make the mo >on he had heretofore made,
II  la> *l.e b 11 on the lao'e
Mr SEVIER hoped some Seni or who had
vo'ed for the substitute would mo/e fonts recon-
s deration
¡Wr BENTON made the motion
Mr SEVÍER °poke for som" time m opposition
to ice substitute He argued that it would do
great «-justice ti 1, e Inoians if the treaty was not
carn d out 11 gica rsitb Tne United StK*es, un-
det t te treaty, ob am d from toem their lands, for
which she ivas to pay in money The lands have
been sold at from four to five dcllrrs per acre, and
•he money has been piaced m the treasury, and
n iv, a ter withholding from them ¡or twelve years
ib«r land, if to pr ptsed to sttisiy th"ir claims with
lane or scrip, liable to be located anywhere He
nas in f&ior of givins money to those who were
wil'ngtotale 1, Tuerew)uldbe no justice or
hofp^-y in giving them land, that speculators
might fatten upTi it
It ihe bi'l, as rcportfd from the committee, and
amended by the Senat , were pas«pd, it would do
them justic , aBd nothing more The bill was suf-
ficiently guard-d in a'1 respects to prevent fraud ,
and to protect the Government. He hoped the
vote would b° leconsKiered, and that the bill of the
committee would be passed
On mouan of Mi. EVANS, the further consider-
ation of the bill was postponed ti I to-morrow.
THE TARIFF BILL
On motioa of Mr. EVANS, the special order
was taken up, which was the consideration, as m
committee of the whole, of the House bill No. 472,
