790         ______________
■¡rr,--------    i" , ¡......      ■' - ' ■■'        .....
üampfeel), (he widow of John Campbell, reported
tbe sam¿e back without amendment, and with a te-
commendation tbat itrio páss.
Mr.- WILLIAMS, ftom the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a <biU for the relief of Tnomas
B. Parsons; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
On motion of Mr. PORTER, the Committee on
Patents was discharged from the further cwnsider-
a.ion of the petition of Franklin Whitney, praying
an amendment of the patent laws, and that the ex-
poses incurred by him in prosecuting his claim to
a patent may be refunded.
Mr. YOUNG submitted a resolution, which was
r*ad, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
communicate to the Senate a statement, m a condensed form, aa
far as the same can be done, exhibiting—
1 The estimated quantity of land in each State and Terri-
toiy.
2.   I he quantity of public land in each State and Territory
to which the Indian title has been extinguished, and the quan-
tity to which the Indian title has not been extinguished.
3.  The quantity of surveyed and unsurveyed land in each
State and Territory.
4 The number of acres of the public land sold from the
earliest period ufthe sales down to the present period, and the
amount of money received from such sales during the same
time.
5.  The quantity of land set apart for Indian tribes down to
the present period, distinguishing the name of each tribe, and
the separate quantity set apart tor each.
6.  The amount of money, as nearly as can be ascertained,
which has been paid by the United Stales in the extinguishment
of Indian titles, down to the present period.
7.  The several amounts of ir.oney received to be paid to any
of the Indian tribes as annuities, and the duration of such an-
nuities, respectively.
8.  The amount invested in stocks by the States, on Indian ac-
count; the names of the tribes for which such investments were
made; tbe nature of the stocks; the condition on which they
were purchased; and the time and manner in which the interest
accruing on such stocks is paid to the tribes entitled to the
same.
9.  The amount paid for surveying the public lands, and the
total amount paid for selling the same, as far as can be ascer-
tained, down to the present period, including the expenses of
the General Land Office.
10.  The amounts paid in the purchase of Louisiana andFlori*
da, stated separately, with the interest paid on the purchase
money in each caee; and the estimated quantity of land ac-
quired by said purchases respectively
11.  The amount paid to any of the States in consequence of a
sale or cession of their waste lands to the United States; and the
amount paid in the extinguishment of private claims to the
lands thus sold or ceded.
12.  The States and Territories, or parts of States and Territo-
ries, comprehended by the purchase of Louisiana and Florida;
with such notes of explanation aa may be deemed necessary to
a proper understanding of the same.                                       I
Mr. YOUNG remarked that a great deal of the !
information called for by his resolution might be
obtained by  looking into the public documents;
bui few reports only, if any, on tbe subject, had
been brought down to the present period.   With
regard to our intercourse with the Indians, there
was much in the dark concerning which Congress
should have some information.   The subject of the
public ¡adds, as all knew, was of great interest to
the «everal States; and it was proper, therefore,
that the public should have all the information
which could be obtained, so that they may really
judge for themselves how the matter stands.   In
relation to the cessions of the  public lands, an
opinion prevailed among a portion of the people,
(and newspapers took the same ground,) that the
public lands now held by the Government were
obtained by the cessions of the States, when they
[Congress-] knew that a large portion of them had
been acquired by the purchase of Louisiana and
Florida.   There  have been  also large sums paid
for (he extinguishment of Indian  titles, and the
amounts could  not   be ascertained  without  ref-
erence to the public documents.    His object was to
bring aii these facts before tbe public in a con-
densed form, and to include everything relating to
ihe public lands—how much has been paid for the
extinguishment of the Indian ¡itle, the purchase of
Jands, what charges in consequence of Indian an-
nuities, &c.   A considerable amount has been in-
vested in State stocks, for the benefit of the In-
dians, amounting  to two or three millions of dol-
lars.   All the information could be embraced in
fifteen or twenty pages, and he was anxious that it
should be brought forward for the use of Congress
and the peopie.    He was not disposed to press the
consideration of the resolution at this time, but
was willing to let it lie on the table tiii to-morrow.
The resolution accordingly lies on tbe table, and
was ordered lo be printed.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-,f.YT -, .■:_  ./'*'""■  ■:.       ■   '—'---------~
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideiation of the bill to provide
for the satisfaction of the claims arisisg under the
14:h and 19th articles- of the treaty at Dancing
Rabbit creek—the question pending being the mo-
tion to recons der the vote adopting the substitute
for the bill reported by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as proposed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Henderson,] authorizing the issuing of
land scrip to satisfy the claims, instead of paying
them in money.
Mr. S. said, in looking at the treaty, he iound
that tbe reservees were, by that treaty, made citi-
zens of Mississippi, and are, therefore, entitled lo
the same rights as any other citizens. The rights
of those Indians, then, under the treaty, are vested
rights.
The substitute proposes that you shall not give
those citizens the $1 25 for the lands which the
United States obtained from them by the treaty, and
which they have a vested right to, but that you
shaii give them refuse iand. He asked the Senate
whether it was tight and fair to do so. He was
satisfied that the Senate would not have adopted
the substitute, which proposes to give the poor
Indians the refuse iand for a vested right, if they
had nnderstood the snbject properly.
Mr. PHELPS repeated the most of his former
arguments against tbe substitute, *nd pointed out
the propriety of teconsidering the vote adopting it.
Mes>rs. LINN and BUCHANAN made some
remarks in favor of giving lands to satisfy the
claims intend ot mtney.
The question was then put on reconsidering the
vote adopting the substitute, and it was agreed (o.
A further debate look place, in which Mesirs.
SEVIKR, KING, WALKER, LINN, and PRES-
TON, participated, on the propriety of adopting
the bill ai reported from the committee, and
amended by the Senate, which was believed to be
a more perfect one, and would better secure the
interests of the United States, and the rights of the
Indians,
Accordingly, it was determined to amend the
bill of the Committee on Indian Affairs; when,
On motion of Messrs. WALKER and KING,
it was amended to the effect "to strike out so much
of the bill as authorized $1 25 per acre to be paid
to satisfy the claim," and to substitute Ibe words
"that a quantity of land equal to the claim, to be
taken out of any of the public lands in the States
of Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Alabama,
subject to entry at private sale, and certificates to
that effect to be delivered, under the supervision of
the Sectetary of War, to such agent as he shall di-
rect, to be delivered to the Indians so soon as they
shall have removed to the Choctaw territory west
of the Mississippi river."
The quesiion recurring on striking out all of the
bill as amended, with the view of inserting the
substitute offered by Mr. Henderson of Missis-
sippi, (who is absent from the city,) it was rut, and
decided in the negative.
The quesiion now being on ordering the bill \o
be engrossed for a third reading—
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed till to morrow.
The bill to regulate the rates of poslage, and to
correct certain abuses in the post-office system,
came up in its order.
Mr. MERRICK made a few remarks in its fa-
vor, snd Mr. EVANS against the ra'e of postage
fixed upon. Tbe bill was then laid aside, on the
motion of the last-named gentleman—the hour for
proceeding to the special orders havirg arrived.
The bill from the House entitled An act to regu-
late mesne process m the District of Columbia was
taken up.
Mr. BAYARD proposed a substitute for tbe bill,
which was agreed to; and the bill., „as amended,
having been engressed, was, according to forder,
read the third time, and passed.                    j
THE TARIFF BILL.          f
The Senate then proceeded to the farther Consid-
eration of the bill "To provide revenue fr#m int.
ports, and to change and modify existing irfws. im-
posing duties on- imports, and for other purposes "
as in committee of the whole, [he pending question
being on the amendments proposed isy tbe Finance
Committee.
Mr. WOODBURY observed that, being a mem-
ber of the minority in the Finance Committee who
did not approve of this biU.it seemed proper that
he shoaid take this early opportanity of stating th =
reasons for his objections. His objections were two-
fold: fiist, as to the amount oí revenue proposed to
be raised; and next, as to the manner of raising this
amount of revenue.
Taxation, in any form, was held to be a griev-
ance; and the desire of the people is, at all times,
to avoid or escape this grievance. It is plain, then,
that a quesiion of the amount of revenue is a ques-
tion of the ami unt of grievance to which Ihe people
shall be subjected, or which they will bear.
As taxation is held to be an evil, it is natural
that the people should be anxious to see it confined
to the lowest possible amount. If they know that
their Governmert can be maintained with seventeen
millions of dollars in taxation, it is just ihey should
have some proof that there is a necessity for im-
posing upon them a burden of- tweniy-seven mil-
• iions. It is certainly an important consideration,
whether the burden of taxation shall be increased
ten millions of do'lars or reduced ten millions of
dollars. Toe'people were led to believe that one
of the great changes of the titles would re the
promised reductions and retrenchments, to enable
the Government to be carried on with a revenue
of thirteeen or fifteen millions of dollars. To
bri'ig about the changes which vtere to cff. et all
this, the late Administration wss denounced as ex-
travagant and reckless; and attempts were made
to urove its expenditures to have been at the r.-.te
of thirty-five millions in tbe gross, or ttvenly-seven
milhons in ordinary.
If such an expenditure were trolly stated, and
were reprehensible i:i the la'e Administration, it
teemed strange that their succs-ors, so notoriously
pledged to remedy all this, should now come for-
ward te impose a taxation of twenty-seven miliions
—a sum seven millions higher than it ought to be,
or need be, if even moderate retrenchment and re-
form were attended to.
But, in  addition to this, it is an amount further
swelled by the abstraction, from the income of the
i  Government, cf three miliions of receipts from the
public lands.
That the receipts from public lands should be
thrse millions, he showed from the actual sales,
and probable increase if the public lands were
properly brought into market.
Here there was an unnecessary addition of ten
millions to the amount of taxation.
This bill is to hi voted fi.r under a conviction
that it is to raise ten millions more than necessary,
if there was any sincere desire to keep down the
burdens on the peopie.
So much for his first otjsction.
Now, with regard to his second objection—that
in relation to the maaner proposed of raising rev-
enue—he showed the effects of the inequalities in
tbe rates of daiy in ihe bill.
The professed object was to raise levcnuf; but
the real title of the bill should be, A bill to protect
manufacturers. Althot gh it profeses to be for
fi , ncial purposes, it is" in reali'y for protective
purposes. It this twenty ¡even millions is to be
gut for levenue, the question is, bow is it to be
go? The chairman of ¡he Finance Committee
sais it should be ob ained by duties on imp-vis
ai'U.e. He assumes thnt a certain swnd \id of im-
ports tr-ay be taxed at any as'umed rate, without
reduction. But has no' experierce demonstrated
that imports which will bear 20 p=r cent, of duties
W'll not produce the same ratio of revenue if tax-
ed 30 or 35 per cent 1
He proceeded to review Ihe fffects of duties ( n
iniports from the year 1789 down to 'ho present
time. He showed that, up to the vear 181G, ihr-re
was no revenue txceedinx from 12i to 25 per cent.
These were tariffs for ievfnue alon->. But after
the year 181G, the expenses of the war were made
a pretext for a tariff for a different purpose. In
1828, tbe ma«k was entirely throtrti off; and tariff
was considered a divine right for purposes of pro-
tection.
But the average of the tariff oí 1828 w«* no
