tu
Another member from that Stars, elected to the
same Congress, [General Dickson,] took cold from
the exposure to which he Was subjected in travel-
ling here, which terminated m his death Hu
colleague [Mr. Claiborne] was confined nearly the
whole of the 'ession frota sickness, brought on in
the same way. But it was useless to deism the
House with other ms'ances of similar exposure,
detention, and eipeme, which he could instance.
His expenses were but little lessithan a thousand
dollars, from the time he left his home uattl he
reached this place. A money-making business!
There was not, (Mr G. said) as he believed, a
member on this floor from the West or Southwest,
■whose pay and mileage paid his expenses here. He
thought he could speak with cettamty as to the
members from hisownState, from its admission in-
to the Union to this time, that not one had saved a dol •
lar that Be drew for his pay and mileage. In many
instances they had been bankrupted by the neglect
of their business at home, and their expenditures
here over the amount they had received. The gen-
tleman from the Richmond district can tell within
half an hour of his arrival or departure from his
home for this city. We in the West and South-
west often miss our calculation1! by weeks
Before taking h>s seat, he must express his sur
prise at the remarks of the hon rabie gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Fillmore ] the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means That gentle-
man had deprecated, m bib usual forcib'e manner,
long sessions of Congress, and had suggested a
remedy to put a stop to them This complaint
comes with a bad grace from him. Here we are
in the midst of the lorgest «es ion of Congre s,
(wiih probably the exception of some one during
the last w sr,) that has ever sat mice the foundation
of this Government,—in the midst of it, for we have
not designated at what time we intend to adjourn;
and yet we have been in se sion longer than any
of our predecessors, wi h the excep'ion alove-
named; and who is to blame for u? Sir, (said
Mr G ) the de'ay is chargeable to the gentleman
himself, and no other. At his doar Joes the re-
sponsibil ty of tms long session res), and with a
of his arguments and tact, he cannot put it else-
where. His omnipotent powrin th o House is
known and 'elt, and must be acknowledged. T-e
great measure of this session (the tariff) only came
to us from the commute  ot winch he is chair-
man when we ought to have been ready to ad
journ and go home, in tead of b°ing reported in
the month of Januaiy, as it should have been,
which would have brought this session to a clcse
long ago.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the gentleman from
Mississippi to permit him to give the reason why
that bill was not reported sooner. After the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury wao referred to
them, they sat for seven hours p r day, constantly
laboring to matare tne details of the bill The de-
lay was with the Tieasury Dervrtmcf', who had
been often and earnestly bejjgod ty ihe onfu'ittv
and this House to s°nd in a report H  thought it
an act of cuty to the commiUce to ¡i-ske t'iis s ate-
ment in answer to the unc?i!ed f<.r 'ttack upon it
that had beeu male by tie honorable gentleman
fro^i Mis is-ippt
Mr. GWIN said he 'iad unkr ood tn-U it
was the practice of this House >o call on t ,e d •
partment for a pioject wü n íl¡, ..-po.^n sub
¡ect had been pcfd upon ¡,p e ofor<, bu* i p mou^h'
it a practice mote honied in th b< act ti i >h°
observance In tht m tunee, in 'an -ulir, l> it-
iterated the charge toa' i was i o excise lv t"e
Commute'of Ways and Mean1- for not lepomng
a bill en this ímptrunt sub|ect in Jan-^y last
It was known to the com.nu fe a^d he wh 'e
country that legislauon on this great subject
must be had bt ore i'-e 30 h or .aii, it we
d door dun, yttwe bad ilm. st jrnft\ Pi ina(
period of t'e se s^ion bef^ e pe loirmutpp re-
ported their b il Ttu> great <i <f i jis spt i iii
cannot o- thro n up * tuc Ei-crui"- cr ,a'
Secretary (f the 'freí u',. Í s b en com
muted here m tr ¡> hull b t ■"> ip< i , y— i
a triumphant majomy—ud >>y dii g n'^mai
himse f He knt,w thit it ras o s0lJ3e eoj "
qaence to this maj< ruy to get a repoit i.orn ihe
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury Department, to have some excuse for the
oppressive tariff they intended to pass; and they
were fully gratified by that report and bill, that
created, by its miserable defects and unjust • re-
visions, an apology for the monstrous tariff bill
that was reported by the committee and has been
passed by .his House
The gentleman need not attempt to shift the re-
sponsibility off his own shoulders and fix it on the
Secretary of the Treasury. He was bound, as the
financial organ of this House, to report his bill of
supply before bis appropriation bills, and no man
doubts, if he had done so, we would have p?ssed
upon it leng since, and we would now have bsen
a our homes. The gen'leman is backed by a
powerful majority here, that enables htm to pass
any of bis bills. He his bad added to his power
anoiher instrument, never before us d m th.s Gov-
ernment—the power of stopping discussion, he
gag and the hour rule, by which he can determine
to a minute when a bill wi'l pass this House. Yet
here we sre, doing nolhiBg, have done nothing but
pass bills that we knew would be vetoed, by wh ch
political capital may be made in the country He
wou'd condemn such a course, no milter what
par y pursued it. And Jet gentlemen do as they
may, and say vh?t they please, the respon-ibily is
here, and the people will place it here, and hold us
to a solemn account for our delay in despatching Ihe
public business
Like the gen leman from N w Yoik, [Mr. Fill
morf,] he did not expect to hold a seat on ih s
floor after the present Congress, and he would
therefore speak imoar'ially of the Ml berore uu.
He did not think there was a gentleman here who
did not spend, m ihe pp 'ormance of his du'y,
every dollar he rccuvsl for mleage and per diem.
Yet, as a measure of rt-fcm, he vas willing to
vo'e for it
Mr BOWNE deemed himself fortuna e in ob-
tains g the floor, that he might spread before tKe
country the motive* that would induce the vo.« h*
should give. It had been well remarked bv the
member from Albany, that there -was not ■ me
enough left to play out this game at 'h-s p'otrtcted
peno 1 of the session, and further, that, so far "s re-
gard-d the pay and mileage of members of Cop-
gic s there wa  nothing that called on this C"r-
giess, to pa«s such a law as hid been mttoduced by
the honorable member from Tences-ee. He had
met this question—as he had met every ques'ion that
hiu been presented here ior his vote—boldly an}
without any desire to avoid or dodge the question.
He had given such a„voteashis judgmentcUctpted,
tm\ he was not disposed to see ihe qaeslion shuf-
fled offby reference to acomia t!ee,w',ere uwou'd
go to t'ie tomb of the Capulels, never to be heard of
again He was for meeting tne question on its
merits, on the motion to reject the bill, and he had
voted for toe rejecnon.
Great misapprehension ("úi B said) prevailed
on .he sjtbj"ct of ¡he pay of member, of Congress.
He knew iha' a great many were of the opinion
that t'iey wpre reecivmg exorbitant wages, ard
liiui-h beicrd uh?t they c' •■*. ed This h  u  der-
toik to controvert Hf wss prepared to aomit,
*i(n his eillepgue, thit a grp^t evil d d exi-. , ard
he was willing to rem d; it m ihe way he pro-
rosed. Much of the evil t'.-t ex s'td rp-n1 ed f am
f-e nbscn"? of men,i03*- from thurdu e^, ao^ he
a 'ce1 w h his collfa°ue'hat the most apou jna e
re-Yi dy woull be to cut eff the pay oi s"ch meti-
1 er', unless iney --noutd he i^ent bv Itave of t e
Hous" He k p« lha! ope , duri •  t us ses^o i, a
ma ter of ihc n stttf'tit i ec ssi!j ( c' ne=o it> h ,
fa'adj) cal'ed h m away ard h" vvjs 'a n~d for
osv/rUdays, bm he would haye gore under the
rperat'on oi ucn a law ?s his colleague propr ¿d
He   o ila ' .lur^ly h-t re rel rqui--hed l< ■> p¿i Jirm,
rah?rth'n hi/e era íned i cr , circunrs ancel as
h wa He h3d n > dou^t ti at i ¡.er h^nirab'e
membcis vho hao b°e,i a05ent « d naie hj'vrt
 b good rea jn„ fir i a. h* did An sue i ese.
<oiid be povikifo .ill- f ! suces ' u\ his
cod<-ague. If a mi--nb>.i s'l ul I I ,t SUJ Cy
Hi "t i , oi if s> a        sno  M    crur i. hi, t¿>mily,
ih- rIou p (Vou'g c^~ ("p aim, but f e hou\ '>e
ab em m the pur ut eimer of cl asui- )i ] wn
private business then justicp .equ red thi hscora-
pensatiou should be suspended This, he believed,
would cure the evil under which the House had so
often labored, of wanting aquor'tm, and which 'iad
so much impeded the business of the session. But
the gentleman who introduced this bt 1 coatended
that members of Congress were receiving more
than iheir services were wor¡h------
Mr. ARNOLD deaied he had said any such
thing
Mr. BOWNE. How then could the gentleman
account for the miroduuion if the bill?
Mr. ARNOLD said that he introduced the bid
because h- believed that, m turner like these, mem-
bers of Congress weie called upon to make sac-
nficss foi the good of the country.
Mr. BOWNE s.aid it was far from him to im-
peach the motives 0f thf gentleman, and he had
no inclination to enlist par) fchngs; but what (he
asked) could have induced thp member to introduce
a bill of this description, if he was not of the
opinion that members of Congress were receiving
more than uiey deserved? Had the constituents of
the geuileman called on him to make a personal
sacrifice' Would any gentkman here admit that
he had a const.tuency who would require him to
come here and labor, day in and day out, with a
neg'ect of his private business, and a sacrifice of
all his domestic comfort, foi less than be now re-
ceived? His cons íuptits (Mr. B sai') would not
return him to this ball, it he expre^ ed 'uch an
opinion of them. But he would like to know if
th" newspaper slang of the day, and the discus-
sions out ct doors, in relation to the per d^em of
members of Congress, had not given n e 'o the
introduction of this b 11. He had seen articles m
some of the political papers, (and he would here
observe that they sere not confined 'o either of
the preat ptl.tippl parties of the day,) a'lacking
indecentl" this House and this Coigns—not only
1   on th- subject of pay and mileage, but on others.
I Í admit (sa d M>. B ) that oui rot doirg is tobe
set down as one of our darkest deeds here, but I do
deny tnt we are obnoxious to the many and m-
dectnt charges that have been made against us.
I He concurred ertirely m the remarks just made by
I the gen l^man who preceded him—tha' the members
of this House had been more poor'y paid than
any individual in the se'viceot the people. Now,
(sa d Mr B ,) let us inquire why u is that the coun-
try enatges u« with receiving more than we ought
to receive. Were those who made the charge
awaie oí all the expenses to which members of
Congress we-e subj cted here? There was one ex-
pendí ure to which hey were subjected, which the
public '"as i ot general.y aware of Members upon
this floor were compelled, almost ex necessilate, to
eiperd hundreds ofdo'lars for he purchase and diu-
tr b moa oí documents to enlighten the public mind
on the important interests of the country This
their constituents expected of them, and members
were m some measure under an obligation to ¡do
it. Tne public at lirge did not understand the
expen es f 1'vm? m this city, for, if ihey d,d, they
wouil -eidily see bow it was tnat members of Con-
C ess could ¡¡oi make money out of their §8 per
day and mde?s . Tms bill might pass and become
a law. He kn„w thit there were gentlemen who
wished to rcuke much cut oi tms ques ion, and who
desrer- to appear before the.r constituents as
ch&mpons u' refeichmer< and refcim, because,
wuhoiu get',r„ up 'om- kind of hamoug, they
could no , p r„ p„, be le urned ag.ia. But let
bita tcil th^m they 'were mistiken, for the pub-
lic won d u-ideis and th  *vhole movement     He
I    would notice  or-' re   ar'  thai had beei made by
| ihegrnlimpa from Tear-es ee who mtriduced the
bil H- nskei th' House to =  ic h>iB bat two
ne ks lo see whethci publ c sent ment w~s not in
favcr of the measure Now, did ftot every man,
woman, and child, kno > that a de'ay of two week*
would dig t .e grave cu the Lin3 The puoii- would
«rde. ta..d tie mmn Would not ti e ron tu-
en's oí^ he -eri'V-iau s^ pi c int he h?d b-ought
'O'wit'i am A^aR tijiihedi ¡ notco i einph e oass.
ng
HfteWr. ARNOLD >nal n cxpia.iation, the
pu \  .< ct \ih ch was not hea'tt
B t I'.'egiaienai pxppr ed ¡b, bill to pi s at
this tes-iun, wly   wa- ¡se  willing to sub.au to the
