196
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
municntion upon the subject The communica-
tion was here read by Mr. M , the purport of
which was: That the first impressions of the de-
partment were, that the loss accruing to the depart-
ment, by the reduction of the rates ot letter-postage
from 6i ar d 124 cents to 5 and 10 cent-f, woald be
nearly, if not quite restored, by enhancing the
charge to 20 centi on those letters liable to 185 cen's
postage; but, upon a more fall examination ui the
subject, it was ascertained that the change in thest
particulars alone would operate a reduction in the
revenues of $112,000, as near a  could be ascer-
tained. But that, by the bill as it now stood,
which reduced the -charge on letters liable to
18i cents postage to 15 cent: , in connexion with
the change originally proposed by the committee,
would cause a reduction in the revenues of the de-
partment of at least $348,000, according to the cal-
culation of the Postmaster General ¿nd .ae chief
clerk, and oth r most expeitenced cleiks, Mr.
Hobble, one oí the assistant Postmaster, General,
calculate? that it would cjase a rtduct.on of
$341,000, or thereabouts, in the if venues Tr.e
revenues of the department could not bear even
the reduction whicn the change proposed by the
committee would produce.
Mr. M. said, under these circumstance*-, he
hoped the Senate would agree to reconsider th 
vote alluded to, which bengdone, h^ would move
to strike out the first section entirely, and leave the
subject to be provided for m a sepaia e till, or
until the next sessit n; at which time the PuStmaster
General has intimated his intention to present ful!
information as to ths effect such a change would
have on the revenues of toe departmen , and to
give some estimates and data upon which a bene-
ficial change could be made.
The question was taken, ind the vote adopting
the amendment was reconsidered.
Mr. MERRICK i.o,v meed to «•rue out the
entire section graluatm? and confo-tung the ra>e
of postage to tha Fedcal cjiB.
Mr. WALKER suet this wa^. the most impor-
tant part of the bill, and formed one of the strongest
arguments with the honorable ctiai man of fie
Post Office Commutee the o'her day,for the ne-
cessity of legt attng. He ( Mr W ) had received
positive inductions to vote for cuch a bi 1 a1?
would conrorm the rates of post g^ to ihe Ft del «i
coin, and thus do av^ay wuh a great mo-'nvtnrr co
to the people of his see ) > tne riimcy pi it c-
ulaily, and to all pa s of the cou tty U ider Ihe
circumstances, he could i ot agre> that  ' is section
should besirtk .lout'nlircty He hoped, m^ ear1 cf
striking out the section, thp ehanniai «ould make
his motion ¡>o at to take tlie original pioposit.on of
the committee, reducing ¡he retes on the lot ere
chargeable v<nh 6i ird l°i eenu to 6 ir.d 10 een^,
and mcreas ng the rate to 20 cen's on those chaige-
able with 18J cents He did not brieve this would
work a serious decrease in tV revenue., of the de-
partment.
Mr MERRICK satd he had just Stated, on the
authority of ihe Postmaster Genera!, mat the b P,
as reported by the cominee, \ u«.ld opnatc a a
reduction m the reverues to the amount of
#112 000, and Iba that officer feared, if it was per-
sisted i", it would ha.~ the effect of d.saohog h'm
from meetm  t' e ex^e^e, r f t •> Jcpaifrq iit by
the revenues of tne d p-rr er i an 1 a the -íme
time of conanuirg 'he presen . ¡ ou"t cí t_ ail fa-
cilities.
The CHAIR sail th" q-tsi n «oi 1 be oil
striking ou tfe whole s<\  " >
Mr McPOBBRTá i.uptd tie    -   ion   o „      e
out the ^ hrl" ^ect.on boj d ru pi  ,a '     tie \ ■>>
xtremely desirous that lis rf t    , , o^a  ^iaJ
be made to t n'brm to fie F d rai co n Ii ci uid
e easilj'don-, oy amiíif]t"g    ¡i  „eci... i  i-  «at
manner as "c«i obfm''wit desu.      ur  'vi.n ut
lessenmc the r^>^nua     f iht depTtmpn'.
Mr. WALKER   uj      -i  to  V ct an n?a to
make th'- motion ¡o   ttj,  c .if   -nd i' ">-t t e "a
tion as it originally sooau'k   « acred fui  the
committee
Mr MERRÍCT-fil } <      '  w?     -y  u,,po t
the sectioL, whi ii   be ng ¡we, t1" S" >a oi "rrtrs
Mississippi could Bicke a naon n K   t->  -ftect in
dicattd.
Mr. LINN inquired of the chairman whether
the chief lrduce.ncnt for passing the bill was not
to make the postage conform .o the Federal com.
He had anderstood so, from the remarks of the
cnaitman the o'her day. He inquired whether it
was not 'he whole point in the question In con-
forming the bill to the Federal cot i, you are not
necessarily obliged <o lessen the revenues of the
department
Mr. MERRICK lepeated his former remarks as
to the s-mount tbe revenues would be reduced by the
adoption of either of the propVitions, as his
reason for not wismng to carry out the object
originally desired—of fixing the rates to the Federal
com.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested to the chairman,
that, if the bill were recommitted, he might so fra ne
it as to conform it to the Federal con?, without
causing an? reduction m the revenues.
Mr. CALHOUN was understtod to say that he
was not willing to encounter the responsibility ot
voting foi a proposition wbiAh the head of the de-
partment said would reduce the revenues from
$112,000 to #120,000 He hoped, therefore, that toe
bill would be recommitted to the T'ost Office
Committee, with a v ew of to training the bill as
to secure the e-d deSired, without le-semng the rev-
entas of the department. He was opposed to do-
ing an act v hich would cause that d partment to
be thrown as a heavy chatgs upon tne common
treasury.
Mr KING was decidedly in favor ot conform-
ing* tbe rates ef pa-tPge  *> h" W-ítor-l rrin j^ QiS
section of tne country, almost all the small denom-
ination ot change were of tbe Federal com, and h s
people were, therefore, much m'erestt d in the
changed proposed. A great many le'tsrs and
memorials had been forwarded to him from ¡us
f-tate, asking him to endeavor to bring about such
a change, but lie held that it was ngbt to take no
slep, important ?s the el arge was to his constitu-
ents, wtieh would have the Undsncy to reduce tne
revenues ot the department, so as to prevent the
necessary mail facilities oeing extended to every
sectton oi the country. It was of more importance
to enable the department to meet its engagements,
than to correct the e^ils. c^mplawd of I''"as
bettfi to end re an evil, than to incur a greater
one by a tempting to torrea it He believed the
bill Cviul! be regulated to the. Federal com, wuhoiit
reducing the rate «n po^t^ge. He hopeu it, would
be recommitted.
Mr. MERRICK was opposed to recfmmitting
the bill. It would delay the action on it so long
thtxt ttse other House would not paes it The other
 °clions of the bi 1 w<>re lmp'ru^t. t> secure th<"
te\'Pv.es oi the cVpaitme ■>', and, by strJung out
this section, the oill could be passed without d---
¡a>,a d then another bill could be reported to-
nioirow, fixing the rate of postage
Mr. WALKER said he, for one, could not tor a
moment agree to separ?ts the sec'ion fixing the
rates to the Fedei?l coin, from the other sections of
the bill. If it was eone, they \ oald 1 e*r no Ht g
n >re aboi.  tt.a' oect on.
M¡. Vj. submitted a plf.n contormi.ig the
rat s to ¡is Federal com, and sn„riot)Ug tne
disiaacis (theiety ilcr rs'ni! .he rjosUge ru cer-
tain classes of letters) to m-'ke up wr a >y supposed
loss s m the *ev nt e
Mr T>i,L.?..RICK made some remark  asai^it
th^ ,)M-> p>-opo ed. The Senator's proposition, he
s'lo, w.s o^sed on p mathematical calculation,
vh'h ' cu'd ii;t do prrcticflly The distance 
hd," tu be lived wi'h reference o t',e ioca irii of
the ci'.ej. , ni ^t°t otacas, snd could ro' be maJe to
Ma >ri e, in all eases, a ¡nJueuUrnambe of ni' s,
with ut cp^rat rg ui-= ¿vantage usly on Jie r¡;vc-
EU"i cf f>e department
x\L. BUCHANAN sa d n« ft a convince , the
o.Le>- da^, when the prtpo t]0n to í,jr ibe raes oí
pesiage v, •>- x nt'er con iaeri it n, ihdta g-eat n mi
nu <on of r-vti na ^otild be tne eff et of tj¡ pas-
tado He ynre ed hiTPir 'o on tae aip^nament
ps rropo ed ?nd it'rcinii bv he ci-jirm n if
tV Com.mt re < n tne P ist O Tice and P^n ii >ad
He tbei ^¡A ¡hat ih<",' o_,gti' rot o pa>« „ny tvth
b. I, v hhout an 'flic a' and responsible repoi' f om
the d partmect as to wtat would be lis eíTee . on
the revtnues. It never woald do to maks the Post
Office Department a charge upon the general treas-
ury.
Mr B. saal the Postmaster General, in his com-
munication, requests of you not to touch the mat-
ter at the present session, and states that he will, at
ths next session of Congrew, turmsh data to enable
us to frame a bill understanding^. When there
will be but two or three months or *o to elapse be-
fore the meeting of the next Congress, ought we
not *o mdu'ge that officer in hu withe^ or will you
go into it bl ndly, without knowing ft hat will be
ihe effect on the revenues of the department? He
(Mr. B ) won! i t ot be governed b/ recommenda-
tions witaout estímales If the section were st'icken
out, it would no. delay action upon the object of it
foi more than three o> tout months He would not
move one inch on such a ^ubj ct without full and
proper estimates from tbe department Therefore
be would vote against the recommitment of the
bill, and for the first section to bs stricken out, to
enable us to have the estima'es from the depart-
ment to govern u*. at 'he nest session of Congress,
when the object could be better accomplished of
conforming the rates of postage to the Federal com,
which he was in favor of
The quet-tion on reconiaiitmeiit ras pat, and de-
cided in the negative—ayp   14, noes 20.
The question recurring on the mo'ion to strike
out tne first section,
Mr. WALKER said he felt bound to resist it.
It embraced the very ooject which he was instruct-
ed to vote fot He su?cested to the chairman to let
I the vote Is fi_st takci on a motion >o amend the
bill as he (Mr   W ) had suggested.
Mr MERRICK had no objectioa to let the Sen-
ator ftom Mississippi 'est tne sen e of the Senate
' on his amendment.
Mr WALKER tht-n moved to amend the bill,
as md'catcd m a previous pan of his rtmarks,
conform ng the rates of postage to'tne Federal coin,
withou. lessening the revenue of the department.
Tne quesUon was put, and the amendment was
disagreed to
The question was then put on the motion of Mr.
Merrick, and the first section of the bill «as stricken
out
Mi MERRICB said some gentlemen had taken
pains to asceitanj that tue size of the newspaper
taken as a bas s (being 1 307 square inches) was
not as large as some of ihe daily papers, and sug-
gested ttsa' the b?^s had better be exterded. To
meet their views, tnersfore, he put it at 1,400
square inches
Mr. SIMMONS s-),d some of the daily papers
"vc lid be liable to 14 cents postage, if 1 307 were
reta ned to regulate the sizi of those papers liable
to one cent postage.
Mr MERRICK thought the Jou-na' of Com-
merce was large enough, which was 1,307 inches.
If there were other daily papers larger, they could
rtdi ce the si¿' He therefore wou'd net make the
mo oti.
M- CaiTi'EJSTOEN thought it would be better
¡i co tiorai the b I to the s a'e of things as they
ex t
Mr SIMMONS sad th' New York Enquirer
and Express w uid measure almost 1,400 square
inches.
Mr. MERRICK tr- n moved to ni« it 1,459
square inches as the size.
Mi PRESTON inquired f the object was to
put an e.id to the .r-gt pasrrs.
Mr. níERRICX  a'd it w?s intended ti put an
er I to tne e tncrmtns sheets, which comprised
voiitmes of rnakcx
The a a-ndritnt fixing the s Z3 at 1 450 square
inches w0s sgie d to
[inis tvli uake \hP I'ouole-size Brother Jona-
tlun anutouole Ntw V/orHltall to $14 postage,
f r  ' trraboai1- j
Tne Bi'1 v as 'h. p ordeieti to be enjr ss c", which
n.-vn  be°n done, it was ¡tad'he hud time and
pa^-sid
On motion of Mr MERRICK, tne title cf tbe
«¡Ii ftd «ru "up' % as tc r<*M, ' Ao act to piotect
the revenue, an5 to ui-nirísh the charges on tlje
general tre. sur j of he Post Oiflce Department."
