798
#ad •üiat H was now pro >o*ed io reduce that aver-
8|e 10 20 per cent.
Mr. SfMMONS pii ceeded The gentleman had
bimseif shown that, upon unportatiots to the value
of swy millions of pounds, sterling in E iglanj,
twenty-two millions of pounds were coilec'ed,
makmg the rate about the same as the average
rate es'abbshed by this, bill—namely, 36 per cent,
and, as to discrimination, there was no country in
the world, he behaved, that made so great discrim-
ination.
The Senator had said yes'crday that a lower
rate of duty would y eld a higher revenue. Un-
doubtedly, where the duties were so h'gh as to
amount ¡o a prohibition, a reduction of the duty
would incease the revenue The advocates for
the restoration of the ¡and fund founded one of
their arguments upon the difficulty of procuring
revenue from a high tariff, but because England
conld not increase he - revenue by increasing h=r
tariff, it wss no aigument why we should not rai«e
the dunes m this country to the same standard as
exists in Great Bntain, All the legislation in
Qrea' Britain respecting free tiade was founded m
the utmost desire to favor her own productions—
the ¡.reductions of her colonies-, while she was es
pecaily careful that they should not be interfered
with from abroad Wouisi it be sound policy, then,
on the part of this, country, to continue to strength
en the hands of our rival, &nd to break down and
destroy the best interests of tnis country'! Their
recent enactment, then, should be no rule to
guide us.
The Senator from New Hampthtre had drawn a
distinction between the elates of peopl  intended
to be benefited by this bill—between the overgrown
manufacturing establishments, and the agricultural
population and laborer. The whole force of his
argument rented upon the fancied pieference tiut
would be given to the interests of the manufac-
turers, and that the bill was not so much intended
for revenue as for protection. He demanded
whether there had beea any petitions from manu-
facturers praying such protection. The great ma-w
of the petitions that had been presented to Con-
gress upon the subject of the tariff, had come from
the grpat body of the producers throughout the
country In trutn, the mam interest of the manu-
facturers themselves consisted m sustaining the ag-
ricultural ínteres s T'ip Senator had fone into a
calculation, to show ths difference in importance ot
the two interests.—those oí the manulac urers and
the agriculturists—by showing the great dispropor-
tion m numbers between the two cla^e .
He (Mr. S.) would tp&t the argument of ihe
hosorable Senator who bad adup ed ths decline
of the advoca'es of free trade and ftr hard-money
system, and contended that these duties vvou'd op-
erate as a poll-tax, falling upon ibe agriculturists
more severely than the manufacturers, ¡n the pro
portion of eleven to one. If, instead of having
duties upon impor's, ths revenue for the- support
of the Government were to be rai ed by direct taxa-
tion, as the Senator seemed to desire, he would ask
him if he supposed tnt farmeis of this cuuuiry
would feel a Ks burden? There was not specie
enough in the country to pay ihe taxes of the Gen
eral Government and their Slate taxes put together.
The system would in one year's f m; cud n a
perfect failure. Toe Senator hid said there wt-r 
do'ibla duties in 1816, and they filled to lai-a suf-
ficient revenue for ib  rxpfel <-es of the Govern
ment So they did, but u mu t Be recollected 'hat
tT.at was in lime of war, when our coast was
blockaded, but m tiiie of peace, he bd eved ilvre
bad never been a fa lure to raise sufficient revermp,
wh-n the rate <f duties feassuffieieniy higi.
Tnere was i«o neoescity ¡or resor ¡n? to an im-
post, and he trus'H there was gooo seri't? en< u^li
id the county io see ttie loiDoliey and impropriety
of making the expeument He (Mr S ) Wds in
favor of a umfonn ws'em of revenue from du-
tipy, at a Uniterm and established valuation, in-
stead of this vae'iihtiag <-"ar"e. Thoy had mw
a bill beforetnem whic'i ha! come recomtrien led
by the sanction oí the House, and woica conform-
ed almost entirely with the recommendation of th 
Executive Department. He (Mr. S.) would there
fare vote for it, not because  he considered it the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
very best, bu. because it conionned very ne&rSv to
tne recommendation of the Executive, and IBM re-
ceived the "auction of theHotssa of Repres.nU-
tives
It had been asked, who were respondo t for the
present condition of affairs? He(VIr S ) thought
the responsibility rested with ihose who had de-
feated the passage oí the bill for continuing the
present rate of duties, and be certainly preferred to
take the bill as it is, rather than the present state of
things should continue. We had spent a week in
endeavoring to amend the little tariff bill, and all
to no purpose, and therefore he was for making no
amendment whatever to this one
Mr. S proceeded to examine, m de'ail, the
various «tides adverted to by the Senator from
New Hampshire yesterday, in order lo disprove
his argument that an increased ¡ate of duties
upon those arttoles would operate oppressively
upon the agricultural and laboring classes
Thp Senator had included two other elasses,which,
he as-erleJ, would be grestly injured—namely,
the merchants and the shipowners; and yet b's
strongest (bi cuon to the bill was, that Dy it at) ad-
ditional duly of 10 per cent v.ould be imposed
upon goods imported in foreign ve-sels. Our traae
had hitherto been too much in the hands of for-
eigners., and he (Mr. S.) was for affording protec-
tion to American ship-owners by a differential
duty He was for protecting all clashes He
would go as far as any man to give faci'mes to
every branch of American industry, but he did not
regard the export trade as being  f more value
than a similar amount to be consumed at home
The arguments m favor of a free-trade policy lest
up jn the supposition that everything depends on
exports Suppose the duties were reduced to 5
per cent would it open to us any market that was
not so already?
if they would stimulate industry, and revive
trade lti this country, they must provide a market
at hem" H" felt bound to declare his deliberate
conviction that, unless some uniform system of
revinue should be provided at this session, which
would be adequate to Ihe necessities of the Gov-
ernment, tne evils under which the country labored
were but jusi commencing; they were slight, m
comparison to what they would become, Ii any-
thing was ca'cttlated to res-tore and maintain the
credit of this Government, it was a well-iegula'ed
system of impost duties
The apprehension of capitalists, in regard ¡o the
States, arose from the fact that they possessed no
o her m >an«> of raising r« venue than by direct tax.
ation.
The question of a tariff was one that was vital
to the very existence ct the Government, and he
believed that the bill ncv before them, or ¡>ome
similar measure, that would have the effect of
sustain ng industry, and reviving confide ice, and
giving a stability to ths fiaancal affairs ot the
Government, should ee adop'eJ.
Mr. WOODBURY s id, though he was delib-
erately and decidedly opposed to the tariff system,
it vas not btcauise he was hostile to the manufac-
turing interests. All he desired was equal privi-
leges The gentleman was entirely mistaken in
supposing, however, that he was unqualifiedly the
advocate f r direct taxation Hio opinion vas,
that they should coll ct all the revenue they could
obtain from customs at a r<Ue of 20 or 25 per cent ,
Uke back the iand fund, and then, wha pver ¿ofi-
cie'ey there migat be should be a nurden upon
property.
Afpt simp further observation  b/ Messrs.
WOODBURY  nd SÍMMON3—
Mr. CALHOUN < ttagested the propPny of t>-
gmnijg to morrow moriimg at 12 o'clock with toe
aacnd i ents, in tietr ordei, ana proceeding on
them ti'l "he bt'l h-uild b¿ eomp eted, \ fa n the
gtnera! diacuo- on could proceed in Te cati fact'Ti-
lt, es all would know t's >s tied provisions, and no
time would be wasted m debating what ra bt bs
r jec'eü
Mr. EVANS concurrei wnb the S'istor chat
such 'xould be the proper course.
By general assent, ihe bul was pasbed over in-
formally: and
On motion of Mr CRITTENDEN, the bill en-
titled An act supplementary to the act entitled "An
act to ,-meod the judicial system of the United
States," (being the bill ordered tobe ¡mgros.ed for
a third reading on Saturday last,) making a new
arrangement of the judicial districts of ihe United
States, and making a new district of the States of
Alabama and Louisiana, was taken up, farther de-
bated, amended, read a third tim?, and passed—
yeas 33, nays 6
Mr- BE <RIEN then moved to go into executive
session: there was some business which would re-
quire but a few moments to dispose of
Mr. SEVIER moved «n adjournment.
The Senate refused to adjourn; but agreed to go
mtoexecutive sessttin, and, after a short time spent
therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 27, 1842.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin obtained the removal
of certain papers in relation to harbors in Wis-
consin from a commtttee of the House to a com-
m.ttee of the Senate.
Oa the motion of Mr MILTON BROWN, the
Committee on the Judicial was discharged from
the consideration of the «emorial of members of
the bar and citizen* of the Territory of Florida, rel-
ative to the judge uf the supreme court oi East
Florida, and it was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. STANLY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported, with an amendment, the Senate
bill entitled "An act to refund the balance due to
Massachusetts for disbursements during the late
war with Great Britain," and it was committed to
the Committee of the Who'e House on the state
of the Union.
Mr BARNARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported, wnh an amendment, the Senate
bill entitled "An act to extend the provisions of an
act entitled 'An act to regulate procetses in the
courts of the United States,' passed the 19th
May, 1828"
He explained it to be merely a bill to extend to
IhP S'aies which had been admitted into the Union
since 1828, the provisions of a law of 1898 regard-
irg process isbued in the courts of the United
States, and it was red a third time, and passed.
Mr BREWSTER, from the Committee on the
Public Land--, reported, without amendment, the
Senate bill enUt'ed "An act for the benefit of the
county cf Holt, in the State of Missouri," and it
was read o. third time, and passed.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, icported «.uhout amendment the Senate
bill entitled "An act for the rebef of persons re-
sid tig within the reputed limits of the States of
Arkansas or Louisiana, and beyond the boundary
line between the United Slates and the Republic of
Texas, as established by ihe commissioners ap-
pointel to ascertain the same," and the bill was
rommi ted to the Committee of the Whole House
on 'he state of the Union
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made the following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affans, to which was referred the
message of the President of the United States of the 24th of
June, 1842 covering a communication from the Earoy Extraor-
dinary and Minister P'empoteDtiar) fiom France, proposing the
establishment, at the joint expense and co operation of the Gov-
ernments of the United States and oi France of a line of weekly
ateamen between the poits of Havre and Ne  York have at
tended to that service The commut°e are of opinion that
many weighty considerations recommend the acceptance of
this pi opos ft, and they are awai e of i one, except the amount of
tipense which it may occasion, which can counteract them
f he committee report the foiiowing resolution
Resolved That the Piesident of the United States be re-
lueaied to cau e to bcpicpared and leponed to this House t>y
the secrelanes ol Sfite and of the l\avy, at the commence
mu-t of the next session of Cong.eas a plan for the establish
ment, in conceit with the Government of France, of a line of
weekly steame.s between the polls of Havre and New York,
toireihe-with estimates rf the expense which may be required
to canylnesaulpjan m oeffect
Th  resolution was agreed to.
Mr. J COOPER, from the Committee on Indian
Affair , reported without amendment the Senate
bill entitled An act for the relief of Marston G.
Clark; and it was committed to the Committee of
th  Whole House.
