BOO                                                       CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
correct the inequality exig'iog in the compensation
of members, in the way of mileage; but he thought
it cuu d not be leuedted in tne «ay proposed.
Mr. S. referred to the hardships which would
be inflicted on these officers of the Government
who were receiving the lowest salarie?, and denied
that mere was any sach cbaogi in the prices of the
articies of living as would justify it.
He objected to a hoiizontal tedaciion of 25 per
cent, oa all offieors; aad enumerated collectors,
keepers of light-houses, foreign ministers, &e , to
¡some of whom it wcuid be ocjust and injurious.
Mr. FES3ENDEN moved the previos  ques-
tion; and it was^fctained by the House.
Mr. HUBARD called for the yeas ani nays en
the main qussum; and they were ordered, and
taken, as follow—yeas 86, nays 82.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The SPEAKER then announced that th? de-
cision of the House had brought them back upon
the motion of the gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr.
R. W. Thompson] ¡o commit the bill to a select
committee, wi'h insti actions to inquire into the ex-
pediency of striking om ¡he bill, and inserting a
substitute which he yesterday proposed; the pur-
port of which was, that each member should ba
entitled to $8 per diem for each day of cmal at-
tendance (and not for days on which he might be
absent, unless his absence was caused by sickness,
or was permitted by the House) during the first
five months of a session ; from the expiration of
which period, the per diem to be diminished month-
ly one-fourth. He also proposed that tha mileage
of members should be calculated by an air line.
Mr. SHIELDS moved to strike out the instruc-
tions of the gentleman from Indiana, and insert
his graduated scale for the reduction of salaries
and emoluments of public officers and members
of Congress.
Mr. TtLLINGHAST suggested that (here were
difficulties in the way of this latter proposition, as
the pay of members of Congress during the short
session would not amount to a sum to be reached
by it.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi called for the
yeas and nays on the amendment of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Shields;] and they were or-
dered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, when the proper tune
came, be should ai>k for a division of the question,
that the vote might be taken separately on the com-
mittal and on the instructions.
Mr. M. A. COOPER dasired to am nd tha
amendment, so as to provide that this ac should
not apply to any officer or member of Congress
who shall faithfully and diligently lab-.r ia his of-
fice ten hours a day, Suada}s exceo'ed.
The amendment was net accepted.
Mr UNDERWOOD remarked that, if this mat-
ter were not to be interminable, they ought to com-
mit it.
_ Mr. FE3SENDEN moved the previous ques-
tion, bat it wa* not seconded; the vote being 80 in
the affirmative, and 81 in the negative.
Mr. HOUSTON then called the attention of the
House to'a bill which had been some time on their
tables, for the reduction of the salaries r.f the effl.
cers of the Government, and was the same, in ef-
fect, as the bill under discussion, except in relu-
tioa to members of Congress He was understood
to intimate that he should hereafter move that bill
as a substituía for the present one.
Mr. CUSHING opposed a reduction of the pay
of members of Congress, It w?s a mat:er o;
principle, and one fairly to be consHsrt J, whether
membeis if the legislative department ct u>u
Government should receive any pay whatever.
They know, by an ejq.erk-au; of the" woritins; of
such a system tn governments where h-islato's
were not paid, that the privilege of occupying seats
and legislating tt-as exelu-ivelv coafi.ied to the
rich, or to rneie politic ! advemweis, who me*;.t
to make a gain cf politic-. Inadequate pay con'd
nut be di-'mguish.-d 1,-nrn no payment; f«r \:t
effr-eis would be the same, and ihetéforc he w¡>, oí
opinion that members ought to have adequate pay.
He contended, however, that this bill should go to
a committee, (for it appeared to be the determina-
tion of the tlousa to pass it tuto a law,) so that it
might be perfected witn deliberation, and not, es J
had been suggested by one gentlerr'sn, be left to j
the Senate to perfect.                                               j
Mr. PROFFtT made some remirki < n t^e in-
sincere vo.es which had evidently be>-n giien on
on this bill; and, in that connexion, alluded ¡o the
denunciations which were beaptd upon him at the
eatly part of the session, for venturing to affirm
that there was occasionally in that House msineere
legislation.
He continued his rerrarks for some lime in op-
position to the bill, contending that th  salan?s of
all the ofiVers of the Government were already as
small as they could comfortably live upon.
Mr. S. MASON followed, and aiso opposed ¡he
bill. In the course of hi  remarks, h  was interrupted
by Messrs. THOMPSON of Indiana and SPRIGG.
Mr. THOMPSON expressed hi* willingness to
wi'hdraw his motion to commit the bill, witi in-
structions, provided it should be comrnitied without
further opposition, and that the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr, Shields] would also widtdraw his
t-otion fiT instructions; to which arrangement Mr.
S. acceded.                                                              |
Mr, POWELL read for information an amend-
ment, which he wished to offer. It provided that
the compensation of members should be $8
per day for the first six months of any ges.-ton, and
after that time that a progressive reduction of $2 per
month should take place; also for a more equita-
ble mode of estimating the mileage.
Mr. COOPER oí Georgia believed that the prop-
er mode of economizing would be by cutting off
useless salaries and useless expenditures, and not
by reducing the compensations ot those who labor-
ed diligently and faithfully in the public service.
His obj.-ct would be to economize tirnt; and that
would be a substantial and practical economy.
There were, in his opinion, many officers, in all the
branches of the Government, who had not suffi-
cient business to fill up their time; and, by dispen-
sing with these, snd distributing iheir duties among
(hove who were retained, a sufficient leduction
would be effected. The same principle might be
applied to Congress. How many members were
there who, during the long sessions oí the Houi-e,
from 10 o'clock till 5 or 6, who worked on an
average of four hours a day? Here was a subject
for reform, that would bo productive of economy.
Tnose members of Congress who did their duty
faithfully did not receive too roach; bat those who
did not work should oe left to ths-r constituents,
whose duty it «as to send more d:ligent men in
their places. By properly econo-rf zirg the time of
the House, at lea?t two months of the ses-ion would
be saved; and here (Mr. C. said) would be a
doable economy. Taeir constituents would not
only save the amount of thtir* compensations for
those two months, but, by their returning home
that much sooner, and engaging in the business of
their callings, they would add so much ¡o the pro
due'ive wealth of the country.
He would apply this principle to all the depart-
ments of the Government—to the army, the navy,
and to the civil department; and, for tne purpose
of effecting anything useful or practical, th<5 Ex-
ecutive should co-operate. He should bt a; ia-
ciliar with the Blae Book, a.id ths duties «>C i-;ery
man enroled in it, -is ..a Í5 with hts Bible. He
should leek into the amount of the work per-
forms d by every public officer-, a«d where he
found ¡hat a man had little or nothing to do, Ue
should di-pente withhii  services, or fcomme'.'ii to
Congress to cd* off ''.is >a!«y. In justification of
fhe*e views, hi ¡v.,gal be excused for following the
examsli  set hita '->y other gentbrnsn, and seeauiug
of himself. He « nceived thai there was ass nb-
iiiJliori rettirg ou h.m, tsMona as he remained, in
Gondii.'.", ts> labor diligently, fat'htoit/, and traty
in ihe set vice of his comrtituent*. "Thj-i bad h en
his cours<- in that hail snd out of it; for the eiraes
he p-^iorrned in th>. halt w;.- hut a tv.i-ni of the
denos tv-si^ned him. Hi- panlice w> i<* rise v.ith
the sun; and. ir.U-e-i, he, might ^n, .cut, j-.i ihe
sii.bim wheu >m-s «ere requiivO, he natt foun * ;>-■ 
s ii'f.nti, m Woshii.gt .n smart en. ush to rts> in
time to rniko his fire ior h-.nr. he had ger - iliy lo
mtite it himself. Fiom that time till the r-eentg
of the House., ae was always employed; add while jf
«he House, was in sswion, he made it a rule never
to be absent, exespt when it was indispensably
recesüary.
Mr. C. was here interrupted by a question from
Hi. ANDREWS of Kentucky, which was not
heard. After which Mr. C. went on tj eiplaia
what his views of retrenchment and economy were.
He did not bslteve that economy consisted ia re-
taining a number of useless officers, and paying
them salaries, and at the same time reducing the
,pay of those who labored diligently and faithfully
in the public service. In conclusion, Mr. C. said
he should go for the commitment of the bill; and
if it could be so amended as to accomplish any
useful results, he should vote for it. From what
he had seen, however, he had no expectation of its
being put in such a shape as to effeet any real and
substantial reform.
Mr. BEESON considered this question not as
one of reducing salaries, bat of paying ialaries.
He would ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means if ho could t il them where the
money was to come froml Could he tell them.
how much of the loan had been taken? Could he
tell them of the distresses pervading the country in
consequence of the derangement of the currency?
Could he tell them how papsr-money had driven,
off hard money, and, djtng off itself, bad left no
money at all? Could hts tell them how many of
our merchants had been driven off to the West!
Where was the use of passing appiopriation laws,
unless you raise money to pay them? Mr. B. said
he was in favor of this bill. It was the best bill of
the session; and those who called it a humbug
were humbugging the country. Though he did
not like it in ail its particulars, yet he was in favor
of the object it had in view, and he should give it
his support. He did not approve of the reduction
of 25 per cent, on all the salaries alike, and he did
not approve of the reduction of the pay of mem-
bers of Congress. He believed that the pay of the
members was pretty nearly right; but, rather than
give rise to misconstruction of his motives, he
would vote to reduce it. He was for sending the
bill to a committee, and for their reporting on it
immediately, so that there might be some chance
of passing oa it before the end of the session.
And this, to be sure, is a humbug bill! It is, as
I believe, the best in principle, and may, by refer-
ring it to a committee, be made the best in detail,
of any which has been reported this session. It is the
true wand of Midas—not for an independent, but a
rag money treasury. Pass it, or the true humbug-
ger?, with their empty boxes, will be shown to the
world, and the arising' gues to their constituent.
Mr. J4.ME8 thiughtit impossible, at this late
period ot ihe session/ to mature such a bill as
would effect a wise and salutary reform; and he
was opposed to passing i o important a measure
blindfold, ?nd with so little deliberaiion. He
never wa? of the opinion that the officers of the
Government were paid too high. If thete were
too mauy officers, let them be reduced; but he was
not for ilepriving faithful and diligent officers of
any portion of the salaries that had been fixed by
la*, after due consideration and reflection.
Mr. McKEON rose to address the House, brt
yielded the door to the earnest appeal? ef gentie-
rn-ni around him to let the q«ei.tion be taken.
Mr. HOUSTON ttien addressed the House for a
few minutes; b^', owing to the tumult lhat pre-
vailed while he was speaking, it was impossible to
repct him.
The quesii.in was then taken on referring the
bill to a select committee, and carried without a
division.
Oa motion of Mr. ARNOLD, the committee was
ordered to consist of nine members.
On motion by tVr. EOTTS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 28, 1842.
Mr. PHELPs said that sonw time since a reso-
lution was passed, ins'ructing the Committee on
Public Lands to inquire into the propriety of pass-
ing a bid for the r*lief of the heirs or legal repre-
Sf itaiives of Joha Peters; arid that that committee
wai subsequently discharged from the considera-
