802
to \> po awns entirely imaginary.   His proposition
\ as not a repeal of ths land bill. A state of things
occurs which forces upon Congress a consideration
of the impossibility ot the treasury sustaining fur-
ther demands on it for the expenditures on public
lands.   He could not help thinking that his friends
bad become unreasonably sensitive in relation to
their favorite measure.   All he asked was, that the
residue of the public land (the tit'e to which is to
be yet extinguished) should refund to the treasury
the pnce of its purchase     The Senator from Ohio
thinks the price of the whole of the public lands
should be repaid to the  treasury     He would not
enter into the question on so broad a basis; but
would put it to his friends whether it was possible
to appropriate a million and a half, under present
circumstances, or any circumstances to be antici-
pated, for the extinguishment of the Indian title
yet pressing on the States and Territories?   Out of
the millions to be distributed, in the long run of
years yet to come before the public domain is fully
occupied, it was but a very small matter to ask
that this million and a half should be paid out of
the land fund itself.    Will gentlemen be so nig-
gardly of the vast wealth so liberally poured out
to them, as to refuse us our draught of water from
the vast fountain—this immense stream which is to
gow to them forever?   Was there anything so holy
m this distribution, as to induce the country to give
up the navy, the army, tbe salaries of members
themselves—in short, to give up everything to íus-
tam 11?   He did not approve ot the reference pro
posed to the Committee on Public Lands
Mr. MOREHEAD remarked that the subject
was undoubtedly one of some embarrassment It
•was elearK to his mind, that no step of this kind
should be taken, wiihout the most mature consid-
eration He hoped the Sena'or from South Caro-
lina [Mr Preston] would allow the resolution to
lie over till Senators had full time to reflect upon
it, or allew it to go to the Committee on Public
Lands—not that he wished it to meet its death in
that committee. He hoped the committee would
present the subject to the Senate m such a light
as to enable Senators to consider it understand-
ing^.
Mr. EVANS moved to postpone the further
consideration of the subject till to-morrow, with a
view of proceeding to the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The further consideration of the subject was ac-
cordingly postponed
On motion of Mr WALKER, the Senate took up
the bill to provide for the satisfaction of claims
arising under the 14th and 19th articles of the treaty
at Dancing Rabbit creek, concluded in September,
1830. The bill, being engrossed, was read the third
time and passed.
Engrossed bill entitled An act to regulate ap-
peals and writs of error from the district court of
the United States for the northern district of Ala-
bama, was. read the third time and parsed.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The bill " to provide revenue from imports, and
to change and modify existing laws impobing du-
ties on imports, and f r other purpose"," was taken
up, as IB committee of the wholp, the first question
pending being on 'he Finance Committee's amend-
ment Ni 1, viz
"On cotton bagging or other imported substitute instead of
fivecenls per square yaid,ts insert three and a half cents per
square yard "
Mr. CRITTFNDEN objec ed to the proposed
reduction of duty on imported bagging He
stated, at considerable length, his views of the im-
policy of discouraging the home manufac'ure by
such a reduction of duty as must bring the foreign
article into a cnupetmon that will break up alto-
gether the domestic manufacturer
He showed tha , of late, gun^y bag was anarti
cle extensively i <-"d in place of bagging, and that it
was made and «old f rosd at a cost not exceeding
one penny (two cm ) per yard Of a cargo of
two thousand bpgj of co'ton, late'y shipped m the
South, he had been assured thatfifeen hundred
were packed in f una  ba; c'oth He read from a
Boston newspaper ad rernsemf nts offerng one hun-
dred and thirty-nine thousand yards of gunny bag
clota,made of a wild grass now subjected to cultiva-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anon, and woven into cloth m Bengal, whence it
can be exported at one penny per yaid What is to
become of the hemp of this country, so necessary
for national purposes to be encouraged? With this
competition, hemp cannot be cultivated. It must
shortly be abandoned. Here is an article in which the
farmers of Kentucky and Missouri are deeply inter-
ested. It is the price of this bagging which regulates
thepneeof hemp This imported gunny b'g, which
costs but one penny per yard, and is sold as cot-
ton, with the cotton which it covers, at five times
what it costs, will take the place which bagging
from Kentucky hemp hitherto has taken The
bagging manulacturers of ihis country are willing
to supply the bagging for what it sells to the foreign
purchasers of cotton The yard of hemp-bagging
weighs one pound ten ounces. Th« gunny-bag
two and a half pounds. At the price it is sold at
as cotton, more is received for it than the hemp-
bagging manufacturer receives for his bagging
Mr. CALHOUN observed that this was a sub-
ject in which those whom he represented, and the
whole southern region, were deeply interested.
He submitted the following-
A statement of the additional cost on the cotton crop of the
year, (estimated at 2 000 000 bags,) in consequence of the pro
posed duty on cotton hanging lope, and twine
The cost on a bag estimated at 400 pounds
5J yards bagging  at 5 cents the square yard,
equal to 6 1 9 cents the running yard, and equal
to 68 per cent ad valorem on the invoice          $00 ¿3 11 18
6 pounds of rope at 6 cents per pound, and
about equal to 110 per cent ad valorem              00 36
| pound oí twine, at 6 cents duty per pound, and
about equal to 30 or 10 pel cent ad valoiem        00 01J
Cost per bag                            -                          00 71 1 9
2 090,000 of bags at 711 9 cents per bag, is equal to «1 422 222
The gross value of the crop estimated at 7\ cents per pound,
would be $60 000 000
And the additional cost, m consequence of the duty on the
three articles would be equal to 2^ per cent that is 2J bags
on the hundred or 1 bag in 37, and 51000 bags in the crop
and estimating the numbet of factories for bagging at2l m the
United States it would be equal to 2 571 to each The leduc
Hon of the duty to 3J cents per yard would reduce the cost on
the crop to about 81,200,000
Mr C explained minutely, and at some length,
the foregoing estimates, and showed the enormous
imposition this one duty of protection would throw
upon the South, for the mere benefit of twenty-one
manufacturers
Mr. WALKER hoped the Senate would indulge
him in a few remarks upon this subject, as his
State was more deeply interested th?n any other in
the Union According to the census returns for
1840, that State produced 462,090 bales of cotton
in a single year, and she was the principal pur-
chaser of the cotton-bagging of Kentucky. And
the Senator would have a duty placed upon that
article of five cents t yard, and, at the same time,
told them that it could be furnished for one penny a
yard. If this be so, what was the duty, he asked'
It was a duty which must be absolutely pro-
hibitory—a duty equal to 250 per cent—a duty
which the Prime Minister of England would
not dare to ask, in the state of public opin-
ion which now prevailed The Senator from Ken-
tucky desired to makf that State, then, which was
the chief producer of the great article of export
which foimed the prosperity of this country as re-
gards her foreign commerce—that State which was
the chief consumer of the produce of Kentucky__
heal the burden of paying this enormous duty     If
Kentucky had not the market wh'ch was furnished
her by Mississippi and Li ai«unj tor her surplus
products—her corn, hfrnork, her horses and mules
—Kentucky would find nerself infinitely more dis
tressed iban any Sla e in the Union    AnJ yet the
Senator from Kentu ky desired that tnose States
m the valley of 'he Mississippi should be burdened
with this enormoir tax , ard why 1   Because the
article is made in Bengal, and tneref re wt. must
be taxed 250 per cent for toe purchase of he arti-
cle here     If this v ere to be lb." p  ncip   acteH on
why did they not hy a duty <,f 250 p r cent, on
every sort oí foreian products?   Which u s the
most important artice, hemp or cot on?   ?<-e-
was   no   sort   of comparison      Tne  dtfftrencr
was something 1 ke twen y to  one     It was the
great article of export—the cotton of the va'ley oí
the Mississippi—which enabled th ¿ country to im
port foreign articles so extensively as she did, and
without this, where woutd be tbe revenue from
customs? Strike off the 70,000,000 bales oí cotton
which were annually exported, and what would
become of your revenue? Of what advantage,
then, would it be to levy this prodigious tax? For
whose benefit was it to be levied? Why, for the
benefit of the 23 manufacturers of the art.cle of cot-
ton bagging in Kentucky. You are, then, to prohibit
the introduction of gunny bagging—for he thought
no Senator would deny that the duty would amount
to a prohibition, to throw that article altogether
out of the market, and give it up to the twenty-
three manufacturers of the article of cotton bag-
ging m Kentucky. Kentucky had not been, in
times past, so just and generous as that they should
now be induced to make so great a sacrifice on her
account, or, rather, on account of ike few manu-
facturers who, by comb nation, could easily raise
the price (as had been dons in other cases, in the
course of only ten days) one-third, or one half, or
even to double its value.
He would tell tbe Senator what had already
been the result of one of these iniquitous combina-
tions About two years ago, one of the largest
planters (Mr Joseph Dunbar) cause to the conclu-
sion, after the formation of one cf those combina-
tions, to try lion hooping; and now nearly the
whole crop m the valley of the Mississippi bad
been put in with iron hooping, instead of Kentucky
rope. It was to him amazing that gentlemen how
came forward and asked to put their hands in the
pockHs of en adjacent State to their own, and ab-
stract this enormous tax from those who are al-
most the on / consuméis of tht products oí their
own State*, and on whom those States are depend-
ent for their prosperity He hoped that the mo-
tion to reduce the duty to 3i per cen —which, in
itself, is enormous—would at least be adopted.
The duty should be a duty for revenue, and not for
protection to the producers of this particular article,
at the expense of another and far more numerous
and important class of producers.
Mr. SIMMONS understood that the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr Calhoun] had stated
that the cost of Inverness bagging in the South is
nine or ten cents per yard.
Mr CRITTENDEN interposed, to xead a letter
which he had just received on the subject of price.
He read from it that the price of Scotch bagging
has been, in Scotland, not less than from thirteen
to fifteen cents per yard.
Mr CALHOUN read a letter from one of the
first merchants in Charleston, S C , quoting the price
of Scotch bagging, fit for the cotton planters, at five
pence per yard
Mr SIMMONS read a leUer in his hands, to
show that ths price in New York is from 18 to 82
cents per yard
He had no doubt the letter which the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] had read, was
more corr-ct. He asked, would any one believe
that an addition of 14 cent would raise the price?
All it would do, would be to lessen the profit of the
importer
Gunny cloth sold in 1840 for 25 cents a yard,
it cost in Bengal 2 cent-, the cost coming here could
not amount to more than 3 cents yet it paid a pro
fit of 20 cents Now, if 20 cents profit on 2 cents
will not stand a duty of 5 cents, what will?
He ar ued a' sreat length that it'was necessary
to pr tec the Kentucky manufactures of baggirg
ard ba e rope against ihe foreign competition, and
¡not the c-nton-pJanters lost nothing by the price of
their bigp.ng as i ley were paid f«r it as cotton
Mi WALKER pom ed out the mcíDs¡«tency
oí th  ar>> amento brought fo-ward for protection.
Eitrer this was a bill foi revtnue or for ptotection.
It it was for revenue, the arguments rf the Sena-
tors fi >m Rhode island and Kentucky prove that
half the rHvy would produce more revenue man.
iv v nolc, and f re.e..ue be the object, why not
redi ce the d ty to what will product most If it
be 'or prrtec ion, their a guments m fax r cf ex-
elucl pg all comt-etition from Kentucky bag i ig,
snow that 5 cants per square yard win effectually
•'o ¡'
\ r J5V4N3 made a few remaiVs in rcfererxe
to the sta emems of the Senator hom Souin Cato-
lina, [Mr Calhouk,] with a view of show ng that
