' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8Ó3 '
1 ■* "'•'- -■ ■  ........■......      .                                                                                       .'.
the duty on foreign bagging imported had never
exceeded $149,000—scareeiy a tenth of what the
Senator sajs the cotton-planters pay in duty on
their bagging He made some observations m re-
ply to the Senator from Mississippi, [*&t. Walker ]
with a vie-v of showing that the duty on gunny-
bag would be only from 20 to 25 per cent., instead
of 250 per cent, a? he supposed—'he price of that
article being 20 cents a yard in New York, and
the duty only 5.
Mr CUTHBERT deoir^d simply to -ay a few
words in re'ation to the statement which had been
reiterated on all sides of the Senate, but more par-
ticularly by the Sen,*ioi horn Rhode IsUnd, thai an
augmentation of duty does not nereaoe ihe pnce
of the artic'e to be paid for by the consumer He
was happy to obberve th-it the Senator irom Ken-
tucky had his attention direc <-d to thi  «tta'ement
The argument was very ju ty and propcily ad-
dressed to him, beca'^s , if an augmen'ation of du-
ty did not increase the pri^ of the dutiable article,
the object of the Senator world phrly fail of ac-
complishment He would fail to be be lefited by
the duty; and why, 'am, v.ould he de ire to inflict
a burden upon bis Soathern neighbojs, win were
the chief customers for tba suiplui pioducts of the
S„n<>tor's oto Sta e, and i*ith whim he should be
di-wroBbof prcervirg the most kindly feeling He
hope! the Senator, t'i n, havirg been convinced
b} the Senator from Rhode Ib'aüd that an ?ogmtnt-
ation of price did not f How an augmentation of
duties, would c*> se t to ihj pioposei reduction
This was one of ths ra-<s whit b appeared to him
to illustrate very «troi^ly th„ "are3 Oiiuulencs>i> of
the protective sjs'em.
It was a pr< tec  i e sjs'om wh "h die, b^a ie-
fore them A aojgh the coiatoi irom K me pre-
tested, at th  varj eo muei mo ritofib ni cu jon,
against the le'ei of its leiiig o cn« d*nd, the fact
had, neverthele '- fo eel ¡ \ ay t j o„g^ ue iio'u-y
of deba e, throu^i  'lie course of aigu-nent u'lcn
Senators found i< ne-cssary to use, m order to sus-
tain the bill. And uioVwhruchpnce! aid asp ct
was it that .be protectee pr„icicle pre en',ed i elf?
The Senator from Kentucky a 'tired them that,
with du.ies as higu as i ere now propi >ed, me do-
mestic manufactures of the country veri sinking .
into rum, and yet he wou'u transfer tb° labor of
Kentucky from its iegi'mnte employment—agri-
culture and the raising oí stock to the marutac-
turmg of cot on bag^irg Tne peop •  are to be
compelled to leave their profitable occupation, and
engage m one of a different de-enpuon, lor the
benefit of ihe Government.
Th's w . the svstem wn n t' e chairman of tae
Committee oí Wí,* and Mcafs urged them to
adopt. Vitw it, then, wi'a regard to prof etion. It
 ,-, vvel1 known thst tae co ton produciioi.s ot thi-
country were in an extremely depressed sta'e.
Would the Senator from KentjcK), men, trom the
very neighborhood of the cotton-produnng States—
would the Senator fiom R od<. inland—^ould the
chairman of the Coram,itee of W .,,s -nd M ans,
at the very jjomeut when tb.s depression preval s,
and when the chances of commerce—wher in-
cident, nature, oi Providence offered ihe n tne
means of ameliorating that c'e¡ essed condition,—
would Senators then be w.Ilinp th"t, cu ¡s ich a
time, and undei ueh cue ii taices, thp Go"<"->-
ment should «r i f> upon hat n>eans, in ' w  sl it
from them, mat .he ar.n of .ne fio7 ,r r^nt sicu'u
be used stul i¡oie to depiess tb" c nu ftn t f ihe
producers of the "reo' si o e w&xe of cotton, !o
prevent theea f o < u-. -, he auvant a,s to \\<S\
they were entitled12 Was there not 1.1 this some-
thing which revol td 'be feelings ot al.' You f>¡ e
from us what d3£S n it pr fit y ju. Yoa 11 pover-
íshyour cus o .en, \ nuout stci' iug t ; benefit to
yourselves.
Mr. CALHOUN 1 est t'-e , *esti n « hcth-r
this was to be s^pnjrted oy Or -e^o <• as a bill
for revenue or fo pro ec top mo/ed<.n am-r^-
toent to tne amendment ltduCiv the dj.y oi cot-
ton-bagging or oth"r suns nu e mprrted, to wo
cents per square yard, r 'ead of thre" a ' a half
cents, as propo-ed by tneFuiante Comi<iu'ee, o
five cenis, as proposed by ti - o ig> al bill.   w>
cents per square yard would yieta a revenue of
about 20 per cent on the value.
On this amendment he called for the yeas and
«ays, which were ordered.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
BARROW, PRESTON, SIMMONS, WALKER,
and CRITTENDEN, till, at nearly 6 o'clock, on
motion of Mr MOREHEAD, who expressed a
w. h to de).ver his sentiments on the subject, the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thürsdat, July 28, 1842.
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin presented the peti-
tion of Bernard W. Bnsbois, ot Crawford county,
Wisconsin Territory, asking Congress to pass a
law confirming a &mall tract of land to John Simp-
srn, mstead of Joseph Simpson, being farm lot
No 27
Also, th- petition of ihe inhabitants of Graw
county, Wisconsin Territory, a&k.ng that a mail,
route may be established, leading from Madison,
the 'eat of Government in said Territory, via
Monroe and Omel, Illinois, to Free Port, in Illi-
nevs.
Mr PLIKmER presented a petition, numerously
signed by citizens of Clarion county, Pa , to enact
a law to pro eet th" production of Imencan latxr
ers «gainst the competition of foreigners- refened
to thj Committee of the Whole Hou--e
THE BILL TO   REDUCE MEMBERS' PAY.
The following is the select commutes to which
Mr Arnold's bill nas been referred, as annourced
tliis  mornií g •   Messrs.  Arnold,   Pope,  Bakmi,
Lanf, Graham, Bowne, Charlis Bruwm, Gwin,    i
and Cross                                           .
ADJOURNMENT O? CONGRESS.
r<Jr CASEY submitted a ,oint resolution, to fix   1
Monday, the 15'h of August, at 2 o'ctock, foi the
adjournment une die of the two Hou=es of Con-
gress.
Mr GUSHING objected
Mi. CASEY move a a suspension of the rules
fertbp reception  of his  resolution; onwhicih"
called for the ye,-1; and nsys, ard  they were or-
dered, •snd being token, were—yeas 81, uajs 63
So the House ieru-rd to suspend the rules, two-
thirds not voting m the affirmative.
Wh*n Mr GUsTINE'S name was ca'led, he
t ros  aid laqni'ed if the gentleman who offered the j
leso'ution to atijourn on the 15th of August waa >
satt fi d thpt the tine named for the adjournment
of Congress w "aid enable the House to take up
ihe calendar of private bd!s, so long delajed, and
which require the action of the House at this ses-
sion.
Ii e ^ht months of a session demand, private
bu<5 ne  r q ,w, and a reUrn to our families urge,
the ncccw of a speedy adjournment, he hesitated
not to say that thpy had as strong claims on him,
and he telt them as sensibly, as any member of the
House, but could not agree that the long list of
pin ate ciaims, which will require but a few days
to dispone et tnem, s^ou'd be thrown back, to be
again called up at ano her session.
The SPEAKER remarked that h* was unable to
ans" er the irquin, and that the debate was au of
ordfr.                                                             ^    f h
THE NAVAL APPROPRTAT ON BILL    > j
On the motion ef Vv FILL'iORP, th- Hou4
t ok m the navy ri-roona ni btl v"-hich bsd
com" d' c' fri r. t! e Senate vita te o oi the pmand
ire, sot ha b dt-i'tri£;ciiup'-n Tnenheranend-
rncua ot th  Ser   e they had receded from.
Al' FILLMORE pxolainfd the portion in wh ch
tut di! s'Jcd The Se^te insisted upon two of its
amtndraert , the fir-t of  h'Ui was ai amendment of
the section of the House which limited the num-
ber of officer, now, after the sfon-? vote wh.ch
had been givea n tins Hoa^e en that section, he
i i  ed the House Ticuld insist on ¡tb nor concur-
re! ce in ihe amendment of the Se ,ate, and demand
a oramittesot c tif rence.
Tne o rr a nen ment wa- in reference to the
dr> dock at Tew York The appropriation was
for a dry-deck and he Senate had introduced an
amendment autionzmg the Secretary of the Navy
to appropnate 'b>  money intended for a dry-dock
to a floating dock, if, in his op nion, it will an-
\ ¡swer the purpose.   From the papers which had
been laid before him, and from information which
he had received, he had come to the conclusion
that the floating-dock was not intended to super-
sede the dry-dock, but that it was intended to get
that and the dry-dock too Believing, himself, that
m the exhausted s'ate of the treasury it would
not be wise to construct the two docks, he had
moved an amendment, to authorize the Secretary of
the Navy to expend ti.e money for the construction
of a floating dock if, m his opinion, that would an-
swer the purpose. He had made that amendment >
as a test whether it wa& intended to have both
docks, and the Senate had non-concurred m th« ,
ame&dment. He (Mr. Fillmore) believed, if a
dry-dock were constructed, it would answer all the
purposes; if, however, a floating dock would an-
swer, he was willing tha* it should be so, as its
construction would be cheaper But he hoped the
House would now insist, and that a committee of
conference would be appointed; and he requested
that he might not be appointed to serve on the
committee.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON thought they had acted
with gieat liberality to the Senate, and towards the
Navy Dfpartment. He believed there were two-
thirds of this House that were willing to adhere;
and, therefore, they had better give the Senate no-
tice that, if that body adhered to the amendments
which tney had made, they would occasion the loss
of the btil He moved that the House adhere to it3
non concurrence.
Mr. WM. B. CAMPBELL asked what would
be the efe ct ot the m ition of his colleague? and
whether it would not have the effect to lay the bill
on the table of this House?
Mr. FILLVIORE hoped the que.tien would be
taken on insisting.
The SPEAKER replied to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr W. B. Campbell ] that the mo-
t.on of his colleague [Mr. C Johnson] wa^. gener-
ally the last to be acted upon.
Mr. C JOHNSON wished the Senate to under-
stand tha', under no circumstance, wouM they re-
cede, and ihat Ih^y would not consult or debate ía
relation to it.
Mr. FILLMORE «¡aid it was a msitier of g eat
importance wleiher any appropriation should be
made for the navy; and, therefore, he hoped the bill
would not be jeopariW, until the usual parlament-
as y modes had been resorted to, to see whether
something cou d not be done to cause. ihe.¥as§&&„
of the bill, that .be right arm ef our defence might
not be annihilated.
Mr. PROFFI ? suggested to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr C Jc hstson] whether, if his mo-
tion were agieed to, the loss of the bill might not
fail, with its responsibilities, on thts House. If
ihey departed from the usual course, the country
might justly charge upon the House of Representa-
tives the responsibility of lohing the bill; and there-
fore he hoped the suggestions of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means would be act-
ed upon. He begged tne gentleman from Tennes-
* c to reflect on the conseqa^nces of go.ng to their
hom°s, after being in se.sion seven or eight months,
ithout any appropriation for the navy. Nothing
c.md justify scch a course, and he hoped a corn-
in 'te  of confeence would be appointed.                
M- C. BROWN said it was an important ques-
t.en, for it involved the nuisber ot officers that
should oe rpminted, and vhieh the House had
shown a dispnsi u.n u limit to the number m the
servce in 1841
Tne S°na e however had left the number m-
('efimte, ft r iMt body had prop.s-d to limit the
number to that u^.ieh might be found to be in the
service at the end oí the present session, of which
ths Houss ¿oew nulling. Tb- Senate might
make 100 post-cap'aws ind litO commanders;
and if th vhal to'd the House how many they
intended to" nrke, t""1 House would have known
v,hat course to pursue Iu all iheir conferences
with the Sei ate, ths House was ever the loser.
Th- House hid already said that n did not desire
an increase , and it they adhered to their non con-
currence, wha' would be the coi iequence1! Why,
the Senate must say there must either be an in-
crease, or the bill mwt be lost; and the res v os -
I   bihty would be with the Senate, and the Senat;
