CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
Mr. ADAMS opposed the motion, and entered
into as explanation of the reasons why the consul
should be paid, the principal of which was the on-
erous duties devolving on him, of attending to dis-
tressed Amencan seamen; a greater number of
•whom were collected to London than in any part
of the world.
Mr JOHNSON said that, rather than call for a
division, he would withdra v his motion, but he un-
derstood that the fses of this officer were from
$8,000 to $10,000 a year.
Mr. ADAMS said that the gentleman had been
misinformed.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved to
amend the 15th section, by inserting, after the
word "paper," a proviso, that hereafter no contract
shall be made tor paper gilded or ornamented with
gold or silver. Mr C said that ht, did not expect
to effect much by this amendment, but bis object
was to oppose the moral influence ot the example
of Congress against that perverted public taste, by
which so large a quantity ot the precious metals
were diverted from their legitimate purposes, to
be wasted in mere useless ornaments.
On taking the question, Mr. Campbell's motion
was rejected
Mr. WHITE of Louisiana offered an amend-
ment, making an appropriation for surveying in
the State of Louisiana, §13,000, and, after some
remarks from Mr W. in exp'anation and support
of the amendment, it was adopted.
Mr \V. B. CALHOUN askrd an explanation
in relation to the item oí $22,628 17, for arrear-
ages due for printing and blanks for the General
Land Office.
Mr. J. R INGfERSOLL explained the justice of
this item, and had a letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office read, in oider to show
how the account of Blair & Rives had accumulated.
It appeared that this sum was for work done since
1834, and not yet paid for, pnd, also, that Mr.
i Rives, orie of the firm, had intimated a willingness
to have the matter referred to arbitrators, lo be
composed of entirely disinterested individuals
The item was then passed over without further
objection.
Mr. E D. WHITE then proposed an cmesd-
ment providing for the arrearages due to the clerks
of the custom-house at New Orleans fiom 1832 to
1837.
Mr. HOLMES moved to ex'end it to the clerk?
at Charleston, and, at the suggestion of Mi IN-
GBRSOLL, extended his motwn so as to include
all other ports of entry.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. W. GREEN then moved to strike out the
items making appropnations for the expenses of
ihe branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
He expressed himself in favor of abolishing these
mints.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. W GREEN then moved to strike out the
appropriation for the mint at Dahlonega, Georgia.
Rejected.
Mr. HABERSHAM moved to increase the ap-
propriation for co'ndge and wasia^e oe gold at
Dahlonega, from #600 to §900. Hs gaye as a
reason the great increase of gold coinage at that
mint.   Rejected
Mr. W. GREEN moved to «trik* out the ap-
propriation for the  mint at New Odcam     Re-
On motion of Mr J R I1NGERSOLL, heap
propnation of 4-6 000 fir th puren ise oí a 'ct
adjacent to tb.3 Pn!ad )phia mnt w«s stricken
out.
Mr. J. R INGERSOI L t ffered an amendment,
making aa appropna i n hr the ¡ ayment of the
salary of the pabhc gaiderer and th- woncipcnem-
ployed on the poblic J r(   rdv
Mr. STANLY objet d that iht ahry ?-d per-
quisites of the pul 1 r ggriemt we <- too h °h
Mr. BOARDMAN defended the proposed appro-
priation.
Mr. BL4.CK replied, and contended that the
sums expended on the public gardens and grounds
were enormous and extravaeant. He advocated
a redact on of the salaries, and the sums i>aid for
taking care of the  walks and plants around the
Capitol
The approii mtion was agreed to.
Mr. 80ARDV1AN offered an amendment, ap-
propriating $9 000 to the construction of certain
flues in the Capitol, and for & coal cellar: agreed
to.
Mr. BOARDMAN moved to add an item of
$53,000 for the purchase of the lots adjacent to the
Post Office Department, and said to be necessary
to the uses ot ihe deoartment: rejected.
Mr. BOARDMAN also offered an amendment
appropriating $19,624 for the improvement and
completion of eertam rooms and corridors in the
Treasury Department   agreed to.
Mi J. R. INGERSOLL moved to strike oat
the first part of the 23d section, m relation to al-
lowances to clerks for extra work, and the money
paid for newspapers: agreed to.
Mr. McKEON moved to strike out the item
which appropriated $122 000 to the pay and mile-
age of members of Congress, from 15th July to 1st
September: rejected.
Mr. G DAVIS offered an amendment, m rela-
tion to the expenditure of money for courts-martial;
which was adopted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to reduce ihe
appropriation for the pay of members of Congress
$25,000. He believed that Congress would not
adjourn, unless it was starved out The effect of
his amendment would be to produce an adjourn-
ment about the 15th of August.
Mr ROOSEVELT moved to amend the item,
by adding a proviso that no member should re-
ceive any per diem allowance wha ever, after the
15th of August, and, s-condly, lhat hereafter, ft all
sessions of Congress, no member should receive a
greater sum toan $5 per uay after the fourth month
of any session, not more than $3 per day after the
fifth month, and no compensation whatever after
the expiration of the sixth month.
Mr BOWNE contended lhat the latter part of
the proposition was not in order, and was mere
humbug.
Mr. ROOSEVELT replied, amid great disorder
and confusion. He said he had merely desired to
express the sentiments oí his constituents, who
were daily becoming more and more of the opinion
that the members of Congress, instead of attending
to the interests ot tneir constituent?, weie employed
in taking care of ihemselves—wasting the revenues
of the Government, by putting then hands deeper
and deeper into the public treasury every day.
His amendment was rejected, without a count.
The question was. then propounded upon the
amendrrent of Mr C Johns>on, (redueins the ap-
probation $25 000,) and d< eided in Ihenegatire
Mr. ROBERT McCLELLAN moved to add to
the bill a reetion appropriating §300 for a digest of
patents, #1,000 for th  purchase of books for the
Patent Office; and $1,000 for the compilation of
agricultural statistics: agreed to
Mr. GENTRY moved to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill, and, on that motion, expressed a
desire to -peak an houi
The motion was rulsd to be out of order.
Mr GENTRY tnen t.ioved that the committee
rise- reacted
Mr. G. then "aid he mttn proceed thi« evening,
(it vt as now hall-past 4 o'clock) but yielded the
fl^or to
Mr CAVE JO INSON, who moved that the
committee ri^e
Upon taking 'he question, no quorum vo'ed.
The commi'tec ihf f  o e and reported that fact
to th- Hcn°e
A moti<n lor an adnorn ^wit was made by Mr
BARTON, and tne yeas ard iays were progress-
ing ¡hceon, when
Mr GENTRY w?i el hi« right to speak in
commit'e", w 'h me unoWs anQii g that he wou'd
have thp iliur .r the Ho se wh n he hiH oime up
The Hens? pjdin rcoUtd itself into a Commit-
tee of ih= Who'e, and, altei i. Uw moTients spent
therein,
Mr ATHERTON repotted the bill from the
committee, with the amendments agreed to.
Mr HOUS TON then made a strenuous, but in-
effectual, effort to have the bill from the Senate,
entitled An act authorizing the settlement and
payment of certain claims of the State of Alabama,
taken out of the Committee of the Whole, wiih a
view to its immediate passage.
On motion of Mr. GENTRY,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 29, 1842.
Mr RIVES presented a petition from Francis
M. Lewis and Mary Neale, widows of Captain
William Lewis and Lieut. Benj J Neale, (who
were lost in the ¡doop-of-war Epemer, bearing the
treaty of peace made by Commodore Decatur with
the Dey of Algiers,) praying Congress to continue
to them the navj> pension winch they have been in
the receipt of smce 1815, and which v ill be dis-
continued to them at the end cf this year, without
the interposition of Congress- refeired to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr BUCHANAN presented documents giving
additional information as to the practicability of
the improvements made by James O'Connor in
steam-boilers, which were referred to the Committee
on Patents
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM, the Committee on
Claims was discharged from the further c >nsidera-
tion of the petitions oí Richard Harris and Nimrod
Farrow, ana Israel Ke'chum, for compensation for
work done for the United States.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back, -without amendment, and witb
a recommendat on th t It do pass, the bill for the
relief of Mary Pretty man.
On motion of Mr WHITE, the bill was consid-
ered as in committee of the whole, reported to the
Senate, and, having been engrossed, was, according
to order, read the third time and passed.
The joint resotution to provide for the reimburse-
ment to the treasury ot the moneys expended here-
after in extinguishing Indian titles, out of the
proceeds of the sales of the lands thus to be ac-
quired, came up m its order—the question being
on its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. PHELPS said he fe't at liberty to remark
on the reasoning of those who had spoken on the
resolution yesterday, that this resolution would
cause much more debate, and would operate the
destruction of all the business on ihfiL.ririvaie ca'en-
dar. He considered lhat it was a useless ancHlF
timed debate, and with that view he would move
to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. P., at the ingestion of Mr. SEVIER",
modified his motion to one to postpone till to-
morrow, which was agreed to
The bill foi the relief of Esther Johnson, the
widow of Colonel Jonas Johnson, came up in its
order, on a question of recommitment, but was
postponed till to morrow.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Co-nmutee on Pen-
sions, reported back, without amendment, House
bills for the relief of John Flood, and for the re-
lief of Anselm Bailey.
Mr WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of Rebecca Bright, the widow of Jacob Bright, for
a pension—her husband having been lost while
m the public service; whic i report was ordered to
be printed.
The following bit's were taken up as in commit-
tee of the whole, considered, reported to the Sen-
ate, and, bavin" bee-i engiossed according to order,
were read the ihfd iitne, and passed, viz.
The bill frr .ne relief of Wil'iam De Buys,
postmasttr pt New Oilears.
The bill to -iu honze the construction of a d/pot
for charts and instruments of the navy of th/Uni-
ted Slates                  \                             /
ENLISTMENTS   (BLACK    AND yWHITE)
AND THSUIOOE CASE/
The b'll to regul te rn\iitn>eTts inJ«e naval ser-
vio' of the Uni ei StaiesWmr up/n its order, as
in committee of the wholk on aiber>dments from
ihe Committee on Naval AWairs/including enlist-
ment in the marine corps /Tre amendments
were agreed to.                       /
Mr. CALHOUN ssid, if he heard flu bill cor.
