8Q6
rectlrrea^i t( allowed of the enlistment of all free
persons, without dissmetion of color. He asked
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] whether
it {was intended to allow of the enlistment of free
negroes and muhttoes?
Mr. BAYARD replied, that the bill was not in-
tended to encourage the enlistment of such as the
Senator from South Carolina alluded to. It left
the laws in tha' respect as they now stood—that is,
left the discretion to the proper department. He
presumed that the Government were not going to
order the enlistment of negroes.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked, that the Senators
would all remember the celebrated case of Hooe,
about which so niueh noise was made io the midst
of the last Presidential campaign. Á favorable
opportunity was now offered to coirect the evil of
enlisting negroes and mulattoes in the serviré of
the United States. He asked í le chairman on
Naval Affairs to amend the bill, so as to except ne-
groes and mulattoes from enlistments, s?v<  for the
purposes of cook1?, servants, and stewards. He
hoped the bill would be so altered as to read "free
white men," except for the objects indicated.
Mr. BAYARD suggested that the Senator from
South Carolina would accomplish the purpose he
desired, by moving his amendment in the form in-
dicated by him. He (Mr. B ) did not wish to be
understood as accepting the amendment. He,
however, desired that a vote of the Senate be taken
upon it.
Mr. CALHOUN moved an amendment to the
effect that white men only should be enlisted, ex-
cept for cooks, servants, and stewards, for which
offices negroes or mulattoes mis;ht be employed.
He demanded the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment! which were ordered.
Mr. C. said they would all remember the Hooe
case. Prom what transpired with íeference to that
case, the fact was obvious that it was wrong to
bring ne^oes into the service of ihe united States,
and plat,e them in contact with the white man
It was wrong to bring those who have to sustain
the honor and glory of tha country down to a
footing of the negro lace—to be degraded by being
«tingled and mixed up with that inferior ¡ace.
Mr. BAYARD said the case of H oe, which the
Senator alluded to, was a case cf testimony alto-
gether, which the department had lull power to
regulate; or it might be regulated by statute,
if necessary. He would only say that, during the
Revolutionary war, there were several in the ser-
vice of the country, who served with great advan-
tage to it, and proved themselves to be excellent
, seamen and brave and gallant men.
He was not, therefore, disposed to introduce an
exception, which would deprive the Government
of the service of these men, it it ¡.hould be deemed
hereaiter necessary. So far as thf Hooe case was
concernsd, he would repeat, that it was simply a
case of admissibility of testimony, wlveh the regu-
lations of the department could reach, or which
might be regulated by statute.
Mr. CALHOUN said there was a deep preju-
dice in every part of the Union, and in the South
particularly, which  makes a discrimination and
distinction between the two races, and which ought
to be respected.   He was understood to say that
the Southern States had long since taken measures
to prevent the introduction oí n.groes into the sea-
service.   He spoke of the delicate ltuertsts of the
South wuh reference to this question, and o£ the
circumstances which had  transpired growing out
of the policy of Great Britain, wh'ch rendered the
exclusion of negroes from ths service as one of
the utmost importance.  And although he was will-
ing to admit tnat we have had in the service good
b'ack  «ai'or;,; yet it was of more importance to
respect the feelings of tí e whre sailots, and to
prevent their degradation, than to retain those ne-
groes, however  .fell quanled to perform marine
service    At al1 -venií-, rome rpspect ought o be
had to a great porter o" ne Union, which was
extremely sensitive ¡.pon the subject.
Mr TAPPAN could see n :> reason for adopting
the amendment. He was not aware that the em-
ployment of negroes in the public service had ever
proved injurious to it. Then, why not leave the
matter as it had stood heretofore?   He saw no ne-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~—' i..........        .
I cesstty for a change of the laws in thisrespect. 'Bui,
on the other hand, much injury might result to the
setvice. It might be impossible to man our ves-
sels of war in sudden emergencies, or in some pe
culiar cases, unless officers were allowed the dis-
cretion to employ negroes or mulattoes. Our na-
tional vessels might be in a portion of the country
where white seamen could not be procured, and
necessity might require the employment of blacks.
But he conceived, if the law was left as it now
stood, that negroes and mulattoes would not be en-
gaged if it could be avoided. No evil had result-
ed so far, and no evil was likely to result.
Mr. PHELPS had his fears that the incorpora-
tion of the amendment m the bill might prove detri-
mental to the pubic service. During the late war,
the class now proposed to be excluded from the
navy proved to be of great service, rie would
mention one instance. la 1814, when McDonough
fitted out ths fleet on Lake Champlain, he found it
extremely d'fficult to procure white seamen; and,
on the occasion of his splendid victory, the greater
portion of the sailors under his command were
black. If a war should again occur, it would be
doubtless necessary, in fitting out our fleets, to re-
sort to the course pursued at that time, in this par-
ticular; and he had no sort of doubt that the result
of the action on the lakes would have been entire-
ly different from what it was, if the employment of
of a motley and speckled crew had been prohibited.
We were indebted to this victory to. the practice
of introducing negroes on board of our armed
ships. He thought that, if the amendment should
ptevail, it would injure the service, without indu-
cing a corresponding benefit. It was doubtless
true that the department would prefer white men;
but, if they could not be procured, he could see no
reason why the practica of the Government, as it
had been fiom the beginning, should not be contin-
ued; and he saw no reason why the service should
suffer ¡rom tl.e prejudice1  of <i poruon of the peo-
ple ufopr country. It theie should be any diffi-
culty as to the competency of ths colored sailors
for wituesbes, it would be a subject to be settled by
the department, or by Congress, and it had no con
nexion whatever with the amendment now before
<a? Senate.
Mr CALHOUN was unties food to '¡\y that the
introduction oí blacks into the service might have
occasioned an indisposition on the part ot white
sailors, (who feit themselves degraded b/ an asso-
ciation with negroes) to enter the service, both du
ring the war and at the preen* time. The very
reason given, then, lor their employment—'be
scarcity of white sailors—might have occasioned
the necessity for it. It was the natuial consequence.
lie said that, m ► orne portions of the country, ne-
groes weie excluded from employment—white la-
bor oemg preferred; and, should nothing be don 
to prevent the blacks from entering the navy, they
would seek that kind of employment: and ina*
would vou throw upon ¡he negro race t!.j piotec-
tiou ol the national rights and the defence of ihe na-
tional honor. He did hope that so important an
arm o( the national son ice would not cily b¿
pieced in ihe keeping c f freeuu r, but Ibo-e oear-
mg our own complexion—havu*, the gloij, and
honor, a- d interests of the country at heart.
Mr. ARCHER remarked that it appealed to him
that this was a small matter; and he ¡rutted that it
would i ot be magnified >nto a gieat one A .mal'
number of blacks only wou'd be excluded by ¡ho
amendment; and, for that leason, ss veil as with t
view to induce the Senate r from South Cjiolma,
h" would (¡ne to h his support.
Mr. BENTON would only say that amis,
whether oa land or water, ou?b' to be borne by the
vuiie race only. This was- the first time he ever
heaid that«(he biack race earned aims. Ha was
opposed to it, and wf? decidedly infa'.oroi tbe
amendment proposed by the Senator from Sou a
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.]
Mr. YOUNG said this w >, a question whet jer
or not they wouti introduce jruo ' ie ravy, t>,.
part of the material of the navy, siegues and color-
ed persons.
Mr. Y. was understood to be opposed to enacting
any specific prohibition against their employment,
because the time might come, as heretofore Hap-
pened, when it would be absolutely neee«=ary to
enlist some blacks, into the service. He was in fa-
vor of leaving it to the discretion of the proper de-
partment, asnew, to employ as many as were
absolutely necessary to the service, and wherever
convenient to be employed. He was opposed to
their enlistment; but when it was necessary to have
them, to let I hens simply be hired. He went
against their enli tment in the army.
Mr. BAYARD said there was no one more
averse to doing ¡> nothing whtci would involve the
feelings and prejudtces of the South than he was.
It seemed to him that toe ameudrr,.nt involved a
difficulty practically; if not so, he would not have
opposed it. He did not believe, if the discretion
were left to the department, that any more would
be enlisted, except m fases of emergency, or to
perform mental seivice. The yeas and nays had
been-demanded <>nd ordered. Now, to put an end
to the question, if the S na'or from. South Carolina
would withdraw the demand for tbe yeas and nays,
he would consent to the amendment.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut considered the
amendment an insult to two or three of the Northern
States, which had passed laws making it a peaal
offence to draw a distinction between the character
or condition of the biacks ai d whi'es. Therefore,
if the amendment was adopted, it wou'd be a great
insult to those States. He said, in another of the
Northern States, (Rhode Island,) it was found ne-
cessary to raise a regiment of blacks to protect the
people against those who were endeavorm¿ to over-
throw ths charter Government of Charles II, and
to secure to the mass of the people the right of suf-
frage. This amendment would be very sure to
give an jnmlt to that StptP.
Mr. CALHOUN had no desire to have an in-
dividual expression of opinion of Senaters; and, if
it vas the understanding of the Senate that the
pmend.nerit would be adopted, he would withdraw
the call for tbe yea* and Lay*.
Mr. BAYARD said ¡he amendmert would be
agreed to, if th" yeas and nays were not tailed; and
he honed the 3, nate would c -stent to its adoption.
Mr. CALHOUN said, wuh that undtuanding,
he withdrew the rail for toe -, eas and nays.
Mr. CLAYTON c bj c.ed to the aoipndment. He
was Willing to mdulgL the freír gs cf Senators on
otdtnary cccasnns, but !.e csu.d not extend that in-
dulgence o far as to affe-t |li tnvrest cf the pub-
ic servir-e. Since th com ntne-centof this Gov-
ernment, negroes and Liu'attoes Lad been enlist-
ed in t>aservice o1 i'.eUnu«d Sates—during the
R-'otuttonAry var, and tvers.nce. Many of the
ships werp tw nart'y manned by th.m; and they
prov  to be efii;wnt =ailo s,
In connexion with the cireutsustance alluded to
by toe Senator from Vermont [Mr PrtELrsl on
we lakes, be remsrfeod, that he had been told b, the
coinH)?rder of ft s Wasp, that a great pn portion of
th • sai'ors víe.e n*groe<¡ vhen that vessel captured
ti'eere-nv's vessels. That cfScer told him tha'he
h?d Lot bcitt or more "allant met on boArd.
Why, then, ^hallwe?lter the law^ I; joj want
t'ic as fo d for po /der, they wll certainly fight
as well as the white men—tney are as strong and
ac.ive. They might get along ia time of peace
without them; but, as sure as the country goes to
war, they would have to repeal the law, and take
n groes mto the -ervice. He hoped the amendment
would not pievail.
Mr. BáQBY said, ¡f the object was to have
b'acks in ihe «.Jmce ul time ot war, let it be so
excefed ia th" bill But let the Senator look to
wnat to^ai' on &urh a policy reduces one portion
of the nuion. The StUth have now to resort
to pirKN ¡y -ens to keep arms jUt of their
h?nas, and to prever t their acquiring a knowledge
ot 'be a e o th>m; out here ir is, proposed to re-
cave hem inn !..- serve?, and t> tmr 'hem to the
u-.e oí í ims Tccr* was no necers.ty for their em-
ployment, even as food ioi powder There were
plenty o brave white men able and willing, dur-
ing the Revolution, to defend tbe country; and there
are mote ready and willing now to give their hves
to preserve the rights, interests, and honor of their
country. He could not, therefore, consent to the
employment of the negro race in any situation
