$m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U is said that the consumer is to suffer nothing
ty this duty—that it will not increase the price.
If so, how is it to benefit the manufacturer? If he
is not to reap some benefit, what is the meaning of
incidental protection? Who benefits by it, if the
manufacturer does not? If nobody benefits by it,
What is its use?
There is not an article, from the greatest to the
srnaUest—from the size of a bale of goods to the
4¡ze of the point of a pin—that protection is not
sought for.
.If the grass of India is better for him, and more
conducive to a planter's prosperity than Kentucky
hemp, why should he be prevented from mating
his election between them? It is his inherent right
as an American freeman. That man was deserv-
edly accounted a philosopher who said that he who
jnakes two blades of grass grow where only one
grew before, is a greater benefactor to the human
race than he who builds up empires by the con-
quest of his fellow-man. But where would be the
advantage of carrying out this great truth, if laws
■were to be passed prohibiting the use of the second
blad« of grass, and restricting consumption to the
one?
Who is to benefit by this protection?—(and he
cared not whether it was called direct or inci-
dental)—who but the capitalist? and not the la-
Borer. The effect of such a system of protection
is to be this: a combination between the manufac-
turers and the politicians—the operation of the
capital of the country on the politics of the coun-
try. The halls of this Capitol are to be crowded
with speculators; and nothiDg can follow but
intrigue and corruption. He spoke propheti-
cally, and not with any design of saying that
such have been the motives in which this bill
originated. He did not impugn the motives of
those who advocated the measure; he only meant
to point their attention to the inevitable ten-
dency and certain results of the system of policy
into which they bad been seduced. There is not
a dollar in the treasury; the Senate refused to
take up a simple bill of revenue, lately proposed by
the Senator irom New Hampshire, for the purpose
of rendering more secure the income of the Gov-
ernment; yet, with an empty treasury—a treasury,
the income of which is considered by the advocates
of this bill as insecure, instead of legislating for
revenue, the whole of their argument is in favor of
throwing open the doors of the treasury, for the ex-
haustion of its means, in the protection of a favored
class. Gentlemen should redact that they have a
long, dark, hopeless vista before tbem. Do they
think those who pay the taxes, when they see
the treasury thus impoverished, will sustain such a
career? Will they be satisfied with the perverse-
ness with which the distribution, of three millions
of the public revenue is adhered to, in such a con-
dition of the treasury as now exists?
The longer they think upon the subject, the more
thoroughly they will be convinced that the only
constitutional ground that can be taken in refer-
ence to these maasures of distribution and taxation
is that which their opponents stand upon.
Mr. CALHOUN said it must, he believed, be
admitted, even by the advocates of the highest
rata of duty upon cotton-bagging, that, if that duty
were reduced to tws cents, it would not have the
effect of prohibiting the manufacture of the ar-
ticle, and giving a market to the foreign article.
This being admitted, he was prepared to sbow
that this could not be a bill tor revenue. He
would prove it by a very simple process. There
would be eleven millions of yards of cottnn-bag-
ging required to put up the cotton crop. If it be
taxed, then, at the rate of two cents a yard, the
duty will amount to $220,000. Can you (said Mr.
Calhodn) procure this amount of rnvenue by a
duty of five cents? I will prove that you cannot.
And I will take for this purpose the documents
wh'ch were produced by the Senator from Maine
yesterday, but which he produced for a very differ-
ent purpose. In 1840 there were but three mil.
lions of yards of cotton-bagging imported. Now
three millions of yards, at five cents, will give
$160,000; which is $70,000 less than woald be
produced by a rate of two cents upon eleven
millions.   In 1840 the duty was not Ave cents;
it was somewhere about three cents—certainly
not exceeding three and a half cents. Yet, in
that year, all the cotton-bagging used was of
home manufacture, except about three mil-
lions of yards; giving to the domestic articlea
market equal to about seven millions of yards
Raise the rate of duty, then, and what wilt
be the result? It will have the effect of complete
exclusion. Instead of having three millions of
yards imported, there will probably not be more
than two millions; and, upon that two millions,
you will receive ¿100,009. But, if you reduce the
duty to two cents, what will be the result? The
importation will be much greater, and your reve-
nue will be greater.
There is one principle by which you may test
whether this be a bill for revenue or for protec-
tion. It is this: when you increase the rite of duty
so high as to exclude the article, or, at the least, to
diminish the amount of importation, it must bs for
protection. Here is a rule which may be depend-
ed on; it cannot be got over: Raise the duty so
high as to diminish the amount of importa-
tion, it must be for positive and. direct protec-
tion, and nothing else. I have shown that a duty
of three cents a yard had the effect, in 1840, of
keeping out all but about thrte millions of yards.
You diminish your revenue, then, and yet you say
your object is to raise revenue, and that alone.
How is this to be reconciled? But I do not end
here. While you bring into the treasury but
§150,000, you, at the same time, imr-ose a charge
upon the cotton-planters equal to $660,000; and
this I show by the argument of the Senator from
Kentucky himself. Here is an amount of up-
wards of $500,000 annihilated—a greater sum
than you bring into the treasury by your duty. Is
it not clear, then, that the bill is intended more for
protection than for revenue?
Mr. CRITTENDEN had but very little practi-
cal knowledge of the subject of the manufacture of I
Kentucky bagging, and had merely made his state-
ment from information. He had quoted the pne?
of bagging yesterday from a Louisville paper at 16
cents. He now held in his basd a New Orleans
paper, in the price current of which he found the
price quoted at frera 13 to 15 cents for cash, and
15 io 17 ceats on time. "There seems to be a re-
markable difference between the price in Louis-
ville and New Orleans. He had, however, only
stated the facts, and left it to the Senate to reason
upon them. He had also stated the fact, which he
had learned, that the bagging manufactures in
Kentucky were in a very languishing condition;
and that, without some encouragement, they must
go down. He left this fact, too, as stated, to be
reasoned upon a< gentlemen pleaded. He could
not, however, r>elp thinking that the condition of
these factories was like that so aptly illustrated by
the Senator from Rhode Island, when he said it re-
minded him of a barrel, the hoop* of which were
taken off, and the staves were all falling to
pieces.
He had heard it prevsed yesterday, by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [iff. Preston,] and re-
iterated by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Bagby,]
to-day—peihaps it was said only jocularly, and he
would, therefore take it as such—that the argu-
ments in Hipport of incidental prohibition savored
very much of an intention to debauch gentlemen's
understandings, for the purpose of picking their
pockets. But, according to their own account, the
gentlemen's pockets are empty; and he could not,
therefore, see what was to be picked from ther .
Mr. C. entered at some length into the subject of
incidental protection, with a view of showing that
itcoaldbe done wilhout diminution of revenue.
He had yesterday stated, from McCulloch's
Dictionary, that gunny-bag cloth could bo pur-
chased in Bengal at 2 cenls a yard. But more re-
cent information had been placed in his hands this
morning, from which he learned that a better kind
was now made to meet this market, the price of
which in Bengal is from 6 to 8 cents. Then, taking
theave.-ige at 7, and adding 5 for duty, the price in
Charleston would be 12 cents.
Mr. KING said it would be mor , as the square
yard would have to be calculated for the duty: the
jj  price would be 14 cents.
¿Mr. C. proceeded to say that he did not know
whether it was the running yard or square yard.
He only stated such information as he had done,
leaving it te other gentlemen to maks their calcu-
lations as they pleased.
Here, then, it was evident the duty added would
still leave the foreign bagging at a price less than
the Kenincky bagging can be afforded at. How,
then, could it be said that this duty was a prohibi-
tory duty?
He next adverted to the arguments of the Sena-
tor from Alabama, [Mr. Bígby,] that no protection,
cither incidental or direct, should be given to home
manufacture; and he was sorry to find that the
arguments of the Senator from South Carolina
near him, [Mr. Fkeston,] who spoke yesterday,
tended to tne same doctrine; but he would only
contrast with their opinions, the opinions of Mr.
Madison and the great men of his day, as well as
the opinion of every President cf the United States
from the beginning of the Government down to
the present day, including General Jackson and
Mr. Van Buren. The incidental protection of
American industry had never been denied as a
legitimate exercise of constitutional power by any
great statesman connected with public affairs. It
was useless now to attempt to set up any connter-
doctrine.
He had read yesterday, from information fur-
nished to him, that the price of Scotch bagsing at
Dundee was seyenpeoee, being equal to 15 cents
here; and a duty of 5 ceats on that price is SS-J
per cent.; which is below the average duty of this
bill, as ths Senator from South Carolina estimates
this average, is not that a duty for revenue? Is
it any mote protection than the duty en any other
article?
Mr. BAG-BY interposed to say that his proposi-
tion was, that this bill ought to be for revenue
alone, and not for protection, direct or incidental.
Mr. CRITTENDEN resumed. He asked if
gentlemen had to bear a burden, and which they
could nut help bearing, and their neighbors had to
bear it too, and if it pressed more heavily, through
accident or otherwise, upon their neighbors than
on themselves, why should they mourn or com-
plain if, in the laying on of the burden on their
neighbors, it was done in such a way ai to relieve
them irom extraordinary pressure? All had still
lo bear the burden; and to relieve one does not in-
crease the burden of the other. The Government
tabes alt that can be levied for the treasury; but if,
in doing if, the manufacturers of Kentucky can be
encouraged, why should they not be encouraged?
He did not, in advocating the ir.'teres's of the bug-
ging manufacturers of Kentucky, stand here as
the mere solicitor of a smail and sectional interest.
The principle which he maintained was general,
and applied io American industry all over the
Union; and that he would at all times be ready to
support.
Mr. KING said he was aware that the Senate
was already fatigued with this discussion; and he
woald therefore say very little, and that little he
would have forborne lo say, were it not that he
thought hi? friend from Kentucky had taken an
erroneous view of the subject. He (Mr. King)
was in favor of a fair system of duty for revenue;
and he bad no hesitation in saving that he was in
favor of to adjusting that duty, as to give inciden-
tal protection to domestic manufactures. He had
no hesitation, living in tha part of the country
he d.d, to avow here, thai while he would' not
lay duties for protection alone, yet, when ths
wants of the treasury demanded i!, while laying
duties for revenue, operating upon the con-
sumption of the whole country equally, he would
do it in such a way a? to give incidental
protection to every branch of industry. He
hoped, then, that he should at least be ex^mpt
from the charge made by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that those who v?ere opposed to a high rate
cf duty were enemies Vj the encouragement of do-
mestic industry, and were willing to see it broken
down and destroyed. The subject was under con-
sideration as long os*o gs 1816; and what was the
course then pursued by the North, South, Enst, and
West? The duties were so arranged as to bring
into the treasury the largest possible amount, and
