8,10
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
than they aera under the act of 1828, because the
cash duly was to be added, which the Committee
on Manufactures estimated to be equal to five per
cem ; by adding which to the rate imposed bv the
bill, it would make the duty nearly 15 per cent.
greater than under the former law.
Mr. CÜTHBEar said he only desired ¡o make
one s'atement in relation to the condition of 'he
cotton business in this country. .Everybody was
aware that it was extremely depressed, and he
trusted, on that ground, his New England friends
would be disposed to be a lut'c more forbearm? to-
wards the South, it was through tne wdn=try,
and enterprise, and íngeam'y of his Eastern friends,
that the East India article was to be manufactured.
Hope* might, therefore, be entertained thar the ar-
ticle would come in at a cheap rate
A wop of fifty b les, of 350 pounds each, was
considered a large crop, the gross proceeds of
which were about §17 50 pei bah From thi must
be deducted the charges, incurred in the prepara'ien
for the market, and conveyance for tne bagging,
rope, storage, &c—mikms in all aboutsix dollars
and a half, leaving the not proceeds f 11 pel bale.
Multiply this by 50, and you have Ihe whole pro-
ceeds of a cotnn crop, amounting to only $550
Out of (his, ihe planter had to pay his tax-% clothe
his slaves, and pay the various expenses ot hi«¡
plantation Trie profits, then, we'e reuuced almost to
nothing. la all sensibl  ¡egi-!a ion,*iegdid should
hi had to the condition of the particular branch of
this trade which was the subjectof that legislation,
and thü was the present condition of ihe co ton-plant-
ers. Was this a time, then, when tbey were war
ranted in imposing this new burden upon thtm?
Mr SEVIER moved at adjournment.
Objection being made, a division was called for,
and the count was ayes 21, noes 14.
So, at five o'clock, without (ne questien on the
pending amendment be ng taken,
The Stnaie adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fbidat, July 29, 1842
Mr C J. INGE8S0LL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill to change ifu. time ot
holding the district coutts m ihe western district of
Virginia, and fur other purposes.
Tue bill wa& read three times, and passed with-
out objection, immediately aiitr which—
Mr. STEENROD 'aid he desi ed to mo\ e a re-
consideration ot ihe vote by which the biM was
p¿v ed, in ordir lo add a ccuoi, p-ovtding for
holding a court rt Wheel ag, in addi ion to ti ose
already held ai o ¡¡cr places
C >ri'-nit.r lblp deoat  uKucd, m v hic'i Me°s>ri
STEENROD, HARRi.3, SUMMERS, and HOP-
KINS took part Bj general consent, the vote was
reconsidered, a><d Mr. Stelnbod's ama daient re-
ceivtd.
The previous question having been moved by
Mr HOPKINS, and sustained by tbe House, ihe
amerdiraitof Mr S was reacted,
The bill was then fa se i
The s>evtial sunting co ttmittees were then
called on for uponi.
Mr CO WEN, fiom the Committee of Cairns,
repot led Seiutle bi'i No 92, wj'n ameidmeo a ¡e-
fern. i lo the Cj "¡mutes ot the Wh ne Uod^e
Mr, CASEi', (um ih C mnnike on Public
Land , repor id £ca«i e 11 1 N > 245. Rtad a third
time an i pissed
Mr C also repute! S i>-.ie I ¡1 No 246 refer-
ied to ihe Comrn (tee oí the W n le Hi use.
Mr GENTRY reported Ssnite bi'l No 25?
¡ettf^d I) tho Couirnuiei of the Whole Hou e
Mr WHITE rf I daña r.p rte i S iai  IiU
N-> 240,   icn was r ttr' d to ilie Commit «.■> oí
the WnA   liouse
A bi! lor the lelief of Jjhn Q Roekivay was
r<ad a tNrd tir     nip ssp 1
Mr RO ■-"EVE/ i ,ram 'oi C "in i "• on tve
Jj ciai>,'e"c IS-a b 1, No 218—a h! *'i-
taonz ng a 'tmp ow* i" 'i tiessrei s u Sin ij"l
Swart  t Mr R s„i i th- Govirniru  \ i jId
save §25 000 i>y tne speedy pas a<re >f t it b! 1
Mr PROFFÍT wish d to 4 oate i>, ard the b 1!
was, therefore, referred to the Committee of the
Mr HALL nadeoimdn. eporu from the Com-
mittee on R^volutionaiy Claims.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affurs, made a repor', accora
paited by certain íesolu i*>ns m relation to ihe let-
ter ot the S cetary of War declina? to answer a
call from he House for íntorma i-ui touch ng hs
frauds alleged to have been con-muted upon the
Cherokee Iudians. fit coved that ue repon and
reso'u lions be printed
Messrs IRWIN and PROFFIT called for tne
reading of the report and resolution*, which were
read by the Clerk.
Tne repoit concluded with the following resolu-
tions .                                                    *
Jieso7vedt That the House of Representatives has a light to
dennn ) fio n the Etecutiie such 11 formation as ma> he m hia
pos e«=nn relat i g to sub '-Cts-ofthe deliberation** of the House,
and wi hm the spheie of us legitimate poweis
Resolved, 1 na the reports and lacta call*11 for by the Hot se
of Repie=cntatives by its lesolutlonof the 1 fh uhirr elated
insureds of its delibeiations and were witlilnthes > f\ of its
legitimate powelo, and should have been cotimumcated Iheie
foie,
hevoloed, That thePresident of the united Sftes bs request
td o eau&e tobe communis tied to hisliousethe seveialrepoits
]c <dy made to the Departmentof Wat bv lieutenant Colonel
Hitchcock relative to the affaire of t e Cherokee Indians, to
gethei with all nifoi mation communicated by him concerning
the Itauds he was charged to investigate, alao all facta in the
possession of the executive, from any source, leiating to the
subject
Mr GWIN asked if the question was debatable,
as he hal some remarks which he desired to 'ub-
mit He was willing, however, to postpone his
remarks to any other time, if the whole should go
over
Tne SPEAKER remirded the ¡renileman from
Mrss'SMpm [Mr QwinJ that the gentleman trom
Pennsylvania had moved the previous question.
Mr PROFFIT, Mr. BOWNE, and other^ in-
quired when ihe previous question had been moved,
for, on their side of the House, it had r.ct been
heard.
Some conversatnn ensur.d between Mr JAMES
COOPER, Mr WELLER, Mr. TORNEY, and
the SPEAKER
Mi, J COOPER then withdrew his motion fcr
the previous question, and moved that the reeola-
tion b  adopted. He explained tha nccess.ty fcr
ihe disposal of this question, as the Comruttee on
Indian Affaus comd not di'-chaige a d^ty wmch
had been committed to them, wi hout ihe aid of ihe
¡no nation which thee papers contauifd. lie
-isaiu moved the adoption of the resolution, and
the printing of the report, and on thi1- b moved
the previo is question.
Mr PROFFIT complained of the course which
ih<* s;ei.tioman iiom Pe. ns>ylvania was puisuu g
He was c n-.ur")¡; ¡> high officer of Ihe Goverr-
m nt ind oy the previtus que tion, wjuid cut cS
every cxp ?nit n or jus'ifi attoi fl  moved to
¡ay ¡ne whole mi j^t on the tabk-, nnd on that Lr
Cilled for the veas .and rays. He denounced me
proceeding as scandalous
Mr J COOPER rose repeatedly, and attempted
to msike some explanation
Mi. PROFFIT, at each attempt ca'Jed him to
crdtr, and refused to allow him to say a word, un-
less the same light could be extended io oihers
The voas and nsys were then ordetet, and, bsmg
taken, resulted ihus—yeas 58, nays 101
S > the House re us°d lo lay on the tabl-
The question r< curred on the previous question,
wh ch v a vcofid d
T ii, qa   ion, "Shall the mam question be now
pji?" «as lal en by tellt/s, who r-po'tel 72 in ihe
alii mauve, «lid 5J in the negat ve
Cj ti e main quest on was ordered
A divi-ion r-ivh g beeu ea led, th" nr^t qaestion
Wrtstnthepi «org o' the r< pjn an 1 "esolutiüD.
Mr. PROFIT í lied f.i th<- y>,s and nays,
th ch w f Oij'ii ', ?t 1 cbi1 '' ¿* í How Yeas
%1 rat>- 07
M    PROFFIT cilieJ tor tne oide s of Ihe day.
Mr CO VEN ip ve nat the Hou e so nto
Comn>i t c of tt? Ti\',io''
Mr J. COPPER ad, by ^íheial C3"stnt, he
vas vidin^ Hat ie piev ou  question on t'e re-
naming branch ol his ¡i-otion should be with-
diawn.
i'he SPE&KCR announced that the morning
hour had expired.
Mi. COWEN renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Wboli—this being private bill
day.
Mr UNDERWOOD obtained permission to in-
troduce two bill , which were read twice and com-
muted. The first was a bill to provide for keep.
mg the accounts of earnings in the penitentiary of
the District of Columbia; and the second was a
bill to privido for furnishing materials for the
same penitentiary.
Mr COWEN renewed his motion.
Mr. J R. INGERSOLL honed the House
■wonld agree to take up and dispose of the bill
which was passed through the Committee of the
Whole on the siale of the Union yesterday.
T-eSPEAKER informed the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that if the House should vote down
the mction of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
CowEir,] he could make his motion to take op the
bill to which he alluded
Mr. J. R INGERSOLL hoped, then, the mo-
tion would be voted down.
Tne Home ihen refused to agree to the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. I D JONES made adverse reports on the
petitions of Oliver Keith, Sampson Hamilton, Rob-
ert Grignor, William Keltar, John Allen, and
Daniel Palmer.
Th  SPEAKER presen.ed the memorial of
William Gr Burgess, administrator of R C. Ray-
land, deceased, of Tallahassee, in Florida, in re-
lation to a claim against the Government.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolu-
tion ot the House of the 23d instant, requiring each
item of Indian corn and sugar-cane, and the sum
paid, "vith each i em allowed, under the act of the
9th June, 1840, lor the relief of General D. I,.
Cli rh
Mr COWEN renewed Ins motion that the
House resolve itself ¡rto Committee of the Whole,
for the purpose oi taking tip the private calendar.
Mr C adverted to the little time during this ses-
sion that had been devoted lo the consideration of
private bills, urged the great and pressing wants of
the clatmanis, and earnestly hoped that this day
and to morrow wouM be set apart for the consid-
eidlion of iheir claims Mr. C. called for the
yeas and na>s on his motion
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL observed that
the oill which had been repotted from the Commit-
tee of the Whole yesterday, and which should come
up regularly to day, [the contingent appropriation
bill ] contained a great many private claims of
gttat importance, a*id equal y deserving of the
consideration of the House. The committee acted
jesteiday with great industry, and abortively if the
motion of thegenileman prevai'ed
On the question of otdenng the yeas ard nays,
(Mr. COWEN having called for teller*,) Messrs.
Cowbn and Smith of Virginia were chosen; who,
it count'ng, íeported 37 ayes—a sufficient num-
ber.
So the yeas and nays itere ordered and taken,
resulting in—yeas 100, nays 58
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of ¡ne Whjle, (Mr Smith oi Virginia in
the chair,) and con id¡ red ihe following bills:
The bill tor the i ' "f of the legal represent-
ative if WllamD Cheever, deceased.
Afler a u>ci ss on m wl"cb Messrs COWEN,
FILLMORE, WISE, and CAVE JOHNSON
tcok part, tae funha consideration of the bill was
po^ip-ined for tnr pr° en'
A o ) tor the leliti cf W. Holt, of Beaver
r w y, P nnsjiva., a, wps read, and laid aside, to
'    rep< rlei wiihojt a-nea^tnent
A bul 'o' tne relief of Josepl, Nimblet was dis-
cu.se if Me sr UNOFRWOOD, HOPKINS,
MALLORY, nnd E^FBEPT
O i no ,o i of Mr MALLORY, the bill was laid
asid , to bo repone n th" House, with a recom-
raeikUiion that u be 'fjeetc 1
■I1 foi the rehtf ot Isaac Justice was discussed
bv Messrs M4.LLORY, JONF3 ARNOLD, and
SPRÍGG
On motion of Mr MALLORY, it was laid aside,
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it be rejected.
