CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
A bill to provide for the payment of the passage
of General Lafayette from Prance to the United
States in th; year 1824, was opposed by Mr AY-
CRÍGG.
On motion of Mr. CO WEN, ¡t was laid aside,
and 'ts consideration, for the present, postponed.
A bill for the relief of the widow and children of
Benjam'a W. Hopkins, deceased, was taken up,
and the report of the Committee of Claims read.
Mr. PARMEMTER explained the nature of the
claim; and was followed by Ma^rs TOMUNSON
and EVERETT- laid ande, to be «ported.
The bill for the relief of M.chael Sullivan was
next taken up, and discussed hy Messrs G00DE
of Ohio, CO WEN, UNDERWOOD, P'OORE, and
MEDILL, but without coming to any decision
On motion of Mr. GIDD1NG3, the commit ee
rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, July 30, 1842.
Mr. TALLMADGrE presented the proceedings
ot a meeting held in the town of Westbrook, New
Yoik, m favor of a protective tariff- ordered to he
on the table.
Mr. T also presented a memorial from Charles-
town, Massachusetts., praying Congress to repeal
the drawback or bounty on spirits distilled trom
molasses: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. T also presente 1 the petition oftheoffrer
and clerks attached to the custom house at New
York, praying that the portion of the revenue bill
now pending befoie the Senate, wliio1  requires that
no compensation bhall be paid to persons employed
in the collection of revenue until th<"r accounts
shall have bern audited at the ÁVca.-.ury Depart-
ment, may not receive the "-anction oí C .ingress, as
it would put th m to gre-t lneoavnuMi-e, mi !
cause suffeuj , and wo iU re--Uit in no corre ¡ oud-
mggood to the Governnenl ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. LINN pres n!ed a psut ot, Gom 335 citi-
zens of St Louis, Missouri sug¿e ting tlv proprie-
ty of Government purcuaiitifc trom Capt H. M.
iSoreve bis patent-ng'U for the siagboat, I chew-
ing it due to the West, and to G?pt Shr< ve, that
the invention Ahould become pub ,c property. Al-
so, that ample fppropnatoiii should be rra^',
without delay,'o iiabie the ptoper depart iie.u ci
the Governmen' to tause optrai ons to be com-
menced with the si as; be >is m th' M "sis^ ppi ,x¡¡¡_\
Arkan-as i>veis, wheie (he- i-cuim'atioi of snp^s,
since the snag-boa s have been lj u>« idle 'o* want
of means to work turn, ha? b"ai to g^at as to
cause the loss of boa's and caiques worth many
hundred th jsand dollar ord re I to It on the
table.
Mr. TAPPAN pre e-^a n.i uio'.al f'om en -
zens of the town of M^unt PI a nt, in Har is n
county, Ono, praying that Con -e s will es'fbi mi
a permanent protective'arf, pa ticu' ily to ^ivi
protection on the articles oi wool, auk, cotton, an 1
iron, ordered to 1 e on t''e tab e
Mr PHELPS, from tli2ComJii"es on Re,olu
tionary Clinn, made alversa repjris nth' p ti-
tionof John Maride, in behalf ol th' clvld'ei c
Charles Maikle, andoi the pei'iioi  of Rebn
Dickerson, and the h"ir of Jorsn Gmniy, pi  yr •
an apprepr.-Uion of land to satisfy land warr.'.us
issued for military ounces, wbita n poi s wtie oi-
d red to he on th  Utile <!nd oe nr n ed
Mr. TAPP4N gave ro ire t' «tt he «on11, at the
proper time, m >\e to amend tas tañí bul, b/ die
addwot. of he foilo  u ¿, wa.c i was tead, acd or-
dered to ce print  d
And be itfurthet maued That wVnever the Pi oidei t
of the United S ates shah leceive „j.u=fac oí y evidence lint the
corn flom, api salte! piovisioo , expone t from the unite 1
Statesin vessels ownel by citizen of tut. United -Mates aiead
muted nee oí du y it th" "ev ia! poi of ary Lnooeao
Btateoi kingdom, he •shall make ) toJ imation there ! u tht.
peopleof the United Sutes, and the-t upon abei the  ir_ ion
o' three months from the date of such piojamation, the du it--,
imposed by this act up«n all aiticn the 410WÜ1 or manular
tare of such state or kingdom admi ting such corn, flom, m
salted provisions free of duty, so la. as the same exceeded 20
pel cent ad valorem, snail be tnencefoith chargeable with a
duty of 20 per cent ad valorem, and no more
The joint resolution to provide for the reimburse-
ment to the treasury ef the moneys expended here-
after in extinguishing Iu'd'an titles out oí ihe pro-
ceeds of the sales of the land-, thus to be acquired,
eame up in its order—the question being on its
reference to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion oí Mr. WHITE, the resolution was
la d o. the table tor the present.
On motion ot Mr LINN,
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Treasmy be lequested
to send to the feenate a statement showing the annual amounts
appiopmled by Congress since 1835 to satisfy private claims
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would, on
Monday next, ack leave to introduce a bill to con-
form the natura'12'tion laws to what they were un-
der the administration of Wa^hm«ton.
House bi 1 entitled A.n aot malting an approprt-
?*ion to supply t ie deficiency in the navy pension
fund, came up n its. ordei, as m committee of the
wb ie
rVr. CHO\TE moved to amend the bill, to 'he
efiert that the widows 01 children of seamen or
matines who aie row deceased, shall receive the
pensions to which 'aid seamen and mrmne1- were
entitled under existing laws.
Mr. CHOATE desired that the amendment
should be printed. He was n*ot prepared to debate
it to day.
On moMon of Mr. ARCHER, the bill was then
postponed till Monday, and the amendment or-
dered to be printed.
The following; resolution, submitted  on Thurs
day  by Mr. Young,  was. taken up, and,  being
amended, on the motions of Messrs   SMITH of
Indiana, and YOUNG, \i s considered and adopt-
ed
Resolved that the Secretly of the Treasury be directed to
communicite !j the bínate, u t ie commen^emc itof die ncju
session of ' n^ie «, a sta e n nt, in a condensed foim, as fai as
the sunt can be done exhibiting—
It the estimattd quantity of land in each Sta'e and Tcin
toiv
¿Ú The quantity of public land 11 each State and leintí y
to whndi the Inlia i title has been extinguished and 1! c quanti
ty t ) winch ttieli   lan it'c hi  t ot been exti i°ui=hed
3t ihe qui itily ot t> )ve>edan<l unaurv yed land in each
btd eani lununy btating the quantity of uns irveyed lind in
each -luiveyor Oenoial s Ul trict, and the quantity oí 1 ind m
each btate 01 lenitoiy not included ill any 1 md distact and
the estimated quau ity of public lands not within the Salts ui
01" nued ieilltones
lth Die number of acios of the public land' sold from the
eai best pet tod of the ales up to the present penul, and the
amount ol money teeeived from such sales Jum g the panic
time, distinguishing the amount reserved from the sales in
eaeh Sta c and Tern ory 111 each year, and .staging the gioss
quantity unsold in <-ach land dntuct
5th The qatntify ol linl setapaitfor Indian tribe" up to
the present pen id designating the name of each tribe and
til   sej Hole qu u tity set apm fei each
fith The imou t nl money, as neir asean he ascprtimel
which has been p nd by the United States in the extinguish
ment of Indim tules up to the piesentperiod
th 1 ie several amounts of inney secui d to be paid to
anvoffbt lidnntuh s, as annuities, and the duration of such
annuities lfoectively
4 b Ihe nun it invested in stocks by the United States on
Indun account the names of the nnesioi which bucli invest
nenio welt made, the natuie of the slocks, the conditions
upon whi It tliey weie puichesed, and the limes an i maunei
liwhichtli nieitst in luing u¡ on such slocks is paid to the
tubiv cifnlet to the same
<Hh The amjunt pain for surveying ihe public lands, and
'he otal amount paid for selling the same as fii as can be
d cciUincd uptithc i lesent ptriol, including ihe expei es
if 11    Geneial I and Odre
iü h th imounts paid in the [ arc iasc of Louisiana and
rioudi sta e 1 separately, with the mteieat pud rn die pui
chase money 111 eacti ca->e, a id the c timat^d qua tUty of Und
atquued ly   aid puicb ises re^i eclively
tlth rheauniints pi J to any of the Stated in conseqiienc
of a ^ale 0 1 si in 01 then waste land to the United states
an 1 the amo tta 1 in the eKiinsu shiner t of private e aim
to the lan is ti u   sold 01 ceded
12th íhequmiuyr land it! each ^(at pate Ued on acrtouat
of military bo nlies lot si vicu read leddu mg the lale \iai
v\i h G eat IÍ11 am
l11 1 1 he inimiei of unsa lifted claims on Ihe same account
a¡ d the q u iti \ o   land requi ed to satisfy the same
lllb fho amiun ol 1 d scitp issued on aceouut of the
^ afe o Vupinia m con=( qei ice of Ihe cession of her waste
lands ro tt ^ t nittd 31a es foi mili ary sel vices réndele 1 bv her
cus n   bu ■* the  ev duunnaty war
15tli ih tin unt of crip req m d to liquid to Ihe unvatls
fielclaimson th same account a-Jai as tbesame caí beacer
tamed a lh" oepaltme it
loth Tl ci mis of lan Is maut, to 1] 0 several S at s and
Tei non fiom beeailiest neuodupto the present time aid
thepuipos s In whics such ianH were male and m \vh t
case^, an i tiwhat extent in making such nidu alten tie
stcion eeies 1 ed to tl e U nted States an 1 in Iho e Cl e«
to what quantity amito wha price was Ihe minimum incr" t-\
to s ich altei late st- ions and also what quantity jf ¡ u 1 c
lands have bcen gran ed to inst tutions, co npanies, and 1 hvid
uals by special acts of < ong-'ess
17ih The names ol S ates by winch cessions of waste ant
o her lands weie uidle to the United States, the dates of such
cession5, the terms and conditions on which the same were
maae, and the quantity of la id íeseived by such States res
pectively, or for their benefit, from the lauds thus ceded to the
United States
1
18th. The States and Territories, 01 parts <*f States and
Terntoiies, compiehended by the purchases of Louisiana
and rionda, w 1Ü1 such notes of explanation as may be deemed
necessary to a proper understanding of the ¡same
On motion of Mr BENTON, tüe bill to provide
for the armed settlernánt of a f ortion of Florida
was t\l*en up, th tjU ¡stton being on concurring
wi h the Hous" in the'   ame^d'nents to the bill.
Mr B said the com mtufe h.d considered the
substitute oí the Houie ler the bill, and recom-
mended thai the Sei ateWhcur therein.
Mr SMITH o<" Indiana said that when the bill
was former'y Itiore the Senate, it assumed a miH-
tary chancer, as the title indicated—being a bill
for the armed occupation of Florida As it passed
the Senate, he ;oted for it, though reluctantly, be-
cause it contain  I some provisions to ' hich he was
opposed Th' bi'l, as ill as,been returned from the
House, assumed entirely a ne-v shape and character.
It picsented itself now simply as a bill gran'mg a
donation of 200 000 acres of land to settlers, \ Uh-
out any consideration whatever. The settlers, tf
they get there and choose to piotcct themselves,
will be entitled to the hnd. The bill, as it now
stood, was without a pretext for the-settlers to pro-
tect the citizens of Florida If the bill passed, it
would require addiuonai regiments to protect the
people oí Florida. It it was intended to grant pre-
emptions, it should go to the Commttiee on the
Public Lands, to be examined; for he maintained
tint, as a bill of such a character, there was not
a shadow of pretext for its pas sge. So unguard-
ed a-r ns provisions, that it wo Id have tUe effect to
fill (he Territory with lawsuits. He hoped the
Sent-ie would not concur in the subktpjte The
(Htteis, as the bill stood, were even author-
ised to settle r'own and take the whole of
t'e school lands, to which he i^as opposed, as
he had bfen when th  bill bore 'he mibtsry flag.
Concpiviri? the bill to be a bounty upon settlements,
not even ¡cquiring the settleis to pro'rci them-
selves, bui r/ivng 200,000 acres of land, without
any eonsi ¡eration whatever, except that the settlers
shall keei themselves^ from bung shot he could
not give it his sanction, and would move to reier
it to ihe Conn l'tee on Public Lands.
Mr. YOUNG su?g"sied t > the chairman of the
Commute  on Military Affairs [Mr Benton]
wheib. r there was any provi«'on to save from dep-
redation the live-oak timb r He urderstood that
theie \tas a great deal ¡herd and, unless there was
sene lectiictior, it would be carrretJ«way------,__
Mr. BENTON wjs understood ¡0 say that
the general lav/ suffi íently guarded the timber;
th t, by such law, an agent wis appointed, at
a taUry ot dbjut two t'iou and dollars per an-
num, to protect the timber of the Government;
and tl.-tit wai not 1 e-essary to multiply provisions
o l*w tor thst purp se. Ii wa  the people who
u id ves-\l<, -wean inn ed dep eda onsvipmthe
timber, pud ro' thos  w^o plough th? soil—such
as tms hi author zd to go heie He gave his
opinion fifteen yo>rs is;, - ih.it lor every cubic foot
t. 1 nber, it would ci t th  Gov>"iment a cubic
foot ol s vtr £ ten was lis op.aun stnl Mr.
B was mule   ood to say that the Comm ttee on
> i.'ii/AP  sditttoi entire y concur with the
1'ousc 1 . mend ment; biii, is the pa sage of the
bin tit,i) a fiAuProt -o-rie mo-ncnt, aid ¡bey were
wi'hng to put it in operation a ítvas and try how it
wou d workforayenro"!wo,tiie'' thc.'Piore,tecom-
roeided ^concurrence. S uai as the objection of the
fcuatc lroniIn¿iaia[Mr Smith] to the bill vent—
that tors-sat'eis wotildnct give a consideration tor
Ihe 'a"'*, ar'd weie ' 0' toiiipellnd to fig.ht—the
wou J Oii'> say i i"t 'bosi* peoo'e vho 'e.tie there
will Id íü "iht foi-a 1 the lanj they ^ct by the
'1 " T.uy v ul 110 ¡rok to the p/ovitions of 'he
ji 1 o sec h'tntr th y cd-jht to fight, wben their
h > au> we e nuaded, but would repel their assail-
ants.
Mr '/HITE eaid the proposition was a very
impifUi t one, tb?t it h^d not b  n printed; and he
«ou.d beg'ad 10 have an opportunity to examine
its provisions, i.nd lher<-f is moved to postpone it
till Monday
The question was put, and deciced m the affirm-
ative—yeas 21, na>s 19.
Engrossed bill entitled An act to regulate enlist-
