8*2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ments in the army, uavy, and marine o rp«, was
taken up and read the thir.l tima aid parsed.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Jos
F -Calwell, having beea returned from the
House, wilh a vote disagreeing to the amendment
of the Senate, wa s on motion oí Mr LINN, com-
muted to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The- bill for the relief of the Steamboat Company
of Nantucket, was considered as in committee ot
the whole, reported to the Senate, and, having been
engrossed, was read ths third time and passed
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Da,i-
iel M. Hushes, Charles Shipman, and John Hen-
derson, (Unfed States Senator,) was next taken up
as in committee of the whole. Tms bill involved
a clatm of some $19 000 I! wa3 a case of tres-
pass commuted by 5,000 Creek Indians while tbe>
were in the charge of an officer of the united
States, whe was conducting them to their new
homes. It seems that these Indians encamped on
the lands of the individuals named in the ml), and
used some of the timber for fuel and for building
huts Tbe owners estimáis the damage done to their
premies by such trespass at $600 or $600 per acre.
The committee who had the bubjict in charge re-
jected the valuations assumed by ibe owners, and
reponed a bill authonztng the Secretary ot the
Treasury to ascertain the intrude value of the
timber destroyed, and to pay the same out of any
money m tbe treasury not otherwise appropriated
Messrs. KING, CALHOUN, SEVIER, and
YOUNG, thought the damages per acre set up
Were most extraordinary. They were opposed to
the passage of the bill, without more specific infor-
mation. They believed the term "intrinsic value"
was toa indefiai'e,and that, in allowing the c aim, the
owners should be paid for the trees—not as shade
or ornamental trees, batas t.mbcr They believed,
if a precedent Wore set 'by the pa «agf oí tht  hit),
claims of similar charac er, and as loosely founded,
would be pouring in upon Congres-,
Messsr. GRAHAM and CONRAD advocated
tha bill as it was, and a'rgued that, if the trees
were estimated according to their intrinsic value,
as the bill authorized, the claimants won d not get
enough as *n inducement to take testimony m
support oí then claim
Mr. YOUNG moved 10 to amend the bill as to
give Congress a check ovel ihe aüiou.U of [he ap-
propriation, t / aat'iuming an investigation i f the
damage* done by the trespass, and a renort of ihe
amount assessed to satisfy the same to be made lo
Congress at its next session
The question was pat on this amendment, and
it was rejected—lyes 20, nots 20
Mr. CALHOUN, lo nuke the b.llmore snecifi*,
moved to amend it so that the trees cut dimn
should be paid for according to ¡hen value ior
fire use and for building wood huts.
This amendment was rejected on a cot'"t« -a^es
13, noes 20.
The qjestun now bc g on ordering the bill 'o
be engrossed for a thud leading,
Mr CALHOUN demand* d ihe >eas ¿rid nays,
which were, ordered; and, the question oein  p'u,
it recalled in tbe „fli mauve—yeas 24, nay^ 17
'Ihe bill was ¡hen read th< \\\ui time, ¿ad
passed
THE NAVY BILL
Mr. EVANS, fio s the coram ttee of tonferei <e
on the disagreeing v > to ot ihe tuo Hju es ( n the
nav^ appropriation bul re; ortcd that the coiifen.es
of the t u Hlus-s t J.d « 'eeci tj i o mm"! d to
their r ^ff&tv-i Hou e as f lies'-
Ths>t theSeiirt í-r^defr in it amendmei, to ,he
prci'o of use Huj-e, b i g tht, tec >ul a en('.
men'of'he Send to sa d bill, <itn e.¿te¿ d,_ i
provisi , amir i!e i "> lead as fo'lots
Provided, 1 at u ill! o heiftim 01 h ed by e nsrreis the
officers oí thi1 navy stiah n t nciei !b _,ond llu ¡uní) i
of the If^p en ^ *üf,q that \tre I lie so vice ( n ü It
day oí Januaiv lst^, n r sn til t¡ o f Se my 1 i i1 el j .,11 it
meatofmid hipmoi in ¡1 h run r he emceb t, I cf 1
tothe nuitber 1111 weir nth<.seryj to tht I t > tji i v
1841 hejond which tKcy shall not be lecuived ui ill efiula
order of Congress
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
tko amendment of the House (which amendm"ur
proposed that the Secretaiy of the Taasujy should
not apply the $100,000 to tne construction ot a
floa'iag dock at Brooklyn, New York, unless he
was '-atisfied that u would succeed,) to tbe foi<nh
amendment o' ¡he fear-ate, *nd agree to aid
amendment if the House, and m ert"
"Anl if any pait of this appropriation shall bo exp led
upon tha soiwtrLCtwn of a floating doek as hereby authoi
lzeil, to  construction of <i a dry dock shall be suspended un
til the further ordei of Congress,''
dIU; that the House concur in the said amend-ni'M
of the Senate
The question was put on roraetng to the tepoft
of the committee o conference, and \t was car-
ried in the affirmative.                           \
THE TARIf F BILL.     ]     j
Mr. EVANS having called for the resumption
of ihe unfinished bu mfss of yesterda}—  /
The bill "toprovu'e levenue fren imports, and
to change and modify exis mg laws "tilting du-
des on imports, and ior o'Ler purp >ses,'|roraBtakea
up, as in committee of ihe whole, tbe question
pending being on M' Calhoun'8 modihed amend-
ment to the Finance Committee';, amendment,
which wdo to cn^ngé* the duty on ct on bagging
from 5 cents to 3£ cents per square yard, Mr Cal-
houn's first proposition being to substitute 2 cents
for 3b, but modified subsequently to a proposition
to make the duty en cotton-bagging, tr o'her im-
ported substttu'e, 20 per cent, ad valorem
On this amendment to the amendment, Mr. C.
had yesterday called for the jeas and nays, winch
were then ordered.
Mr. SEVIER said the State which he represent-
ed being as deeply as any m the Union interested
in this question, he would offer a fe  observations
upon the subject of this (as he considered) exorbi-
tant duly Tne duly had been heretofore very
high, and it was now proposed to make itsiill high-
er, and he (Mr. Sdvieii) was called uprn, for him-
self ard his constituents, to submit to an ex>rbitant
tax, tor the benefit oí a paiticular porlion of the
Union. Thtie was certainly no pait of ihe Uni-
ted States, for the benefit of which he would be
inore willing to submit to such a tax than for the
State of Kentucky From the circumstance that
he foun ' the bill so waimly advocated by the Sen-
ators fi om ihat S ate, he would have supposed that
tfce v. h il  State «as interested, and thai the whole
was to Oe bnnefite4, bu', f'jm his own nowledge
of that S p e, he was aware ihat the ma.iufactuie
of the ..rtick of collón baggirg tvi cmfined to a
srmill rvrt of the S ait— o a few counties near
Lexington, and ad ihe remaní"-' part of the
St e would neces'atily be t ,«ed ior tie benefit oí
a few raant'ftictur rs residing in those counties
Tne com exports i ñora Kt-situcky—and tt form-
ed a staple article tf etL.jrt—was almost Pn-
tirtly put in n th s description o bag^in^. Ihe
Urpcr portion cf the Slate, then, was to be sub-
jected to an enormot s tax, for the Lenefit of a small
p rtion of the same Siate. He confc- ea he mtght
be wrong i¿ the opm on he had formed, bs-au e
it was not usual n in d Sena'ors iVpnsed to assent,
oa the part ol the S a es thej rcp'e^eat, to tnat
vhirh they considered bv^idensocje, and it was
wit i smie surpnse, tnerefore, that he observed ti e
Sei.at«rs trom Indiana and Illtisoio dispos d to
support this cuiui a t lax, dlthougti those Slates
ixotMed laig"!y Ibe & u >le a'uUe, corn, ard, m
ui r« *o, i 'o v e ext uMvely u* the aitiiie of
coiti a-o lining la v^hat way «ere they to be
bent d b; tch a lax? Those Slates expo.t
nr iu>i« b Ce'n a d ¿tocl, and tn  corn ihey put
up i,i is, t viy ci non-lag  ii£? T ey lad Setii ¡J
ilia ee wh r  impositiou i "S p ic' sed by the
f* to i<      n   *<■ ■   S.te  ol   Ken uciy ,   they  had
IV
to tint
Ihirf f. ' t
\c y b' -"in
at ° i in",
oxen i> iy
comiu'd it.
I
-   t
-   S , te
of it i un *iil« u<i,m it
w i i\ , ii rn h ""a oi U'erty
c UN a id. H CWr P ) riai p H
m . >a'l, t o }eai p^o, tor "is
> ~"<v-ia j nt ii'ia lit, aiea-oi-
t a tiu i " t) 1 loe ccpa c e
tu Tip^iv je o t'i s ux ids
, jt 11 i vide Is Andii Wooertec-
iy evident that the ainoi nt of ihe t«tz won'd b"
so much addtri to the ce t of tie article Tftere
could be no mistake about this. Much had been
«aid about protectio Th1 \ihole of this bill,
from beginning to end, vps a bill lor protection,
and revenue was but a ¿econdary object A great
number of ameles meluledin tbe bill were taxed
to prohibition, and this bagging was o xj of them,
in ropa d to protection, he (Mr. S ) had but one
word to say Ht. abomina ed Ibe principle in any
shape—he eaied not whether it were called direct
or incidental. What did ¡hey mean by incidental
protection' If i> were that protection which was
derived from taxes laid for íevenue, be it so; bat
he was a/e'se to it, even in this shape. He was
opposed to piotccuon, either direct or indirect, con-
sidered as pro eciioii per te. H' was averse to be-
liig taxed for the btnefit of his neighbors It was
not right. It was not according to the command,
which 'ays, "Thou shall net covet thy neighbor's
goods " Tnere was no hone&ty in it. It was ta-
king from the pocéis oí one, lo put into ihe pock-
ets of another. They m ght just as well take
what he had by fosee, as by this particular legisla-
tion
This being a bill, then, for p otection, as he con-
ceive', aad not for revenue, n« could not give it
his support
He was also very much against what were called
specific duties. He was willing to raise any amount
of revenue by taxation which the wants of the
Government might require. Fix upon twenty-five
per cent , thirty per cent, or what you please. The
products of the West and the South have been
sinking in value, and will go much lower. And
here is a bill proposing to place a burden upon one
section of ihe Union, for ihe advantage of another
and a smaller sec ion He (Mr S ) would aot
vote for any such bill, whether they had revenue or
no . If the manufacturers of cotton bagging could
not live by their employment without having this
tax imposed for their protection, it was time they
should stop; he was not willing to fax his constitu-
ents $70,000 for their benefit. There was one
other part of the bill to which he would advert; it
was ¡bat WLach relater1 to home valuation There
w*>¡, s ¡nothing in Ihe name of "nome" that he very
much ff'mired If duties were to be levied, he
was for ascertaining  n<nr value at home, but, if he
understood the subject at all, home valuation was a
mere subterfuge, by whieh ths burden of duties
*as lo be increased If this were the case, he
would go against it altogether.
Mr. HUNTINGTON did not rise to prolong a
dwussion io the mdlle of the dog-day, for he
felt as little iVpos-d to do so as any Senator. He
would not, therefore, go Tito the subject of cotton-
baggmg, or gunny-bag , which had been already
worn so tbieadbare These were matters which had
been di^cu^sed, during the last three days, so
tborougnty, 'hat the/ ¡right now well be considered
exhausted of all interest He might, if disposed to
k°ep uo the deoate, dv ell upon ths remarks of the
Senator from Arkansas, as to tee importancs of
gunny-bags for packing the corn of Arkansas, In-
diana, and Up runs. Hut, although that was a new
view of tbe case, he would not now s'op to investi-
gate the ma! cr. He -would, however, advert
brieflv to he subjtct of cotton-bagging. If he un-
cW^tood the na ore of the opposition to the duty of
5 ceo o on the imported ar""! , it was on the allega-
tion ihat it wouldb1 a proktoitory duty, amounting,
accoid ii? to -one $,e tkmen'¡s calculations, to
from 100 or 150 pet cent, or,, s sr i,e gentleman
[Mr Walkí.r] <oi aided, 2óü per cem. This
wa-allwiong. Ii a ONe out of a miscalculation
of the price ot gunny jig cloth in India He re-
ferred to ihe Caicoua price of úi" arü Je, as quo ed
in the p ire current of ifiai market, which was
equ-1 o 14 ^.-n s per running >sra This was not
40 p-r c >r' , i>v- ead o 150 or 250 per cat He
) „cl i h ler, whuh  t ted h^t, in 1337, fere
Wi-i 3C0 bales of f >n an -i? gt g miDorted, at 350
j ' e-.cn, m 1838, 2f~ i.f.s, m 1839, 730 balp ;
in 18-1') 9 460 Mies, in 1841, 4 514 bal«s, in 1842,
uet imi>tp -. tiui,h larg r H3 e has been an
euovnoiis a""1 ¡a1 ocreisp, and pentlemen have
been T,E5ing22 cents ay?rd for this sp cie. of bag-
f i o Povi, then, can 'hey complain if the duty
c lly brings down the impoiter' piofit, which has
been o rnormous, but does not change the price
to tbe p'anterv?
Mr. BENTON would avail himself of the pres-
ent motion, to state the principles on which he
