should give bis vole oa the different items in the
bill. He was for a revenue tariff; for the Govern-
ment needed revenue, and must have it. But m
raising the revenue which the Government needed,
he would discriminate between luxuries and ne-
cessaries—between articles made, or not nade, at
home; and would so distribute the imposition of
dunes, as to afford incidental protection to home
industry. This industry divides uselfinto three
great branches: agriculture, manufactures, and
commerce. Thesebranches of industry rank, m
relative importance, in toe order named. Agri-
culture, which furnishes the means oí subsis ence
to man and to beast, ranks first. Manufactures,
which fashion and prepare the products, of agri-
culture and crude materials for the use of man,
stands second. And commerce, which exchanges
the superfluities of nations, and promotes civiliza-
tion, stands third. They are all three great in-
terests; but they have iheir relative and their
degrees of importance; and, in extending the
incidental protection which the levy of need-
ful revenue would corner, he would be gov-
erned by their relative importance, and would so
highest for that which was most important. He
would go highest for the agricultural interest; ths t
is to say, would lay the highest revenue duty on the
foreign imports which came into competition with
the products of our own aguculture. Now, what
was a revenue duty? This was a question of some
latitude, and susceptible of vatious answers, if an-
swered in the abstract;—but very simple, if con-
fined to facts The answer to the question only
requires two points to be established, namely: the
amount of revenue required, and the amount of
the dutiable articles wmch are to raise it. These
points tsiabhshed, and the rate oí duty restil s of
itself; and, in the present case, would give us an
average duly of about 30 per cent, on the value.
The amount of revenue needed for the Govern-
ment is stated by the commuters at about twtnty-
sevea millions—not the thirteen millions mentioned
before the election. The amount of dutiable ar-
ticles, after deducting re exportation  and free
articles, is. estimated at about ninety millions.
Thirty per cent on this amount would give
twenty-seven millions—the amount required; and
the whole to be taken from the customs, if the
lands are not restored to their destination. If the
lands are restored, tb.3 rate of the duty will be less.
Mr. B. would still hope to see the land revenue
restored, and the rate of duly proportionably re-
duced; but, for the present, he would follow the
committees, and assume about 30 per centum to be
the rate of duty which the wants of the treasury
required. This was the average: the actual duty
would be above that rate in some instances—be-
low it in others. The bill before the Senate rose as
high as 100 or 200 per centum on some articles.
He (Mr. B ) could not admit such duties to be
revenue daues. He could not conceive of a rev-
enue duty, the maximum of which should exceed,
or materially exceed, 30 per centum. Thirty-three
and a third was the one third part of the cost of
the article, and a tax of one third must be admit ed
to be a high tax. Above that, the duty might de-
feat in own object, by diminishing consumption, oi
inducing smuggling. Thirty-three and a third per
eentutn, he would then assume ai a máximum
revenue duty, and as high as he could go m any
case. These were his pimciples; and now for the
application. The article in question is an ag >
cultural article; it classes with pgrttoliural ar ides,
and belongs to the agncul'ural inte es!; for thou>l.
the bagging and the rope pass through a fact ry, yet
the factory ai d tV nemp-field are side by sid , anu
the factory works exclusively in the domestic
hemp. It 1-. net a case of some of these man-
ufactures wpieh pre c'led demesne, while they
work ua a fortisn na e'ial—foie> -n wrnl, or hide, '
for example, wpshedwta foreign soap, «rpased I
with foreign oil, djed v. u i foreign mgrec'i n s, and
worked by fore gi 1 ands (in some instance ,) ard
yet called domestic, "ihe ctt n-bs>g and rope-
factory is not of that kind, it is al itmen-an, I
and though the fac ones may be fe-v, yet the farm-
ers who supply thetn with hemp are numerous, it
is therefoie an agricultural interest: and in nis
yiew  entitled   to   the   highest   mcident.il   pro-   I
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tection which is consistent with a revenue duty.
Scotch bagging is j's loreign uval; and if tuis
duty was upon the value, he would «ay at
once,1} let it be 33i per cent. But it is not on the
value, but on thv, yard; and here some difficulty
arises. How many cents per yard will be the
equivalent of 33J? and the answer to this ques-
tion requires us to know the cost of the foieiga
article. Here, a^ a matter of course, We have dif-
ieren' prices quoted, and truly; for the same arti-
cle roust have different pnces m different years,
and even in the same yea*', under different circum-
stances. The Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] quotes a purchase made by an import-
ing merchant of the South in 1841, at 4and 5 pence
sterling. Tais is equivalent to 8 and 10 cents.
On the other hand, ihe Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Critienden] gives us quotations for len
year*; and ihey are from Ci peace to 7i pence;
that is to say, from 12i to 15 cents. Both quota
tions are authentic; but that of the Senator from
Kentucky mu.t predomina e; for he gives the
pnces 1 r a «enes of years nhilt the Senator from
South Carolina only gives the price 'n the case
of a single purchase. About 13 or 14 cents may
then be assumed as the average, or usual cost o'
the article in Dundee and Inverness, whence it
comes. Thirty-three and a third per centum would
be very near 5 cents on the yau', it th1! running
and dutied yard weie the same. But the yard for
duty is the cquare yard; and this is 4, or 6, or 8
inches nanowcr i lan the other. Then a duty of 5
cents gives more than 33¿ pel centum on the value;
ani, without Dre.endmg to prcci°" accuracy, it is
clear that 3i cent..—Ihe duty proposed m the
amendment—come n arelt to the duty desired.
It is a case in winch precision is unattainable—m
winch, in If cl, what was the precse eqvivalent at
one time would not be so at anoihei, am! brlievma;
3i cenls. on Ihe square yard to be near about—to
be a- near a5 veil could be attained—to the 33|
per centi m on t^e value, hj Jiou'd vote for it. Mr.
B. said tt at revenue was h s object, and proteeuon
the mcider t. tie had shown ihe principle on which
he Duivedat an average of 30 pereenmri as neces-
sary for revenue, and show n that there were cases in
which he would go a little above it He hod now to
take aooihT view of it, and to show the amount ot
the incidental protection which it would afford.
And here he had to appear paradoxical' for he
would say that a revenue duty ot 30 per cent, on
the value of the imported article was a prot«cion
of 60 per cent, on the home made amele! He
supported this proposition by showing that, with-
out any outy upon it, there was a charge of 30 per
cent, upon the foreign cos , before it could leave
the importer's hands. This amoant was thus made
up: costs and expenses of importation 7i percent;
importer's profit, 124 per cent; cash payments and
ho.ne valuations, 10 per cent. This was 30 per
cent, added to the foreign cost, without duty,
and before it Raves the importer's hands It whs,
therefore, an adbt.onof that amount to t .e cost
of the ar'He, and, consequently, a proieclion
to that amount to the home-made artic'e. Add
the duty to t'ei , and it is 60 per cut pr>
tect.on. It was ,i great p otution—enough fc
any interest—a much as the coismnnity s' ould
be¿>r—as mr'ijo' ftise po cy w<on.l e'e land
Make it Higher, en J ihe da'j will b" i boreuf
con'eVion, ■>' J l>-" smrt ol pnliiKV1 couflic s, until
it is reduced, oi iro'ren d <wn G ¡a pro'ubiio-y
du'v, c a f n d 'ct ^ ie i ve duty, and you
only bring or ; e0 't ¡a wh.rh n.ht and s.rengtn
w II event'.a i> prevai - he njht of the mass tj
pa., i.o inoie i  i thi. wanii of the Government
r> quire; the sti jgth er to  millions who cons'mie,
and who, i •■ long run, "'I defeat tn  "i s who
tax or in rdina e pr *it. "t evinc - ai"y ris'r 
as hi, i p< 3i| pn < n urn en sum" ame es, Je s
on others vil i >' e expiree  of "ípoita ion, and
the rip. net's rofu, is a gip<> protection, and
wi~e i ."nifac iKe's momu u^ c n fnted w h it,
?nd wiihdraw Hi  r interests f'om ihe ''eld of poll-
ers, and avoid ih" fue if poli'icj pit es
JV 8 irtern ed'hes  rem rks to be genera', arid
to i xolain the pnnc p'es oa which be sh u'd g ve
all 1 votes in i,.e progress of this bill.
Mr. BATES  said "there  was one point that
éiá
ought, at this stage of the debate, to be better un-
derstood than it seemed to be at present; and that
is, what constitutes n revenue bill. The Senator
from Mississippi says the duty of 5 cents on cot-
ton-bagging will ch ck or prevent the importation
of it, and therefore that this duty is not for revenue,
but for protection. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire says that a much less gtneral average of duty
than this bill provides will produce more revenue,
and therefore the bt'l is a bill for protection, and
not for revenue. The Senator from South Caro-
lina maintains that 20 per cent, is the true revenue
standard Now, with all deference, he said it
seemed to him that this is taking a narrow view of
the subject—ihe view which a mere tenant at will,
or sufferance, or for a year only, would take, who
only looked to see how much he could ga'her up
and carry off from a plantation or farm during his
brief possession of it, without any regard to its
future condition or permanent improvement.
The Secretary of the Treasury—whose province
it is, and m whom I have full confidence—sils"
down io devise the ways and means of carrying on
the Government—not as a politician, but as a wise
statesman; not during his official term merely, but
for the permanent supplies of the treasury. He
wi'l come to the conclusion that the supplies ought
to be derived from ihe customs—for this all-suffi-
cient reason, among others: that about one half the
duties, in such ease, will be paid by foreign pro-
ducers, in return for what we have been obliged
to pay, in the same way. as the tobacco-planters,
whcat-giowers, &c can abundantly satisfy him.
In th" next place, be will see that the cusioms
must depend upon the imports, and the imports up-
on ihe abtiity of the r "ople to pay. A naiion, in
the long ruii, ton only import what it pays for, and
what it can pay for, it will impirt. This is the
only 1 mif to consumption. Tie tendency of na-
tions is uniformly, as it is of individuals m their
expenditures, to go to the extent of thoir means—•
often beyond
The^e principles being recognised, which are as
true as the Book, in looking over ihe list of artt-
clts upon which to impose duties, he comes to the
cotton fabrics, and an ad valorem duty of 20 per
cent, upon this article, he says, will give me abun-
danca of revenue, but it will rum the business It
will throw out of employment the multitudes who
ara engaged in it, and who buy Iceely o'her im-
port  that bear a heavy duty. Toe factory girls
will no longer be able to buy their sllks-aird-sawos,
and pretty bonnet* and ribands, and kid gloves, and
silk shoes, and lace capes, and the thousand other
things with which th y know how to bedeck them-
selves. I shall gam on the coifon, but I shall lose,
on everything else. I 'hall gam on the cotton only
for a year or two, and los  permanently on all be-
side, and, iu the end, on th j cotton too.
He comes to the article of woollfiis, and there
mteis with the same difficulty. An ad valorem,
duty cf 20 per cent, wnl produce the same resalís,
and will rain the farmers in their great staple of
wool, to cay nothin-  of their market for other
things.
He corees then to the agricultural rrodncts gen-
ev 1/ Tre (, a-jain, a duty i f 20 percent, will
affird abim'snco of revei.ue, but, in the end.it
wnl ram ip frimers, and hurt the revenue We
should have wheat, rye, corn, oafs, barley, and
po alces, coming m upon us wi'hout limit. What
w^uld we do wph th> butter and lard to which the
Se' «tor from New Hawps'a re referred yesterdav?
Would he put the du y down to 20 per cen* ? No;
le would lai^e it a cent hi.her, as this bill does,
and exclude it—9^ I should dunk any statesman
Wt-uM,unle she etec} upon At" principle "The d—1
Lite the ! iiidnit t," "Eat and ai ink today, die
to rouo"" '
Ac comes to cotton bagging. lie reasons in the
at „ way, ar1 acs upon the "nae principle. In
' hot a wise sate man, intending to derivo his
I le enue from "he cnsioir.s—'ook.ng to ihe future
?s well as to the pie=ent—-wdl, in f 'ning his bill,
i ve primary refeience, as the ( nly resource upon
which he can rely, to ihe ability of the people, their
business, their labor, their thrif'; and he will so
frame his bill as to protect, entourage, and pro-
mole them—as the fathers of the Revolution did in
