¿16
Mr. CALHOUN made the question of order,
whether a minority of a committee could report a
bill.
Mr. BOWNE, one of the committee, rep'ied
that they had not reported it as a bilí, but merely
as notice of an amendment that would be offered
when the bill should come up He would now
move that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole, and would briefly assign bis reasons
for the motion. On the introduction of this
bill, and before its reference to a select committee,
a great effort was made to psss it, without any ex-
amination whatever. The House, however, came
to the conclusion that the subject was of such a
magnitude as to require a refereaee to a select com-
mittee; and it was made. He then supposed that
it was the determination of the House to have this
matter examined into, and a report made, to in-
form the members of the House, and enlighten
their judgments, so as to enable them to act on this
subject as its importance deserved. How far that
object had been aocompli'hed, he could in a single i
word inform ihe House. On the day of the an-
nouncement of ths committee, they were summon-
ed to meet at 5 o'clock in the afierroon. The
House adjourned about the time ths committee
were to meet, and they met soon after. The ma-
jority determined at once to take up the bill, and
dispose of it wi hout obtaining any information, or
any facts to enable them to legible correctly on
this important subject.
Mr. C. BROWN here interrupted Mr. B., and
made a few observations which were not heard.
M>\ BOWNE said that this reoort had been made
to the House precisely in the same situation in which
the bill was when first introduce'1; that is, unac-
companied by any facts or information wnatever.
Under these circumstance, he wa^ opposed to
making it the special order of ths diy for Monday,
when, by the operation of the previous qui stion,
it could be hurried through without any amend-
ment or alteration whatever, it they lefeirtal it
to the Ccmmittee of the Whole, the subject -night
be discussed, and amendments adopted, so that the
bill would be sufficiently matured to act upoj
when reported to the Home. These were the iea-
sonsfor making his motion.
Mr. CROSS submitted the following as an
amendment that t>e should offer at the pioper time:
(Strike out all after the emctina cluise, ami insert "Hut,
from and aftpr the fits d iv  i Vav ml i ne\t the ppi diem
pnynf «anntm* ami members ol the House ol Renrebtntuivci,
shall not exceed, at any session of Congiesstheieatiei, the sum
of four dollars poi day iftu the e\[ null i ol tivt. months
from the commencemout.of such bess on, a id tn it the mileajiL
of said Senators and memboia ptnll not e^eed nx doll irs lor
eveiy twenty miles ti ivt 1, in going to uud retm nuj, 1 om the
seat of the General Government ol inc limit d Si le —to h
computed on the most direct isual route travelled from the res,
Menee of said senators ¿nd mombusnspeuively I'totided,
That no Senator or Repiehentative shall reeenopei diem piy
for any day, or number of days, he is absent Irom the body to
which ho belongs, unless am h absence be on leave ofsaid body,
or occasioned by the sickness of himsJf oi family, and in the
two latter cases, he shall be lequired lo state in writing the
cause of his absence "
Mr. ARNOLD replied to ih° remarks of those
who had complained ot a desue on las part to pre-
cipitate action upon this bill. It seemed to him
that the measure was not so palatcble to man i
gentlemen now, as foimerly, when it was intro-
duced by him The opposition at ih s time eami"
wilh a bad grace ftom rainy gf mien -«, r-ie hem a
they would jet consent to mxn ht qac i,nn U¡hv,
and not refer the bi 1 to the Commit e of ill 
Whole, where the d'bute wcul I b" ftlci minióle.
Mr. BOWNE «ugue h i tint, uiiL s ¡lit b 11
should be sent to the Committee o> the Wl cre, v
could not be pet'ected. In Ihe lío ¡se, u i-o }
amendments might bcofimti, ard all cutoff I y
the previous question, wbica would bung fc
House to a unreel vote on tie engro&>ir'>r.i ot tie
bill.
Mr. ARNOLD s< H contended tnt it w u.d be
better to di cu^ the bill m t >e Hon e, tjan in Co-n-
mit'ee of the Wool  He wist ed the veas and
nays taken, in rtc'et to « p whi veie "¡aceie in
their course in relation to this bill.
Mr. PROFFIT though ihe gcn'lemtn was mis-
taken in imputing msiKcenty to ai / oi 'bo •> wl o
had voted for ¡he bill here 0*0 i>,  and slsi 11 ihe
tttjhatany one had accused him oí mancsnty.
^ would ask the gentietnan if he expected to get
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a vote upon the bill halt as quickly m the House,
as by referring it to the Committee ot the Whole.
In the Éouse, the motions in relation to it would
be interminable, the debate interminable, and the
ayes and noes interminable. Should the bill, how-
ever, be referred to the Committee of the Whole,
it would be m the power of the House, at any
time, to take it out, and come to a vote upon it.
Mr. CUSHINGr rose to a question of Older.
He contended that, according to the iules> of the
House, the bill must necessan'y go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole. He entered into an argument
to prove the just ce of his conclusion, and was
sustained by Mr. POPE.
The SPEAKER adhered to the decision hereto-
fore mad , that the bill might be acted on without
referring it to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EVERETT took an appeal from this de-
cision, which appeal was briefly debated by Messrs.
TiLLINGHAST and ARNOLD, until the ex-
piration of the morning hour; when Mr. PROFFIT
called for the order  of the day. By general con-
sent, the bill was referred to the Comm ttee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. B1RDSEYE made an advers" report—
name not h°ard
Mr. POPE made an effort to get up several bills
which had been reported, in relation to the Terri-
tories, and now on their third reading; but without
success.
The b.lt for the relief cf Samuel Patti^on, le-
ported from the Committee of the Wnole, without
amen Imen', was read a third time, and pushed
Also, a bill to confirm certain land claims in
the State of Lou.siana—ram'- not heard
A bill for ihe relief of the r ,iresentat¡ -es of Wm.
D. C'ieeveí, which had been reporto 1 rrom the
Co nmiitee of the Whole, viitu the understanding
th-st it would be opposeu in tna House, was taken
up on l's third reading.
Mr. C JOHNSON addressed the House at
length in opposition to the bill, rnd was sjectded
by Mr GÍDDINGS m Us favor.
Ml. COWEN offered an amendment, which was
agreed to; and the bul w¿o passed through its final
sutges.
J t A rest bill taken up and passed was "A bill
to re- ji-o to certain invalid and o her pensionéis
the amount orpens,oa by them relinquished "
A bill for the relief oí William Scott, of Beaver
county, Ptnnsylvanta, was taken up on trie ques-
tion oí engros.ment.
Mr MALLORY ooposed ihe bill. He *vd it
was a claim fur a pension by a man who, c g'uetn
je^rs ago, while dnvtng a wagon in a rrthtia
company, caught the rheumatism; and, if tbey
granted pensions in such cases, iney might pass
tanff bi'ls, to raise the necessary means, without
nuinber. He moved to lay the bill on the tabV,
and it was agreed to: the vote (taken by tel'ers)
being 77 in the affirmative, and 47 in tbe negative.
The next was a bill for th  rr lief of the < idow
and children of Benjamin W. Hop'iiis, decease!.
Mr. Hopkins, the deceased, many yrats a?o, con.-
tracted wit1! ihe Government to erect a fort at Mo-
fa 'e; and, m coirequ nce of some delry on the
part of the Government m appointing an agent to
(ix i'ie location, (or some other i ke pvrj ose ) it was
«ilc,ed that Hopkins sustained an mju-y to his jn-
le,<">••>, for which Ks widow pnd rnild en sought
to  erovr ro~ipersauon by the present c'aim.
Mi, MALLORY -aid " e clam bad no g-eater
meru than tbe one jus  laid on the ir ble, and he
n do a 1 ke rr    in n this case.
Explanations were made by M«sr^. GflD-
01NG«, TOVILINSON, ^AUM^NTSR, and
COW Ei<, ader-"bien, ihequtsuan was taken, and
the li)l " as rejee'ed.
1 ee bt i for the relief of Isaae Ju='if e was taken
up ai 1 d.scu-sed by Messrs. ARNOLD and MAL-
LORY.
Mr. MALLORY moved to hy it 01 tie HJe.
Rfjoeted—aye« 68, r"es 66, trie fcrvFAKLn. vo'wg in
th" negative.
BSr. ARNOLD having ca!l"d for the previous
quesiion oi thi engiossmem of the bnl, it wag
seconded by the House, and the main question or-
11                      11 'W*
dered. The mam question was then taken, and
resulted in ayes 54, noes 57—no quorum voting.
Mr. PROFFIT moved a call of the House, but
subsequently withdrew the motion
íhe question on tbe engrossment of the bill was
then taken by veas and nays, and lesulted—yeas
62, nays 66.   So the bill was rejected.
A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the pacsage of sundry bills by that body,
a"d their concurrence m tbe report of the commit-
tee of coherence opon the navy appropriation
bill.
Tbe bill for the relief of James Ntaiblett, re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole, wilh
a recommendation th?t it be rejected, was then
taken up.
Mr. EVERETT culled for the reading of tbe
report of the Commuue on Invalid Pensions;
which was read.
The bill was then, under the operation of the
previous question, rejected, by a vote ot 81 to 41.
CONFERENCE ON THE NAVY BILL.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee of Conference
on the part of the House of Representatives, made
a repoit reconciling tbe differences between the
two Houses upon the bill making appropriations
for tbe naval service.
The repoit was thea r^ad for information, (for a
copy of vt htch see ¿Lnate proceedings )
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON oojeeted to i" reeeption
at this t me.
Mr. \vISS moved a suspension of the rules for
that purpose
Mr SPRIGS moved that the House adjourn:
rejected.
The rules w re then suspended—ayrs 105, noes
not counted.
Mi. WISE said he hoped the report would be
concurred in He would des're to make an expla-
nation, but as tlnre vas a s'rong desire to have the
bill disposed cf, he called for the previous question.
Mr GIVE JOHNSON appep'cd to the gentle-
man fioni Virginia [Mr Wrsis] to withdraw his
motion, and let the House know what it was doing
m voting upon th¡« report. He hoped 'he House
would not oider the mam questioi io be put, until
•t understood toe nature oí the report made from
the conference committee.
The ptevi >us ques ion was then earned, and the
report of the conference commitiee concurred in
by the House—}eai 98, nays 28.
So the nai>y app-i opneiion b 11 only needs the lig'
nature of the P> es.deni to become u law.
CONTINGENT APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then took up trie bill legalizing and
making appropriations for such necessary objects
as have been usually included m the general ap-
propriation bills without auihon'y of law, and to
fix and provide for certain incidental expenses of
the deoanmems at'd offices of the Government, and
foi other puipos"s. This bdl passed through the
Committee cf the Who]eon Friday las', when Mr.
Gentpf monea p lecomm t'al, for the purpose of
making son.e ot'erv aiua theieon. He, however,
gave way, with the understanding that he should
have the fluor on tho qur stion of engrossment.
Mr GENTRY nc v p'oceeded to address the
House, a d c«.mpl?irit.d that the bill was not pie-
pa'cd in accordance ' nh the views of the House.
He lepta'edy gave v ay to mot'ons to adjourn;
but, on the yeas ?nd nays boing demanded, he pro-
ceeded. He ?id not c \j was theie no reduction
of , anes, bu ihe e vas ^n increase in the num-
ber cf clerks. Tnere were H was true, =orne
rsvin0s effet'ed, but t1 ey amou i'ed to but $9,000.
AOer speaking st me lime, he said he was speak-
ing 'or effect i, re, sua not ehe vhere; and as there
v.r " so fe^r 10 ln'en to him, he would move an
adjournment.
Mr. ARNO'D (who w, s (pmporan'y acting as
SpeaKe ) announced that the Hojse was adjourned,
and lef, the enair, without eking he question, and
while fir. J R. ItaERSOLL was demanding the
yeas and nays. [This singular dismissal of the
House crta ed roars or laughter.]
The House adjourned at a quarter past 3 o'clock,
