CONGRESSIONAL CHLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th €ong.........2d Sess.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 4, 1842.
Volume 11 .-No. 52
IN SENATE.
Monday August 1, 1842.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on F.nanee,
to which had been referred House bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the army, and the
military academy at West Point, for the year 1842,
as returned from the Hou-e with disagreeing
votes, reported the "¡ame back, wi'h a recommend-
ation that the Senate insist on all its amendments
to which the House had disagreed, and to agree
to the amendment made by the House to tt c 9th
amendment of the Senate. Mr E said bis pur-
pose was to have the vote taken on the proposi-
tions of the committee, with the view of suggest
wg that a committee of conference be appointed
to adjust the disagreeing votes
The item in the bill mak ng an appiopnalion to
defray the expenses of suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in Florida, was so amended by the Senate as
to make the appropriation cover arrearages. The
House amended this, by adding the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That no more than $146 296 73 shall be applied
to the payment of arrearages and no such airearagea shall be
paid, unless they are for services rendeied, or loi supplies fur
nished, in pursuance oflaw
The question was then taken on concurring
with the House m the above amendment, and it
was agreed to
The question was then taken on insisting on all
the other amendments of the Senate, and it wa3
carried in the affirmative.
Mr. EVANS then moved that a Committee of
Conference be appointed sn the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
Mr. PRESTON said it would be recollected that
a bill had passed the Senate, proposing to reor-
ganize and reduce the army The difficulty of
business in the House was such,that that bill had
not been reached He was dismclmed to ask a
confeience, until he saw what disposition the
House would make of that bil>, for such act on
might render the conference unnecessary. If a
conference were appointed before the Houoe ook
up and considered that bul, it might have tin. ef-
fect to indispose the House to act upon it His
impressions were, that the Hou^e misapprehended
the views of the Sena e, an i he believed, after it
had a proper undeistanding ot them, which would
be derived from the bill passed by the Senate i\-
luded to, it would wimdraw all objecuon to the
amendments upon which a con'erenet was suggest-
ed. He, therefore, moved to postpone the subject
of a conference til! to morrow
Mr. EVANS was not tenacious about the delay
proposed, but he was inclined to th nk  that the
Senate would have to resort to  a committee of
conference in the end,
Mr. PRE3TON thought not.
The question was then put on postponing the
question of conference till to morrow, and carried
10 the affirmative—ayes 21, noes not counted
NATURALIZATION L^WS
Mr WALKER, m pur u^nee of notice given
on Saturday, asked leave   o mtredjce  a Bill re-
ducía  from five to two ye-m th   tern of residence
required by law for trie  na*!,' ! zatioi Q# foreign-
ers.
Mr ARCHER wa- unu-r tood to s y that the
subject was one of too gr >. e a c laracter to go into
the dis'-uv on of, ?i it h el < f the s sio , aod,
believing thit the ra'nr?li7it.on laws were «uffi
cient for all present pu'poses, h" poped fre Senate
would resist he bill on the 'hr<-«ha1'i lie no/ed
to lay the motion lor le ive on th   ta n-,
Mr WALKER saii, if there tvps a"y contes
upon this biU, he woaH feel called upon to s y a
few words, ?nd to cal for t e > & and najs
Why shoul 1 it be thought so extr?o"din irv? 1 ask
only to revive the original ac , pass-ed by the first
Congress, under tne administrat on of General
Washington—an act parsed by the fifndcrs ot ib 
Government, and sanct oned by Washington him-
self, the Father ot his Country    Is it extrajrdmary
thai I should ask to revive such an act, and passed
under sucn eircums'ancesJ   It was more extraor-
dinary that the Senator from Virginia [Mr Arch-
er] should feel himself called upon to resist leave
to introduce a bill to re-enact a law which received
such high sanction—'he great Washington, and the
framers of the Constitution    It is true, the time
for the naturalization of foreigners was afterwards
very much elongated by the celebrated alien law
It was extended by that law to the period of four-
teen years, and wps afterwards reduced, step by
step, by various enactments, until it was brought
down to five years    I am for coming back to the
period assigned by the first law.   And why should
we not?   The number of aliens in this country, ac-
cording to the census returns of 1830, was, at that
time, 107,832.   There was no call for a return of
the number ot aliens in the census of 1840, but if
the number has  increased in  proportion  to the
tables of emigration, theie will be 283,543.   Now, I
entirely object to having  so large a numbtr of
aliens amongU the population of this country—par-
ticularly as. 1 do not believe they desire to be aliens.
They came here with ths bona fide intention of be-
coming ci izens—of making   ihis   their   adopted
country, in war and peace    The most, if not all
of them, came here wiih the intention ot entering
upon and animating our «oil, and developing the
resources of  thp country,  with  the i-tention  of
making for themselves and families a permanent
home, of amalgamating their interests with our in-
terests, and of defending and sustaining our free
institutions    Wh>, then, should th/>y be debarred
the rights of citizenship?   My attention was fi'st
brought to this matter bv the debate which grew
out of the MeLeod case.   In proportion as you
increase the number of aliens, you increase the ju
risdiction of your Federal courts    Those courts
have jurisdiction m all cases in which an alien is
a party, and with a vast emigration, such as we
now have flowing into this country, the business of
the Supreme Court of the TJnt sd States will neces-
sanlv be prodigiously increased.
We find already that so great is the augmenta-
tion of business in that court, that they were un
able, at its Ins nttirg, to dispose of one lnlf of the
bJ-dr-ess Vfhen I look at what took place this
very scs ion in relalion to cases in which aliens
are pa  lies I ?m really alarmed at this enormous
stretch rfF Jeral power, and that very circum-
stance ieno.ro more apparent, to my mind, the ne-
cessity for diminishing the number ot those indi-
viduals, m re pect of whom the jurisdiction of the
Tederal courts can be applied
But thete are other rea ons, which I might state
more at length, had I anticipated the possibility of
any suco objection as has been ofiered by the Sen-
ator from Vuginia to the mtroducnor of this bill
But I will content myself, for the present, with
those I have adverted to, because I do not appre-
hend that tne S-na e will take .he unusual course
of rejecting a bi I at the moment of its introduction,
or, rather, not pe-mit i's mtrouuction at all Every
steamboat that goes to the West is crowded with
eis'gran't-, who £0 there for ¡he purpose of pur-
phasnglinds, and of pi on; their tarnih-i there
Tne exuus on of these pecp'e from cinzenship has
been so soyet y felt, mat two of the Wes'ern
States have given diem the right to vo'e This is
an anomalous s'a e of things, and it has been
brought abo it by c'wg rg the siate of the law
f'oni two to hi" ye r Ihere. is no reason shy
they may not bee me citizens at the end of two
year , as h ell as at ti e end oc five
The founder"- ard the fiamers of the Govern-
ment a d the Co lstitulion ot the eoaitrj thcught
v lih me, net I am aesirous of resionng toa' stat 
of the la* which was established by them. Eu
th°te la -mother cons deration which makes it at
sirabie that such a bid as this shou d be passed,
and that is, in case of war you sould have 300,000
aliens w.thin the limits of your territory, and most
of them residing along your Western frontier, who,
if not naturalized, will undoubtedly be claimed by
some foreign power. In esse of war, it would be
particularly proper that their number should He
diminished, and this will be accomplished by the
measure which I now propose
I am rejoiced to see the immense numbers of
foreigners that are landing upon the shores of our
happy soil. I hold out to them the hand of Wel-
come Do we not see the efforts that are being
made to divert emigration from this country .o the
British Provinces and to Austral a? They are told
that, by going to a British colony, they will at
once be entitled to the privilege of citizenship;
whereas, if they come hers, they are subjected to a
deprivation of those privileges for a period of five
years. I wish to see them come, and become citi-
zens; and populate our fertile and extensive re-
gions in the West, that our institutions may be
carried to the very shores of ¡he Pacific.
Mr. ARCHER desired the honorable gentleman
to be assured that, m making the resistance Jie
bad to the introduction ef this bill, he designed no
personal disrespect to him. He desired the gentle-
man to be assured furthermore, that while hem-
tended no disrespect towards him, by resistios, at
this early stage, the introduction of the bill, he
was totally averse to the admission of foreigners,
upon other terms than now existed, to a participa-
uon in the rights and privileges of c tizenship.
The reason which existed at the time of the for-
ma'ion of the Government for limiting the period
of exclusion to two years only, did not apply in
the present s'ate of the country The argument
of the honorable gentleman in relation to the law
which was passed at that period by our ancestor*!,
was disproved by himself for, according to his
own ^h iwing, they very soon departed from it,
and filed fourteen years as the period of residence
required before a foreigner could be naturalized,
bu' finding that was too lorg, they came back to
the intermediate term of five years, which he (Mr.
A ) considered the proper, just, and reasonable time.
The honorable gentleman had railed against his
opposition to the introduction of this bill, a° if he
was desirous of repelling foreigners. He (Mr A.)
certainly did not desire that, upon their arrival m
this country, they should at once te entitled to all
the privileges of citizens; but he would not prevent
them from acquiring property, and preparing
themselves for the enjoyment of thore political
rights and privileges woich belong to the cit zens
of this country He did not believe that any good
man ever entirely renounced his attachment to the
soil upon which he was born Would it, then,
be proper, m any sense, to admit at once a large
class of persons, having fore.gn attachments and
feelings adverse to our<? He repudiated such a
doctrine altogether, and for the purpose (if the
honorable gentleman would allow him to say it
without offence) of stigmatising the proposition by
its immediate rejection, moved that the honorable
gentleman's proposition for leave be laid upon
the table
Mr. WALKER demanded ths yeas and nays on
the motion, which were ordered
Mr KING remarked that, in givirg a vote
agfinst the motion, he did it wiihout reference to
the merits of the bill. Courtesy alone, without le-
gard to the principle of the bill, might dictate sach
a course.
The question was then pu', and leave to intro-
duce the bill was refused by yea* 21, nay < IS, as
follows
\ TAS—Me^sr-. Aicher, Barrow, Bates Bayird, Berrien,
Claytoi Conrad, Calls, Dayton Bvam Graham Hunti ifrton,
Miller Morehead, Phelps Pieston, Simmons (south oflndiana,
bin™ White,andWoodbrtdge—2t
NaYs>—Mes-rs Allen, Benton Buchanan OuUioeil I Hon,
kerr Kins Linn McRoberw M-nsum "vnHt of Connec icut
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walter, Wilcox, Williams Woodbury,at d
\oans—1 
THE PATENT OFFICE BUILDING
Mr. KERR, from the Committee oi Patents and
the Patent Office, reported back, with amende >- -,
