aw***
the bill to extnd the patent Office one hundred
feet en 7th ano 9.h streets, to be contracted out of
the money derivedyfo the treasury from patents.
Toe amendments tpre ordered to be printed.
\ THE FLORIDA OCCUPATION BILL.
\ The Senate t<j6k up the bul to provide for the
¿rmed settlement of a portion of the peninsula of
Blonda, whien had been returned from the House
\«th an enpre substitute for the bill. The ques-
tion bemej&i concurring in the substitute,
Mr. JJENTON said, since the bill was up for
«onsWeTation on Saturday last, he had been pos-
sessed of stronger reasons fot its passage than were
presented at that time. He read a communication
from Fiorida, showing that there was as much dan-
ger to the inhabitants there, as there wai at any
time during the war—that depredations had been
recently committed ty the Indians—that they had
committed cruel barbarities on defenceless women
and children, and had cairied off some two hun-
dred cattle. The communication represented that
several encampments had been traced, and that the
number of Indians there largely exceeded the esti-
mates recently formed. Mr. B., without going into
the details of the bill, considered that there were
urgent reasons ibr its passage.
Mr. WHITE said he had not been able to see a
printed copy of the bill, as it was amended by the
House, as he had intimated a wish on Saturday.
He would not attempt to arraign the Senate, if it
was determined to adopt the agrarian policy of this
"¡bill; but he could not refrain from expressing his
objections to it.
The bill, he said, made a gratuitous donation of
«ne quarter section of land to those who would
settle and cccupy the same for five successive
years—there being no conditions, except a settle-
ment, and the erection of a cabin, and the cultiva-
tion of five acres of the land settled upon; and also
gave the right of inheritance to the settler's family,
even should he die before the fulfilment of the
whole conditions. This, lie said, was the kind of
agrarian policy which held out a bounty to settle-
ment, and not for military service in defence of the
inhabitants of Florida. To be sure, the Houss
amendment lessened one of the evils of (he bill as
it passed the Senate—it limited to 200,000 acres
the quantity of ¡and to be appropriated to the pur- 1
pose; but, by the Senate bill, the quantity was il-
limitable. The bill was to continue in operation
for five years; during which time—.such were its
provisions—that all the titles of sellers would be
in a state of litigation, so that hereafter there would
be no end to applications for the passage of relief
Jaws, defining the boundaries of land, and legal-
izing titles.
It would be found the cause of an immense mass
of legislation to relieve settlers who might fail to
perform all the conditions of the ¡aw within five
years. The bill, he maintained, contravened the
settled policy of the Government in other particu-
lars. It allowed the settlements to be made in ad-
vance of the public surveys; which was in opposi-
tion to the piesent policy of the Government. It
introduced another principle totally at war with
the policy of the present pre emption law—that is,
authorizing a float. If such was (o be the action
of the Senate, they might as well give up all the
public land in Florida as lost. He was willing to
vote for any system founded on humanity and jus-
tice, and stable in it* operauons, that would con-
tribute to the speedy settlement of the lands in Ihe
vicinity of the Indians. He did not think this
bill was such a system; but, instead of being just
and stable, it would give rise to a brood of young
equities—young alien equities—that could never
become naturalized and matu.ed cases of justice.
Thai wou/d be the consequence of the passage of
the bill, and for no great end or obj-ct. The bill,
as it went from the Senate, was a case of military
inducement, embracing the object of settlement;
but now it was entirely changed—ihe settler was
jiot required to bear arms, and fortify himself in
blockhouses, and protect his neighbor. His prin-
cipal objections to th« bill were, that a great many
troublesome and unfortunate claims wouid arise,
§&i that the policy of it would be an interminable
•tevolving policy, instead of a settled and durable
fi&. He did not believe that there would be fewer J
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cases of Indian depredations under this bill than at
the present time. He was opposed to ihe bill on
motives of humanity; but would be in favor of
a bill establishing a comprehensive and humane
policy. He concluded by demanding the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BENTON, in reply to some iemarks of the
Senator from Indiana, showed that the details of
the bill, defining the lines between which the settle-
ments are permitted, were correct.
Mr. LINN contended that the Government had
acted heretofore upon the principle of making do-
nations of land as an inducement to settlement.
It was that policy which had contributed to secure
the rapid settlement and sale of the public domain.
It was a policy which had caused no actual loss to
the Government. Mr. L. said he had incorporated
that very principle in his Oregon bill; and he sin-
cerely hoped that the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
White] would not oppose that bill, for it proceed-
ed on a settlement by donations of land. He
hoped the past policy of the Government would
not be disregarded by him when that bill, in
which the West was so much interested, came up
for consideration. Mr. L., after speaking of the
effectiveness of the bill as it passed the Senate,
and the substitute by the House, (which would
answer the object, though it was not so good
as the other,) alluded to the policy the Gov-
ernment had uniformly pursued, of granting
bounty in land to the soldiers who defended the
country during ihe last war. This was the same
in principle. The settlers would go there under the
inducement held out by the bill—a bounty in land
—and fight for the soil, and save the blood of regu-
lar military forces, which had been wiihdtawn
from tne contest for the present. These men would
fight for their land, and would love it the more be-
cause ihey had to fight for it. Mr. L., after enter-
ing into a graphic description of the character, en-
ergy, and boldness of the men who would be induced
to go into Fiorida under this bill, showed that they
would make a most effective force to grapple with
the Indian, knife in hand, and drive him from his
fastnesses. He argued that the Government would
either have to do one thing or the other—to hold out
an inducement for necessitous, enterprising, and
bold men to go to Florida, and save the defenceless
women and children from the knife of Ihe savage; J
or speedily enlist another body of men, and give
them this very bounty, and pay them from the
treasury a heavy sum of money, to fight until the
last Indian wa« driven from the Territory. It was
a perfect folly and fallacy to suppose that an en-
emy as scattered as these Indians were—strung
out here, and ihere, and everywhere, in small par-
ties—could be operated against by a regular mili-
tary force. You never could breóme successful
there, until you could select a body of men that
would follow them in their hammocks, hunt them
up, and fight them in their own manner. As the
Indians were now scattered, it would keep 10,000
regular men operating at all points, to be of any
service. Mr. L., ader dwelling at some length on
the Indian mode of warfare, and replying to the
objections of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
White] to the float allowed in the bill—which he
maintained was no more liable to abuse than any
other system of human law—said, if ihe bill would
encourage mea to go to Florida, and conquer and
desiroy these Indians, he would vote for it with
pleasure.
Mr. PRESTON followed in support of the bill.
He said ¡hat, when the bill for the same object was
introduced by Ihe Senator from Misiouri [Mr.
Bentodt] two years ago, he did not concur wiih
that Senator that the policy was a correct one. He
then believed that, to close the war, and put a stop
to the savage murders (hat daily occurred, it re-
quired more active and effective measures. There
was a different slate of things at the present lime.
The enemy were scattered into small bands of
marauding Indians; and Ihe President, the officers
who operated in Fiorida, and all who have a
knowledge of the country, concur that the only
way to elose the war is by a military settlement.
A very effective bill was reported by Ihe Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] for that purpose,
which passed the Senate.    But the military aspect
of that bill has been changed entirely by the House
—the arms to settlers, and the rations, are withheld by
the substitute. But such was the state of things in
Florida, that the bill should be passed in some
form. There were so few Indians left, that they
were not subjects of military operation. They
were to be watched and guarded against only. The
country must become depopulated, unless there
were some security for the inhabitants. No man
of property would go there to risk his life, so haz-
ardous was it to do so. This bill was therefore to
encourage poor and destitute, but vigorous, energetic,
and hardy men, who were filled with enterprise, to go
there and grapple with the Indian, and root him out
for the sake of the bounty. Men of venturous
disposition, filled with enterprise generated by
leading the fiercest life on the borders, who were
fond of hunting, would resort there, as to a new
field of enterprise. This, combined with the pre-
dominant disposition of such men to get lands,
would secure the speedy termination of the state of
things which now existed in Florida. These men
would go there with their knives, and a willingness
to fight for their lands—and Ihey would have the
lands. Mr. P., after dwelling at some length on
ths practicability of the measure, showed what
advantage would accrue to the Government by giv-
ing this bounty of 200,000 acres of land is such as
were willing to settle there, and defend them-
selves against the Indians. He maintained
that, for every acre the Government thus dis-
posed of, would she secure the sale of ten
acres, and insure the speedy settlement of an indus-
trious and enterprising popularon. He knew of
no belter plan to secure the sale of the public
lands in that Terriiory. There were a great many
people in the South waiting to settle there, but were
afiaid *o do so under the present slate of things; but
the instant a hardy population was interposed be-
tween them and the Indians, Ihey would move
there with tbeii families and with their slaves, and
settle and cultivate the soil. He was induced to
acquiesce in the bill, (though it did not meet his
full approbation,) from the necessity of speedy ac-
tion, and from the circumstance of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] having yielded to it
his consent.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said, so far as the bill con-
templated a donation of land asan inducement for
the settlement of Florida, it met his hearty con-
currence. So far as that went, ü established no
new principle. On a similar principle, 100.000
acres of land were given to secure a settlement at
the junction of the Ohio, as early as 1787 or 1788—
the Government then having to contend with just
as savage an enemy as the Indians of Florida. But
he objected to this bill, because he believed its pro-
visions wouid create a great deal of litigation, by
putting the settlers in advance of the surveys. If
it was necessary to have the hardy population in-
vited there, let the lands be surveyed m advance of
their settlement. Another objection was, that the
school-lands were liable to be taken; and thus
would one of the greatest inducements lo settlement
be takin away from those who. were to follow the
pioneeiB. The facility which was afforded for the
edueaiion of children of settlers, was a great in-
ducement for the emigaiion lo the new countries.
He vas opposed to innovating on that system.
The bill was wrong in principle, and there was
not >.,fiicient motive for its passage.
The jeas snd nay;, were then ordered on the
qut-siioii of concurring in ihe amendment of the
tious.', and the question being put, it was carried in
the affirmative—yeas 34, nays 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barrow, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan,
CJhoun, Conrad, Cuihbert, Fulton, Graham, King, Linn,
Meltoberts, Mangum, Preston, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Stm«eon, Tappa'n, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wnght, and
Young—24.
NAYS—Aíessis. Bates, Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Evans, Hunt-
¡niton, Miller, Moiehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, ¡«mitn. of
Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbndge—16.
So the bill was finally passed, and only awaits
the signature of ihe President to become a law.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of William B.
McMurtrie; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
