820                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■It        V        ' ' Mu"  '                     "                  '        ,
in the world which had paid off a large national
debt—to bold the preservation of her national faith
of far greater consequence than the relinquishment
ot a pitiful sum derived from ihe public lands?
That was the question.
Again- he would s y a «ingle word on the sub-
ject of domestic manufactures He was in favor,
met decidedly, of affording them incidental protec-
tion to the full amount, and no more, which would
enable them to stand a fair competition with simi-
lar establishments in Europe. The manufacturing
es ablisbments in this country, erected at vast ex-
pense, affording employment to a great number of
individuals, ought not to be suffered to go down
Every one must perceive that the increased de-
mand, consequent upon such a procedure, would
materially enhance the price of the goods, and
■would be as injurious to the consumer as to the
manufacturer.
Iu regard to the article ot iron, (he would take
that article for example,) the act of 1816 imposed
a higher duty upon iron in a crude or unmanufac-
tured state. That act was passed, he believed,
with the approbation of nib friend from Son h
Carolina It was now proposed by this bill to lay
a duty of $30 a ton on rolled iron The conse-
quence oí this protection had been to make them
independent, m war or peace, of all other nations
because they now imported only ihe twenty-fifth
part of what they use. And yet, upon hammered
iron they raised a revenue of #2 000,000 per annum
Thus, while affording incidental protection to the
great interests of the country, they derived a large
revenue from it for the support of the Government
He (Mr B ) was anxious to vote for this bill,
with some modifications In some particulars, he
thought it was somewhat extravagant He de-
sired to modify it in such a manner as would pro-
duce the greatest good to the whole country. And
in cases of this kind, where hundreds of thousands
of people depend for their livelihood upon these
manufacturing establishments, where plenty and
prosperity will result from this incidental protec
lion,—ought Senators to hesitate for a moment?
Ought they not, if there be any cause to apprehend
a conflict, abandon this rriserable land fund? But
enough of this. He had said more than he origi-
nally intended upon this subject. He would vote
to strike out this section from the bi'l, because, in
his opinion, the interest of our domestic manufac-
tures essentially required it And why? Compe-
tition would finally produce its effect Tne labor
and the skill of the people of this couniry would
eventually drive the foreign fabric out ot the mar-
ket. Give ns a sound, redeemable currency, and
let the skill and industry of the American manu-
facturer come into fair competition with those of
foreigners,—and, my Ufe for it, sooner or later, that
competition will be successful.
The return of the land fund, however, was ab-
solutely requisite, m order to prevent a resort to di-
rect taxation.    The time would come—and he
would undertake to say it  was not far distant__
when they would not be able to raise from imports
all that was desired,—at least, upen articles that
did not receive incidental protection. And then
what would be the condition of the manufacturer?
When that time came, ihe contest would be between
incidental pro ection and direct taxation The hour
would then arrive when the manufactures of the
couniry must be prostrated, because, he would un-
dertake to say, the tfea of direct taxation could
never be realized in practice in t'i s country. The
people of this country would never submit to the
visits of the exciseman, sent to inquire into their
private affairs, in order to raise taxes to support
the Government, in a time of profound peace
The time had been, he knew, when the manu-
facturers desired the distribution of the land fund
for the express purpose of compelling the Govern
ment to raise more revenue, that there might b'
more protection That desire might exist wi h
some of them, for aught hi  knew, at present, but
the period when such a desire was general had
passed away, and a new era was approaching
The land fund was a secure fund in peace and in
war; at any time, and under all circumstances,
ifoey «oald borrow, if necessary, $50,000,060 upon
$* pledge of the public lands, in order to meet any
sudden eme%;ency And why, then, should the
manufacturing interest, and those Senators who
were mteiested in their favor, cling with the grasp
of death to the distribution?
There was one other point of view in which he
would present the subject, and he would then close
his remarks The bill proposed to raise between
twenty-six and twenty-seven mill'ons of dollars—
between twenty-two and twenty-three of which
was supposed to be necessary tor the current ex-
penses of the Government, th  remainder to be ap-
plied to the extinguishment of the existing national
debt.
He trusted he had never attempted to play the
demagogue on that floor; nor could he, he trusted,
by any possibility, be brought to do so now. He
would say this, however if you restore the land
fund, you may take the tax off tea and coffee,
whereas, if the land fund continues to go to the
States, you must impose a tax upon tea and cof-
fee The inference was irresistible—one or the
other must be rfone He (Mr. Buchanan,) had
procured a return, last fall, of the tea and cof-
fee imported during the year 1840 It amounted to
|11,675 369 worth In the year 1839, it was
§10,788,509. It was fair to infer, then, that the
tax upon tea and coffee would amount to two mil-
lions, and a quarter of dollars The land fund, if
we should be prosperous, a year or two hence, it
was supposed would amount to about three rail-
lioni Now, (continued Mr. B.,) if you will with-
hold the land fund from the States, we will take off
this tax of two millions and a quarter from the
people of this country, and the question mu=t in-
evitably be decided bptween the one alternative
and the other Strike out the Iwentv-seventh sec-
lion of this bill, and I shall immediately move to
make tea and coffee free articles
Let us examine the matter for a single moment
Though not an old nan, I can remember the lime
when those were cons dered articles of luxury.
But now then u*e is universal, every man, woman,
and child uses them the poorest man in the coun-
try uses as much as the rich—ay, more, perhaps
for, being deprived of luxuries more expensive, he
indulges the more in those wi hin his reach. Theve
is no article that you can conceive of, except bread,
the tax upon which will operate so much like a
p >'l tax, as ihe articles of tea and coffee The cot-
tager in Indian* uses as much coffee a> John Jacob
Astor, the i-hest capitalist in America, and con-
sequentlv _ ays as much duty upon that article a3
is paid j the wealthiest, and, therefore, I say that
tax is ore like a poll-t?x than any Other Well,
now i this tax could be íestored—(and let me be
ur i r tood on this, as„well as aU other subjee s I
call it a lax, because we cannot pro luce this article,
or anything similar to ii, if we could, I admit the ef-
fect would be, as in all cases, to reduce the price,)—
wecarrao', by any protection, make the article one
of home production. And what is the effectoí ti s?
The land fund gjes to the S ates in their sov-
ereign capacity, to relieve the capitalist from taxa-
tion, to relieve the property-holders from direct
taxation, for the support of trie State Government
And to enable you to make this distribution, you
levy a poll-tax upon the whole country As regards
the article of sugar, the case is different. It is as
mucha necessary of hie as tea or coffee, but we
have a large interest in us manufacture in Louis-
iana—an interest which I would never abandon,
because it is connected with agriculture We
must, however, levy a duty on sugar, or else we
mus1 destroy its culture But there is no such reason
for laying a duty upon tea and afile, the e is no
rea«on that can be imagined, wh eh <s not in favor
of relieving tea and coffee from taction, provided
we can do it, and ¡''.it the mtriests of the countrv
be not h?zarded by a deficiency of revenue I
would do it, with ut a moment's hesitation But if
you retain the la> d fund for the benefit of the
States, it will bs imposoibie for you to remove this
burden from the peop'e.
Under these circumstances, I appeal to gentlemen
to relinquish that fund, it may not be necessary to
do so for any great length of time Let gentlemen
wait for a short time, and they may afterwards
take the land fund, after having relieved the coun-
try from its embarrassed and impoverished condi-
tion
In making these remarks, Mr. B. said he had
had no purpose to excite party-feeling. There was
no man in the country more desirous of adopting
a tariff bill than he was; and he did sincerely
hope that this exceptionable clause would be strick-
en out. He earnestly appealed to Senators to
withdraw it, and to go on and perfeet the bill, and
let it become a law, and let us go home, after a ses-
sion of nearly 12 months, without further delay. He
sincerely hoped his friends on the Whig side of the
House would consent to strike out the clause, and,
with a few other modifications, send the bill, with-
out delay, to the President for his sanction.
Mr CRITTENDEN observed that he was sure
the Senator from Pennsylvania had not been in-
fluenced by any demogoguical motive te allude to
the taxation of tea and coffee He supposed he
had taken these articles for illustration, and was
persuaded, if they were not proposed to be taxed
in this bill, the Senator would find other articles
to be taxed for his illustrations; and could thus go
through them all, till nothing was left for revenue.
Such would be the effect of pursuing this line of
argument It might be said of any articles of
general consumption as well as tea and coffee—
give up distribution, and to that extent you save
the necessity of taxing articles of consumption.
But what, in reality, does this argumen
amount to? The Senator's own statement shows
that the land fund to be distributed for the past
half year does not amount to half a million, and
for the present half year it will probably be no
more- so tsat, at the end of the year, there will be
one million oí dollars from public lands to stop the
necessity for taxing tea and coffee, or, in other
word , one million is to stand in place of two and
a half millions. Here would be a deficiency of one
or two millions and rn what substitute was this
deficiency to be placed1 What articles of general
consumption could be more appropriately taxed
than tea and coffee? He knew oí none. Was not
the Senator mistaken in suppemg the poorest la-
borer in Indiana or Pennsylvania was l'kely to
consume as much tea and coffee as John Jacob
Astoi? It was not necessary to go into elaborate
argument to show that he was.
But even if it was true that tae poorest man
consumed as much as the richest, was it true that
the consumer pays the duty in the retail price? It
is not true that the consumer pays, in the price at
which he buys such articles, tne accumulation of
both duty and price, for he denied that a duty of
20 per cent would make any perceptible increase
of price And supposing it did raue the pnce one-
founh If the poor man consumes five cups of
tea or coffee, and can only afford to buy four cups
when the duty is laid on, it is but a small sacri-
fice to gire up the comfort of his fifth cup for the
benefit of the country. If he knows that the exi-
gencies of the Government are such as to require
this sacrifice, he will not hesitate to make it There
i  t o much patriotism in the country to doubt it.
AnJ when the question is put to him whether he
wi 1 «unender his hfth cup, in order to enable this
great measure of distribution to go on, he will give
his answer at once, that he is ready to make the
sacrifice. He can as well, on a great occasion
like this, as nis ancestors, fling whole cargoes of
t°-> mio the ocean, when principles of right are at
issue Such men are not to be tempted to part with
th ir birthrights for a mere mess of pittage They
pre not to be ^educed into the abandonment of any
grct principle or right, by such a paltry seduction
¿   afiflhcipof tea c '•(¡See
Th? Stridtor asks, will tbit petty, paltry land
fuir1 be held on to, in the fac° cf the Executive ve-
to? The Senator asks, will it not, for the sake of
re'ievmg the Government and the coun'ry, re giv-
en iip at once? He (Mr C ) wcii d answer—no, not
now. [Mr Buchanan observed from his seat, "Not
now1) I am glad to bear that."] No, s r, t ot now,
for at this moment it is a question of ihe independ-
ence of Congress. The right of saying how much,
and m what way, taxes shill be raised, belongs to
the representative body, and it is not for the Ex-
ecutive to dicta'e ihe amount or the manner of
raising it to the Representatives of the people.
