CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
Even the Representatives of the States are inhibit-
ed from this initiatory dictation, for no revenue
bill can constitutionally originate in this body
If the Senator contends that this bill ought to be
fashioned exactly to meet the Executive wishes ex-
pressed in his veto of the little tariff bill, it amounts
to this thai the object of legislation is to look to—
is to conform to Executive dictation, to secure his
sanction of legislative action.
If thi  land fund is as paltry as the Senator says
it is, why does he hold on to it so tenaciously for
revenue, when, in doing so, he endangers the re
sources of the treasury, the honor of the country,
and the credit and stability of the Government'?
He asks why do the friend  of distribution hold on
to it. they ask him, in their turn, why does he,
and why Co his friends, hang on to it with such
despera e tenacity' As it is sucha "petty, paltry
fund," is it worih the while to disappout the hopes
and expectation  of so large a majority of the
States and the people, who look to it not so much
for the amount, as for the establishment of a great
principle for which they have so long contended?
But the true question at issue was, whether the
right of taxation should remain with the repre
sentative body, or be en irely controlled by the
Executive It was a question between national
legislative will, and the will of one man
If the Senator is so averse to the defeat of this
great measure of revenue, to redound so much to
the honor and credit of the Government, and to af-
fect so beneficially the industry and prosperity of
the country, why does he hold on so tenaciously to
this "petty fund," and take up the Executive veto
on the little tariff bill, to incite and invite the de-
feat of this measure also?
Why does he not join with the friends of the
measure, in saying to he President, This bill is the
deliberate and solemn result of the mature consid-
eration of the representative body, to whom be
longs the right of providing revenue. It has re-
ceived the sanction of the representatives of the
States? It is the expression oí the will of both the
people and the States If the Senator was ready
to do this, there need be no apprehension of an
Executive veto.
He would say to his friends that their duty to
the country, and their duty to their constituents,
demanded of them to hold fast to the measure of
distribution It was a question which they could
not now, in honor or in duty, yield up, without
being obnoxious to the condemnation of the whole
world for having submitted and crouched to Ex
ecutive dictation
If their labors for the benefit of the country ate
to be frus'iate 1—if they are to be again thwarled
and defeated, they will, at least, have tut cmso-
lation of satisfying the country that they march on
straightforward in the maintenance of th ir own
rights and those of their constituents, instead of
cringing under the lash of any Executive author-
ity, and being turned aside from the straight path
of duty by the dread of one man's power Never,
till bw country demanded the sacrifice, would he
consent to abandon this measure of distribution
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had a few words to
say, gravely and sincerely, in reply to the remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky He would not oh
ject to a lax upon tea and coffee, if such were
snown to be necessary to the welfare of the coun-
try and the preservation of the national faith.
When, however, such a necessuy did not exist,
they were the last articles of all on which he would
lay a tax. The Senator from Kentucky [Mr
Crittenden] had s>?id that, let the land fund be
res ored to the treaaun, still there would be a defi-
ciency is the revenue, and a necessity for laying a
tax upon these essentials ot life Not «o He
admitted that, durn g the present year, and during
the present Administration, the proceeds of the
sal"s of the pub ic lands had fallen far below the
esttma'ed revenue to be derived from a tax on tea
and coffee Why? Because, for some cause un-
known to him, the public lands had not been ad
vertised for sale There were large numbers of
person  in ihe West, who ths money to buy the
public lands in their peckus, who had no opportu-
nity afforded them of bidding for them He (Mr.
B ) bel eved that, during the coming year, the pro-
ceeds of the public lands would amount to more
than three millions of dollars Thus the two and a
quarter millions estimated as th* revenue to be de-
rived from a lax on tea ai d coffee, would be more
than equalled by the land fund He believed that
revenue enough would be afforded by striking out
those ai tides, and ptacins them on the free list.
The Senator from K"n ucky had asked whether
the patriot would not consent lo give up one out
of his five cups of tea or coffee? Certainly. But
if such a step be not for the good of the country—
if there be no necessity for making ihe sacrifice,
why depuve him of his fifth cup? He might say
he cared not for the men, but it was an exceedingly
nard case for the ladies—the old women who sip
their tea wnh so much zest—to be deprived of this
additional cjp.
Mr CRITTENDEN Let the men give up
tneir share    Let the old bachelors have none
Mr BUCHANAN said he would willingly sur-
render his But (he continued) the Senator from
Kentucky put his opposition to the motion to
strike out the section upon anoiher ground, and
asked, why not sacrifice the fifth cup, in order to
obtain the great inheritance of the public domain?
True, this was a great and magnificent inheritance,
and though the Senator might be anxious to give
it up, he could not be more sincere in his convic
tion oí the justice of that opinion, than he (Mr B )
was of the destructive policy of making the sur-
render What would be our position in case of a
war? All duties would cease, our commerce wculd
be shackled, and driven from the ocean, and the sev-
eral States be taxing their citizens to the extent which
they could beai Where would be our reson?
He knew it had been said that distribution was to
cease in time of war, but what was to become of
Ihe debt which would then have to be contracted,
and would fol ow the wai? Whilst this land fund
is preoerveJ, we can at any lime rai^e fifty mil
lions of do lars on the iaith of its pledge In the
hour of danfer, wh°n no duties can be collected,
tae public domain comes in full play to relieve the
country He believed it would be destructive
policy to surrender it
But the Senator had asked why we did not take
our own advice—surrendei our opposition lo the
distribution clause, and support this bill? Was it
necessary that he should answer this question?
Was he bound to take a cup with poison in it, be-
cause the remaining pari happened tobe filed v ith
heal hful bev rage? Why not st-paraie the two
measures? Why does tje honorable ¡senator in-
sist upon presenting b >th at the same time, and in
connexion with each othei? Why ("id be ask Sen-
ators to vole for a law, part of which tl ey believed
to be unconstitutional' He (Mr B ) had decla ed
more than once that he did not believe the power
to distribute the public lands to be wanting, but he
was as much opposed to the measure as it it were
palpably unconstitutional
He would ask the Sena or from Kentucky one
question. Suppose there be two great goods—one
attainable, and the other not attainable, if the
tariff be a good, and the d «tribuuon a good, is it
the part oí a wise man to refusi one, because he can-
not get both' Would noi tap course oí wi^cK m be
to '«Kb one, and let thi otnei tome when it could?
Two great £oods are preened to a wi e man un-
doubtedly u should be Ins policy to take that which
he can gei, rather than incut tae lobs of boih
But i here w a on  remark of the Senator with
which he was much pleased, and which induced
him to hope that, wha evei 'he late if th s bill, we
should hav a proper revenue bill before Ihe closf
of the session Ihe Senator liad said he would
not yield bio position now, ro, not now From
this, he wis nduced to believe tna>, though the
Senatoi would not g ve up the distribution policy
now, he wculd nnaliy He believed the Senator
would ultimately make whatever sacrifices were con-
sistent with tionoi, lor the purpo e of serving hi 
country Tie senator had certainly lett himself
latitude eii u/h t u so, in his declarations to day,
and he (Mr B ) did not douot but that, when he
found his favorite object unattainable, rather than
sacnii t'er venu s of the Government, and the
prote tionpoi dea  n this measure, he would yield,
and take the bill as it stood, without the distnbuuoa
feature
Mr CONRAD responded fully and unequivo-
cally to the decision of the Chair as to the rule to
be observed in raference to the introduction of the
Executive opinions in debate It waa with some
diffidence he differed from the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Graham] as to the propriety of
abolishing this rule, for the sake of that freedom
and latitude of deba e which would result from it.
He thought the tendency of the Executive power
had been, from the beginning of the Government,
too strongly towards accumulation; and be was,
therefore, not disposed to open the doors to that in-
fluence which might be felt in legislation by aban-
doning this rule.
As to the veto message on the little tariff bill, so
often alluded to, be had examined it carefully, bat
found the Executive sentiments so wound up m
oracular obscurity, that he could hardly tell what
were his grounds of objection.
Alter iome further remarks in reference to ther
veto, Mr C a^ked the Senator from Pennsylvania,
if he had ever calculated the amount of pon-tax
(as he called it) that the duty on tea and coffee
would inflict on individual consumer  of tho e arti-
cles? If he had not, be could Isll ihe Senator.
The duty to each consumer would be 4 cents and
9 mills on tea, and 8 cents and 9 mills on coffee::
in all, something over 13 cents This, surely, was.
a very small barden, supposing that it was all paid1
by the consumer And its being so very small to-
each individual, was one of the bes'of reasons f r
imposing it, because it became alight and universal
tax. Ti.ere w s another reason that they are arti-
cles of large bulk, and, being liable to a small duty,
there would be no tempiation to smuggling. They
would be articles of productive revenue.
No one listened with more pleasure than he did
to the eloquent and sonorous tones of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, in debate, bat, when that Sen-
ator got up to prophesy, he confessed that the tones
of his predictions fell upon the ear like the notes of
some bird of ill omen, for he had never yet heardi
him predict a veto to a Wh'g measure that was not
verified. Now, however, something whispered him>
that the Senator was not in the true prophetic veía
—that his predicted veto would not come He felt
satisfied that the exigencies of the Government,
the condition of tne country, and the various cte-
cumstaaces of the times, would overrule the mere
opinions of "he Executive as to the necessity of ad-
hering to his own conceptions of expediency, in
prefe'ence to the oft-repeated decision of the repre-
sentatives of Ihe people and of the Siates
Mr. TALLMADGE observed that the principle
now recognised by all was, that such a revenue
bill should be pass d as would give an amount of
income necessary lo an economical administration
of the Government, and, at the same time, afford
incidental protection to the industry of the country.
As to the question at issue—that of the distribu-
tion of the proceeds of ihe public lands—his senti-
ments heretofore were well kno#n, and he should
only now say, that his op rions had undergone no
change
He behoved the only messure of the last session
which had been so carried cit as to give relief ¡o
the country, was the bankrupt law.
No v, n was urged that mis revenue bill, in its
present form, cannot become a law He would
say that no intimation of what raav be the action
of anoiher branch of the Government should ever
have any effect on him Gentlemen bad taken up
the veto on ihe 1 itlt lariti bill, ard inferred from it
that ihis bill is to shan t ie same laie as that tem-
porary met'-ure. He m erred no such ihing Sup-
pose any loroier Piesiden —General Washington,
fir ins anee—had tnuaght fit to ve'o a bill, and
suppose anoiher bill of immensely superior conse-
quence, and involving vasily more important ínter-
e ts, were to be sen to him and suppose it contained
i ton* nulional impediment won d not General
Wasi.rgicn *?y, Let the wiM nt the people tase ef-
Itct and tins bill becoi   > a ¡aw?
What is the great objei ion to the 27th section,
as i ow introduced into this revenue bill? Gentle-
men say it violates 'bo com irom se act. Bat was
it not conterop and, at th   t me thecompromiseact
