CON&RlfesiONAL GLOBE.                               •            §23
We have heard his conr-e assimilated to the doings
of royalty. Was that an assemblage of kings
which framed your glorious Constitution, and gave
you a Union and a Government? Did it not con-
tain the embodied wisdom of our sages, with
Washington at their head? And yet they placed the
veto power in the Constitution, jn letters which
read as clear as if they had been wniten in sun-
beams. It was intended as a check upon parlies—
a check upon ephemeral majorities, like that which
brought a transient party into power in 1840. How
did the Presideni, in vetoing lhat bill, trample upon
the rights of the people? A majority of the States
and the people have declared against the measure.
But yesterday we saw resolutions from the State
of Connecticut—and my own State passed similar
resolves—condemning the act, and refusing to re-
ceive one dollar of the money to be dtttnbnted un-
der the law. Yet these are States, bith of which
panicipated in its passage. O her Stales might be
named in a similar situation. Thus, this measure
is not merely vetoed by the Prenden t, but also by
the people. Who, then, are defying the people?
Not the President, but those who voted for the en-
actment of ths measure.
Bat it was said that the bill vetoed by the Presi-
dent did not involve any constiiutional question.
Gentlemen contend that no bill which does not
conflict with the Constitution could be vetoed. Did
the Constitution say so? If a law is parsed con-
trary to the Conslitution, it will be declared so,
and rendered void, by the judicial tribunals.
The veto power would be useless, if only in-
tended to be used for the purpose of arresting un-
constitutional laws. The last tribunal was the
President—the rampan erect, d by the Constitution
against encroachment.
He (Mr. W.) did not ¡husk the power should be
resorted to as an every-day occurrence—for in-
stance, upon such a bill as !he apportionment act,
which the President signed, and filed reasons for
so acting. On that occasion, the President, like
General Washington when he signed the bank bill,
took the advice of those who surrounded him, and
only at the last moment yielded his doubts to the
expressed opinion of the Legislature. But is the
President bound to sign every bill which comes to
him, merely because it does not happen to conflict
with the Constitution? Suppose Congress should
pass an act declaring war at an unsuitable juncture
of affairs; or suppose it should abolish all tariffs,
and establish what many regard as the best policy
of the country—free trade and direct taxes: wou'd
the manufacturers think the President wrong in
vetoing such an ac ?
Suppose it should pa*s an act creating a stand-
ing army oí 200,000 solders—not militia—woe'd
the President necessarily have to sanction it? He
held ihe doctrine advanced to be monstrous m the
extreme. It so happened, that most of our Presi-
dents admitted the constitutional power of Congress
to abolish slavery in the D strict of Columbia,
though they regarded it as inexpedient. Suppose,
then, an act should be passed abolishing slavery
here: would not the President be justified in veto-
ing H?
He deplored the sen tintents which had been ex-
pressed by gentlemen on the other side. Had it
come to ihis, that the Government must be left des-
titu'e of means, because a portion of the two
Houses of Congiess conflict in their opinions with
the Prudent, m reldii, n to a patty measure? He
hoped the honorab'e Senator, who had made such
declarations to-day, *,ou!d sleep upon what he had
sal(j__-hir.k on them, and pr> sent ;hem to h.s patn-
o ic feelings—think of !vs b eeding counuy,—ere
he resolved to carry out his measures.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] had
said ihat this act of th* Pre-ident would have
bronghi an English mnnaich to the block, and
that there wa-.no Ks'ance in the history of tha*
Government of a veto >ipon a bill cf supplies.
What was this bill? Not a bill oí supplies, but a
bill to width Ad supplies—to withhold the legitimate
revenue of ihe Government, (the land fund,) which
even the Sena'or [Mr. Archer] admits ought to
go into the treasury. He concluded by expressing
the hope that Senators on the other side would
reconsider the determinations thay had expressed
m relation to this measure, and not permit the
country to be ruined because of their differences
wuh Mr. Tyler.
Mr. BAGBY then obtained the floor, but gave
way to
Mr. SEVIER, on whose motion the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
importance in itself. At a late hour on Saturday,
when every member was weary with his aitend-
ance during an oppressively hot day, there was a
disposition shown, on the part of some gentlemen,
to take the vo'e on an important bill, and to com-
pel him to make his speech, when no one was dis-
posed to listen to bim; and, contrary to his wish,
he was coerced into the making of his speech,
while around hirn there were appeals made for aa
adjournment. He had proceeded some t& or fif-
teen minuter, when he perceived there was no* a
quorum present; and, at length, when almost ia
the middle of a sentence, he mwvedan adjoornment.
His colleague [Mr. Arnold] rapidly put the ques-
tion. It wa-i true the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] rose; but the ques-
tion was put rapidly, and the Speaker pro tem.
came down from the Chair. The gen'leman from
Pennsylvania rose, he admitted; but he did not
catch the Speaker's eye; and it is known thit there
was no mode of compelling the Speaker to see any
gentleman who rose. [Laughter.] If, then, gentle-
men were disposed to attach importance to the act
of his colleague, [Mr. Arnold,] he hoped some
equitable tribunal would sit in judgment on those
who were absent on that occasion. He concluded
by renewing the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. BOWNE and Mr. GENTRY made some
observations, which were not distinctly heard.
Mr. G. was understood to witbdraw the modon.
Mr. ANDRE WS claimed the motion as his own,
and avowed his purpose to be to cut off debate
Mr. S. MASON lose to add ass the H"use, as
was understood, in corroboration of the statenseut
ot Mr. Bowne; but objection was made.
Soma conversation ensHed on the position of the
question. Mr. CTJSHING and others were heard
to remark that the speech of Mr. Gentry was
proof that the motion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Andrews] was withdrawn, and there-
fore he had no control over it.
Mr. BOWNE remarked, if the gentleman from
Kentucky chose to exclude the truth, let him do
so.
Some irregular discussion issued, in the midst of
which the motion to lay on the table was urged.
The yeas and nays were called upon the motion,
and tellers were demanded on that question. Tel-
lers were appointed, and the yeas and nays were
ordered, and resulted as follows—yeas 97, nays 87.
So the motion to lay on the table prevailed.
The SPEAKER then announced the regular
business to be the unfinished business of Saturday.
He remarked lhat this was toe regular petition day;
but, by a nile of the House, petitions might be laid
on the lab'e, without occupjir.g the time of the
House
Mr. PENDLETON wished to make a report
from a se.ect committee.
Mr. PROFFIT objected. He said there were
criminal indictments enough before the House.
[The report was understuo I to be one of censure
ot the Secretary of the Navy for some official act
in connexion with theconsiructionot awarsteame^
for the lake*.]
Mr. BRIGGS a*-ked the House to receive and
act upon a bill in relation to post roads; and, as ob-
jection was made, he moved a suspension of the
ru'es for ¡u reception.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill, entitled
A bilí lo establish certain post roads, was read
twice, and committed to the Ccmmiltee of the
Whole H''use, an'* orden d to be printed.
Mr. C J iNGS Iv.iLL offered ihe following
resolution, wKch was read tor information:
Resolved, Thu the Secietaiy of State be directed to com-
municate to ih s Hou-ie, at the beginning of the next session
ot Congfes;, the lunibn of all petsims who have applied,
throughou ihe United ^ ve=, lot ihe benefit of the bankrupt
act, the nuiobt-rot alt who have been finally discharged under
i', distingu'Miing eich judicial district, the amount of debts
petitioned agains', fhe amount of propeity surrendered, tha
expenses attending the moceedinas in bankruptcy, the number
ot comrm--*ioner(, appointed, the number of days on which the
judges tiave held their ses-iona c .cerrm.g it, and the amount
of lunds remaining n cha.geof ass gnets or other persons ju-
dicially intrusted with them.
Objection was mtdí; and it was not ree^'ved.
Mr. CÜSHING prc-cn'ed a peti'icn for a tariff
unembarrassed by an;, ihing else being attached
thereto.
Monday, August 1, 1842,
Mr. BUWNE rose, when the journal had been
read, to a privileged question. He said the
journal stated that, at a quarter past three o'clock
on Saturday, the House adjourned; and he wished
to have the journal corrected as to the fact, for
there was no adjournment by ihe House.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, what is the mo-
tion before the House?
Mr. BOWNE replied that the question was a
privileged one for the correction of the journal.
The ¡act was, that the Speaker pro tern , [Mr. Ar
nold,] on a moiion to adjourn, dcclaied ihe House
adjourned while the yeas and nays were being
called for.
Mr. ARNOLD said he must take the liberty to
say, in the face of that House, and in the face of
the nation, lhat the gentleman from New York had
totally misstated [or mistaken—for the reporter did
not disfnctly hear which word was used] the
facts.
He (Mr. Arnold) was in t'.ie chair—and it was
indispensably necessary occasionally that his honor
the Speakei should call somebody to the chair du-
ring a temporaiy absence—and while he was -rn-re,
a motion was made to adjourn, there not being
forty members on the floor. He put the question
to the House, and, believing the "ayes" to have it,
he so pronounced; and after he had done so, a gen-
tleman ca!led for the yeas and nays. It was under
these circumstances that thp House adjo-irned. A
gentleman was speaking on a very impottant ques
Hon—not for Buncombe, but for the House; and
there was not a quorum in the House to hear him;
and it was under these circumstances that the ad-
journment took place. From the sound, the ayes
evidently had it, and the gentleman was wrong in
the statement of facts which he had made.
Mr. BOWNE said he could not—he would not,
consent to bandy epithets wnh the member from
Tennessee^but he appealed to the recollection of
every member who was present at the time, to
prove who was mistaken. He appealed to the
honoral.le gentleman fiom Philadelp-ua [Mr J.
R. Ingersoll] who called for the yeas and nays,
whether he did not make tis" call before the decis-
ion was announced, and befors an appeal was
taken, which was also disregarded. HU hmtrr
(ihe Speaker) had decided that an appeal did he
in such a case; and i! it were not so, it would place
in the hands of ihe Speaker the pos/er which pro-
perly belonged to the House lo control its adjourn-
ment. It was under an assump'ion of power, then,
never befare claimed, lhat the Speaker pro tern.
declaied the House adjourned; for he did not at-
tempt even to put the negative ot the queihou
The negauve was not put, and before he [Mr
Arnold] cpened his mouih io announce a decis-
ion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr J R 1n-
ger oll] called for the yeas and nays, fhe Spea- < r
pro tern ,ti' «ever, lefus/d to 1. keany notic-of it, as
he did of an appeal which «as taken; and he left
his stat,to the surpp.e of th^* House. It wis the
most arbitrary a^sump.ion of power he had rver
witnessed in a legislative and deliberative body.
Mr. L. W ANDREWS (who rose simulta-
neously with Mr. J R INGERSOLL) moved lo
¡ay the question on thf table
Mr   J. R    INGERSOLL then  ro?e, and was
understool to bear  testimony to the truih of M
Bowne's statement.
Mr. GENTRY rose si o, but objection was
m de to his speaking whil>' the motion to lav en
the ¡¿ble was pending.
Mr. McKSNWAN hoped it would be win
drawn.
It was uader>tooi that the mot'en was then
withdrawn.
Mr. GENTRY said he was surprised to see so
much importance attached to a thing of so little
