6-2 4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the unfinished business
of S&turday would be proceeded with.
Mr. McKENNAN said hs had a petition which
he had held three or four weeks, and  hi<-n he
could not lay on the table under the rule.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was m the same posi-
tion.
CONTINGENT APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then proceeded with the unfinished
business of Saturday, being "A bill legalizing and
«taking appropriations for such necessary objects
as have been usually meluded in the general appro-
priation bills without authority of law; and to fix
and provide for certain incidental expenses of the
departments and offices of the Government, and for
other purposes," on which Mr. Gentry was entitled
to the floor, in continuation of bis speech wh ch he
commenced on Saturday.
Mr. GENTRY addressed the House in a speech
of considerable length, in continuation of his re-
marks of Saturday.
Mr. J. R INGERSOLL replied to Mr. Gentry,
in defence of the provisions of the bill, explaining
and advocating the appropriations that had been
assailed by the latter; atter which,
Tne amendments made in Committee of the
Whole were severally concurred in; when
Mr. INGERSOLL moved ihe previous question
on the engrossment of the bill, which was seconded
by the House, and the mam question ordered.
Mr. LEWIS offered an amendment, providing
that the guard, gate-keeper, and other persons ap-
pointed to protect the Capitol and public grounds,
shall each receive $750 per anuum, and no more.
Mr L said that one of the«e persons received
#1,60Q, four of them $1,250 each; while others, who
served m more exposed situations, leceived no
more than $500.
Objections being made by several,
Mr. LEWIS asked if he could not move a sus-
pension of the rules, in order to get in his .imen-t-
ment. His object was to obtain uniformity m the
compensations of the persons employed in taking
care of the public buildings and grounds He be
lieved that there was a majority in favor of hs
amendment, and he hoped some way could be de-
vised oí getting a vote on it. You have (iatd Mr.
L ) one man who receives $1,500 per year; and if
he doe  anything more than sit m the rotundo, 1
do not know it You have four others that attend
every other day, and receive $1,250 each, whiV
the man who keeps guard at the gate, a more ex-
posed situation, receives but §500. He was conn
dent that the majority would noi approve ot such
an inequality m the compensations of persons per-
forming the same dutiesi
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman could
not make any motion till the previous question was
exhausted.
The question being taken on the engrossment of
the bill, it was carried in the affirmative—yeas 91,
nays 78.
The bill having been read the third time, and
being on its passage—
Mr LEWIS moved to recommit it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Meaos with instruction's to re-
port it so «mended as 10 make the compensations of
the gaud , gate-keepers, and other persons intrusted
wit'i !he sot keeping of ihe Capítol, and nhei pub-
lic build iig  and publ'c grounds, uniform
Mr L °aid that there was no chos of persons
emplojed in ihe public «ervice, in which there was
so grea' an inequality in their compensations He
tnought, too, that the compensations of many of
t^em were fixed on too liberal a scale, and that
they ought to be reduced, so as to bear a more just
rrorortion to tho^e of others employed m similar
m■ vices He had called the attention of the Commit-
tee ri Wais and Means to this subject, before the
bill tas reported, but they had not given it the^r
at eamti
Mr MORGAN mjved the previous question
ifac SPEAKER, jn rep'y to Mr Lewis, ¿id
t at t| e previous qu-stioti, if ■• isfained I y the
House, would bnng up adiiecttote on the pas
s&ge of the hill, and cut off the motion to recommit
Air. LEWIS asked the general consent of the
House to submit an amendment, to make the com-
pensations of the persons referred lo m his amend-
ment $750 each.
Mr. ADAMS made some remarks, which were
net heard, after which,
The question on becotiding the demand for the
previous question was taken, resulting in yeas 69,
navs 57.                                    ,                   ,   ,
Tne mam question, being oi the passage ot the
b 11, was then ordered and taken; and the bill was
pa*«ed without a division.
Mr ROARDMAN moved a reconsideration of
the vo.e on rejecting ihe bill for the relief of Joseph
Nimblet
Mr. RIGGS made a similar motion with regard
to the bill for the relief of Q W. Hopkins
On motion by Mr ST * NLY, the House re-
solved itself mto the Committee of ihe Whole on
the Mate of the Union, (Mr. Fessbnden of Mame
in the chair )
Mr ADAMS moved that Ihe committee take up
the bill providing indemnity for French spoliations
prior to 1800
Mr STANLY moved to take up the bill from
the Senate for the reorganization of the army.
M'. BARNARD moved to take up the bill to
provide further remedial justice in the courts of the
United States.
Mr ROOSEVELT moved m take up the ex-
planatory tariff bill
Mr. HALSTED moved to take up the bill re-
ported by the Committee of Elections, m lelation
to taking testimony m contested elect on ease';
Mr. McKENN4N moved to take up the bdl m
relation to Western marine hospitals.
Mr. BRIG3S raised the question oí o der,
whether ¡he Chair could enteitain mo e man one
motion befo-e putung the question.
The CHAIR, said that it had Deen the eu^toni to
receive and enter as n>any motions to take up
business as gentltmen plea°ed to make, and then
to put the question on them in the order m which
they were made.
Mr BRIG3S appealed from the decision of the
Cbair; but, on taking the question, the House sus-
ta ned the decision
Mr JACOB THOMPSON moved to take up
Senate bill No 100, to modify the existing pre-
emption la*s
Mr. COOPER of Georg a moved to take no
the bill providing for the sa isfaction of the Georgia
mintia clsuns.
Mr GUSHING moved to take up the exchequer
bill
Tf>e question was first taken on Mr. Adams's mo-
tion to take up 'he French spoliation bill, and it
was rejected.
Tne question was next taken on Mr Stanlj's
motion to take up the bill from tht Senate for the
reorganization ot the army'of tne United States,,
and tor other purposes, and it *a> carried without
a division.
The bill was then read as follows:
AN ACT respecting the orgamzition oí the army, and for other
purposes
Sia, 1 Be it enacted by the Senate and'líouse of Rep
retenlalivesoflhe United Slates of Amerim in Congress
assembled That heieaiter, an so soon as the ¿eduction can be
effected, us herein p ovided, each company of dragoons shall
consibt of the commissioned c fiiceis as now jf ovided toy law,
and oí four sergeants, four coi pnrals, two buglers one famei
and bi icksmith, and fifty pnvates, ai d each company of artil
lei y shall consist of the con m sioned officers as now provided
Ly law an lol four sergeant lour co poruU, twi ar lfi ers t,vo
¡nusici ms and fif y piivates, and each company of mfantrv
shall consist of the same numbei of commissioned officers as
now piovided and of four sergeants, four corporals, two mu
sieiai s, and fifty pnvue« and that no recruits shall be enlisted
for thediagoons, artillery or mfantiy, until the numbers m the
several companies shall be reduced, by the expiration of the
term of service by discharge or othet causes below the bum
ber herein fixed foi the said companies, respective y
Sec 2 And be it further enacted, That the tffices of the
superintendents of the armories at bpnii<,fleld and at Harper &
Ferry shall be, and the same are here! y abolished, and the du
tes thereof shall be peí formed by such i fficeisof the ordnance
corps as shall be designated by the Piesident
-sec j And op it fu.nl er enacted That the office of Com
ñus ary General ( f Purchases (sometimes ai ed ( ommissary
oi Purchase ) shall be and the sime is heieby, ibo ished ai d
the duties theieot shall heieafter oe peif ruled by mcfhc isof
the (luastei master's dtpartment with si en of the fhcers and
clelks now attached to u e Putchasmg dep„llmeot as sh<ill be
authorized by the Secietaiy of War and under such regula
tlons as shall be prescribed by the said Secretary, under the
sanction of the President of the United States
Sec 4 And be %t further enacted. That, within one month
after the passage of this act, the offices of three paymasters of
the army shall be abolished, and that number of paymasters
shall be discharged by the Piesident, and they shall be allowed
three months' pay, in addiuon to the pay and emoluments to
which they may be entitled at the time of then discharge
Sec 5 And be it further enacted, That a competent person
may be employed by the Ordnance bureau, under the direction
of the Secretary of Wai, for such time as may be necessary, to
superintend the manufacture of iron cannon at the several foun
dries where such cannon may be made under contracts with the
United States, whose pay and emoluments shall not exceed
those of a major of ordnance dunng the time he shall be so em-
ployed, to be paid out of the appropriations for arrrament of
fortifications, and for the services tendered in such superm
tendence since ihe first day of Match, eighteen hundred and
forty one, under the au bon y of the War Department, the
same compensation shall be allowed as herein provided
Sec 6 And be it fur titer enacted, That the raiions author
ized tobe allowed to ¿brigadier while commander in chief, and
to each officer while commanding a separate post, by ihe act of
March third, seventeen hnndied and mnety si ven, and to the
commanding ollicers of each separate post by the act of March
sixteen, eighteen hundred an 1 tv,o, shall hereafter be allowed to
the following officeis, and no others
To the Majoi Gene al commanding the army, and to every
officer commanding m chief a separate army, actually in the
field
To the generals commanding the eastern and western geo-
graphical divisions
To the colonels or othei officers commanding military geo
graphical departments
To the commandant of each permanent or fixed post, garrí
soned with troops, including the superintendent of the military
academy at West Point, who is regal dec) as the commandant of
that post
To the commandant of each of the armories and of each ar
senal
To the officers of the corps of engineers and topographical
engineers having the immediate command of the men engaged
m the construction of fortifications or other military ^vorks, or
in the improvement of harborsoi nveis, butaot to include any
superintendent other than the officei having such immediate
command
Mr. STANLY expressed h'S anxie'y that this
bill vsould be allowed to go to the Senate while the
army bill vas there undT coandera'ton; and then
submitted an amendment to the first section, which
was agreed to, in the following word*:
Provided, That nothing in tms section shall be construed to
prevent the re enlistment of non commissioned officers whose
terms of sei vice may txpue befoie the army sha I be reduced
to the numbei heretofore estaVished
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
first <=ect'on, pnd ins   a subs.uute which he had
prepnred, the effect of which was to repeal the act
of 1838, so as to bung ihe army back to iis organ-
ization urder the act of 1821 He explained the
niiure o' the enantes which this would effect, and
also pointed out reforms which he deemed desira-
ble in the sy-te'm, by which double rations were
allowed
Mr. GQGGIN made a few observations, and the
amendment of ihe gen leman from Tennessee [Mr.
CiVE Joh%son] wa< t^en voted upon, but there
wss no qu rum present [It was now half-past
1 o'clock ]
The committee rose and reported that fact to the
House.
Mr MORGAN and Mr BOWNB simultane-
ously moved a call of the House.
Mr GAMBLE called for the yeas and nays on
that motion; and ihey were ordered, and resulted
as follows—yeas 81, says 62, many members hav-
ing come in during the calling of the roll.
Mr. WELLER moved that all proceedings un-
der the call be suspended, whicb was ajreed to,
and the House again ¡evolved lfelf into Commit-
tee of the WhoK (Mr Pe se^dln m the chair.)
M . WELLER hoped- the vote would be taken
on the amendment oí the gentleman fromTennes-
tne   members again got out of the
see,  before
Hou.e
Mr STANLY and Mr C JOHNSON entered
ín'o s meejfp «ation
tfif GAMBLE opposed the amendment. He
«a.d the army was too large for a p -ace establish-
ment, and too skmII for a war esiabli*hoient, but,
it this ¿m ndment were adopted, ihe bill itself
would oe defeated
Mr AD WIS and Mr. J. R INGERSOLL con-
tinued the Jebat 
Mr WILLIAM 8 CAMPBELL observed that
he Ho l^e had already settled this question, by the
r'eois, a it ha' ade oa the army appropriation
■"11, ?t)d he boj. d they would adhere to it He
dgtt-ed wi h the chairman, that the tfficers of the
-irmy ¿m] nav.' were i"en onous and gallant men;
bu' neir gallantry ojght not to be taken into con-
sideration when the question of reducing the ex-
penditures of tha Government within a proper
standard was before them. If the gentleman would
