CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           825
refer to a dark penod of our history—m 1836,
when the Florida war broke out—he would find
that no less than 105 of these gallant officers, who
had been educated at the public expense, resigned
their commissions. He did not believe that, when
wtar came, we should depend more > n those officers
of the army than on citizens now in the civil pur-
suits of life; and he very much questioned wheiher
they would distinguish themselves more, or render
greater serviré to the country, than the officers of
the militia. Indeed, the experience of the last war
showed that the officers taken from the milma ren-
dered more signal service than those educated for
the regular army. At a proper tim" he should
offer an amendment, te provide that no officer¿
shall receive extra allo'vanccs, other than their
regular pay and emolumsnts The act of 1839
contained a provision oi this nature; but it had
been repeatedly violated If a lieutenant «vas or-
dered by the quartermaster to perftrm du'ies re-
lating to that department, he charged and received
extra pay for it; while, at the same time, he was
drawing full pay as an officer of the line. So, also,
with regard to officers employed in surveying.
They were paid for surveying, and also received
their full regular pay besides These were abuses
which Congress never contemplated, and which af-
fected the charae'er and credit of ibe army. They
ought to be corrected, aud he supposed there was
not a member on the floor that was not willing to
correct them. Tne art of 1829 was drawn with so
much precision, that he haidl? supposed any Sec-
retary of War would have disregarded it, yet it
had been violated, bv granting these extra allow-
ances; and he fepred that, though the amendment
he proposed lo offer n>i hi be adopted, it would not
cure the evil.
Mr. MASON of Ohio mored, as an amendment
to the amendment, to m.ert after the enacting
clause the following words:
That the regiment of dragoons authnnzed to be raised and
organized by the act appioved May 23d, 1836, be disbanded on
the 1st October next.
Mr M. then proposed that the section should
read on as it now stands in the bill before ¡he com-
mittee; his amendment merely providing for the
disbanding of a regiment of dragoons, in addition
to the provisions oí the section as agreed to by the
Senate.
Mr. GRANGER opposed the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON explained.
Mr, CARUTHERS contended that the disband-
ing of this regiment of dragoons would be m ac-
cordance with the oft expressed desire of the
House, but he also desired a further reduction of ,
the rank and file of the army, so thit this bill
might carry out the legislation incorporated in the
appropriation bill on this subject. He preferred
that this should be done in this bill, beeausn it was
a better form of legislation than by an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MOORE arguei in favor of retaining the
regiment of dragoons, but would agree to their
reduction on the same scale as the other regiments.
Mr. STANLY alluded to the dangtr of a war
with Mexico, which would be a war wuh England
also, and deprecated the disbaidir gof ihisregiment
of dragoons. Tne danger was still greater, inas-
much as the White House v, at occupied by a Pr s-
ldent who never knew his own mind long together.
He threw out an miimatio-  that some of these
amendments were prompted by the near approach
of the Tennessee eWtions.
Mr. C. JOHNSON denied that he was «o mflu
enced, and appealed to the knowledge of the House
whether he hid not uniformly advocated the e re-
dactions
Mr. CAMPBELL also justifiH himself.
Mr. STANLY oulinued. He said he siw no
prospect ef a long continuance of peace. He
likewise pointed out the necess ty of a military
force to keep the Indians m check, and the i.np in-
ance of troops being ¡>>a'ione} an 1 retained on the
Canada fiontier.
Mr. CROSS opposed the amendment, on tie
ground of the exposed condition of the frontiers
of Missouri and Arkansas, and the number of
Indians whom the policy oí the Government had
located on their borders He also referied to the
warlike and re^i'ess rub.ts oí the wild or prairie
iucians, theii skill in horsemanship and in the use
oí „rmh pi1 showed that nothing but a mounted
force would answer to k«ep them in order. There
were, he said, more than 60 000 warriors within
stuking distance of his State. So far from being
willing to reduce one of ihe dragoon regiments, he
was of opinion that three such regiments would
not be more than were sufficient; and if the
committee were as- well acquainted wuh the cir-
cumstances of the case as he was, be was satisfied
thit ro reduction woti'd lake plac°. He knew it
was impossible for those re->idin:r in Ihe interior to
appreciate the exposed condition of the South-
western frontier, and it was, therefore, that he felt
it imperative on him lo endeavor to make such ex-
planations as might prevent the pre posed reduc-
tion. The war had passed away from Florida,
and there was now no danger from Indian aggres-
sions except in that region between the Red river
and the northwestern corner of the State of Mis-
iouri. There an inianiry force could be of little
service. Such a force could not give chase to
Indians mounted on horseback, and could not
convey information from one post to anolher.
Mounted troops, therefore, would alone answer;
and common justice, as well as humanity, required
that ihe Government, whose policy had created
the danger, should afford a sufficient prelection
from it. Mr C b3lieved, from the exammauon he
bad been able lo give to ihe subject, that the army,
as at pre«-en> constituted, was not to:> large; and
that ito reduction, instead of being a measure of
economy, would turn out, in ihe end, to be one of
extravagance Taking the situation of the coun-
tiy into consideration, he hoped the ci mmittce
would not come 'o 'he conclusion to disband either
of the t&o mountrd regiments
Mr. Mr-KEON ob*erved thit, at the passage of
the law cr aung thj second regiment of dragoens,
he vo'ed fur it, and he had since voted against dis-
banding it. He hoped the committee would bear
in mind, that, when the vote was taken to disband
this regiment, it got a support that hardly any other
regiment in the service could get. When the
question on its reduction was first taken, the vote
was yeas 97, nays 99, so that ¡t was rejected The
vote was afterwards reconsidered, and Ih: reduc-
tion was passed by a very small majority. Mr. McK.
thought there would be great propriety in reducing
the rank and file oí the army, and that a consider-
able saving cou'd be effected by it; but when they
came to strike out of the service a branch of it
ptculiarly fitted for the defence of an important
and exposed part of the country, and which had
been shown by the gentleman fiom Arkansas lo be
so necessary, he could not give his assent to it. He
would not seek to gain popularity by voting for
the reduct.on of so important a branch of the ser-
vice. Tt would be a species of populauty that he
dil not covet He did not mean to insinuate that
the gentlemen from Ohio and Tennessee were in-
fluenced by a desire to gam popularity, but he
thought they were going too far He was for let-
fng the orgmiyali in of ihe army stand as it was,
but for íeducina the rank and file. We can then,
(s,',d Mr McK,) fill it up at any time mat cir-
cumstances may render H necessary.
Mr. WARREN spoke in favor of the amend-
ment, and said that he should vote for Ihe lowest
reduction that c n'd be piotosed He would do
so, beca"-e he believed that theia was no use for
ihe r gimen' proposed to be disbanded. He had
lately set n p ger  ral order, prohibiting horse-racing
and «ambling at one of our posts in Ihe Inlian
coutury, (Port Gibson,) and by this order it ap-
peared ¡hat these v>ces had preiaurd to a very
°reat t--*eat. Ihspioved to his mmd that they
h^d nothing to do; and he had no doubt that the
-luif pMC ci's vot,ld prev? 1 wherever there vas
a drigoon regiment
Mr CROSS "xplained that Ihe second r'g.Tient
of dra "> lOii was rot, and ha J not been, stationed at
Fort Gibson; ana that the order refeired to by 'he
gentleman from Corgia was fiom the command-
ing officer of anr ther legiment.
Mr. WARREN said that he would go for dis-
banding both regiments,   believing  that they had
nothing lo do As to ihe defence of the frontieis
of Misbouu and A'kansas, he believed that the
Cnerokees, Ctioctaws, and other civilized Indians
placed on the borders, were a better protection
ag-uist the wild ir'bes than the whole army of the
United States.
Mr. BLACK opposed the amendment at some
length. When (his subject was first before the
House, he had voted with, the majority for the re-
duction; but he voted under a mis'ake, not knowing
ihe particular individual struck at, or the services
of the regiment that was lo be reduced. He did
not think that he «as the only member that
voted under a misapprehension. Since he had
found out his mistake, he was disposed to retrace
his steps, and he would go for no reduction that *
was so partial in its operations. Commence your
reduction, (said Mr. B ;) begin with ihe beginning,
and end wuh the end, and I will go for it; but
when yon pass by the first regiment of dragoons,
and strike at the 2d regiment—than which no other
in the service has more distinguished itself—I set
my face against it. The Senate, Mr. B. said had
sent ma bill effecting a saving of eight or nine thous-
and dollars in this single regiment, by reducing
the number of horses and men—and (his he would
go for; and jet a proposition so plain as this was
to be met by a charge of gambling and horse-ra-
cing, when it was shown that this regiment was
far away from the post where such practices
had been tolerated. He was, however, yet
to learn that ttvre was so much criminality
m attending a horse-race, or that horse-racing
had anything to do wuh theTiill before the House.
He belirved that officers had attended horse-
races, and tame away buter and purer men than
many who never went there. Tne gentleman from
Tennessee had argued that the b 11 ciea'ing this
second icgiment contained a provision authorizing
the President to dismount it, or disband it, when-
ever, in his opinion, the public service should ren-
der it expedient to do so. But did not the gentle-
man obseive that the very fact of the President's
not dismounting or disbanding this regiment
showed that the public service would not admit it?
Mr B concluded by urging the injustice of passing
by the first regiment of dragoons, and striking out
the second, whicn had rendered such essential ser-
vice lo the country.
After a f w more remarks from Messrs. CAVE
JOHNSON, BLACK, and CROSS,
Mr, BARTON expressed his desire to make
some observations on the second section of this
bill before it was disposed oí; and therefore he
moved that the committee rise; which was agreed
to.
Mr C. JOHNSON submitted a substitute for the
b 11, which he desired should be printed for the in-
formation of the House; which was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS presented a resolution, calling
upon the Secretaries of War and of the Navy to
inform this House what number of colored per-
sons are enlisted m the army, or employed in the
navy of the United States, and in what capacity.
Also, what tortion are free, and what portion
''ave-, and wheiher there are any regulations m
the Dtpartfoenis ot War, or of tne Navy, which
torfa'd the enlistment or employment of colored
persons, wbeth-r bond or free.
Mr MeKAY said there was a law m existence
by v.hicn it was done.
Mr ADAMS said there was no law; but one
was prcpo-ei, and it was for the information of
this House what might be necessary to enable
ihem to act on that bid when it came from the
Senate, that tie offered this resolution.
A member (whose name was not heard) call-
ed ior th„ yeas &nd nays; but they were not order-
ed
Mr. G&MBLS moved to lay the re>olulion on
the t'b'e.
Af er some irreguhr conversation, the motion of
tne gentleman from Georg a was negatived, and
the resolution wasadoped.
Mr A C. DODGE unreduced a b 11 concerning
the judges of Iowa Ter itory, which, oa his expia-
tion that it v>as deigned to save ihe expense of an
extra session of  the Territorial Legislature, to as-
