826
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 ign the judges' di=tncls, it was pished through all
its stages.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 2, 1842.
Mr. KERR presented a petition from certain
persons of Albany, New York, manufacturers of
medicines, praying that Congress will pass a law
protecting inventions of new designs, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and the Patent Office.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports on certa n House bills for
the relief of individuals, (names rot heard,) which
were ordered to be printed
Also, reported back, with an amendment, House
bill for the relief of JeremiKb. Kimball.
Mr KERR, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported back, with amend-
ments, the joint resolution au honzmg the print ng
and distribution of the Digest of Patents, and, on
motion of Mr. Kerr, the previous orders of the
day were postponed, and the amendments of the
committee wee considered, and agreed to; and the
resolution was informally passed over till to-mor-
row.
On motion of Mr STURGEON, leave was
granted to take from the files the petition and pa-
pers of D S Clark
Mr. SIMMONS presented a memorial from
Thomas Denny apd others, of New York city, im-
porters of foieign straw goods, representing it as
their opinion that it would be impolitic to impose a
greater duty in cash than 30 per cent, on straw
hats, and 20 per cent on straw braids: o'dered to
be laid on the table.
Mr CHOATE presented a memorial from the
inhabitants of Linn, Massachusetts, praying that
Congress will repeal the 'aw pllowm,? a bounty or
drawback on the exportation oí spirits distilled
from molasses ordered to lie on the table
THE CONTINGENT APPROPRIATION BILL
House bill legalizing and making appiopnalions
for such necessary objects as have been usually
included in the general appropriation bills, and
providing for contingencies in the «avtul depiit
ments, was read twice, an I ordered to be pnn ed
and referred to the Committee on Finan e.
The PRESIDENT pro Inn la d before the Sen-
ale a communication from i'ie Treasury Pep,nt-
ment, reporting, in compliance wuh a resolution
which passed the Señale ( n the 13th instant, at the
instance of Mr. Woodbury, that sine  the repeal ot
the independent treasury bill, the public mopci,
except such <i& was on deposite in the m Ms, ¡"id
sundry balance  in me hand of public (fhecrs ap
pointed by law, had, undir the oirettion of tho
Secreiary of the Tieasury, been deposited m sun
dry banks and saving in titu'icns for *afe-keep
mg
On moticn of Mr. WOODBURY, ordered to he
on the lable, and b   pnn ed
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL
On motion of Mr PRESIÓN, ihe proportion
of the Chairman of the C mmittee on Finance to
appoint a committee oí ¡hree Senators lo meet ¿
committee en the part o House lo confer en !'ic
disagreeing votes be tue n t! * inoHiii^on ill"
army appropriation oil', \\ a Ae i up, and the mo-
tion was agicei to, and Vissri. Evans, Blmiv,
and Presión wf'í apjk i tei1 'o e n° i p e the coi i-
mittee on the pirt of the Senate
NAVY PENSIONS
Housi? bill entitled An dct m ¡king . n appio
pnation for tin- supply ot ¡h> defiei^ncy in t.io
navy pension fund, came tp ,n order, as in com-
mittee of ihf wuplt.
Mr AÉCHER exr'amed t iat ue bill \&.is in
tended to supily the defic en-y in th<* lurid ou' o'
which, by law the navy pens ns were an eicrzed
to be paid T1 at fund had, a }ei>i or two a«o,
become ins^h n, m ten qi re or 'he ext au t
ing effects of tK I' v ¡837, i hich hrlicpio
perly iois c' up n i i n wi seuho sen,
originally i iten ed b_, ti .itsir foopiees That
law authorized pensions lo the wi^o o or children
of all navy officers ai-d seamen > no died in the
s«mce, whether from wounds received m the ser-
vice, dise? e coatractedin consequence of perfcrm-
mg the duties of the service, or in the rour-e of
nature The previous laws did not, but confined
them to cases where death ensued from casualty
or disease contracted in the performance of duly.
The fund became inadequate to sustain thi  new
class of cases, not only was the interest, but the
principal exhausted, and last year a large amount
had to be approDnated out of the common treas-
ury, to meet the pensions. Due appropriation
was made, with a proviso that all pensions allow-
ed under that act should cease_at the end of the
then next session of Congress The appropria-
tion now called for was to supily the fund so far
as to meet the pensions due under the former act
The second section of this b 11 was intended to
carry out the repealing act of the last session of
Congress
Mr. CHOATE moved to amend the bill with a
proviso, to the effect that the widoas and chi'dren
of all naval officer , seamen, and marines, now de-
c a ed, who were entitled to rece ve pensions under
the acts of the 16 n of August, 1841, and of the 3d
of March, 1837, and as well alter as before the
present session of Congres", shall continue to re-
ceive the same
Mr.  C.   examined the piovisions of the dif-
ferent navy pension laws of Congress prior to 1837,
as well as the law   of   1837,  with a  view  to
show that they all stood upon the same principie;
that they all guarantied pensions to the widow ;
and,   in   case   of   the   death   of  the   widows,
the children of all officers, marines, and seamen,
who died in the naval seivice, and wno «hail die in
the naval service, without regaid to the fund out 11
which they were to be paid, that the only difference
between tfe law of 1837, and the prcviou   laws,
was, thai the latter exteneied pensions to all case,
oí death in the service.   Tne law of 1841 so far
repealed   the   law  of 1837   as   to  declare that
pensions under it should cea e after 'he end of tne
present session of Congress.    His amendment was
m'ended to continue pensions to those who had
bi eft placed on the roll undsr the law of 1837; it
was to add none to the pension roll since the 16th
August, 1841     He maintained, that to  suddenly
strike from tne roll ihe widows or children ef ihe
offictrs,  etc, pbeed th°re by the act of   1837,
would be a proceeding of great seventy and hatd-
ship, for ihat law, hire all preceding law , declared
lha ill the widows, (and, m case of the death of
the widow ,) thechildun of officers, marine*, and
seamen, who died, or  hould thereat er die in  the
servie , (wuh ut lefereno   to cause,) shall be enti-
tled to a p Pion     This, he   argued, vas a com-
pact—a sacre ! compact betseen the Government
pnd those officers and  stamen who entend the -er-
vief—hit, in  cae  of  trier   dea b, their widows
oi childien   would  be  pensioned     Tm y  entered
•he service with that impress on, ai d some have
died m  the service, and their wido?-. hp.ebecn
pensioned, they have built up  Ihur hep s and ex-
pcipiions on tLi« ebligption of the Goveinmen*—
h<ive arranged  thor affairs with reierene^  to  i',
and, m d r-ucha  tate ot   lungs, he copiended
thai it wi uld bs a most unjust and unmerciful pro-
ceeding to st ike them suddenly from the r jll     If
the law of 1837 wis improvident, as was believed
by many, it ougnt not to nave been pas<ed, but, if
it was retealed, the repeal shtuld at lea t be pro-
1     reci/      It was b 'ter tecomi'igthe Governirent,
Vi i lit, w io ver- abie, si  uid b ¡ir 'he 1 is , ¡ an
ti        *tK,b_,     e  i idi cieet picmiscs held    into
I<m,h<tl  t uili e |) thti    h pes  pen' exp ct   n\\s
upm tho«o  premises—(¡e nist , too, sp-^c fie ( nd
UBf^jivoral.     Toe   vord ot  rhe Govern i.eii , he
aid, *'iould be .<s good a^,    he hind  of  ihe Go j-
|   rrn"utií, ¿i d be mauUmcd  h<-> i  via   he da y of
|    lh^ Go emir ent, in altering its  lansgra ti g pen
J   sions, to inspect any nghi «cquired  iii Icr eiist ng
I   laws
j       Mr  C , sfter dwc'iin   at mi ch length on the
I   hiidli s nf   h-   .    ,   rgiei  hi  it wouH be i vio-
U'ion ot t e pli 'it d   f i th of the Gov ri irent  to
repeal the U-i i 1837,   o  *ai   <•    it     o dd effect
those Wu   i   d o-ei placed en ih   pe s or soil un-
!   der it.
,       Mr WILLIAMS w^    onposcd to th - amend-
,   ment.   He said ihat the law it proposed to revive
was impolitic and unjust, to say ihe lean of it.
He did not know why it was that Congress was
called upon to revive the law of 1837. It was not,
he was «ure, public opinion Ihat called for it, for
it was universally condemned as impolitic and un-
just The navy pension fund bad been overreached
by it. The law? prior io 1837 authorized pensions
to the widows or cmldren of officers, marines, and
s-eamen in the naval service, who died, or should
thereafter die, m consequence of wounds received,
or diseases contracted, or were lost in the per-
formance of their duty. These pensions were to
be paid out of the interest derived from the navy
pension fund of g 1,300,0 00 In consequence of
the passage of the law of 1837, which extended
pensions to the widows or children of all officers,
marines, and seamen who died, or might die, in the
naval service, in the course of nature, the whole
fund was exhausted, and, at the last session of
Congress, a large amount was appropriated to sup-
ply the deficiency, to meet pensions then becoming
due. In consequence of that exhaustion, an ap-
propriation was now necessary to provide for the
pensions which were legitimately chargeable on
that fund.
He conceived that the amendment proposed went
farther than the law of 1837, it would continue
on the roll those who were entitled to five years*
pension only Mr W. argued that there was
no vested right in those pension —that the faith of
the Government was not pledged to continue their
payment out of the common treasury—that the
whole system was founded on the navy pension
fund—and tnat, beyond that fund, legitimately ap-
plied, it was never intended to grant one dollar.
He hop«=d the amendment would be rejected.
Mr SEVIER inquired whether the bill provides
for t e lepeal of the law of 1837.
Mr ARCHER replied that the law of 16'h Au-
gust, 1841, made a change in the law of 1837, to
the effect that all pensions under it should cease at
the end of this session Th s was to enforce that
repeal He then spoke at great length against the
amendment He denounced the law of 1837,
which it pioposed to revive, as a most iniquitous
fraud upon the fund, and a most unjust measure.
Mr WOODBURY argued that, if the fund had
been exhausted by invalids, it would have been
ihe duty of Congress to reimburse the fund; but
that it was not its duty to reimburse it so far as it
had been improperly exhausted. It was never in-
tended that th«se pensions should be paid out of the
common treasury. He sa'd the pensioners under
the law of 1837 bad received already from the
pension fund more than they were entitled to, and
that they had not a shadow of claim upon the
general treasury
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Choate, and decided in the negative—yeas
12, nays 27, as follows:
\EAS—Messrs Batet,, Choate, Clayton, Evans, Huntington,
Kerr, Miller, Btnuh of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White,
and Woodbndge—12
r<A\S—Messrs Allen, Archei, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Caihoun, Conrad, Craft?, Crittenden, Cuthbeit, Dayton, Gra-
ham, King, Lmn, McKobertb, Pieston, Rives Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, la pan, Wilcox, Williams, Wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—27
Mr. WILLIAMS remarked that, previous to the
pa spge of the law of 1c' Jaruary, 1835, the pay
of the officers was reeulated <it so muco per month,
acceding lo the grade, but by that law the pay was
fued at ¡$2 000 or $3,000 per >ear, depending upon
the grade, ihe con equence ■ , that the widows
of off ers who died previous to that law were paid
at the rate of the half-pay per month, and these
who died subsequent to the passage ot me law at
the ra e of the h lf pay per jeer Mr W. wished
to preservem ihe system •«orne uniformity, and there-
fore moved to am^nd the second section of the bill
by aadmg the fodowirg
Tint all pensions efficers, &e m the naval service, shall
b" legulatcd bv the p^y as it exis'e 1 on  the l^t of January,
'S j
The quts ion was put on 'ne amendment, and it
vas agreed to
i       Mr  BENTON moved  o am-nd the bill, by add-
i   ing fie following as an additional section:
j And be it fui iher enacted Thit n all cases of application
( hcteafter made for admission on the navy pension list of the
\   United States, the said application shall be governed and d*
