€30
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
(Mr. W.) would vote for it without adding cotton,
or any article m which he might be supposed to be
personally interested. If the Senator, instead of
making the articles duty free, would insert the rate
of 20 per cent, he thought it would be practicable,
based, as it must necessarily be, upon that which
forms the basis of all treaties—reciprocity. He
(Mr. W.) was in favor of retaliating, not by pro-
hibition, but by an entirely different course. He
never would raise duties to the extent of prohibi-
tion, merely because duties abroad were raised by
iniquitous and unjust legislation. He would go
for a reduction of duties upon the great principle
of reciprocity, and he would say that if the Sena-
tor from Oaio could accomplish this, and bring
down the duties to 20 per cent, he would accom-
plish mote for his constituents than any Senator
had ever done for that great and rising State. He
believed, if the Senator would do this, the subject
would force itself upon the Parliament of Great
Britain. It was a glouous opportunity to obtain a
reduction of the duties imposed on those articles, in
Great Brita d, and thus do an incalculable benefit
to the starving millions oí the population of that
country.
Mr. MERRICK replied to Mr Walker, main-
taining the nghti of the tobacco-planters.
His amendment to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Tafpan] was then adopted—
yeas 27, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aicher, Bayard, Benton, JJhoale, Conrad,
Cuthbeit, Dayton, Evans, Giahain, Huntington, Kerr, King,
Linn, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moiehead, Phelps, Porter,
Preston, Rivls, Seviet, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Tallmadge, and Young—27
NaY*5—Messrs ttagby, Rates, Calhoun, Clayton, Crafts,
Fulton, McRoberts, Smith ol Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tap, an,
Walker, White, and Wilcox—lá.
Mr. MERRICK then moved to amend the amend
ment by striking out th  woids "free of duty,"
and inserting "ata rate of duty not exceeding 20
per cent, ad valorem "
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nay",
which were orderec', and resulted m the negative—
yeas 16, nays 22, as follow^
YEAS—Messrs Bdgby, Itayaid, Calhoun, Cutfihei!, Tulion,
Ken, King, Mmgum, IVIarick, Rives, ^evier, S>mith of Con
necucut, Spiague, Walker, White, andVoun£—10
WAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, tin low, Bites, Benton,
Choate, Clayton, Coniad, C íafís, Dayton, livins, («ithani,
Huntington, Linn, MeftahuI , Miller, JVloreh, ail I'm !ps,Poltir,
Smith of Indiana, 'lallmaJgc, andTappan—22
The question then reci>ir<_d on the am'tidmenta<;
amended, and resulted in the negative—jeno 16,
nays 26, as follows:
YEAS— Me«-,rs Allen, Rigby, IteMon, CUhoun, Cuthbeit,
rulion, King, Linn, JVT( Roborls -itviei, -51111111 of < omuclictil,
Játuigeon, rappan, Walk, l   Wileo*  an 1 \oun-? -16
NÁYS—Missis Archfr, liarrow, Hates, Jliyaid ( lioate
Clayton, Conrid,Crids, Cntttndtn, Diytnn, Evair, Cialnm,
Htintmglon, Ken, Milium, jMunik, Millei, Moiehead, PntJps,
Portei, Pieston, Bimmons, ¡smith ol Indiana, lallmadai, and
Whito—26
The CHAIR then observed that the bill was
open to amendment; and if none was offered, it
would be reported to the Senate.
Mr. BENION remarked that a great many
amendments were yet to be offered, but as the hour
was too late to go into them, he would move an ad-
journment.
Some obj cnon being mpde, a division was call-
ed for, and resulted—Ayr  20, nte  24.
So the Seca'i. relumed  o ,«jouin.
Mr. BENTON sa d he would then btsrin with
bis amendments, of which he had a are ! many to
offer. The hr\>t would le to the 9th line of the
1st section, which reads as ro'low :
On coarse wool t nnufaetuied, the value tviuieof, at tin
last port or place win nee i\porledt> the United bi u< s, Mia!1
be =tPVPn cents 01 lindel, per p >und,theie &hall be 1m ltd a duty
of five peí centum ad valorem
His amendment was, to id  't fis- c<nt instead
of seven ceuis Before he proceeded to strte hi
reasons for offering It is amínduiL'.t, he dee'i sd it
proper lo sav a fe •> v,ord m reference 10 ¡h«
demonstraron jast n¡¿a\ *i t onls of acherin iu
the iron rile oí ba fíl ns, ? i eOvndnieiK, but of
denying Ihe c>m>P'u e ura.sj oí acljOit "T^afer
a long and fat'gumg sesión. He <■ ood t'.ere upt n
his right to legislate, and show to th J court,y the
grounds oí his ieg's'ation. He not oniv had ihi
indeieasible right, but it was hi da j tOiicrci«e
that rignt. And he wouid tell the gentlemen that
there was no possible compact they could make
outside of this House, or inside of it, that should
deprive him rf that right.. Thev nvght try thsir
powers of enduitmee, if they p eased—he had ts
much muscle for >t as any of them. They knew
that he whipped the bank party at that game 11
1832. "Alone, I did it," observed Mr B , with
great energy. Day after d*y the} trien ÚV r
strength, even till fai ¡n the night, aid he whipped
them at last
It was in vain to think of s'lfl ng legis'?tion in
thi* way. lie would tell tnem .hit they coulo not
do it He would tell them that several hundred
amendments ought to he made to this bill If he
saw fit to make a motion of amenatrent on every
one of the items in the bill, it was his right to do it
They might put them down by votes, if ihey could
not by arguments, but it made no difference to him;
he should go on in the performance of his duty.
They might decide that no alteralion should be
made m the bill, but he would at least show to the
country that a great many alteiations and amend-
ments ought to be made in 11. He would go on
quietly doing his duly ; they should give him the
yeas and nays on every one of these amendments.
He would show such reasons for his amendments
as he might think proper. In that wav, at ¡east,
the bill shall get some consideration. The country
shall see that a tax bill of 54 pages—a whol  quire
of foolscap paper—is not to be passed without some
examination, and some attempt at legislation upon
it. If the only legislation it is to have is to be done
out of doors by the gentlemen opposite, he ai,d bis
friends wou'd show they were determined to do
their part in the Senate of the United State', and
in their proper pl>ces. It is their duty to see the
record made up, that the people may know how
this tome tí 10 be done. It shall go to the judg
ment of the United States, and the opinion oí the
people shall bs passed on it. The people of the
Um ed Slates shall know it. They shall see how
this coalition of politician', and binkitei, ?nd diS-
tribuUonisis, is to work It shall be all laid before
them. Tre first question he shou'd make before
them would be—
Mr.CRtTTENDEN interposed to soy that there
wa- a misunderstanding as to the question of ad-
journment, which he perceived the Senator from
Missouii conceived had been deeded wi bou' a due
regard for courtesy He should siy 'hat n was
not unders'ood, when the question vas decided,
that an amendment was peiding. He, for on ,
did not know the Senator had propo^ed an amend-
ment, aDd wished to speak on the subject Had
he known that such was the fact, he should met
cheerfully haveaccordtd that courtesy which he
would, m like circumstances, expect.
The gentlemen opposite must know that if no
amendments were to be offered, theie was a great
anxiety on the part of himself and his friends 10
get through this very unpleasant affair And he
hoped some courtesy would be extended to them,
in delaying the pregiess of *he bill as little as pos-
sible. Ii it was the desire of the Sena'or from Mis-
souri to have an adjournment, he and his friends
would not object. He would, the.efore, taking
it for granted th t was the Senator's w.sh,inove
tha the Senate do r.cv adjourn.
And the Senate, at a quarter to 6 o'clock, ad-
jourred.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
TofsDAY, Au2ust2, 1843.
On mo'ion rf Mi. TALI íFERRO, the follow-
ing bill uom the Senate \vere severally read f* ¡c
ant' referred:
The bill for ¡¡>e relief of Mar> Prettj.na'i;
The Ml for the relief of the Steamboat Com-
pany o' ía-ituc e ;
The bill to rc-ulate enlvments m 'he army,
nai}, am' manne coip1,
Tlie 1) 1 for to relief of W Hum De B lys,
postmisier at Njw OrUpn?, and
Tae bill to autbir z-" the cnsTitcii n of a depot
for charts and iistiuments <oi th" navy.
Mr PENDLETON, fiom the Onr-mittee on
Military Affairs, r-po ted, wnli-ut amendment, the
bill Aom ¡he Pénate for the relief of Boyd B*ulf
Mr. PENDLETON, fiom the Select Committee
appoiuted to consider the subject, asked leave to
make a report in relation to the iron steamship now
being constructed on the Northern lakes.
Mr. PROFFIT said be had no objection to the
report being read, if gentlemen would only prose-
cute their mdicimenb. He was aware that the
rep->rt now presented was one censuring the Sec-
ret?ry of the Navy for carrying out a law of Con~
I gress, but he did tbii k, that, befoie any new mdict-
I men.s were prererrei agams' the Executive and
the members of Ivs Cabinet, those now before the
I Hou e (otherwise called toe Star Chamber) should
fcrst be disposed of.
There was the impeachment of the President of
the United States, in which, doubtless, many a
heretofore hiddea Burke and Sbendan will burst
for'h upon our startled vision. There was the
ecclesiast.cal indictment preferred by thp gentle-
man from Massachuset's, [Mr. Adams,] the crime
alleged being that the President dared to say he
had a reason for signing a bill. He called it
"ecclesiastical," because the md'ciment was based
upon precedents derived from the Levittcal law.
There were, also, the indictment No 1, preferred
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper]
against the Secretary of War, the crime charged
is, that the Secretary will not blast the reputa-
tion of ceram gentlemen, by publishing to the
world ex parte statements, made not under oath,
implicating the character and standing of individ-
uals hfietofore high in public estimation, indict-
ment No, 2 against the Secretary of War, far re-
moving a clerk; indictment No 3 against the same,
for appointing a store-keeper in Pennsylvania; and
there was an indictment against the Secretary of
State, relative to the census—[the Weaver charge ]
Again, (said Mr. P.,) we have an indictment
against the Attorney General of the United States,
preferred by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bahward;] and now, sn, we have this indictment
against the Secretary of War, by the gentleman
from Oh'o [Mi. Pendleton ]
Most of these indictments, elaborately prepared,
were upon the table—printed and published, and
sent forth to the country, poisoning the public mmd
—and yet the House would take no action on them.
The party in power had obtained the.r object when
they hid preferred their charges. Trial they had
no thought of. That, thsy knew, would resu't in a
total discomfiture. Mr. P. added, that ss the ma-
jority, a ter their fashion, had transacted all the
civil business of the coun ry, he thought that before
new matter was brought up for consideration,
they should dispose of the ' cnminal docket," for
doubtless the party would, before the next meeting
of Congress, have much additional and similar
matter on which to expend the three months allot-
ted to the transaction of public business.
Mr. PENDLETON said tha', if the gentleman
did not object to the reception of the report, he
would move that it be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN intended to present a coun-
ter-report from the minority of the committee; but
not having it with him, he must object to the re-
ception of the report of the gentleman from Ohio,
unless there was an agreement to receive and print
the minority report when he should have it ready.
The f WEAKER said that, by general constnt, the
report oí the mincrtty would be received when
ready, and disposed of m ths same way as the re-
port of the majority.
Mi PENDLETON assenting, and no objec ion
b'inz nwle by any gentleman, bot'i reports we e
ordced to he on the table and be prm'ed.
Mr. ADAMScal'-d up the report from the se-
lect corani'ttec en the subject of the reasons given
by tue President for signing the gppor lonment bill.
Mi. PROFFIT sugges (; that there was a report
ihif! ad the piecedeac? c1 ths one referred to by
to~ ci ierran Inun Ma sichusetts. He allided
to 'he repo"t 1 f the gentleman in re'aticn to the
htt-r of tS'e Secretary of War, r'ecUmig to trans-
mit 10 th  Hetre certain evidence on the surjectof
al cx~«  rauds >n the lidian country.
& S VUNDERS s-id he objected to trying m-
d -loor v v hea there was „o much unfinished busi-
ness befoie the House.
Mr ADAMS moved to suspend the roles for the
purpose of taking up the report.
