834
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■wool of this low priced kind is grown in the United
States To which the answer might be, that this bill
Mtends there shall be none such; and, for tbat pur-
pose, will take care to keep down the home prod-
uct, by encouraging the foreign importation  Even
if all should be fair, and no wool actually imported
but that which cost less than  7 cent ; still there
would be an mterfereisce with our domestic wool;
for this item, diffeuug from the rule establisned for
other importations—the home valuation—lakes the
foreign cost for the ascertainment of the value; and
we know that on the coasts of Asia Minor and
in Sout^ America, the sheep is worth almost noth-
ing, and the wool is, consequently, purchased for a
jnere   trifle.    If  alt   was   fair,  there would still
be   a   dangerous interference   with home grown
wool,  but all  would  not be  fur'   Good wool
■will be  mixed up  with coarse    Low prices m
foreign ports—in Ana and South America—will be
proved: and wool worth much more than 7 cents
the pound will be imported at 5 per centum—that
is to say, free of duly—will be imported as costing
less.   This has been the case under the 8 cents
limit, and will be under the 7, and thus, an injury
will be worked boih to the revenue and to the agri-
cultural interest of the country.   Mr. B  showed
that the bill contained provisions to counteract these
frauds, whicu admitted iheir existence, while the law
was impotent to prevent them.   The true remedy
•was, to make the limit so low, that it would only
«over the really coarse wools; and he proposed 5 as
the limit, which would effect that object.   Mr. B.
said it was evidently to favor manufactures that
thisclassihcauon of wools was made, and nine mil-
lions of pounds admitted tree of duty. Now, (Mr. B.
said,) the manufacture which worked up a domestic
material stood on a very different footing from tho>e
which worked up foreign materials. The former en-
couraged our agriculture, the latter discosraged it
And of thu character was the manufacture of ihis
foreign wool.   It was the manutacture of a foreign
article; and if to this is added that foreign soap is
to be admitted free ot duty, to wash it—foreign oil
free, to grease it—and foreign ingredients free, to
dye it—then the name of domestic manufacture
would become fanciful and imaginary.    There
would be nothing domestic about it but the name
Mr. B. said that a further reason for making these
coarse wools pay home revenue to the treasury, was
in the fact that the cloths manufactured out of them
were powerfully protected by a heavy duty on for-
eign woollens—no less than  40 per cent on the
home value, with 10 per cent, more if imported in
a foreign vessel.   Thus the manufacturer was to
have the wool free, and then to have a large protec-
tion on the cloth made out of it1
The ques.tion was then taken, and resulted in the
negative—>eas IS, nays 26, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, King, Linn,
Mi Roberts, Preston, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tap
pin, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—15
NAYS—Messrs Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Calhoun,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Huntington, Kerr, Mangura Merrick, Millei Moiohead, Phelps
Porter, Simmons, Sprague, falimadge, Walkei, White, ant]
Woodbridge—2b
Mr. PRESTON moved an amendment to the
same portion of the first section It was to change
the words, "five per cent, ad valorem," to 20 per
cent ad valorem
Mr EVANS did not approve of the proposed
change
Mews PRESTON, KING, WOODBURY, and
CUTHBERT supported the fhouon, on the ground
that, if revsnue were the object of the b'll, a duty
of 20 per cent ad valorem would best effect that
object.
It was opposed by Mr EVANS, on the ground
th at the grow b of coarse wool ought to be dis-
couraged, and tbat of fine wool encouraged, which
would be the effect of a low duty, or no duty at
all, on coarse woo!
Mr. SEVIER called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
negative—yeas 17, nays 25, as follows-
TEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Pulton, King, Linn McRob
erts, Phelp" Preston, Seyier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappao, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
NAYS—Mwsrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad,| Craft , Crittenden,  Dayton, |Evan«, Gra
ham, Huntington, Keir, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, More-
head, Porter, ¡Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Spiague, Tallmadge,
While, and Woodbridge—25
Mr. TAPPAN moved an addition to ths 30th
section of the bill, to the effect that those small
custom houses whichio not receive as much mo-
ney in revenue as they cost in expense', be discon-
tinued He explained his object, but was imper-
fectly heaid in ihe gallery. He was understood as
pointing out the number of custom-houses in which
the amount of expenditure exceeded the whole
amount of revenue collected, and the necessity of
the reorganization wh'ch his amendment provided
for.
Mr EVANS remarked that all the Senator said
was very true; but he had two objections to his
amendment: one was, that it was improper to in-
troduce, in a revenue Dill, an organic law to reor-
ganize the machinery oí collecting revenue, anoth
er wa<, that u was right and proper in itself to keep
up the custom houses even when the duties re-
ceived did not amount to one fourth of the expense.
This expense was an outlay to secure the revenue
received for the country at large It prevented
smuggling and frauds on the revenue, which would
very soon be conspicuous if those custom-houses
were withdrawn. The smugglers would be very
glad, indeed, if those small custom-houses were
abolished
Mr WRIGHT acknowledged tbat the object the
Senator from Ohio had in view was a very laud-
able and desirable one, if it could be put in prac-
tice, without doing more harm than good The
absence of a sufficiency of revenue to pay the ex-
penses of small ports, wa<s a strong evidence of the
efficiency of the ar angements for collecting rev-
enue in the really commercial ports of entry. Im-
portations to any great extent cannot legitimately
be large in any oí those border pons, or the small
ports on the Atlantic coast; the natural course of
trade being to the great ports of commerce. These
small custom-houses aie mere guards* they should
not be ports to depend upon for revenue. There-
fore.the expense must necessarily be borne, for the
advantage of the revenue, though it exceed their
own receipts.
Mr. HUNTINGTON enforced the same new
of the subject in a mor<r elaborate form, and called
on the Senator from Ohio to give up his amend-
ment.
Mr. PORTER was of the same opinion, and ad
verted to the statistics of Michigan in support of
this view of the subject.
Mr. WOODBURY thought there were undoubt-
edly divisions of thedulies of customhouse offi
cers which it was desirable to make; but he thought
this improvement ought to be the subject of a sepa-
rate bill, and would be inappropriate in a bill to
rai^e revenue.
Mr. TAPPAN withdrew bis amendment.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out from the first
section of the bill that part of the 8tb and 9th lines
containing these words, "at the last port or place
whence exported to ihe United States "
Mr. B. explained the reason which he thought
should prevail for striking out these words.
Mr EVANS slated that the expressions did not
convey the meaning which the Senator supposed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr WRIGHT moved to strike out from the
7th section, page 5, the following proviso :
1 Pi ovided, That all manufactmes of cotton, or of which cot
ton shall be a component part, not dyed, colored, printed oi
stained, not exceeding in value 20 cents per square yard, shall
be valued at 20 cents pti square yard
"And if dyed, colored printed, or stained, in whole or m part,
not exceeding in value 30 cents per square yard, shall be valued
at30 cents tht, square yard, excepting velvets, cords, moleskins,
fustians, buffalo cloth", or goods manufactured by napping oi
raising, cutting or sheanng, not exceeding in value 35 cents the
squai e yard, winch shall he valued at 35 cents per square yard
and duty paid accordingly  
Mi. W. observed that bis motion was to strike
out the proviso, which embraced the mmimums,
as they are called, upon the cotton goods, the con-
sequence of wh,ch would be, if the motion
prevailed, to leave a duty of 30 percent ad va-
lorem upon all cotton good  Mr W.said the mín-
imums would just about double that duty, and he
read the following memorial, which he said was
from some twenty or more of the commercial
houses of New York, being importers of cottons:
1st That the tariff bill passed in 1832, imposed a duty of 7f
cents per square yard on coloied cottons, and of 7\ cents per
square yard on bleached and unbleached cottons
2d That the abovementioned duty was in reality aheavy pro-
tection, and was so considered by Congress, by the manufac-
turers and by the merchants
3d that the duty proposed in the bill introduced into the
House of Representatives by the Commutee of Ways and
Means, imposes adutyof 9 cents per square yard on colored,
and 6 to 7§ cents per square yard on bleached cottons, and of
10J cents per square yard on cotton fustians
4th That the cost of all kinds of cottons in this country and
m Europe is now less, by at least 40 per cent, than the cost of
the same goods in 1832                            ,,,„,,
5th That, therefore, the duty proposed in the bill before
mentioned is double that of the highly protective tariff of the
year 1832 The duty per yard is increased—the cost per yard
now being nearly one half of the cost of 1832
6th The proposed duty on cotton goods is, consequently, not
a duty for revenue nor foi protection, but is, in reality, pro
hibitory                                        ,                 ,
7th The import of cotton goods has gradually and steadily
declined notwithstanding the great reduction of former duties
under the compromise act, and the reduction in the cost, and
the mciease of population has had no influence in checking
this diminution
8th That, therefore we do not believe the manufacturers of
cotton goods íequire any fuither protection, but that, if it is to
be granted them, it is evident that a duty of 5 cents per square
yard will be as high a protection to thtm, at present prices, as
8f cents was in 1832
9th That the exceeding low price at which a good service,
able article of cotton goods can now be manufactured, is a suf-
ficient guaianty that no flimsy or useless fabrics would be in-
troduci d under an ad valorem duty, as is urged by the advo-
cates of a squaie yard duty, indeed, such cotton goods are now
seldom seen
Your memorialists, justly alarmed at the passage of the sec
tton regarding cottons, in the bill now before the House of Rep-
resentatives and believing that it was there sanctioned under
the impieesion that a former duty, with slight modifications,
was alone reimposed, earnestly entreat your honorable body to
lake the above mcontiovertible facts into consideration, when
the bill comes before you for discussion
Mr W further read a statement of the lmpor-
tition of cotton goods by a sing'e house, during
the «pring of the present year, before the 30th of
June, and therefore before the last reduction of du-
Hy under ihe compromise act. The statement was
as follows:
"Statement showing the cost, quantity of square
yards, amount of duty paid, and amount of duty
which would accrue under Mr. Fillmore's tariff
bill, on 652 cases of cotton goods—being all the
cotton goods received by the subscribers at the
port of New York, in January, 1842:
Quantity of cases     -          -           652 packages
Amount of invoices in pounds ster-
ling            -           -           -           ¿26,949 15j.
Amount of invoices m dollars, at
$4 80 to the pound sterling         -         #129,359
Cluaniity of tquare yards, colored              785,791
Quantity of square yards, bleached              48,420
Amount of goods costing over 35
cants per square yard, ana subject
to ad valorem duty          -           -            $2 883
Amount of duty paid on foregoing
goods       -           -           -           -    $40 042 95
or 30 95 100 per ct.
Amount of duty which would accrue
under the bill now before the Sen-
ate                                                    #75,078 99
or 58 4 100 per ct."
Mr. W. said he'clid not propose to detain the
Senate. He bad only to say that he made this
motion because his object was te make a revenue
bill, and he believed these duties, as contained m
the bill, so far from increasing the revenue, would
defeat it altogether, by prohibiting wholly the im-
portation of these goods He would not add
another word, except that he believed a duly of 30
per cent all the protection which any branch of
the cotton manufacture m this country needed,
without giving an odious monopoly, and raising the
price upon the consumers of the most common
colton cloths, without patting a cent into the treas-
ury.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the principle of this
proviso was one which had been acted upon for
a long «enes of years. It had been embodied in
every revenue bill heretofore, and had had the
happiest effect in improving the home fabric, and
rendering it cheaper to the consumer.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered.
Mr SIMMONS explained that the duties pro-
posed m this bill on those articles had no other ob-
ject than that of making the proportionate increase
which required an amount of revenue to be raised
