CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S43
of the country, if its importation were encouraged,
by freeing it frem. duty. There was no rock salt
in the United States; and no domestic article to be
affected by it. It would be used by stock alone.
And having failed in all his attempts to make gen-
tlemen relent, when the comfort of the people was
at stake, he would now appeal to them in behalf of
all the cows, sheep, hogs, and horses in the United
States, and beg them to let these poor dumb am
mals have some salt to their green grass, so neces-
sary to their health and cpmfort.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
negative—yeas 13, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Calhoun, Cuthbert,
Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Walker, Williams, Wood
bury, and Young—13
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Cboate,
Clayton, Conrad Crafts, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Meirick,
Miller, Porter, Rives, Simmon.'*, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Tallmadgs, White, and Woodbridge—21
Mr ALLEN moved to strike out from the free
list, pages 34 and 35, the 5 h paragraph oí the 9th
section, which reads as follow 
•'Philosophical appara'us, instrumerts, books, maps and
charts, statues, statuary, books, and casts, of marble, bronze,
alabaster, or plaster of Pans, paintings diawings, engravings,
etchings, specimens of sculptuie, cabinets of coins, medals,
gems, anl all other collections ol antiquities, Provided The
same be specially imported, in good faith, for the use of any
society incorporated or established for philosophical oi liteiary
purposes, or for the encouragement of the fine arts, or for the
use, and by the order, of any college academy, school, or semi
nary of learning in the United States "
The effect would be to leave those articles sub
ject to the ad valorem duty of 20 per cent On this
motion he called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered.
The question was then tak"n, and resulted m the
negative—yeas 4, nays 23, as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Taitón, and McRoberts—4
NAYS—Messrs Archei, Barrow, Bates, Bayard Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Man
gum, Merrick, Miller, Porter, Prest m Rives Simmons, Smith
of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbudge—23
Mr BENTON proposed an amendment, to pat a
stamp duty on the issue, and an annual tax on the
circulation, of paper currency, and supported his
proposition by an elaborate speej h, of wh.ch we can
not give even an outline in this brief report, merely
stating that Mr. B. declared his first object to be to
raise revenue from an article which was able to pay,
and ought to pay; and his next object was, to contri-
bute to regulate the paper currency. He was certain
Congress had con<-tnutional power enough to regu-
late the paper currensy,and had nothing to do but
to exercise that power. A bankrupt act against
banks—a stamp duty on the issu? of all paper cur-
rency—and an annual tax upon it? circulation—
■would accomplish the object, and free the country
from the curse of depreciated paper on any day
that Congress chose. The following was h's
amendment:
Seo And be it further enacted, That from and after
the last day of December, m the yeai 1842, th^re shall be laid
and collected throughout the United States, their Territoues
and the District of Columbia, a stamp duty on the issue, and
an annual tax on the circulation oi all paper cunency, as fol
lows a stamp duty of thirty cents on each piece of pai er con
stituting such currency, and an annual tax of twenty five cents
on the same for each year it is continued m cnculation
Sac And be it further enacted, That every descnption
of notes, orders checks, or eel tlficates, promising or ordering
the payment of money or other thing, and put into circulation
by corporations, corporate bodies, b dies politic, individuáis,
or companies, which shall be tiansferable by delivery without
the written endorsement of each passer thereof, and without
being subject to the laws which apply to inland bills of ex
change, shall be deemed to be paper currency within the mean
mg of this act, and shall be subject to the stamp duty and to
the annual tax hereby imposed
Sec And be it further enacted, Tnat every corporation,
corporate" body, body politic, individual, or company which
shall issue paper currency of the foregoing description shall
have the same stamped, and pay the duty theieon befoie the
same is issued or reissued after the taking effect of this act, and
for that purpose shall apply to the United States marshal foi
the district within which such issue is intended to be made,
who shall forthwith stamp the same, and collect the duty there
on according to the regulations and instructions which he shall
receive from the Secretary of theTitasury
Sbo And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of theTreasuiy to prescribe the forms marks
inscriptions, and colors to be used foi said stamps and shall
furnish the dies and machinery therefor to the respective mar
shals, with the necessaiy books for keepirg tno propel ac
counts, and for defraying the expenses of purchasing the said
dies, machinery, and books the stun of thiee thousand dollars,
out of any moneys in the treasury notodieiwiss aipropnated,
be, and the same hereby is, appropr ated
Seo And be it further enacted, That a fine of five thous
and doltarsshallbe imposed on the officers severally of each
Corporation, and a fine of fifty thousand dollars on each corpo
ration, corporate body, body politic, individual, oi company,
^hich shall issua or reissue any paper currency, without being
stamped, and the duty paid, as aforesaid Provided, That any
officer who proves his dissent to such issue, and vote against
it, shall not be subject to such fine, and all contracts, loans, or
payments made by the corporations, corporate bodies, bodies
politic, individuals, or companies, made in paper currency not
stamped as aforesaid, or founded on such currency as a con
sideration, shall be null and void, and of no effect or validity in
any court whatever
Sec And be it further enacted That every corpora
tion, corporate body, body politic, individual, or company,
which shall issue f aper currency of the foregoing descnption,
shall make to the Secretaiy of the Treasury quarterly average
leturns of the number of notes oi pieces of paper cunency so
issued by them, from which quarterly average returns shall he
made an annual average, which shall be deemed and held to be
the number of notes or pieces of paper currency kept in cncu
lation by such party during the year, and on which the tax
shall be collected, and said returns shall be made accoiding
to the forms piescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
a double tax, and a fine of fifty thousand dollars, shall be m
curred by the party failing to make such leturn
k5e«         And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the ¡secretary of the Treasury to cause the annual taxes
so ascertained to be duefiom the issuers of papei currency, to
be forthwith collected by the United States marshals, and duly
accounted for, and paid over by them                "
Sec And be it furthei enacted. That the sum of five per
cent shall be allowed to the maishals on the amounts collected
by them on stamps, and 2£ per cent shall be allowed to them
on their tax collections und~er this act, and the Secietary of the
Tieasury shall cause such bonds and sureties to be taken fiom
the said marshals as be shall deem nece^ary to insure the
faithful performance of their duties under this act
Sec And be it further enacted, That all double taxes
incurred undei this act for a default in not making returns of
the cnculation shall be computed by the marshal of the lis
trict and appioved by the Secretary of the Treasury, according
to the leputed capital employed, or cnculation issued, by trie
delinquent party, and all fines under this act shall be recover
able by action oi debt and shall be divided between the inform
er, the maishal of the distuct and the district attorney of the
United States prosecuting the same, in equal proportions
Mr. BENTON further observed that he wps
veiy certain, m a mat'er of such length and c m-
plexity, Senatots were not piepa'el to vote upon
it He had not shown it even to more than one or
two of his own friends. His object at present was
to have it placed upon the journal, and he knew of
no way to accompli&h that, but by calling for th
yeas and na>s. If the Chair said jt could be done
without thai, be would not ask the yeas and nays.
The CHAIR remarked that there were two wajs
in which it would go upon the journal—by the
yeas and nays b°mg taken, or a general wiih ex-
pressed to that tffect
The veas and nays were then oidered, and *he
question resulted in the negative—yeas 7, najs 27,
as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen Benton,T mn ^mith of Connecticut
Sturgeon, Tappan, and Walker—7
NAY —Messrs Archoi Bagbj Barinw, Bates Bayard,
Choate, Clayton, Co liad Crafts (uttenlen Day on, Lvins,
íluntington, Mangum Mutick, Miller Moiehead, Phelps, Por
ter Prest m Rive^ Simmons ¡smith of Indiana, Sprague, fail
madge, White, and Woodbridge—27
Mr. WALKER moved as an additional sec ion
at the end of the bill, th" following amendment
Andbe it further enacted That fioin and after the passage
of this act, theie shill be collected by the marshals in the sev
cial districts of the Un ted States under such regulation as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, an an
nu il tax of 2u per cent ad valoi em on all gol 1 and "ilvcr wire
exceeding m value $50 and in all cases where the marshals
shall not themselves collect this duty they are heieby author
lzed to employ the assessor collet toi, sheriff or co onei, m
eacbof the same cm ties ol piushcs of th spveial Stales
to aid them in collecting said tax and a compensation of one
percent t>hall he allowed iei the tclual amountof tax collected
and paid over un ler the piovisionsof tin act
Mi. WALKER said that, whilst this bill taxed
so many obj cts and so many necessaries of u e, he
krew of no ar icle whicL could be reaehed by a t ix
with more justice than gold and silver w?re
Whilst we were complaining of a want of metallic
currency, and resorted m such a great degree to the
use of bank paper, it was asserted that double the
amount oi the rom of tae country was wasted in
mete articles of luxury He read a statement from
the bank tables prepared by the former Secretary
of the Treasury, (Mr Woodouiy,) showing that
the amount ot gold and silver com in the world
was, according to the calculation of Hunboldt,
$1,580 000,000, and, according to the calculation
of Bownng, $1,824 000,000 Now, in addition to
this, large amounts were drawn (rom the useful
purposes of circulation, and applied to articles of
ornament From the t?bles of Mr. Gallatin, i'
appeared th?t the precious metals employed for
other purposes than that of a circulating medium
were, in 1830, estimated by various wmers at from
$3,320 000 000 to $4,500,000 000. According,
therefore, to the lowest estimate, twice as much of
'he precious metáis were wasted in luxuries as were
employed in furnishing a circulation to the country.
In the United States the amount of com was esti-
mated at $80,000,000.
If the gold and silver in the shape of ware were
double as much, then there was $160,000,000
among us melted up into articles of luxury and
ornament. He was informed that the cashier of a
small bank had stated that #1,000 per week was
drawn from his institution, for the purpose of being
melted and manufactured into gold and silver plate.
He called the attention of the people to these facts.
He believed that, whilst the tax wh ch he had pro-
posed would produce revenue, the Constitution
imposed no barrier to its attainment, and the effect
would be a gradual diminution of the use and
consumption of the precious metals in articles of
show. We should not hear of bank presidents
receiving $30 000 m plate, is presents, but the
metal thus applied would find it-, way to the mint,
and be converted into eagles, half-eagles, aad quar-
ter-eagle , dollars, halves, quarters, and dimes.
Moreover the drain on the banks for precious
metals would be d mimshed. He avowed his pur-
pose to call the attention of die peop'e to one of
the reasons why they hal not in adequate supply
of th® precious metal . After adopting the meas-
ure he had proposed here, he would open nego-
tiations with foreign Governments, to induce them
to impose a similar tax.
Mr EVANS observed that thi-- ?mendment pro-
posed an excise, as the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri proposed a stamp .ict He might
object to both, that they had no business ía a bill
to collect a revenue from imports. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi is to put a
direct tax of 20 per cent on gold and silverware.
And this is to be collected by the mar-hal, col-
lector, sheriff, coroner, and Slate officers of the
S'a es, who are to be thrusting themselves into every
man's house to hunt up the gold and silver ware
in use, and take it all away for the Government
in the course of five years. Gentlemen com-
plained greatly of invading th« pr vileges of old
ladies, and depnv ng them of their tea, coffee, and
knitting m edles But here they are to send the
public officers every ve->r, and make the old lady
produce her spnoni Perhaps she h"s but a dozen
in the beginning; but she is to give up something
more than two of them every year, till all are
gone, and then ^he is to ceme do vn to the iron
age Why «houtd people be derived of the right
of doing as they pleased with their gold and silver?
Can the Senator be serious ¡n his arendment?
If he is, why not tax those who hoard up gold and
silver money, ss well as gold and s>her ware?
Mr WALKER w^s aware that no amendment
which m ght be offered to this bal could be adopted.
He knew it had been ordained on the ot^er side.
What was the object of the proceedings on this
bilí? Wa it to embarrass the President, or, as in
i'.e case of ihe apportionment oill, to deprive the
Boa'-e of the power to amend i ' He wished the
country ti know that tie majority here had reso-
luiely resisted all motions to anierd this bill.
In reply t0 t„e question of the Senator, asking
him whether he was serious in his proposition, he
would s?y that me Senator would one day find that
the people were serious enough in their conviction
ot its expediency Since he tirst offered this prop-
osition, four months ago, as an amendment to
another bill, he had received more la ers from dif-
ferent parts of the country, exp^essm? approbation
of hi  object, than ever before m relation to any
other measure, and be had received the testimo-
nials ot several public meetings m its behali.
The Semtor hid a=ked if he would send the
marshals of the Government to the houses of the
people, to take a 1 st of their" property. He did
not propose pny snch thing; but, oi ihe contrary,
cTtp'-ess y named the county rfficers to perform the
duty of making the assessment and collections.
AH that these officers wou'd hate lo do, would be
11 asían pddiücnslqaestion, ' What is the amount
of your poid and silver plate, anl ware?" He
migh a'k, whom did the Senator and hi  friends pro-
pose to send in o every man'  house? By this bill,
he steals into every mau'  house, and gets 30 and
40 per cent, tax upon every article there used. The
poor man knows not how much he has paid, for
the tax-gatherer is unseen.   On the contrary, the
