COJf CtRESSIOJf AL &LOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1842.
Volume 11*..-No, 54.
Continued from No S3,
redaction of duties, resulting from the operation of
the compromise act, notwithstanding the various
impediments arising from bank expansions and
contractions, and other counteracting operations.
This bill was a return, in the fare of all these evi-
dences of the advantages of comparatively free
trade—of the iniquity of the prohibitory system—
to the protective system ; and that, too, in the most
odious form.
He pointed out what might easily have been the
relief to the treasury from the land fund—what
might have been the relief from retrenchment oí
expenditures—had not the policy and determina-
tion of the party now in power been to increase
expenditures, and thereby to create a necessity for
passing this bill for protection, and to create a
debt which will require a national bank to man-
age it.
He pointed out the difference between a avenue
tariff and a protective tariff. Revenue is friendly
to importation; protection is hostile to it. He
showed how glaring were the fallacies (f all argu-
ments in favor of dutieb for protection—how ab-
surd as a source of revenue.
In laying duties, there are two pom's which will
give the same amount of revenue—a maximum
point for revenue, and a minimum point for rev-
enue. If the maximum is transcended, importa-
tions are diminished and revenue diminished. If
the minimum is reduced, the reveise takes place.
Every increase of duty above the maximum for
revenue, is a tax exclusively for protection, and,
consequently, antagonist to revenue.
The complaint of the manufacturers is, that
prices are too low. To raise prices, they ask for
monopolies. They might as well ask for leave to
plunder. What right has Congress to give them
this aid—this charity—this right to levy a boanty
for themselves, at the expense of the consumei?
Is this right found in the Constitution? But, if
such a thing could constitutionally be done, is not
Congress bound first to inquire whether what the
claimants of protection state is true or noi' H<is it
been ascertained that prices are too low to sustain
manufacturéis, or that the protection ^demanded is
at all necessary? Instead oí making these in-
quiries, the manufacturers have been asked how
much duties thev wish for, and not a question has
been asked on the other side: thus allowing Gov-
ernment to be made the instrument in the bands of
one branch oí the community, for transferring
money into its pockets from the pockets of the
other branches of the community. Such propositions
have ever had their advocates and their arguments,
as they now have.
The real competition is, not with foreigners, but
with our own community; it is between one branch
of home industry and another. Cut off exports,
and there will be no imports; neither would there
be foreign competition nor home competition. It
is asked that all the exchange which brings m im-
ports shall be taxed for the protection of manufac-
turers. The exports from the soil of this country
cannot be estimated at less than 100 mil'ions of
dollars—proceeding from the labor and cultivation
of the soil, going abroad, and reproducing itself in
imports. Here is a braneh of industry, ten to one
greater than that from manufactures. But protec-
tion is hostile to imports, and consequently to ex-
ports- then it i  hostile to the industry of the ten,
and fallaciously and fatally friendly to the one.
He was not hostile to manufacturers. He was no
enemy—he was an enlightened friend, unwilling to
see a course pursued, which musí reflect back in-
juriously on the manufacturer.
He proved that the effects, of protection were to
run through m four years, and then prove such a
fallacy as to cause a fresh cry for increased protec-
tion; and that the end of the necessity for stimu-
lants could no more be reached than the end of the
drunkard's thirst for brandy. It is in vain for him
to promise that th's bottle shall be the last. When
he drinks it, he is more clamorous than before for
another last bottle; and so on, till he destroys him-
self.
Mr. C. entered into many details to show the
fallacy of protection. But arguing on the mass of
productions, and the effect of this bill on agricul-
tural industry, was not so easily understood as
taking a single item, and showing the effect on it.
He would, therefore, select cotton as an illustration.
This bill, by prohibiting, to a certain extent,
imports, diminishes export ; the cotton-grower's
production must be diminished, to meet his dimin-
ished demand for exportation. Ashe diminishes
production, he must economize. To effect this,
he must restrict and lessen his expenditures out-
side of his plantation He must raise his own
necessaries cf life, and spend less upon the pro-
ductions of manufactures. Thus ihe great law cf
retributive justice comes down upon the heads of
the manufacturers, who are the cause of all this
cramping of home industry from mistaken and self-
ish views. There will be no part of the community
so disappointed as the manufacturers themselves
They will destroy their own market. Part of it will
be irretiievably destroyed. This he further illus-
trated, by pointing out the effects of such a policy
in withering up the giowing consumption for ihe
great staple of ihe country, resulting from the for-
eign demand
He showed that other great agricultural interests
would suffer alike—such as the tdbacpo interest,
the navigating interest, and the sugar and gram
growing inteiests.
He would say to the opposite gentlemen—Encour-
age ihe foreign commerce of the country; leave tue
home commerce to itself, and it will nourish more
successfully without any stimulants, than it ever
can by protective duties. It is only the country
which can export in competition with all the world,
that can outstrip other nauons in prosperity. Was
not the s'ruggle of every other enlightened nation to
throw eff those fetters which are now to b- nvetted
on the producing mtere ts of this country by this
bill?
You must encourage a sound currency and low
taxes; you must encourage youi foreign commerce.
Young as you are as a nation, you are full grown
in your manufactures. You must have a foreign
market for the products of your soil, or you cannot
give sustenance to your manufactures.
Mr. C. illustrated this in. a novel and striking
manner.
The party m powei was a high and influential
party. Among other things in its. system of policy,
a high tariff was pronounced a blessing on the
country. Acting up to this policy, what cared they
how extravagant were expenditures, when every ex-
penditure added to the tauff1 What cared they for
wastefulness, when every waste added to ihe tariff?
What caied they for running in debt and borrow-
ing, when that debt and that borrowing added to
the tariff*
Why had he raised his voice on this occasioB?
Not that he hoped to stop tae progress of this bill,
for he knew that, if the voice of an angel called for
its arrest, it would not be arrested. But he raised
his voice for the dissemination of great truths,
which, he knew, must ultimately prevail.
Mr. EVANS observed that, if any other gentle-
man on the opposite side felt disposed to address
the Senate on the passage of this bill, he would
cheerfully yield the floor
Mr BENTON folio sed the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhods,] and spoks about an hour
against the bill A full report of his speech can-
not be prepared to-day, at present, we can only no-
tice a few of its leading points. He commenced
with vindicating the tariff act of 1828 from the
charge made against it by the Senator from South
Carolina, that this act produced the surplus reve-
nue which had done so much mischief in the coun-
try. Mr. B. admitted the mischief; but said that
the surplus arose from the lands, not the customs;
and was the result of receiving paper money for
lands, until the specie circular reduced their sales.
In support of this opinion, he read the following
raMe of the receipts from lands and customs, from
1828 to 1837:
Years.           Cus'ims                 Lands.
1828          023,205 523           $1,018,308
1839            22 681,465             1,517 175
1830             21 923 391             2,329 356
1831             24,214,441             3,210 815
1832             28,465,237            2 623 381
1833             29 032 508             3,947,622
1834             16 214 957            4 857 610
1835             19 391,310           14 757,600
1836             23 409 940           24 877 179
1837             11,169,290             6,776 236
Mr. B. said the act of 1828 had its  fault ; but
not that of producing the surplus, which took piace
after the compromise of 1833, and resulted from
the lands, as the table showed He said, also,
there was an excuse for it with those who were de-
termined upon the payment of the public debt,
then amounting to 70 millions, and was paid off in
1835. Mr. B sail that payment of the debt was
a great object with many of those who voted for
the act of 1828—not for the mere name of it, but
for the substantial advantage of reducing duties
when it was paid. This reduction General Jack-
son proposed to make, and to make it upon the
principle of discriminating between luxuries and
necessaries, and giving incidental protection to
home industry. He was for incidental protection,
resulting from a fair revenue duty; and read an
extract from the address of the Republican conven-
tion in Virginia, in March, 1839, as containing
what he believed to be the old principles of ihe
Democratic party, found in the act of 1789, and in
subsequent revenue acts.
"Nor la the tariff question finally adjusted, for it must be rec-
ollected that the compromise act expires in 1842, and before that
period arrives Kb provisions must be revised and resetted It
may happen, it a wise policy prevails, that our manufacturing
biethrenof the North and West will be content with such inci-
dental p> election as will be afforded by dtuies laid to supply
the constitutional wants of the Government But it is impossibla
to foresee what direction may be given to that subject by wily
politicians, and the importunate demands oí interested petltioa-
ers"
Mr. B took up the concluding words of this
extract, and said, what the able men who signed it
could not foresee, was now revealed to us. The
wily politicians and the interested petitioners had
produced the monstrous bill before them, and the
monstrous manner in which it was passed. This
called from Mr. B. asevere examination of the
bill, with a contrast between the primees and
performances of the gentlemen who had got pos-
session of the Government. He displayed the
character of the bill, being for protection direct,
and not for revenue; and also for being political, m
producing a certain effect upon the President. He
classed its series under three heads—-intrinsic
iniquities—conjunction with the lands—and the
mode of ¡ts passage. He explored each of these
heads, and on the latter was vehement and emphatic
in denouncing it as passed out of doors, and no
amendment allowed in the Senate, or chance given
for it to get back to the House, that they might
correct what they found to be wrong. He treated
it as a violation of the Constitution to pass laws in
this way—out of doors; and declared that he and
his friends had never controlled any one's vote in
caucus. He said they met m caucus; but it was
to decide upon the conduct of business, and not to
govern any Senator's vote. He said ten States on
this floor had been deprived of their legislative
authority in making this tax bill of 54 pages, and
that, by a vote out of doors—the vote which de-
cided that no amendment should be made to the
bill and even that the eighteen amendments pro-
posed by the Committee on Finance should be
rejected by the votes of the committee themselves!
Mr. B. said that the design m preventing amend-
ments must be for one of two purposes, either to
send the bill to the President as it was, to produce
