850
some political effect from bis nation upon it, or to
prevent (he House of Representares from retouch-
ing or amending their own work In either event,
he ireatsd the conduct of the majority as factious
and unconstitutional. But we have not space nor
time for further notice of his speech in this running
report He corcuded by saying that, after this
bill was pa^ed, (if it did pass,) the United States
would sit f r the picure of taxation, which bad
been drawn in the Edinburgh Review some years
ago. Mr B. read the extract, as follow-; stating
that we had one thing to add, wh ch was not found
in the Eog'i a picm-e—and that was salt. Salt
was, free in England' it was heavily and unequally
taxed here. In all the rest, the pictures were pretty
much alike. He showed an English paper con'ara
mg Sir Robert Peel's late tariff, and said that our
bill was longer than his, aud had a drag net section
at the end of it, to catch all that was forgotten, and
put 20 per cent, upon it. The following was the
extract:
"Taxes upon every article which enters into the mouth, 01
covers the back, or ia¡ laced under the^oot Taxesupone?ery
thing which it i ple sant to see, hear, feel, smell, or taste Taxes
upon waimth tig if, and locomotion Taxes on eveiy thing
on earth, and the w iters un ler the earth on every thing that
«ornes from abroad, or is giown at home Taxe&ou the law
matenal taxes on every fresh value that is added to it by the
industry of n an 1 a\es on the sauce which pampers a Mian's
appe lte and the drug that restores him tohealth ontheermine
which decorates the judge and the rope which hangs the
criminal on the brass nails of the cofhn, and the ribands oí
the bride At bed or boat', levant or couchant, we must pay
*l he school boy whips his taxed tory the beardless youth
manages his taxed hoise, with a taxed bridle, on a taxed road
The dying Englishman pours his medicine, which has paid 7
per centum, mto a spoon that has paid 15 per centum, flings
aiimself back upon his chintz bed which has paid 22 per cen
turn, makes his will on m £&stamp, and expires m the arms
t*f an apothecaiy who has paid ahcense of .£100 for the pnvi
lege of putting him to death His whole propei ty is then imme
diately taxed Irom 2 to 10 pel centum Besides the probate,
large fees are dumaode I lor buiying him m the chancel, his
virtues are Inn led down to posteuty on taxed marble, aud he
is then gathered to his tathtis, to be taxed no more "
Mr. WALKER moved a resolution, to the effect
that the bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Finance, with instructions to strike out the
clause imposing a duty on ten and coffee, and to in-
sert a clause imposing a tax for revenue apon all
gold and silver ware exceeding in value $100, pro-
vided the amount received from such tax do not
exceed 'he amount which it is estimated would be
collected from the duty on tea and coffee.
Mr. Walker would say but a single word upon
the subject. Trie objection made to the bill by its
opponents., and even by some of its friends, was—
that the amount proposed to be raited by it was too
large The olject which his amendment had in
view was not to increase the amount of taxes to be
levied, but merely to substitute one description of
tax foi notaer, with a view to revenue, and not to
prohib' ton. it was estimated that the tax on tea
and coffee would produce a revenue of about two
millions anda quarter of dollars. Now, it would
require a very light revenue tax indeed upon cer-
tain articles of luxury, to make up this amount.
His motion was intended to substitute a tax upon
luxury, in plate of a tax upon industry—to com
pel the wealthy and the ostentatious to pay a tax
upon their gold and silver ware, in place of ma-
king tbe laborer pay a tax upon the tea and coffee
that he drinks, and which is a part of his ordinary
sustenance.
Gentlemen must choose between the two, as it
was imperative upon them to provide the means of
raising t'ns amount of revenue By his proposition,
the laiies would still have their silver table and tea
spoons exemptfrom taxes, as it was intended to ap-
ply only to those who used upwards of $100 worth
of suver ware, but it would not exempt the gold.
And hv hoped that those gentlemen on the other
idt—some of whom, or of whose party, at least,
had so violently denounced a former Chief Magis-
tral  of this Union for the u>e of gold spoons,
(though, m reality, the spoons he used were only
gilt,)—v Ould not now object to a tax being put upon
gold w/e. When the question was between tax-
ing suxh luxuries, (for the use of such expensive
article cou'd be considered nothing else,) and taxing
ihe s*e„t of the pot r man's brow, he hoped there
would be no hesitation He had examined various
tables and statistics upon the subject of the precious
metals, and he found that tbe whole amount ex-
tant m the world was, as nearly as could be as-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
certained, $6 200 000 000; and that, of thatamount,
aba at two lhirds (or $4,620,000,000) were circula-
ted m the shape of coin, the remaining $1,580,-
000 000 being manufactured into various articles
of utility and of ornament. Taking the same ra-
tio, then, to exist in the United States, for the
$80 000,000 of gold and silver coin, there would be
upwards of $23 000,000 tf gold and silver waie,
though he was inclined to believe the amount of the
latter would be csnsiderably less in this country,
because ihe habí s of the American peop'e were not
so luxurious as those of the nations of Europe,
whose subjects were starving for bread—wh"ie, at
an entertainment given by a single potentate, the
gold and silver plate employed was stated to have
been worih a million and a half of dollars. He had
underslood, however, that the value cf the precious
metals used in this way, by one of the dignitaries
of the monster Bank, was equal.to $30,000. Ad-
mitting, then, the proportion was, in this country,
about one sixth of the amount of the coin, and the
tax from this source alone would produce a rev-
enue equal to that derivable from ihe duty on tea
aud coffee He intended that the tables and statis-
tics he had adverted to should reach every man in
the country And be intended to pursue the sub-
ject here, and a certain whether gentlemen were in
favor of taxing the necessaries of life, in prefei-
ence to substituting for them a tax upon these arti-
cles of mere luxury There were various ra< des
of reducing the quantity of coin in circulation,
a d, as a necessary consequence, reducing the
priest of labor in any country. One was, by sub-
stituting depreciated and depreciating bank paper;
and anoiher, by melting it up and converting it
into articles of household use. He would detain
the Senate no longer on tbe subject, the details he
had left entirely to the committee.
He demanded the yeas and nays on the motion,
which were ordered; and the question being put,
it was decided in the negative—yeas 13, nays 26,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton Buchanan, Cuthbert, Ful
ton, King, Lmn, McRoberts, fttuigeon, Walkei, William ,
Woodbury, and Young—13
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Coniad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton Evans,
Huntington, Keir, Mangum Merrick, Miller,Phelps, Preston,
Rives Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,Ta3Imadge, White,
and Woodbridge—26
The question recurring on the passage of the bill,
Mr Bt CHAÑAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
Mr EVANS then rose and addressed the Senate.
He had hoped that this bill would have been suf-
fered to proceed, without adverting to the past con-
troversies of parties. He, himself, had abstained
from such allusions, and would continue t® do so.
He ihould not have risen now, had it not been ne-
cessary for him, in the briefest posible manner, to
answer a few remarks made by the Senators from
South Carolina [Mr Calhoun] and Mi«<oun [Mr.
Benton ] They had asked where were those re-
trenchments and reductions which had been prom-
ised by the party now in power, when it was in the
pursuit of power? He (Mr E ) would have expected
that they would at least wait till the books for one
year had been made up. When the books shall
have been made up, he would assure the gentlemen
that they would find that considerable retrench-
ments had been made—consideiable reductions in
every department of the Government. The party
in power had had to pay off arrearages left by
their predecessors, and to provide for their debts
The charges made against the patty now in power
bad been repeatedly refuted. But, as one of the
most popular writers of the present day had said,
there is nothing so tenacious of life as popular
errors. Kill them here to-day, and you meet them
to morrow, a hundred miles off, as full of life and
vigor as if they never had been killed.
Mr E entered into details of the appropriations
of the late Administration to be met by this Ad-
m ms'ration,and also details of the revenue left to
meet their appropriations.
Five mi t'ons of treasury notes, and 13 or 14
millions of revenue, were all that the late Admin-
istration left to meet their SO millions of appropria-
tions and outstanding debt and arrearages; and be-
cause tbe party now in power have had to raise
means to meet these demands on the treasury, they
are denounced as promoting extravagance, to raise
tariff for protection.
The Senator from Missouri talked of this new
imposition of twenty-seven millions of dollars. It
is but a revision of the tariff, adding not more than
seven millions of dollars to the taxation derived
from duties on imports. Much is gained by the
correction of frauds, which the Senator from New
Hampshire, while Secretary of the Treasury, could
not induce his Congress to correct.
All he (Mr. E ) asked, was revenue enough to
pay the debts left by the late Administration, and
pay all expenditures for the ordinary purposes of
the Government Gwe him the same revenue, and
the fame capital to expend, which that Adminis-
tration had had, and he would engage to have sur-
plus enough to distribute the proceeds of the lands
f >r the benefit of the States, without feeling any
inconvenience
He would rot en er into crimination or recrimi-
nation, for he considered such a course out of place
on íü occasion like this
When the gentlemen oppo ite were asked what
they would piopose for the support of the Govern-
ment, and relief of ihe treasury from Us present
embarrassment , the Senator from South Carolina
rep'ied that, «hen expenditures were brought down
to the minimum, and the land fund was restored
to the treasury, he would 'ell what he would do.
The Senator from New Hampshire came more to
the point, and said he would rot go higher than 20
per cent in duties for rever-ue, and, it more was
needed, he would go for direct taxes. That Sena-
tor thought there was a natural standard of reve-
nue—part from imports and part from direct taxes
—something like a proportion of two thirds of one,
and one-third of the other
The direct taxes of the Sta'es are already thirt)-
two millions for S ate purposes. If one-third of
the requisite revenue for the General Government
be added, it will bring the amount up *o someonng
like forty millions—leaving but seventeen millions
to be collected by duties on imports. Here would
be a system of direct taxation most oppressive in
its character, and it ought to go to the people to
show by whom it is proposed
Mr. E. adverted, somewhat m detail, to the ar-
guments of the Senator from South Carolina, and
to those of the Senator from Missouri, denying
that greater prosperity existed now, than did pre-
vious to the passage of the compromise act
He stated that the duties were now lower than
they ever had been,yet no increase of importations
had taken place. Instead ot increased prosperity,
everythug was going down. There is no bank
now, no high taxes, plenty of money was to be had
in the large cities, ¡f there was any business to call
for it; but it was lying idle. What evidence was
all this of ¡he blessing of low taxes? During 1833,
'34, '35,'36, '37 the prices weie high, and the
country was prosperous, but these were not times
of low duties. The average of dutiss was higher
during those years, than that of the present tariff
bi 1, for tbe reduction under the compromise act
was very inconsiderable until the last two years.
He did not see how a nation could be írjured by
having a balance in us favor between its exports
and its imports, to be paid m gold and silver. It
was just as it is between two laborers: when the labor
of one is counted against the labor of the other, if
a balance is due to one, it is fair it should be paid
in specie, that he may have it to meet his debts
and his taxes. When a balance is received by a
nation in gold and silver, if it occurs according to
the natural operations of trade, it must be an ad-
vantage—or he should read his books of political
economy again
Such tables as*had been quoted showed nothing
definitely They only showed the quantity of
busiress done, bat did not show whether that busi-
ness was done at a loss or gam.
The Senator from South Carolina had said that
the amount of the annual exports of the country
was one hundred millions But the productions of
the country were two thousand millions, and out
of this two thousand millions, one hundred mil-
lions ouly are exponed, leaving nineteen hundred
millions to be consumed at home.   Yet the wools
