CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
prosperity of Ibe country is said to be dependent on
this one hundred millions of exports The Senator
imagines that ¡he interests involved intnose one hun-
dred millions are ten to ose, compared with the
manufactures. If the Senator calculates all the
artisans, artists, merchants, farmers, laborevs, and
consumers dependent on the manufacturers, he will
find his estimate of ten to one ought to be re-
versed.
The Senator thinks prices may be very low, and
wages very high. Such a thing may be within the
limits of possibility, but not of probability. He,
on, the contrary, thought if there was a reduction
oí prices, the very first thing to feel the reduction
was wages. He adverted to the distress prevailing
in England, in proof of this.
The great test of the prosperity of a country
was, in his mmd, the high price of wages. What
is to keep up the price of wages but high prices?
But now a new doctrine is broached—that low
prices and low wages are blesmngs It is necessa-
ry to have these blessings, that our products may
be exported. What was the use of sending our
products abroad at low prices? Why send any-
thing abroad that can be consumed at home on
more remunerating term ? Why should we sup-
pose that, while we consume nineteen hundred
millions of our products at home, we are to go to
destruction because our exports of one hundred
millions are not kept up?
If he read ihe signs of the times aright, he came
to a different conclusion from that at which the
Senator has arrived, when he asserts that nations
are throwing off their trammels on trade He
(Mr. E ) believed the reverse, he believed that the
majority of nations were adopting the protective
system, and becoming ihe.r own manufacturers.
He read a table of the consumption, per head,
of British manufaetures, b/ other nation*    Whi¡e
other nations, in  ihis consumption, range   froci
seven to ten cerus per head, the United States con- .
sumes, per head, oí Bnti h manufactures, $4 02
Tne doctrine now is, let England supply herself
and supply us, and all we are to a'k her to take
is 100 millions of our products, leaving us to con-
sume 1,900 millions ourselves.
Gentlemen talk of protection. Who are the pro-
tectors? Who but the manufacturers? They have
protected the country against high prices and fluc-
tuations, and against that influx of foreign fabrics,
which drained away our gold and silver. He did
not say all this in support of ibe present bill, for
he had not introduced it as a protective bill, but as
a revenue bill.
The Senator says "truth is mighty, and will pre-
vail." He (Mr. É.) thought so too He could see'
in the growing convictions rf the whole people,
that protection would, before iODg, prevail—not to
the lDjury of lb." Senate's cotton interests, but
for their advantage, as we 1 as for that of the whole
community.
Mr. WOODBURY said that the Senator from
Maine had been pleased to notice him by some
personal allusions, which demanded  a brief reply.
But, in the course of that Senator's long address,
Mr. W would cheerfully conceda that he had
made one very j ^sf remark, in saying that some
things were not suitable to this oecas on
Mr. W respectfully suggested that, among
such things, might be consideied th  voting here
against numerous amendments to this bill by any
person who had voted elsewhere for them.
He would further take the liberty to express an
opinion that it was not altogether suitable to this
occasion, when twenty-seven mill.ons of taxes were
imposed on an embarrassed people, to insist on
accompanying them with one provision about the
land__to givr away, rather thin collect revenue;
and thus, without necessity, mererse the public
burdens by the Generl Government near three
millions of dollars, as well as endanger the final
passage of the «hole bill, ?nd ihe rescue of our
national credit from its present shameiul disgrace.
He felt forced, also, to add, so far as regarded the
personal i enactions on him, that it did not seem smt-
Me to the occasion, or the place, to resort to perver-
sion or ridicule of arguments, wliicn no power had
been shown to refute And when a gentleman |
talked of the natural couro of things, or the natural \\
order of things, as having been urged by others in
favor of a po-uiion, it might be useful to remember
that it was often said to be the nativral ceurse of
things amoDg a certain grade in the profession at
the bar, to resort to misconception and ridicule
only when other means failed.
Mr W. had said nothing whatever, as had been
represented, of any natural rate of duty. But what
he, in fact, did say, was, that the rate of 20 per
cent, had been expressly agreed on in the com-
promise act as a just and sufficiently high rate on
imports; that the opinions of such distinguished
statesmen as were engaged in that compromise,
and had then, as well as since, approved it, (and
for "whose conduct there had recently been claimed
great glory,) were entitled to much respeci, that
several nations abroad had fixed on a rate below,
or no higher than 20 per cent., and that this was
quite a high proportion of taxation on that kind of
property, compared with what was usually imposed
m this country on other property.
Was not this fair reasoning? And had the force
of it betn met by a single argument?
Why, sir, one fact is demonstrative of its correct-
ness. Computing, as many have, the whole prop-
erly in the Union at four thousand millions of dol-
lars,—a tax of 20 per cent on all that, would yield
eight hundred millions; whertas not over seventy
or eighty millions of taxes, of all kinds, will be
collected yearly in the United States, even if this
bill passes That is not one tenth so much as you
would impose on imports by a rate of only 20 per
cent.
Is that not «refutable evidence that 20 per cent.
is quite h gh enough, and even too high, for a fair
proportion of taxation on imports alone?
But the Spnator remarked, that my argument
appeared to be in favor of some extent of direct
taxation at this time Now, sir, so far from that,I
stated in my first speech, and repeated, in leply to
another Senator, [Mr Simmons,] that my opinions
were, that no direct taxes were, at this time, either
proper or necessary. They were not so, because
the proceeds of the lands, and a duty of 20 per
cent., would probably yield enough to meet all the
expenses of the Government, if administered eco-
nomically.
Thus, take back the lands, and properly adver-
tise new tracts for sale, and you obtain at least,
yearly,          ....   $3,000,000
Impose only 20 per cent, on all im-
ports, except bullion and a few
othei free articles, and you will col-
lect fiom that source <-t least         -   18,500 000
These together make             -           -   21,500 000
It will be so large a net revenue as the above,
if the imports not free and consumed in the
country are a hundred millions, as they doubt-
less will be if the duty remains so low That
aggregate cf twenty-one millions and a half will
pay eighleen to nineteen millions of ordinary ex-
penses That is expense enough and more than
an ample balance to discharge all the interest on
the public debt will then be left.
The Senator a«ked me, on a former occasion,
how the present debt would be met'
I would meet its interest in this way, and, be-
sides, part of the puncipal. As the expenses are
more reduced, or the sales of land* higher in sub-
sequent years, I would discharge all the principal
before it falls due.
It is only by giving away the lands, and mcur-
i,ng wasteful expenses, that any necessity whatever
will anse to resoit to direct taxes for the balancs
beyond what the imports will thus yield
Again, the Senator sajs that we commend the
prosperous influences of low dunes on agriculture
and commerce, when we have had no experience
oi low duties till within tne last one or two years.
What, sir' Was not the duty on tea, coffee, &c ,
Much lowered after 1828—even as long ago as 1830'
Was there not another large reduction on many
other articles in 1832? and a still larger m 1832'
In .he last year, also, near half of our whole im-
ports became entirely free. Was not this a state
of compaiatively low duties, when fifty to seventy
millions paid nothing  t all, and the rest was
put in a progress of biennial reduction? Let it
be remembered, then, as a consequence in part
from this, that no nation in the tide of time has
ever witnessed a greater impulse to agriculture—-
to exports and imports—to commerce and nav-
igation of all kinds, than followed this.
But the gentleman dwells on the nature of error;
that, after once killed, it revives elsewhere m fresh
life. Indeed, sir, its ghost has reappeared new, on
the other side. We have had a striking illustra-
tion of this, in the gentlemanN own course, in re-
suscitating again (for the tenth time, I believe) the
exploded and refuted aiguments m favor of the,
necessity for an extra session, to make the expendi-
tures and means of the year 1841 meet. But the
whole truth of the case is this- The year 1841 be-
gan with a balance of money on hand—something
more than one million, and on the 4th of March,
nearly as much remained. Beside that, a power
to issue treasury notes equal to five millions, re-
mained on the 4th of March.
Wow, sir, here are six millions ef means at that
date:
Means on 4th March, 1841     -           -$6 000,000
Customs yielded the whole year           - 14,800,000
Lands, if advertised, would have yield-
ed at least   -                                        3,000,000
Miscellaneous and bank debts, if col-
leced         -           -           -           -      200,000
Making an aggregate of          - 24 000 000
The customs are actual receipts,^and were very
Tittle increased by the new tariff in September; as
all the duties assessed under that, excej t very
tiiflmg «urns, were put on a credit of three and six
month , and not collected till 1843
The lands, if duly advertised, as in 1840 and
previous years, to the extent of eight or ten millions
of acres yearly, would probably have furni hed
more than three millions, as ihey did m each ot
the embariassed years after 1836 But, instead of
doing this in 1841, scarce one new advertí ementwas
issued after March, and some old ones were re-
called. Now, would not these twenty four millions
have discharged all proper expenses, had there
been no steps taken to increase them, and no extra
session? Easily, sir. For the ordinary expenses
were estimated as not likely to exceed nineteen mil-
lions and one-fourth. Oe the reduced new ap-
propriations made, of less than eigiteen mil'ions,
they need not have exceeded the e^ ia die much, i£
any. In that event, four millio.is and a fourth
would have remained as a balance to redeem not
much over three to four millions of treasury notes
which might fall due in 1841, and be presented,
and no power remain to issue others in their itead.
A million still might be left to cover contingen-
cies, or as a balance on hand.
A word as to the expenses of the previous four
years, compared with their receipts, and I have
done.
The gentleman contends that the former far ex-
ceeded the latter, from lands and easterns. Grant-
ed. But they did not exceed those ard our other
means on hand united. On the contrary, we de-
posited with the States over twenty-eight millions of
public money which we had in possession, and
still incurred a debt of only four or five millions.
That deposite was one root of all the present evils.
That money should never have been divided araong
the States. It was a Pandora's box. It was a great
cause of the suspension of specie paj ments, by
means of the immense sums obliged so soon to
be collected and paid over, and plac°d in new po-
sitions, new hands, and new channels It embar-
rassed everybody, and relieved nobody Had it
remained, and been gradually applied to pioper
public works, not only the wreck of the banks in
1837 might have been averted, but any necessi-
ty for treasury notes since, and for tie present ac-
cumulating debt of the General Government and
for much of the prodigal waste and bankruptcy
into which some of the States wire tempted by that
unfortunate distribution.
Mr. EVANS was sorry to have disturbed the
equanimity of the honorable Senator, he had
had no idea of doing so, nor was it his pul-
póse to ridicule the arguments o£ the Senator.
