urn
Be [Mr. Woodbury] had said that, among un-
suitable things, it was not suitable to this oc-
casion to vote against the amendments in this
body which were voted for ia cimmittee. He
woold not dwell upon the breach of order in ad-
verting to what had occurred in committee. Of
this he did not complain He was against any
am-ndments in the committee; but when the ma-
jority cf the committee decided on certain amend-
ments, he supported them. The majority of
the committee had voted in this body for these
amendments But he had not deemed any
of them sufficiently important to delay the
bill at this lale hour of the session. The Senator
from Missouri had complained of ten States
bemg'obhterated—annihilated He (Mr E ) did
not fiad their twenty Serators obliterated—they had
been uncommonly vigorous for the last two or
thiee days, and had given the supporters of the
bill a great deal of trouble If it was right for the
minority to carry a b II, he wished the Ssnator
had thought of that some few years ago, when he
(Mr. E ) and his friends were in the minority.
Mr. SIMMONS and Mr WRIGHT made a
few remarks—the latter stating his anxiety to see
the vote taken, as some excuse for postponing to
another occasion a few inquine-* he had to make
of the chairman of the Finance Committee.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and it was passed—yeas 25, nays 23, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Hunting
ton, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Milter, Morehead, Phelps, Por
ter, Simmons Smith of Indiana, Sprasue, Tallmadee.
White and Woodbridge—25
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham, King, kmn, McR >berts, Preaton,
Rives, Sevier, Smith of Conned  ut, Sturgeon, I appan Walker,
Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wrieht, and Young—23
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, August 5, 1842.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted a resolution, in-
structing the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads to inquire into the expediency of making
the road from Manchester, by Westchester and
Candía, to South Deerfield, in the State of New
Hampshire, a post-route. The resolution was
agreed to
Mr. MILTON BROWN, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported, with amendments, the
bill to divide the State of Kentucky into two judi-
cial districts The bill was committed to the
Commit ee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on the Publie Lands, reponed, without amend-
ment, the Senate bill for the relief of Richard Hig-
gins; which was committed to the Committee of
the Whole House.
The regular business of the morning hour was
the debat  on the report of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, in relation to the letter of the Secre-
tary of War declining to transmit to the House
certain papers on the subject of frauds in the In-
dian country.
Mr J COOPER resumed his speech, which was
unfinished at the expiration of the morning hour
yesterday
Mr EVERETT submitled an amendment, to
the effect that the reasons assigned by the Secreta-
ry of War are not satisfactory to this House.
Mr. ADAMS spoke until the expiration of the
morning hour.
The morning hour having expired,
Mr. COWEN observed, that this being the day
when private bills could not be debated, he moved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole, for the purpose of taking up the pri-
vate calendar
Mr SMITH of Virginia called for tellers on
the question, which, being ordered, the vote was
taken, and resulted in ayes 96, noes not counted.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Boabdmak of Connecticut in the
chair,) and acted upon the following bills:
The bill to provide for the payment of the
passage of General Lafayette from France to the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States, m the year 1824, (to Captain Francia
Allyn:) objected to, and laid aside
The bill for the relief of the children of Apelles
Cooper, deceased, objected to, and laid aside
The bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Martha of Eastport, Mame
objected to, and laid aside.
The bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Cod Hook of Blue Hill,
Maine.
The bill to refund to Charles A. Holt a fine im-
posed on him under the sedition law laid aside to
be reported.
The bill for the relief of the legal represent
atives of Captain David Noble, deceased objected
to, and laid aside
The bill from the Senate for the relief of Caro-
line E Clitheroe, widow of Dr George Clitheroe,
late a surgeon in the srmy of the United States-
laid aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of George Hommell. laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Aquilla Goodwin: ob
jected to, and laid aside.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Plummer: laid
aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of Major Thomas Har-
rison, laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of John Jarvis- laid aside
to be reported
The bill for the relief of John Fairham laid aside
to be reported
The bill for the benefit of the devisees of James
Rumsey, deceased, or their hens, laid aside to be re-
ported
The bill for the relief of John McColgan ob-
jected lo, and laid aside.
The bill for the settlement of the claim of the
legal representatives of Richard W. Meade, cb
jected to, and laid aside.
The bill for the relief of the president and
managers of the Nornslown and Valley Railroad
Company laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Hambleton- ob-
jected to, and laid aside.
A bi 1 foi the relief of Jonn H. Mcintosh: laid
aside to I    reported.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Antonio Pacheco, objected to, and
laid aside.
A bill for the relief of the vestry and church-
wardens of the Protestant Episcopal church of the
parish of St. Philip, in Charleston, South Carolina,
laid aside to be repoited.
A bill for the relief of Levi Eldndge and
others   laid aside to be repoited
A bill for the relief of the children of Sergeant
Major JohnJChampe: laid aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Joanna, of Ellsworth, Maine-
objected to.
An act for the relief of Benjamin Murphy: ob-
jected to.
A bill for the benefit of James C. Watson, of
Georgia: objected to, and laid aside.
An act for the relief of certain companies of
Missouri volunteers, commanded by Captains Ste-
venson, Pollard, Sconce, Atchison, and Crawford:
laid aside to be reported in an amended form.
A bill for the relief of William Allen: laid aside,
to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Llojd J Bryan- laid
aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Tompkins- laid
aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin J. Totten: laid
a«ide to be reported
A bill for the relief of Mary Crawford, laid
aside to be reported
A bill granting to Captain James Lowe #1,000
and a section of land: laid aside to be reported.
An act to authonzs the payment of equitab'e
commissions to the agents or attorneys of persons
in whose favor aw aids have been made under three
several treaties between the United States and cer-
tatn foreign powers, which awards have been re-
tained in the treasury in payment of debts due to
the United States: objected to, and laid aside.
An act in favor of Mary Snow: laid aside to be
reported
An act for the relief of Thankful Reynolds: laid
aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Leah Tenure, widow of
Michael Tenure: laid ande to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Ruth Mathiot: laid aside
to be reported. „
A bill for the relief of Joseph Parker: laid aside
to b  reported.
A bill for the relief of Carter B Chandler: laid
aside to be reported
A bill to provide for the payment of the passage
of General Lafayette from France to the United
States, in the year 1824, (Captain Francis Allyn,)
was amended, and laid aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Henry Freeman: laid
aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Sarah White: laid aside.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Byrd: laid aside
to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Alice Usher: laid aside to
be reported.
A bill for the relief of Eve Vandenburghs laid
aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Martha Dameron, widow
of Christopher Tompkins, laid aside to be re-
ported.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Dawkins. laid
aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Richard Marsh- laid aside
to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bonnel! laid aside
to bf reported-
A bill for the relief of Nancy Hambnght: laid
aside to be reported
A b 11 for the rel ef of Tirzah Hunt- laid aside
to be reported.
A bill granting a pension to Joseph Watsou: laid
aside to be repoited
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hogg: objected
to, and laid aside.
A bill for the paymentof seven companies of Geor-
gia militia, for services rendered in the years 1840
and 1841: laid aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of David W. Haley: laid
aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of Ephraim Sprague: laid
aside to be reported.
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the account between the United
States and David Gelston, formerly collector of the
port of New York: laid aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of George W. Paschal:
laid aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of Hezekiah C. Thistle laid
aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of Captain J. Throckmorton:
to be reported, with the recommendation of the
committee that it be rejected.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton:
laid aside to be reported.
A bill for the relief of Allen Rogers: laid aside
jo be reported.
The bill for the relief of William G. Sanders:
laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the
schooner Martha, laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the
schooner Three Brothers: laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Thomas M. Isett: laid
aside to be reported
The bill to provide, m certain cases, for the sale
of the real estate of infants within the District of
Columbia  laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Gorham A. Worth,
one of the sureties of Samuel Edwards, deceased.
laid aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of the inhabitants of West
Florida   objected to, and laid aside.
The bill for the relief of Hazard Knowles: ob-
jected to, and laid aside.
The bill for the relief of Wm Gale: laid aside
to be reported
The bill for the relief of Robert T Norm.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of the Rev. Richard T. Banks of Arkansas: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Teakle Savage, admia-

