COMGBESSiOMAL GLO Bi                                        8^
istrator of Bolitha Laws-   laid aside to be re-
ported.
The bill to authorize Chapman Levy to purchase,
as a pre-emptor, a certain quarter section of land,
now occupied by him, at the minimum price- laid
aside to be reported.
f he bill providing for the payment of the Geor-
gia militia claims: objected to, and laid aside
The bill for the relief of Charles Gordon, of
Belfast, owner of the schooner Two Sons, and the
legal representatives of the crew of said vessel:
laid aside to be reported.
The bill to settle the tules to certain tracts of
land in the State of Arkansas: laid aside to be re-
ported.
The bill for the relief of Orm Prentis*, of Sto-
nington, Connecticut, owner of the schooner Lily,
and the crew of said vessel: laid aside to be re.
ported.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Champhn and
others,owners of the schooner Buffalo: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Josepli Holmes and
others, owner and legal representatives of the crew
of the schooner Industry laid aside to be report-
ed.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Brent, deceased, late consul of the Uni-
ted States at Pans, objected to, and laid aside
The bill for tbe rel'ef of John A. Smith : la d
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Edwin Bartleit, late
consul of tbe United States at Lima, in Peru : laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the benefit of Hie Howard Institu-
tion of the city of Washington : oojected to, and
laid as>de.
The bill for the relief of John Jones: rejected
The bill for the relief of Moses M. Strong . re-
jected.
The bill for the rel ef of ths admimstratois of
John Jackson . laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the reLef of th« If gal representatives
of Robert T. Spence. laid aside to be reported.
. The bill for the relief of Peter Leonbergei : laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief cf John R. Delany. laid
aside to be reported
The bill tor the relief of Hezekiah Cunningham:
laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Haskins and
Ralph Haskins: laid aside to be reported.
The bill lor the relief of John C Reynolds, late
disbursing agent of the Indian Department laid
aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of Jubal B. Hancock. la>d
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Joseph W. Newcomb
laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Valerian Allen, laid
aside to be reported
The bill for ihe relief of Sylvia Underwood,
mother of Lieutenant Underwood, deceased: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of James Mount: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for tbe relief of Susan Broom, laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Reynell Coates and
Walter R. Johnson: amended, and laid aside to be
reported.
The bill for the reLef of Elizabeth Harrr. laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Robert Layton's chil-
dren- laid aside to be reported.
The bill for tht relief of Mary Eldei: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for tbe relief of the widow of Captain
William Royal!, deceased, (Mrs. Ann-) laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the rehef of Prudence Couch: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Anna Jones laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Marion M. Brooks: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Asa Davis- lai i aside to
be reported.
The bill for ¡he relief of David Atkinson, laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Neely. laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of James Sweetman: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Solomon Emerson:
laid aside to be reported.
Tbe bill for the relief of Lyman N. Cook : laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Gideon A Perry: ob
jected to, and laid aside.
Th« bill for the relief of John F. Wiley: amend-
ed, and laid aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of John Hicks: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan P. Horton-
objected to, and laid aside.
The bill for the relief of George Waddell: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Lord: laid aside
to be reported
The bill for the relief of Casper W. Wever:
laid aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Nathaniel Pryor, deceased: objacted to, and laid
aside.
The bill for the relief of Richard Rush: laid
aside to be reported.
Tbe bill for the relief of claimants to indemni-
ties received from the B'ltrsh Government for the
loss of slaves from on board the Comet and Enco-
mium, at Nassau, Bahamas: objected to, and laid
aside.
The bill for the relief of .Tames M Morgan: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of John Drysdale: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Garret Vleit: laid aside
to be rejorted.
Tne bill for the relief of Eh'.ha Moreland, Wil-
liam M. Kennedy, Robert J Kennedy, and Mason
E Lewis   laid aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of Samuel R Slavrnaker:
laid aside to be reported.
Thebillfortheieliefof S D.Rose et al.: laid
aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of Francis A. Harrison-
laid aside to be reported, wnh the recommendation
that it be rejected
The bill for the relief of Barent Stryker- laid
aside to be reported.
Tbe bill for the relief of John Wharry: laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Mary McGee and Susan
Pierce, heirs at law of George Neilson: laid aside
to be reported
T!>e bill to revive an act entitled An act for the
relief of John Davlm- laid aside to be reported.
An act for the relief of Daniel Kleiss. laid aside
to be reported.
The bill authorizing the Secretary ef the Treas-
ury to refund to David Watkinson & Company a
part of the duties imposed on a certain quantity o!
tm and iron imported by them into the port of New
York: laid aside to be repoited.
Tne bill for tbe relief of Sam-iel Billings, owner
of the fishmg schooner Laura. la d aside to be re-
ported.                                                                  ^
The bill for the relief of the owneis, officers, and
crew of Ihe arraed bug Warrior, or iheir legal
representatives, laid aside to be reported.
The bill for th  re'ief of Robert Ramsay, laid
aside to be reported.
Tae bill for the relief of Benjamin Evans, laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Joshua Drew laid aside
to be reported
The bill for the re'ief of Tnomas Copeland: laid
aside to be reported
The bill for the relief of Sarah Parker- laid aside
to be reported.
The bill for the rehef of George Pollen and Rob-
ert Colegate- la d aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Isaac and Thomas J.
Winslow: laid as de to be reported.
An act for th> relief of Alexander|Hammet: laid
aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Burr and Smith: laitt
aside to be reported.
An act to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Joseph Nourse: objected to, and laid,
aside.
Tbe bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Frances Pellicer. laid aside to be report-
ed.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tativesof John Scott, deceased: laid aside to be re-
ported.
The bill for the relief of George Rouse: laid aside
to be reported.
Other bibs from the Senate were ia'd aside to be
repoited, whose tules were not distinctly heard.
On motion by Mr. EVKRETT, the committee
rose, and reported to the House; and the bills that
were reported favorably, were read severally by
their titles, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and those that were reported unfavorably,
were rejected.
Mr. CROSS urged gentlemen to withdraw their
objections to the bill for the relief of Benj"amm
Murphy, which, he said, was a meritorious claim.
It had been pending ten or twelve years, and he
hoped it would be passed
The objections were not withdrawn.
Anbury Dickens, esq , Secretary of the Senate,
appeared with a message fro-n that body, inform-
ing tb« House that the Senate bad passed the tariff
bill.
Tbe House insisted on its disagreement with the
Senate on the bill for thp re organ zation of the
atmy, and appointed a Committee of Conference.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 6, 1842.
Mr SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to shieh had been referred the fol-
lowing House bills, reported the same back wnh-
ou amendment, and with a recomine.idation that
they do not pa's, \iz:
An set granting a quantity of land for the im-
provement i f Grand river, at tae town of Potosí,
in Wisconsin Territory.
An act granting to the Territory of Wiscons'n a
certain tract of land, for the beneSt of the town of
Fairplay, in said Territory; and
An act granting a right of pre eruption fo certain
settlers in Wi«con in.
Mr. S , from the «¡ame committee, to which had
been referred the bill relative to the office of sur-
ve>or general for the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Michigan, reported the same back, wnh an amend-
ment.
Mr. BARROW, from the Commi'tee on Com-
merce, mai'e adverse reports on tne petitions of
Mary B Levely and Will am Jones, which were
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. BATES, from tbe Committee on Pension*,
to which had been referred Hou^c bills for the re-
lief of George Mo'" s of Virginia, and William
Fitzgerald, mace ad'erse reports to their pa sage¡
which were ordered to be ported.
Mr. BATES also, from the same committee, re-
poned back, Kith amendments, and with a reoom-
me-daiion lhat ihey do pas , House bills for the
relief of Elizabeth Colfax and Hannah Carrier.
Mr. CONRAD mad3 an msfftctual effort to
have ihe Senate consider the bul adjusuog 'he title
of the Fust Municipality of New Orleans to a lot
of land in said city.
Tbe bill entitled An act for the prot"C ion of the
public and private property in toe city o* Washing-
ton, wa1* taken up, as in committee of tbe whole.
Mr BAYARD expla ned that this bill was from
tbe House of Representatives, End was designed to
supersede the watchmen employed at the different
departments, and to complete tbe guard, so as to
give greater security to the public and private prop-
erty against incendiary aitempts. Since the pas-
sage of this bill by the other branch of Congress,
the House had passed another bill, making appro-
priations for contingencies not piovided for in the
general appropriation bill, m which is designated a
certain number of watchmen for each of the pub-
lic buildings, and the salaries they shall receive.
