8S6    .           .
«mhi^tiiii......    .....I.....I Hill www^w.......I   '-iiwiiiiii^miiMirti      i    i
sn act passed on 5th July, 1838, authorizing the
issue of a patent to an individual who, under a
mistake, had purchased lands not subject to private
entry He found that this act was reported from
the Committee on Public Lands in the Senate, and
passed both Houses without difficulty. This was
a case, too, where the lands had never been offered
at public sale, and were not therefore legally sub-
ject to private entry, but the purchaser having
entered them in good faith, and under the belief
that they were subject to private entry, the act was
passed granting him relief.
Again: what was the course of this House at
the present session? And where was the vigilant
eye of his colleague, if directed solely to the public
good, as he trusted it ultimately would be, when
he permitted a claim of a similar nature to pass
■without opposition? Sir (said Mr. M ) there was
an application at the present session, by a gentle-
man, (Mr. David Buckner, of Kentucky,) for pat
ents for lands worth more than $100 000, that had
been entered at the Washita lar d disfict, Louis
iana, by two individuals who had assigned them to
him When Mr Buckner came to claim his pat-
ents for these lands, it was ascertained that they
had not been offered at public sale, and were not,
therefore, subject to private entry, and the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office very promptly decided
that they could noi be patented Mr. Buckner
applied to Cungress, the fac's of the case were sub
muted to the House, and a bill was leported for his
relief, which he would read, to show that the very
principles on which it was passed, applied to the
case then before them. Mr. M here read the bill.
This bill passed the Senate of the United States,
came to this House, and was placed on the private
calendar. So perfectly just did this bill appear to
the members from Kentucky, that one of them [Mr.
Marshall] got up and advocated a motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole from its fur-
ther consideration, in order that it might be pa'sed
immediately, in order that the claimant, who was in
the city, might receive hi  deeds Upon this, the
committee was discharged, the bill was passed in
the House on the same day, and the claimant got
his deeds. Now, he would ask if his colleague
was so very vigilant as he appeared to be in a
certain quarter, why it was that he made no
objections to the passage of this bill? Here
■was a case not near so strong as the one he was
now advocating, for in this case the lands had
never been offered at public sale, were not subject
to private entry, and could not, in law or equity,
be patented, but, it having been shown that the pur-
chase was made in good faith, and no fraud or col
lusion intended, the law was passed, and, in three
weeks from the time of his application, the claim-
ant had his pa'ent in his pocket Now, what was
the ca=e he presented to the House? It was a case
where the lands bad been offered at public sale,
and the time for offering them at public sale had
expired. They might, therefore, have been enter-
«d legally, at the Government price It was true,
a certain order had been issued by the General
Land Office—not directly to ihe register of the land
office where the lands were subject to sale, but to
the Governor of Ohio—directing them to be
temporarily wiihhcld from sale, until it could be
ascertained where the Miami canal would be 'o
cated, but, when that temporary purpose was an-
swered, the lands were restored to private entry,
and it was from the lands thus temporarily with-
held from sale, and again reste ed to it, that the as-
signor of the pptmoner made his purchases But
his colleague [Mr Goode] had urged that, though
the cau'p for wi hholding these lands from sale no
longer exited, yet there ha 1 been no formal order
restoring tnem to public sale, and, therefore the entry
■was illegal. Now, though this objection was a
plausible one, yet it was shown that the register
put such a construction on his authority as to con
Eider them subject to private entry, and informed
the purchaser that'hey were so The purchaser
had no right to discredit the information given
him b? the rtgister, who was the lawfully con-
stituted «gent of the Government. He could
Bot send on to the General Land Office to know
■whether the register was acting within the scope
of bis duty.   He was bound to take the word of
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
the authorized agent of the Government, and if it
was true that that agent made a mistake, or ex-
ceeded his authority, he would ask any impartial
person whither the innocent purchaser should be
made to suffer. Would it not be more consistent
with justice that the Government should take the
consequences of the act of its agent' But his col-
league [Mr Goods] said that these lands had been
withheld from entry by others, while Mr Shannon
and a favored few were permitted to enter them;
and from this he inferred that there had been some
collusion between bim and the register. Now, was
this afair inference, when it was conclusively shown,
from the testimony, that Mr Shannon did no* make
the entries in person, but that they were made for
him by an agent, into whose hands he had put
money for the purpose of purchasing lands, that
he did not know where these lands were located,
and, further, that he had not the slightest informa-
tion that they had ever been withheld from sale, or
that there was any difficulty whatever on the sub-
ject, until after he had disposed of them to a third
person? All this testimony was before the House,
and it had been well remarked by one of his col-
leagues, [Mr. Cowen,] that the affidivit of Gov-
ernor Shannon himself was all-sufficient to clear
him from the imputation of any collusion m the
matter, and he would venture to assert, that there
was not an individual there, who would take the
responsibility of asserting that Governor Shannon
would swear to a falsehood. The character of that
gen leman stood so high in his State, that there
was not an individual there who would venture to
doubt his word.
Mr. M here read Gov. Shannon's affidavit
Now, would his colleague, after hearing this affi-
davit read, rise in bis place and reiterate the charge
of collusion with the register' Here it was sworn
by Governor Shannon that he had not the slightest
knowledge of the fact that these lands had ever
been withheld from sale, that he was informed by
the register, and believed, that they were subject to
private entry, and never had any intimation to the
comrary, until after he had disposed of them. But
it was said that these lands had been withheld from
entry by o hers, and that Mr Shannon and a few
favored individuals were permitted to enter them
How stood this assertion with the facts? We have
(said Mr. M ) several reports from the department
on this subject, some of them confl cting wilh the
others, owing to the fact that to this moment it
was not exactly ascertained how far the additional
«ections for five miles on the holders of the Miami
canal extend. His colleague, in his remarks, im-
pugned the character of Mr. HelfensteiB, the regis,
ter, who permitted the entries to be made by M-
Shannon , but, at the same time, stated tnat be
placed the fullest confidence in the former register,
Mr Van Horn Then(*aidMr M ) 1c its take h.m
on his own showing He had before hi-u a report
from the General L^nd Office, made on the call of
his colleague himself, and on his motion refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands; f om which
it would appear that, so far from these lands being
withheld from entry by others, and open to entry
by Mr. Shannon, there were, from 1829 to 1839,
239 entries made, for nearly 200 of which patents
had been issued. Thus entries were made as well
while Mr. Van Horn was register, as when that
office was held by Mr Helfen-tem Mr M here
r^ad a statement showing the number of entries
each jear, made between the years 1828 and
1839, and he made this statement, he =aid, to
repel the imputation that there had been any col-
lusion between Mr Shannon and ihe register, Mr
Helfenstein He did not stand tbere to justify Mr
Ilelfenstem, or any other public officer They
were the agents of the Government, and if th y ac1-
ed corruptly, or under a mistake, the Governmeit
should not visit the transgression on the hoad of an
innocent purchaser, who had in good faith made
the entry, believing that he had a neht todo so, and
who had paid his money without any design to de-
fraud the Gsvernment He was corfident that the
House could not, and would not, do an ¡¡ct so ic-
pugnant to the principles of justice The restoia
lion of the purchase money would be no compen-
sation to the claimant, or to the original purchaser
Governor Shannon, believing his right to the lands
to be unquestionable—having feeen so informed by
the register—had sold them to the claimant, and
had given bond to his assignee to make him a good
title, and if he failed in establishing it here, he
would be ruined.
After a few remarks from Mr. GOODE—
Mr. BREWSTER—who made the report on
which the Lili was predicated—addressed the com-
mittee in its favor. He was (he said) unfavorably
impressed towards it m the beginning, in conse-
quence of conversations he had had with the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Goode,] who sat near him;
but, on a careful examination ot all the testimony,
he came to the conclusion that the claim was a just
one, and ought to pass. The evidence satisfied
him that the lands were entered in good faith, and
that the first purchaser had not the slightest intima-
tion that they ever had been withheld from sale.
Messrs, MASON and COWEN severally ad-
dressed the committee, the former in opposition to
the bill, and the latler in favor of it
Mr ANDREWS moved that the bill be re-
ported to the House, which, after some objections
by Mr GOODE, which he subsequently withdrew,
was agreed to.
The committee then took up the bill providing
payment for the passage of General Lafayette
from Prance to the United States in 1824.
On the question ef reporting this bill, it was
found that there was not a quorum present, and
the committee rose ard reported that fact to the
House.
Mr ADAMS moved a call of the House, which
was agreed to, and the roll was called, resulting in
109 members answering to their names.
The absentees having been called, 114 mem-
bets answeied to their names
Mr HOLMES moved that the House adjourn.
rejected—ayes 40, noes 48
The officers were then directed to close trie
doors, and, the absentees having been again call-
ed, the House excused some, and refused to ex-
cuse others
On motion by Mr HOLMES,
I'be House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, August 8, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department ol State,
covering a communication from Thomas Allen,
and a statement of his account for printing a Com-
pendium of the Sixth Census, under the act of
September 1, 1841, and asking Congress to make
an appropriation to satisfy the same, laid on the
table
The PRESIDENT pro lent laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from John W Maury, of
Washington City, protesting agairst'he passage of
the bill for the suppression of the vending of lottery
tickets in the D sirictof Columbia, on the ground
that it would vio'ate a contract made with him
under the law of Congress granting a lottery to the
city of Alexandria referred to the Committee
on the District t f Columbia
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, the pa-
pers of Marston C Claik were permitted to be
tsken from the files, to be referred to the depart-
ment authorized to settle his account?.
Mr SEVI5R, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported baclr, without p-nendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill for the relief
of Randolph Carter
Mr S. ilso from the same committee, made an
adverse report on tfe petition of Esther Olmstead,
which was nrder-d to he on the table and be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, 'rom the Committee on Pensions,
to wb ch had been referred House bills entitled An
act for the reh f o Ohver Parnsh, deceased, An
act for tl e rel ef of the hens cf Seth Chapm; An
act f >r the relief of Sal'y MtCraw, and An act for
the berefit of Mary Congleton, widov of Moses Con-
gleton, asoldier of iheRevolu'ion, deceased, report-
ed them back without amendment, and with a
rec rrroendation that they do not pass.
Mr P als-o, from the same commi'tee, reported
back, with an amendment, Hous  bill givmgCatha-
rine Lehman the benefit of the act of the 7th July.
1838.
