CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
 $i
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of David Welch;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
The bill to provide for the payment of the claims
of Georgia, for money advanced by that State for
the payment of the militia called out in a slate of
emergency, having been returned from the House
of Representatives with certain amendments, was
taken up; and the amendments, having been read,
were concurred in.
The bill for the relief of Hezekiah Cunningham,
having been returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives with amendment*, was taken up for con-
sideration.
Mr. MERRICK said that the House amendment
reduced the appropriation. He moved that the
¡Senate concur.
Mr. YOUNG remarked that his colleague (who
■was not now m his seat) wished to make some mo-
tion with reference to this bill. He, therefore,
moved that it be passed by informally. The mo-
tion was agreed to.
THE ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, covering a joint resolution, which
passed that body, providing that the Speaker of the
House of Representatives and the President of the
Senate will adjourn, sine die, the two Houses of
Congress over which they preside, on Monday, the
22d of August, at 2 o'clock p. m.
Mr. PRESTON moved that the consideration of
the joint resolution be postponed till Monday next,
and that it be made the special oider for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
The acts for the relief of George W. Paschal;
for the relief of Hezekiah L Thistle; and for the
relief of Robert Miller, having fcecn returned from
the Hou«e of Representatn es with amendment ,
were taken up for consideration, and,
Oi motion of Mr. GRAHAM, the amendment0,
having been read, were concurred in.
The act for the relief of Jubal B. Hancock, hav-
ing been returned from the Rou&e of Represema-
tives wiih certain amendments, was taken up for
consideration; and,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the amendments
were concurred in.
The act for the settlement of the accounts of
Silas Deane, having been returned from the House
of Representatives, with amendments, was taken
up for consideration.
Mr. PHELPS exp'amed that the amendment  of
the House were to strike from the bill all reference
to the revolution of 1780, and to remove all doubt
as to any claim for interest found due under it,
&c; and moved that the Senate concur in the
amendments • the motion was agreed to
The act to s'tile'the title to certain tracts of
land is the State of Arkansas, having b en re-
turned from the House of Repre-.entatives, with
certain amendments, wa> taken up for considera-
tion; and,
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, who explained the
amendments, they were concurred in.
Oa motion of Mr. PORTER, the bill to extend
the time within which the duties on certain rail-
road iron imported by the State of Michigan, being
laid for permanent use, tmy be remitted, was
taken up, as m committee ot the wnole, for con
sideration.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would not object to
ordering the bill to be engrossed to day; but he
would like to have time till to-morrow to consider
whether he should not object to the parage of the
bill. There being no aaieadment offere 1 to the
hill, it was reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engrossed tor a third reading.
THE NAVY PENSION BILL.
The consideration of the bill mak'ng api lopra-
tion to supply the deficiency in the navy penada
fund, was resumed, as in committee of the whole. 4
Mr. WHITE expla ned his ooncep ion ot th*
origin and progress of the navy pension fund. The
question now to be considered was, what modifica-
tions of the act of 1837 should be made? He was
in favor of fulfilling, in good faith, all engagements
made under that act up to this period. He did not
urge this on the ground of any vested right, but on
the ground that the Government was bound, in
honor and morality, to sustain the promises held
out by that act. He proposed to continue that act
to all those whose claims, at that date, were pro-
spective. He contended that, so far as there had
been any expression of opinion by the Senate, it
had been adverse to a repeal of the act of 1837
He quoted the proceedings of the Senate on this
subject at the last Congress, in proof of this po i-
tion. He admitted that !he act of la«t session, ap-
propriating $139,666 66 to supply deficiencies in
the pension fund, might admit of a dubious con
struction. By it, the limi ation of the appropria-
tion was to the close of tbe next session of Con-
gress, leaving it to Congress to withho'd or grant
future supplies to keep up the pension fund.
He would not have voted for the act of 1837 to
the extent it has been carried; but what was to be
done? The Attorney General called the right under
that act a vested interest. He did not call it such,
but he called it a sacred promise secured; and its
breach would be an unkind and ungenerous viola-
lion of the faith of the Government. The cla^s
of persons which he wished to save would not
call for more than between $30,080 and $40,000.
He went into some calculations to show this. He
wished to continue the benefits of the act of 1837.
The difference between his amendment and that
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr Choate,]
recently rejected, was, that his proposed to con-
tinue the act of 1837 to every case existing, and
limiting it only to such cases as were now on the
roll. The amendment, however, explain* d itself.
He would now propose it in its modified form, to
add to the 2d section the following:
Provided, That if any of the naval or marine corps officers,
oranyseaman oi marine, who shall have died after ihe3i of
Maich, 1837, ard his widow or children shall have been placed
upon the persion roll prior to the 16th August, 1811,and were
entitled to receive pensions they shall continue to receive ttie
same, as well after as belore the presort session of Congress,
any former act to the contraiy notwithstanding
Mr WILLIAMS uou'd propose to amend the
amendment, so that those who by the law were not
entitled to more thai five years' pension, shall,
when they receive that, be stricken from the .oil,
otherwise, there would be amost manifest injustice.
The amendment, as u stood, would keep on the
roll for life those who were entitled by law to ODly
five years' pension, and would be thus giving to
those widows (or the children) of those officers who
died a natural death, grea'er favor than those
whose huibanJs died in the service, fiom wounds
received in battle, or from disease contracted in the
performance of their duty.
The amendrent of the Senator from Indiana says
that the widow and children of a person dying a
natural death in the service af'er 3J Mpich, 1837,
and up to August, 1841, shall have a pens on tor
life, whereas, ihe vidow and children of a pers n
dying m tne service, of wounds rece ved in bat* e,
would have a pension for only five years. Thi^
was the effect of bis amendment. He did not
believe the Senate was piepared to do so much in-
justice.
He understood the cómprenme of the last ses-
sion to be between striking tff thosp pensioner,
then, and allowing them to continue till the end of
this session He proposed to amend the amend-
ment, so as to contirue the pensions till the claim-
ants «hfll have hid the benefit for five years, and,
viith that vi-w, ne .noved to «fifee iro-n the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. White]
the word^ "as well after as before the present ses-
sion of Congress," and to in«ert th° words "until
they have the berefit of the pension fund for five
years."
He believed that morí* than one-ha'f of the ten-
sions now pa d or claimed were to the wid^w* and
children of persons who d ed a natural death m
the service, put thee under the act of 1837. This
amendment to the amendment, if adop'ed, would
discon'inuc them from the roll, aftei they shou d
have obtained the benefits of that act.
Mr WHITE did not con«i ier this estimate a
fair one, for, pretiou^ly to 1837, tbe widows and
children of persons who died a natural death in
tbe «ervice were not entitled to pensions It was
only by the act of 1837 that they were allowed to
be placed on the persion list
And as to those who, from time to time, bad
been continued in successive periods of five years,
he contended they would not be discontinued—they
would be held on for another teim of five years,
and might as well be placed permanently on the
pension list. There would not, therefore, be the
inequality supposed. Some of those placed on
the list m 1837 had now received pensions for five
years; if such a limitation were to be made, it
ought to be from the passage of this act. He had
modified his amendment, so as to limit the pensions
to children till they come of age, or were married;
but confined the pension for life to the widows.
Mr. CHOATE did not care whether the right to
a pension was called a vested right, a moral right,
or a sacred right, it was a right based on the good
faith of the Government. Although the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Mame [Mr.
Williams] was not so harsh m it  character as a
repeal of ihe act of 1837, yet it took away a por-
tion of the right, which he considered sacred and
undoubted.
He thought the claims of the widows and chil-
dren of those who died in the service since 1837,
rested on grounds more indisputable than those of
persons who h?d had no such pledge of provision
for iheir families previous to the passage of that
act. Many msy have entered the service, induced
by ¡hat promise, who would not otherwise have
given up other occupations They may have done
this on the good faith of the act, that, if they died
in the service, their families would be entitled to
the pension. He entered at conslderaDle length
into the subj et, enforcing the claims of all widows
and children of persons dying m the service.
Mr SMITH cf Connecticut ro e to combat the
doctrine advanced by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Choate,] that any legislative act, hold-
ing out inducements to persons to enter the public
service, i<, irrevocable. He had always, both here
and e'sewhere, maintained, and he would still main-
tain, the right of this rr any other legislative body
to alter, amend, modity, or repeal its own acts,
whenever it pleased to do so. The act of 1837 was
a mere legislative act. He denied that it was a
contract, or that its repeal would be a violation of
contract. And to test this, he would ask where,
was there any contract in that act, and with whom?
Legislatures may, by a special power granted to
them by the people, make contract; but, m their
power of legislation, they are no more authorized
to make contracts than they are to do any other
thing outside of the necessary and specific duties of
legislation. Tl.e error was m confounding the
pever lo giant with, the power to contract. The
same power which enab'es a legislative body to
grant, enables it to recall its gram. These gratui-
ties for service vere mere grani«, there was nothing
about them of the nature of a contract
He -p as m favor of carry'Dg out the act of 1837
in re'at'on 'o those who were in the service at
the Hire; but fee denied the as'-umpticn-, that when
the experience of 5 ears had proved that act to be
mprovidrnt and ircpo'itic, it should not be so
mod tied as to con ine 1 s eperations to those who
bad actually Ken affect'd by it at the time it was
pass d.
Mr   SIMMONS ro*e, but
Mr. ARCHER.called for the order of tbe day.
Ihe CHAIR observed  that the  Senator  from
Rhode Is'and had the floor
Mr. SIMMONS proceeded. He «aid that the
whole question wa«, wnethT the widows and chil-
dren cf tho^e who died m the service should have
a pension, or 1 o , cn^, further, if they were,
whether the promises held oat by an act cf Con-
gress shoa'd not be carr ed out in good faith
He thougat thpt, accoid ng to the admission  of
tbe Seraior from Conn eticut, [\ir Smith,] the
right was a v^ted riaht So far as regal da the
widows and children cf persons then deceased, it
jj^ a gratuity, but, m 'eferente to ihose after-
wards entering the service, the promre of the
Government was unquestionably ? vested right.
Mr SMITH replied briefly, showing that his
admissions could not correctly be applied in f?vor
of the doctrine of vested rights, rrvii.g been made
simply in reference to gratuities for past services.
He was willing to give all grammes prsnubed,
