CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
out of order, to avoid the difficulties that must re-
sult from the 2i section of the apportionment
law, requiring the States to elect members of Con-
gress by districts. This portion of th« law had
been passed unexpectedly to the country, and
found many States unable to comply with its re-
quisitions, if they were even deposed to do so,
unless at a heavy expense of calling extra ses-
sions rf the Legislatures. Such was the case
with the State of Mississippi. Members of Con-
gress are elected in that S'ate by general ticket.
The last Legislature cloihed the Governor wi'h
power to issue his proclamation for the election
of the number of members the State would be en-
titled to under the new apportion "lent—the elec-
tion to take place at the same time of the State
elections, m November, 1843. The Legislature
■will not meet again until aftei that election, un-
less convened by the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor. The State treasury was now in a most
exhausted condition, and the expense of an extra
session of ihe Legislature would be severely felt
by the people, already overburdened with taxa-
tion. The Governor of Mississippi is an econo-
mist in practice as well as profession—utterly op
pesed to imposing unnecessary burdens upon tbe
people. He was elected to carry out the^e prin-
ciples, and he would do it. He (Mr G ) depre-
cated, as much as any member of the House, a
collision between the State and Federal authori-
ties-, and it was to avoid this collision that he was
anxious to except the eleetu ns to the 28th Con-
gress from the 2J seciion of t^e apportionment
law.
Many States had refused to bow to the behests
of that law Miny more would, and, among them,
he believed the S ate ha had the honor in part to
represent would be one In the first place, he had
no idea the Governor would convene the Legisla
ture If m thu> he was mistaken, he wa  confi-
dent, if conyered, that body would not obey the man-
date which we have sent to the States, to elect
members of Congress only by districts. He be-
lieved a large majority of the people of his State
were opposed to this mandate, and would rewst it.
It was to prevent such an issue that he wished the
elections to the next Congress excepted from the
operation of this mandate. Let the people's Rep-
resentatives to the 28th Congress take their seats
as they may be sent here by the State law , and
let them pass upon ihi  mandamus, and he beueved
they would expunge it from the statute-book as ut-
teily at war with the spirit and letter of the Con-
stitution! for if Congress assumes the power of
directing the congressional elections, which has re-
mained dormant for fifty years, it must assume
It wholly, and not in part, for we cannot arrogantly
say to the States, "You must lay off congression-
al districts." Bat he would not go into this subject
at this time It was one of the many acts of this
Congress, for which ibe majority will be tried at
the bar of public opinion, and to the enlightened
judgment of the people he was willing to submit
the question, and abide by the result Until that
opinion is expressed, let us postpone the operation
of this second section It was a novel set of legis
lation, unloosed for by the people, and unsustam-
ed by their voice. If it is persevered ip, it must end
in unpleasant collisions in the various departments
of our complicated form of government, in which
Congress will be defeated, if not disgraced, and we
had better beat an honorable retreat before the
battle commences.
After some remarks from Mr. EVERETT, in
too low a tone to be reported—
Mr. R003EVEL S observed that the section, as
it now stood, was in perfect coincidence with a
celebrated document which the President had de-
posited in the Department of State, on giving his
sanction to the apportionment bill. This section
admitted that, though Congress had provided for
the district system, yet that it would be proper for
the Legislatures oí the several S'ates to consider
the act as advisory, and not manda'ory, and all
those Siates that elected under the general ticket
system  adopt the district system, or to csntinue to
hold their elections under their presentlaws, asmight
be most convenient to them. Mr. R. wished the
jproviso to remain in the bill, because it would ope-
rate asan acknowledgment that the act was adviso-
ry, and by thi> means avoid collision between this
House and the States. Situated as his Siate now
was, the elections about to Uke place in it might
be considered utterly null and void by a different
consiruction; for, in consequence of a difference of
opinion between the Governor and one of tha
branches of the Legislature, he might put his veto
on the districting law, and thus the State would be
without a representation in the 28th Congress.
The same difficulty existed, he believed, in Penn-
sylvania, for he had just learned that the Govern r
had ve ced tbe act passed by the Legislature for dis-
tricting lhat Siate, and that it also was in danger
of being unrepresented m the next Congress.
Mr. FES8ENDEN addressed ihe commit'ce in
favor of the amendment, (Mr. Bkigqs having taken
the chair for him )
The question was then taken, and the amend
ment was adopted—ayes 84, noes 52
The remaining ^ect ons, to the 26 h inclusive,
were passed without amendment. TLe 27th sec-
tion was in the followirg terms-
' Sec 27 Andbtit further enacted, That whenever a con
t  st «hall take place under ihis act, the sitting and contesting
member shall be paid is follows lit If the seat is awarded
by the decision of the House to i ho contesting member, he shall
be paid bis mileage and pet diem allowance from tht com
mencement of the session, m the same mannei as though he
had been duly returned and taken his seat, and the sitting mem
ber shall be paid hid mileage and his pel diem up to the timethe
content shtll be decided and each shall also be paid the amount
which he has paid to the officer authonzed to take the testimony,
for taking the same, and a copy thereof and for witnesses fees,
m pursuance of tins ict 2d In ca^e the ei'ting membei
shall be lemove' ft m his seat on such content, then he only
shall be paid his mile ige And pel diem allowance as above di
lected, tndboih shall be paid the costa and lees afoiesaid 3d
In case the contemn shall fail either to obtim the seat foihim
sell, or remove the sit'ng membei, then the sitting member
alone shall be paid his fees and co tc aforesaid and no otbei or
funnel allowance shil! be made to either partv, dlieclly or in
directly, except as at ove provided "
Mr. BOTT3 moved to strike out the words
"And each shall a so be paid the amount which he has paid
to the officer authonzed to take the testimony, for takirg ihe
same, and a copy theieof, and for witnesses5 fees, m puieuance
of this act"
Mr. LINN defended the section as it stood.
Mr. BOTTS replied.
Mr FILLMORE said that the section, in its
present form, was really democratic. He thought
proper fees and expen-es should, on all occasions,
be paid, otherwise, the poor man would be unable
to contest a seat, however righteous his claim might
be, and improper advantages would be given to
ihe wealthy He spoke at some length oa this sec-
tion
Mr C J INGERSOLL rose when ¡he gentle-
man from New York resumed hio seat, and said he
had been informed that, during his speech, the gen-
tleman from New York had said that a person who
some time since contested a seat, had been paid
$1 000 for witnesses and expenses, to which he
was not entitled Now he (Mr Inoers ll) wished
to know whether the gentleman from New York
had alluded to him'
Mi FILLMORE frankly disclaimed having
made any a'lusion to the eautieman from Pennsyl-
vania
The discussion was continued by Messrs BOTTS,
FILLMORE, J. CAMPBELL, and TILLING
HAST, and the amendment was tuea ncga'ived.
An expUnitory amendment «a^ made in ihe
section, on the moaon ot M). FILLMORE, and
the sections having all been gone mrough—
Mr. HABERSHAM again moved an amend-
mert of tae 13 h section.
[This section gave power to punish witnesses
for disobedience, by the imposition of such a pen
any by the officers therein mentioned "as such
officer may deem right. Provided, That the same
shall not exc-td $50 nre, or thirty days' imprison-
ment, or both." Tne gentleman from Georg a
[Mr Habeksham] moved t<- s nke out the words
marked with quotation marks above, and insert the
following.—"as he is au horized to impose by 'he
lawo of the Siate in which he resides, in like cases,
to be enforced and recoveied in like manrer au is
provided by law "]
This was debat-ri by Messrs HABERSHAM,
FILLMORE, ROOSEVELT, EVERETT, RAN
DOLPH, BOTTS, and HOUSTON, and it was
then negatived,
Mr. J CAMPBELL desired to amend the 22d
section, by which false swearing was deemed per-
jury, and to be punished accordingly; by striking
out the following, which are the concluding words
of ihe section:—
' And, in either case, such convict «hall be punished by im-
prisonment at hard labor lor a term not less than three, nor
more than ten years n
He said the sec'ion provided a penitentiary pun-
ishment; and as m some States there were no pen-
itentiaries, he moved to strike out these words, and
insert the fo1 lowing:—
And, in either case, such convict shall incur the penalties
and disabilities provided forsimilar offences by the laws of the
State oi lemtory where such offence shall be commuted
Mr. FILLMORE hoped there would be uni-
formity in our laws, but, it this amendment were
adopted, ihere would be one punishment <n one
State, and another punishment in another; and
where thsre was no punishment p-esenbed by the
SUie laws, there would be no penalty.
Toe amendment was negatived. Some other
unimportant amendments were submitted and neg-
atived.
Mr. UNDERWOOD offered to amend the sec-
ond section, by adding thereto the following pro-
viso:
Pi onded, nomever. That before said Iistslrall be called over
by the Clerk, he Bball, from the members leturned, appoint a
chairman who shall t-xke the Speaker'^ chair, and pi eside over
the body until a Speaker shall be elected Upon the Chair-
man's taking the chau, the Clerk shall proceed to call the roll,
ant' tho^e who answer to their names andagam&t whom no ob-
jection is made, shall bo legaided as members for theoiganiza*
tion ol the House If, on calling the roll, any one be objected
to his name shall bcomitted until the roll is called through
If, when the lull is called through, there be a quorum against
whom no obiectlsn hat. been made, then the Clerk shah recur
to the name^obj cted to, and, m the order m which they were
called those ol the quorum agamt-t whom no objection has
been made shall decide whether the person objected to shall
act as a membei m the organization of the House
Mr C. BROWN moved to strike out lhat part of
the amendment relating to the appointment of a
chairman: rejected
The question was then taken on Mr. Under-
wood's amendment; and it was rejected
Mr. HALSTED moved to amend tbe first sec-
tion, by inserting after the word "Representatives,"
in the 10th line, the words ''which determination,
commission, or proclamation, shall (if the State is
entitled to more than one Representative) desig-
nate the particular district for which said Repre-
sentative is elee'ed:" rejected
Mr. HALSTED offered the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
Provided he [the Clerk] shall place the name of no person on
said list who does no! appear to have been elected a Repre-
sentative from some single district, in pmsuance of the act en-
titled "An act for the apporiionmentof Representatives among
the several btates, according to the sixth census," approved
June 25, 1842
This amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BOARDMAN, the commit-
tee rose, and reported the bill to the House as
amended.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved to
recommit it to the Comm'ttee of the Whole, with
instructions to restore the second section, to report
the amendment which was offered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, tMr. Umdeewood,] and re-
jected, in lelation to the organization of the House;
and to report the amendment that was offered by
himself to the twenty second sect on. He had
some doubts at first whether Congress had the
right to adjust prelim<nary measures for Ihe or-
ganization of the House, or to adopt rules for ta-
king testimony on the part of another House of
Representatives
If the opinion advanced by some was correct—
that the language ot the Constitution, making each
House the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members, applied to each
branen of Corgress, and the House of Represent-
atives was the name of a corporation continually
existing—there would be no doubt on the subject.
His ow¡> opipion was to the contrary. He thought
the language of the Constitution applied to each
House Every gentleman who was acquainted
wi h the inconveniences and delays to which the
House was subjected in contested-election rases,
and the wjury inflicted on the people of a district
—either from having no Representative; or from
having one to wbom they are oppossd—must adtn.it
