CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            863
and recommending its passage, Hou^e bill en-
titled An act for the relief of Aihael Lee, Harvey
Lee, and Lemuel Lee.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports on the House bill for the re-
lief of Elisha Davis, and on the documents rela-
ting to the claim of Pamela Gilbert, which were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Revolu
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the
petit on of Uriah Jones, a soldier of Ihe Revolu-
tion, for a pension, which was ordered to be
printed.
NAVY PENSION FUND
The bill to provide for deficiencies m the
navy pension fund was taken up, as in committee
of the whole; the question pendipg from >esterday
being on the amendment of the Senator from Mame
[Mr. Williams] to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. White ]
Mr. White's amendment was, to add the follow-
ing proviso to the 2d section of the bill-
Provided, That if any of the naval or maune eoips officeis,
or any seaman or marine, who shall have died afteithe3d of
March, 1837, and his widow or children shall have been placed
upon the pension roll prior to the loth. August, 1811, and were
entitled to receive pensions, they shall eontinue to receive Ihe
same, as well after as befoie the present session of Congress,
any former act to the contrary notwithstanding
Mr. Williams's amendment was, to stnUe
out the words "as well after as before the present
session of Congress," and to insert the words, "un-
til they have ihe benefit of ihe pension fund for
five years," as intended by the act pioposed to
be revived
Mr. PHELPS, being entitled to the floor, advo-
cated Mr. White's amendment He admitted, to
the fullest extent, the ri^ht of Congress to repeal
the act of 1837, and that it could be repealed with
perfect good faith, in rela'ion to prospective ca=e^,
but insisted that the good faith of the Government
was too deeply pledged as to existing interests to be
m the slightest degree altered He cons dered
Congress no more at liberty to reduce the provis-
ion from that of a pension for life to one of a pen-
sion for five jears, than io violate the good faiih
of ihe Government in any other respect. He felt
constrained to give his support to the amendment,
by a sense of dutj, and from a belief that the faith
of the Government was solemnly pledged to these
pensioners
Mr. YOUNG insisted that the whole matier was
a gra'uity. It was manifest that the act of 1837
had direct reference to the navy pension fund, and,
that fund being now exhausted, what possible right
could the widows and children of persons dying a
natural death in the service have io more tavoi
tnan the wives and children of persons «ho died
in battle, or of wounds received in tbe service of
the country? Such would be the unjust operation
of the amendment of the Senator [r0m Indiana,
[Mr. White ] Mr. Y said they were not sitting
there as judges, to settle a legal question, but as
leg'slators of the people, to settle a question of
equity, and to do what was ngnt and juct to >he
people and to the pensioners. He did not consid-
er that, in a question of mere gratuily, these widows
or children had a right to complain if Congress
should find the national treasury so embarrassed
as to withhold, for the future, the gratuity. And
he did not consider that there would be much jus-
tice in granting it to the widows and children of
persons who died a natural death while in the ser-
vice, and withholding it from the widowt, and chil-
dren of those who died fighting the battles of the
country.
Mr. ARCHER concurred fully with the Senator
from Illinois. He could not vield up bis feelings
to the pathetic appeals of the Senators from Indi-
ana aBd Massachusetts, (Messrs. White and
Cwhte.) He did not think it proper to legislate
for the gratification of personal sympathies, at the
expense of the public treasury. He denied that
an inconsiderate, improper, and improvident act
should be considered as a contract to bind the
United States to all time. Fraud or accident, de-
sifn or improvidence, would have only to betray
Congress into an improvident act, and Government
is never to have the power of being released from
it.   Such was the argument of the Senators who
supported the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana God help the Government that would be
subjected to such a rule ot legislation. He never
could subscribe to the doctrine that there was a
>ested right in a mere gratuity.
Mr BATES said he intended to have spoken a
few words, the other day, upon the amendment
proposed by his colleague, but he thoiigm the mat-
ter was made so clear, mat it was unnecessary He
v as, however, admonished by the vote of the Sen-
ate upon that occasion how distrustful he ou«ht to be
of his own opinion however decided The Sena,
tor from Maine [Mr William■-] pul the case of
Dr Goddard, who died in 1802, to illustrate the
t etrosptctise character of the act of 1837 His
widow, in consequence of his death, became entitled
to something over $10,000 With the Senator from
M<une, he could see r.o object in that provision of
the act, nor any justification of it. But all tbis is
past, and we cannot help it.
In turn, (said Mr. B ) allow me to put a case, to
illustrate tbe feature of ihe act of 1837, which the
amendment now before the Senate proposes to re-
tain
Tom Bowline was as good a sailor as ever wore
a round jacket, and as brave He had a young
wite, and one child. Times had gone raiher bard
with him on shore. There was lying in 'he road-
stead of the placs of his residence a national ship,
that could not go io sea, for want of men It was
upon an emergency. The star  and stripes were
floating at hpr mast head One of your officers of
the ship applied to Tom to enlist. He offered him
twelve dollars a month wages, and he read to him
"Be it enacted by ill' Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America %n Cevgress
assembled, That if any officer or marine shall dio in
the naval ser /ice, h s widow 'hall receive half his
monthly pay until she gets married, or, if she die,
his cmld, until it arrices at twenty cne years of
age, and thus become able to take c?re of itself"
Tom enlisted He went hoPie, end told the short
story to his wife He took down his tarpaulin
from the nail, and threw it on one side of his head,
laughing as bravely as he could, and, brushing care-
lessly from his cheek the tear, (which he did not
wish to have seen,) he went on board the ship He
plunged into the fires and fevers of the torrid zone,
into the ice of the polar <eas, into the conflict of
many a battle His guardian angel protected him
I will not say what efficacy the "tender prayer"
had. On his voyage home he was taken «ick, and
died The last time his eyes closea upon the set-
ting sun, it was m the confidence his country
would keep its promise, an^ take care of his wife
and chdd, ai d in the confidence theie (said Mr B ,
pointing upwards) scarcely more unwavering, that
he «hould be taken care of—he storms of life being
all over, that he should nuke his last haven of rest
Rememlenng well what her husband had told
her, his wife was put upon ihe pension roll at §6 a
mon.h—a litt t short of §1 50 a w cek, but enouga
to keep a small fire in her giate in the winter, and
io supply her clean, plain, deal table wan a team)
repast Now, sir, I am caded upon to extinguish
the fire of this widow, and to sueep from her table
the scanty repasi provided for her suppert I am
called upon, under th*> lead of the nono ?ble Com-
mittee on Naval Aflajs' —I, aHerato>-of the Uni-
ted States'—I, a man, or somediwg, at least, in
tbe form of a man, and with something of the
feelings of a man, thank God .or that, sir *—I am
called upon to do this • I will not do it. Never—
never! It we can raise, or borrow, or beg money,
tbe widow of Tom Bowline, and the child, snail
have their half-pay.
Think you he looked into th" htk of your act of
1837' And if he d'd, does not everybody know
that tbe name of a inmg is not the thing lf-elf—
t?,at the tule of an act is not a part of tbe act it-
self? If you were suable, you would be compelled
to pay this annuity The contract was, as perfect
as contract could be. Here is the agreemet t, ihe
consideration, the periormance on the one part,
and, moreover, all t>ie;>e 'egal technicalities and
forms are merged and lost in the h gh and geneial
judgment which the moral -^ense of the woiId will
pronounce upon a mere statement of the facts.
Nor is the injustice which this bill will do, limited
to the widow and child of the sailor. It reaches to
the widows and children of the gallant officers who
fought your battles, and plucked your drowning
honor from the deep, and whom this bill consigns
to poverty and want. Usually, I am content to
follow the lead of the honorable chairman in his
measures. Not so here. In my view, there is
neither honor, justice, nor hnmanity in this bill;
and I will not vote for it.   No, sir; never.
Mr. SEVIER considered Senators ought to look
to the objects of the pension fuDd, and the question
where money was to be got—that ^land being ex-
hausted.
The debate was briefly continued by Messrs.
WILLIAMS, ARCHER, and CALHOUN against
the amendment, and by Mr. WHITE in favor of
it.
Mr. ARCHER hoped the amendment proposed
by Mr Williams to the amendment would be
adopted.
The question thereon was then taken, and ne
quorum voting—[several member* being absent,
attending the House of Representatives, to hear
the velo message]—
Mr LINN asked for either an adjournment ora
call of tbe House.
Mr ARCHER requested the Chair would send
to the Hou«¡e for the Senators
Mr SEVIER ¡novel an adjournment; which
was negatived—ayes 13, noes 14.
The question was then taken on taking a recess
from 12 to 1 o'clock, and decided in the nega-
tive
Mean ime a quorum appeared, when the ques-
tion was taken on Mr Williams's amendment
to the amendment, and there were 14 ayes, and 13
noes- so the amendment to ihe amendment was
adopted
Mr WHITS moved to postpone the matter till
to-morrow
This motion was negatived without a division.
Mr WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays
on the ame, dment as amended, and they were
ordered.
Mr WHITE thought a decision of the Senate
m favor of ihe amendmem to the amendment
would be too harsh, he would therefore suggest a
middle course—to commute the pension to five
yearfc from the present time, to the widows of those
who died as well after as before the present ses-
sion of Congress, the per sion to determine on the
death or marriage of the widow.
Messrs. SEVIER, WHITE, and WILLIAMS
severally made explanations.
Mr. WHITE called for the yeas and nays on
his proposed modification of his own amendment;
which were ordered
The question was then taken thereon, and result-
ed in the negative—yeav 21, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Siessis Barrow, Bates, Choate, Clayton, Conrad
Daytoi Evans Huniington, Kerr, Mangum Merrick, Miller
Morehead, Phelps Porter Rives, ¡Simmons, Smith of In
diam     ¡sprague, Tallmarlge, and While—21
INA'iS—Me srs Allen, Archer Bagb> Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Crafts Crittenden, Cnthbeit, Fulton, Graham, Hen
lersm K ng, Lmn Preston Sevier Sturgeor Tappan,
Wilcox, Wi'liams,Woodbuiy Wright rod Young—23
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered, and resulted in the negative—yeas 21,
nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messis Barrow, Bates, Choate, Clayton, Conrad,
Ciafts Evans Graham Hunlington Kerr Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Poller bimmons ¡smith of Indiana,
¡Sprague, Tallmadgo, White, and Woodbndge—21
N\Yft—Messrs Allen, Aichei, Bagby, Benton, Berrien,
Buchai an Calhoun, Cuue len ( uthberí Ful on Henderson,
King Lmn Pieston, ¡s vier ft urgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil
cox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—23
The amendment was then ordered to be en-
grt v,ed, and ihe bill read a third time.
Mr SEVibR, from the Committee on Pensions,
made adverse reports on ihe bill*! for the relief of
Mary Slccum and Job Haskms, also an adverse
report on the petition of Mary Dunscomb; which
were ordered to lie on rte Ubie, and be printed.
The House bill providing for the establishment
of police for tbe protection of public property, and
other purposes, m the city of Washington, was re-
sumed, as in committee of the whole
Mr. CRITTENDEN oojected to bringing in
the President of the United States as chief police-
man of the city of Washington.
