864
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BAYARD asked if the objection was to the
appointing power?
Mr CRITTENDEN observed that his objection
■was that the Chief Magistrate should have any-
thing to do with the appom*ment of the police; he
did not want him to be the chief policeman of the
city.
Mr. BAYARD then proposed to vest the ap-
pointing power of the police guard in the mayor of
the city. He also suggested other amendments of
less importance.
Mr. KING did not see with what propriety Con-
gress had been drawn into the care or provision of
the police oí the city. It was a matter belonging
to the corporation, and should be left to the city it-
self.
A discussion here arose on the bill, in which
Messrs. BAYARD and CONRAD advocated its
passage, and Messrs. KING and BUCHANAN
opposed it; when
Mr. SEVIER said he thought this wa? nothing
more nor less than a proposition to establish a little
standing army, to be added to hereafter—coming
from the same quarter, too, which bad denounced
Mr. Poinsett's plan of reorganizing the milma as
a plan to fix upon the country a «¡landing army,
and by which we were defeated. He, theiefore, to
test the sense of the Senate, moved to lay the bill
on the table.
The question was put, and the  motion   was
agreed to^ so the bill was ¡aid on the table.
I      NAVAL SCHOOLS
The bi| to provide fpr the establishment of na-
val schoofe was talienAip as the unfinished business
of yesterday, under the special order.
Mr AHjCHER. observed that he was willing to
leave the qWstion i>f the number of schools to be
established,to the wish of the Senate, whatever it
might be. |
Mr. BAYARD moved to strike out the word
"five," (the nitmber of schools) and insert "two "
Mr. ARCHER suggested the propriety of di-
viding the question.
Mr. BAYARD assenting—
The question was first taken on striking out the
word "five;" and it was stricken out
The question was then en inserting the word
"two."
Mr. BAYARD advocated at some length the
propriety of having two schools.
Mr. CALHOUN was ot opinion there should be
only one school; and that should be somewhere on
the Chesapeake bay. He would move to fill the
blank with "one "
The CHAIR said the question was first on filling
the blank with the word "two."
That question was ihen put, and negatived.
The question   then arose on  Mr.  Calhoun's
amendment, to fill the blank with "one."
Mr. ARCHER asked the Senator from South
Carolina to include the location on the Chesapeake
bay.
Several suggestions were made by different Sen-
tors, as to location, which resulted m its being
fixed at some fortification at or near Port Monroe,
this amendment was adopted
Mr. BAYARD moved wine consequent amend-
" ments, which were adopted
Mr. B. then piopo ed to add to ihe pupils for
examination, "anj oí candidates for the appoint-
ment ot midshipmen "
Mr. BUCHANAN asked if this would admit
other pupils than appointed midshipmen?
Mr BAYARD said, no, it would only admit of
candidates for the appointment of midshipmen,
being examined
Mr. BUCHANAN said this thing was yielded
up yesterday, but was now renewed m a more
objectionable form. Instead of Mxteen pupils,
not midshipmen, it admi's of an unlimited number
of candidates.
Mr. BAYARD observed that the Senator mis-
conceived the whole thing. No additional pupils
were indicated, the subject was left entirely to fu-
ture legislation. Tiie Secretary is not authorized
to send any candidate?.
The debate on this point was continued by
Messrs. BUCHANAN, BAYARD, and ARCHER, ¡
after which, Mr. BAYARD withdrew his proposed
amendment.
Mr ALLEN said: I rise to correct a small er-
ror m the Globe's report of my remarks on this
bill yesterday. By that report I am made to say:
"The West Point Academy had become a nursery
for vagrant young men"—when it should have
been "wealthy young men." It is not my habit to
correct the reports of what £ say in the running
discussions; nor do I, in the general, even see them,
until they appear in the papers of the next day.
Such mistakes are frequent—and necessarily so,
from the position occupied by the reporters
Being up, sir, I will remark that my objections
to this bill, though lessened, are by no means re-
moved. These naval schools will, sir, in my judg-
ment, degenerate into mere funds of political
patronage; and that patronage be made to minister
to those who least need it—to the wealthy, not the
poor. It is in the nature of such mstitu'ionstodoso.
These schools are to be sapported—all their ex-
penses paid out of the public treasury. A given
number of young men are to be educated—not at
their own, but at the cost of the Government—out
of the taxf "¡ of the people. What young men will
these be? Will they be the sons of the poor helpless
widows, or of the obscure and powerless citizens
of the countr}? Will they be the orphan children,
who have no one to befriend them? Will
these, or any of these—however highly gifted
by nature, howver bright iheir intellects or
their virtues, or noble their souls—will they be the
favored objtcfe selected, thus to be educated at the
public expense? No, sir, all experience is agamit
such a belief. The sons of the great, the power-
ful, the wealthy men of the nation—ihey who can
speak with authority and effect to the appointing
power—their sons will, with few, if any exception*,
be the chosen objects of this national gratuity. Is
not the experience of every day in the case of
West Point, conclusive of this fact?
What manner of young men are there? The
sons of great and wealthy men, with exceptions too
few 10 affect the general truth. But, sir, these in-
stitutions degenerate not merely into a fund of po-
litical patronage, but, in their management, degen-
erate, likewise, from the great object for which
ihey were originally intended. How is it with
West Point? Do the people of this countiy—ihe
tax-paymsr millions of the interior—do they, or
any one of Ihem, imagine that they are paying
taxes to keep upa dancing school? No, sir; not a
man of them is aware of this fací. Indeed, it is
new to me, nor should I now have known it, but
that a person (a member of the other House) call-
ed my attention to it a moment since, by showing
me a letter, dated at West Point. A danemg-
scbool ' Yes, sir, a dancing school kept up out of
the tarea of the ever-toiling people of this coun
try! I will send an extract from this letter, in
which the writer (himself a cadet) gives the man-
ner in which their time is spen*.    Here it is-
"I am drilled twiceaday atmfantiy drill and once at artil
lery drill We use in the morning at a quartei belore 5 o clock,
ata qu utei pastó o'clock we po'ice, at halt pasts until half
past 6 o'clock infantry drill, from half past 6 o'clock till 7, lecre
allon oi cleaning arms, Irom 7 to 8 breakfast, from 8 to half
past 8, diess parade and g jard mounting, from half past 8 until
9 te ieauon,from9tol0 auillerydrill, from lOtol, leneation,
from I to 2, dinner,|lrom 2 to 4, dancing lessons from 4 to hilf
fist 4, recreation, from half past 4 until 5, police, from 5 till 20
minutes past 6, infantry drill, fiom 20 minutes past 6 till 7, dress
paiade lr<m 7 till 8, supper, from 8 till halfpast9 recreation
fiom half past 9 till a quaitei of 10, prepare for be 1, ata quarter
ol 10, -ign il for extinguishing lights These are all the duties we
have lo peifoim dining the day When we go on guaid,
(which happens, one day out of five days,) we are two hours on
guai d and foul off"
Thus, it seems that two hours each day are
spent in taking dancing lessons, and that, too, at
West Point—a military school—where men are to
be tausht to fight
Sir, this business of teaching soldiers to dance,
reminds me of an anecdote, whieh ¡nay serve to
ilústrate the folly of the practice—an anecdote,
sir, of ihe greatest soKier that evei lived. I am, of
course, understood to allude to Napoleon. On
some occasion, between his compaigns, he had
been danciDg with an accomplished lady, but had
performed his part in a manner somewhat awk-
wardly He, therefore, apologized to the fair one
by saymg, "My dear madam, you must pardon
my awkwardness in in the dance, for the truth is,
my forte lies not so much m dancing myself, as in
making other people dance."
But, sir, I will not say more, as it is manifest the
bill will pass, however strong may be the reasons
against it.
The question then was put, "Shall the bill be
engrossed for a third reading?"
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
A brief incidental discussion arose in reference
to the location of the school; after which,
Mr SMITH of Connecticut explained bis rea-
sons for voting against the bill.
Mr. WOODBURY s ated that the first and mdis-
ptnsable point with a young officer was, whether he
could bear the exposure and roll of the ocean If he
could not, all expense in educating him for the ser-
vice was lost Hence the first order long had been,
and should continue to be, an order to sea. After
that experiment, if the constitution and taste of
the individual proved suitable, it was not only-
proper to give him aid by literary and scientific in-
struction on shipboard, but, when off duty, on.
shore. The deck of ¡he vessel, however, was the
best school-house or academy to begin with; and
there to nrngle explanations and reading with
ac'ual experiment. Even on shore, the teaching
shoald be rather to occupy suitably his leisure
hours, and advance h.m in his naval pursuits, than
to give him land habits or land tastes. The naval
officer should be a sailor—an mformpd, intelligent,
moral, and intellectual sailor, if you pleace; but
still a son of the ocean, and dedicated, heart and
soul, for life, to all its ardaous duties—great ex-
posure and high responsibilities. In truth, his
true home is on the mountain wave.
It was no more proper to send the army officer
or ihe cadet at West Point to sea, than to keep the
naval officer much on shore, and attach him
strongly to shore scenes ?nd shore pursuits. The
most abhorrent idea to a genuine tar is a land-
lubber. Hence, ihe 'chool for his leisure hours,
while not afloat, should be, as it had been for many
years, on ®r near salt water, and attached to some
navy-yard.
Mr W had no great objection to changing a
receiving-ship (ihe u&jal place for instruction) to
a fort or barracks, or other suitable building con-
necttd with some naval station, though, in some
respects, a vessel had advantages for illustration
of nautical terms, and for forming nautical tastes
and habits. A vessel should be used for short ex-
perimental cruises frequently, even if the school
was on shore. But he entertained a decided opin-
ion that the whole establishment should be under
naval officers, naflsl discipline, and the junsdic-
tion of some nava* station. And so far from ad-
mitting to the school any not officers, or officers be-
fore having seen tea-service, he felt confident that
abuses would creep m, and the whole scheme
prove abortive, if either of those courses was tol-
erated. Such, in a few words, were his general
views on this topic Assured as he was that this
school would be conducted on the principle he ap-
proved, his vote would be given for the bill.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
affirmative—yeas 22, nays 5, as follows:
\EAS—Messrs Aicher, Bairow, Bayaid, Buchanan, Cat
hnun, Choate Clayton, Graft** Dayton Evans, King, Macgum,
Miller, Morehead, Rives Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
Walker, Williams, Woodbury, and Young—22
NA V S Messrs Allen, B-igby, Benton, Smith of Connecticut,
and Woodbndge—5
STEAMSHIP ENGINEERS.
The bill to regulate the appointment and pay
of engineers employed m the navy of the United
States, was then taken up, as m committee of the
whole, with amendments recommended by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and read.
Mr. ARCHER proposed taking the vote on all
the amendments submitted by the committee, except
the 4th, which he wished to leave subject to some
suggestions the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Bagbt]
had to offer.
The amendments were adopted.
The question then came up on the 4th amendment
of the commifee, which was m relation tola chief
engineer, at $3,000 salary.
Mr. BAGBY waived his intention of offering any
amendment.
