86G
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
s-hool of instruction ib the naval service of the
united States.
An act to prescribe the number of professors of
Mathematics m the navy of the United States,
was taken up as in committee of the whole, on
amendments proposed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs The amendments were considered and
adopted. The bill was then reported to \he Sen-
ate; the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill, being «grossed according to order, was read
the third time, and passed.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
The bill from the House entitled An act to reg-
u'ate the taking of testimony id cases of contested
el-ctions, was taken from the table, and read the
first time, and ordered to a second reading, and,
the question now bemg, Shall the bill be read a
second time, with a view to us reference'—
Mr. WALKER is d this was a bill which was
intended to d i franchise some four or five States
ib Ve organization ol the neit House of Rep-
resentatives, and as it required the unanimous,
con-cnt of the Senate to permit its second reading
_ to-day, he w¡ uld object. The bill will conse-
' quenily hive us second reading to-morrow.
House bill entitled An act explanatory of an act
entitled An act to commute Stomngton, Mystic
River, and Pawcatuck, a new collection diitnct,
was- taken up, and read twice, and,
On motion of Mr HUNTINGTON, who ex-
plained that the bill was introduced merely to cor-
rect an enor m the previous bill, it was considered
as in co-jirmitee of the whole, reported to the Sen-
ate, read a th id time, and passed.
Tne jomt resolution to authorize the distribution
of the Catalogues ot the Library oí Congress, was
taken up rn its third reading.
Mr KING said that the catalogues proposed to
be distributed were valueless. But he looked upon
it as an entenng-wtdge to a further distribution of
books to members of Congress; and to save the
principle of iefu<al to distribute, he moved the in-
definite postponement of the resolution. The ques-
tion was put, and the motion was agreed to.
Oa motion ot Mr. SEVIER, the bill granting a
pension to Mary Johnson was taken up, considered
as in committee of the whole, and finally passed.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 9, 1842.
Mr THOMPSON of Mississippi presented the
petition of Joseph B. Fields, of Mississippi, pray-
ing Congress to confirm to him the sale of certain
lands thcein named, which was referred to the
Commit ee on Public Lands
Mr TH03 W. WILLIAMS, by general con-
sent, inuoduced a bill explanatory of the act enti-
tled Aa act to constitute the ports of Stomngton,
Mysvc River, and Pawcatuck,into a collection dis-
tuet: read twice, and ordered to be engrossed; and
then, by general consent, read the third time, and
pissed
Mr C J. 1NGERSOLL asked leave to submit
fie follow ng resolution-
Replied, that the Soerotaiy of State be directed to com
mumcjtc to Hi s House, at the beginning of the next session
of C ingresa, the mirnbei of all petsons who have applied,
thi\ju ho it the (Jnitt-d Slates, for the benefit of the bankrupt
aa the numui ot all who hive been finally discharged under
it, di tingimhitg each judtciil district, the amount of debts
petitioned against, tie amount of propelty suirendered, the
expetb*^ ineadn g tht- proceedings m bankiuptcy, the number
ofcornmi-.'noneiw appointed, the number of days on which the
judges have held their sessions concerning it, and the amount
of iunds remaining m ch^igc of assignees or other persons ju-
dicially mtiUbted with them
Mi. MORGAN objected.
Mr. IKGERSOLL mwved to suspend the rules,
but the motion was rejected.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON of Mary land pre-
sen'ed th? fo'lowtpg memorial:
To the honorajie the Senate and
¿louse of fieprei>erstatttesoffhe United States
The &u s ibfis  citizens 11 the United States, and resident
in the s; a p i f Peinsylvtinia by Ins heir memorial respectful
]y represent   ihat, a! hou 'i our nation is m full possession of
heaith, pe tee, and abundant haivests, we are far from the en
joymentol that happiness which is the only proper object of
enlightened 1 gislatm    Our piesent distress arises from the
mm fulfilment of fonttacts, extending fiom those of some of
our trostimportant sovereign States down to the smallest en
gage-rvnts of obscure individuals, and this by  no means
shrougn lacfc of value in possession, but from want of that in
which said obligations are dischargeable, viz—ready money
And we declare it as our firm belief, before God and ourcoun-
try, that honest debts cannot be paid—noble industry is turned
idle—private faith is broken up—and public credit is perish-
ing—solely for want of a propek Currency
A sufficient currency we cannot have by coin, a sound cur
rency we cannot have without a proper easts, this basis may
be found in the due appropriation of a small portion of the im-
mense and unvalued national domain
The public lands now unsold have been estimated, at Gov
ernment price, to be worth 82,000 000 000, we ask, for the pres
em, anticipation of only one tenth pait of this vast property, by
the creation of $200 000,000 of national stock, at such interest
as shall at once command capital at par, and the immediate dis
tribuí ion of this stock among the States, Territories, and the
District of Columbia, bv equitable allotment, viz
For each Senator tl 000,000, this will appropriate $52,000,
000—leaving the balance to be divided on the basis of repiesen
tation, as follows Assuming a Representative tor the District
of Columbia, and one, also, for each of the Territories, we shall
have 8600,000 foi each Representative, and a fractional balance
of the whole of $400,000, which balancemijhtbedivided equal-
ly between the three Territories and the District of Columbia,
and the allotment wotild then stand thus
District of Columbia, $700,000   Delaware               $2600,000
Florida       -         -    7U0,OPO   Maryland   -             6,800000
Wisconsin                  700000   Virginia               -14 600 000
Iowa                          700,000   North Carolina         9 800,000
Michigan     -            2600,000   South Carolina     -   7400000
Arkansas                  2600000   Georgia     •             7 400000
Maine         -         - 6800 000   Kentucky   •             9800,000
New Hampshire     - 5000 000   Tennessee •             9 800 000
Vermont     -            5 000,000   Ohio                      13400,000
Massachusetts        - 9 200 000   Louisiana   -         -   3,800 000
Rhode Island            3200 000   Alabama                  6,000000
Connecticut           - 5600000   Indiana                -   6 200 000
New York  -           26000,000   Illinois                 -   3 800000
New Jersey-         -5600 000   Mississippi-             3 2UO0O0
Pennsylvania         -1S800000   Missouri     -         -   3,200,000
200 000 000
In order to secure full confidence in the above as an invest
ment, we recommend an unconditional pledging of the avails
of actual sales of the ptiDlic lands for the íegular redemption of
this stock, and a sufficient increase 01 duties on foreign mer
chandise to ensure payment of the interest with rigorous pune
tuality.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland moved to refer
this memorial to a select committee, and called for
theyaas and nays; but they were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the reading of the me-
morial, and it was read
Mr. MORGAN observed, that several memorials
of this character had been referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and he would move to
refer it to that committee.
Mr C BROWN said tbat he bad no objection
to this memorial taking ihe usual legislative course,
by a reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means, but he was opposed to making it a special
case, by sending it to a select committee. He re-
joiced that these memorialists had not found a
Representative from Pennsylvania on tbat floor
who would come forward and ask CoDgress to as-
sist his State in paying her debts. Though Penn-
sylvania was temporarily embarrassed, he, as one
of her Representatives, protested against any one's
asking this Conpiess to assist her. She was able
to pay her own debts, and was now providing the
means to do so
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that the question was on the refer-
ence of the memorial
Mr. BROWN said that he was speaking to the
question of reference. He was advocating the
reference to the Committee of Ways and Mean ,
and showing why this memorial should take the
geneial course of legislation, instead of a special
one, as moved by the gentleman from Maryland.
If the memorial was sent to a select committee, it
would appear as if a special favor was asked for
the State of Pennsylvania, by taking it out of the
general course of legislation, and it would be re-
ported on m reference to that State.
He was opposed to it. His State asked no spe-
cial legislation m her favor, and he trusted in God
she never would. She was in debt, but she was
able to pay her debts, and would never come to
this Congress to be relieved, which was involving
her day after day in deeper debt. For one, he said
that his State had provided the ways and means to
meet her debts, and she would probably be sooner
relieved from'the difficulties in which she was in-
volved than the General Government. He did
net know who these Pennsylvanians were that the
memorial came from, but he trusted that they
would find no Pennsjlvaman here to advocate their
petition.
Mr. TOLAND asked if his colleage would say
that be would not present such a petition.
Mr. C. BROWN replied that he would not ad-
vocate any special legislation in a case like this.
He was willing that the memorial should take a
general course, but he was opposed to a reference
to a select committee.
Mr. TOLAND said that his colleague had not
answered his question. He wanted to know if his
colleague would refuse to present such a petition.
Mr. C BROWN said he would not present such
a petition and advocate it, and ask for special legis-
lation for his State. He was willing, as he said
before, that it should take the usual course; and he
would ask his colleague, m hi> turn, if hs would
come forward and ask for special legislation to re-
lieve his State from ber debts. He would present
any petition that was respecLul, but be would not
advocate it if he disapproved its prayer; nor would
he ask for special legislation for it. He put it to
his colleague whether he would ask for special
legislation in such a case as this.
Mr. TOLAND observed that, whether he would
advocate such a petition or net, was not now the
question. His mind was made up on the subj"ect,
and he was not in favor of an assumption of the
deb's of the States by the Federal Government.
He thought the time bad not arrived for the as-
sumption of the State debts—we had not yet ar-
rived at that crisis in the state of our alFairs. He
thought that Pennsylva-,i was able to pay her
debts, and in time to get out t( all her difficulties.
He had himself, under the Jate rule of ihe House,
laid on the C erk's table several memorials of the
same character as the o ie before them, and had
them referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
After some remarks in favor of the reference to
a select committee, Mr. JOHNSON called for the
previous question; which was seconded by the
House.
And the mam question beirg ordered,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the whole
subject on the table; which motion was carried—
yeas 166, nays 76.
Mr. FILLMORE offered a resolution calling
upon ihe Secretary of the Treasury to inform the
House what amount of money has been received
as duties on imports since the 30th of June last,
discriminating between the amount received on
bonds becoming due since that period, and the du-
ties actually paid since that time.
Mr. J. COOPER called for the orders of the
day.
Mr. HUBARD moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which ihe bill for the payment of the Iowa
militia was passed yesterday. The motion was
entered.
The reports made yesterday from the committees
of conference on the army bills were committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The order of the day for the morning hour was
then taken up, being the report of the Committee
on Indian Affair , v hich has occupied the morning
hour for some days past.
Mr PROFFIT was entd  d to Ihe floor; and he
continued and concluded the speech which he com-
menced on Saturday la^t, in vindication of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. CÜSH1NG next obtained the floor, and as
he rose to speak, there was a rush of members into
the body oí the House, and of strangers into the
gallery, which was immediaiely accounted for by
the appearance of John Tylek, jr , esq below the
bar, at 27 minutes past 11 o'clock, with a variety
of messages from the President of the United
States , among which, Veto No IV was expected.
He announced several bills to which the President
ot the United States had given his sanction, and
added: "I am also instructed by the President of
the United States to deliver to the House of Rep-
resentatives a message in writing." The messages
were dslivered to the Speaker, and when the mes-
senger had retired,
Mr. CU8HING proceeded with his remarks on
the order sf the day.
Mr. W. O JOHNSON rose (after Mr. Cushino
had proceeded for some minutes) to "a constitu-
tional point of order."
Mr. P&OFFIT.   The message has not been rf
