CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.                                         S«T
ceived by the House; and it is not the Veto Mes-
sage, I peesume
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON continued He con-
tended that the message just received should take
precedence of al! other business
Mr S MASON. Why, it is said the "Ditto"
has not come.
Mr. CÜSHING persisted in retaining ihe floor;
and said he did not intend to yield it until his time
had expired. He then continued with his remark?,
in reply to the speech of his colleague, [Mr.
Adams,] delivered on this subject some days ago.
Mr. FILLMORE rose when Mr Coshino re-
signed the floor, and inquired whether the morning
hour had not expired?
Mr. PRO FFIT    There are ten minutes yet.
Mr. FILLMORE moved the previous question
on the subject which had just occupied the atten-
tion of the House, but not with the view of having
it taken now—the morning hour being so near its
expiration; and, as there was a desire to hear the
message read, which rumor said was on the ta-
ble.
Mr CARUTHERS hoped the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fillmoms] would withdraw his
motion, as he (Mr C ) wished to say a few words
in reply
Mr FILLMORE said he wou'd assent, if the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mi. Caruthers]
would renew the motion when he had spoken.
Mr. CARUTHERS promised to do so
Mr. FILLMORE repeated that rumor said there
was a message on the table, which was of some
importance, and the House was pnxious to knovr
what it was      He moved that it be read.
The SPEAKER announced "A message from
the President of ihe United Sia es" and he handed
it to the Clerk, who read the following
MESSAGE.
To the House of Represen'alives of the United Slatet
It is. wuh unfeigned regret that I fiad mybelf un-
der the necessity of returning to the House of R •>
resentatives, with my (bjections, a bill entiled
"An act to provide reven te from imports, ana to
change and modify existing laws imposing duties
on imports, and for other purposes " Nothing can
be more painful to any individual called upon io
perform the chief executive duties under our lim-
ited CDnstitution, than to be constrained to with-
hold his assent from an important measure adopted
by the Legislature. Yet he would neither fulfil
the high purposes of his station, nor consult the
true interests or the solemn will of the people—the
common constituents oí both branches of the Gov-
ernment—by yielding his well considered, most
deeply fixed, and repeatedly declared opinions, on
matters of great public concernment, to those of a
co-ordinate department, witboutreque ting that d(-
partment seriously to n -exam ne the su >ject of
their difference. The exercise of korae independ-
ence of judgment in regard to all acts of legi-la-
uon, is plainly ímpued in the responsibility of ap-
proving them At all eiraes a duty, it becspiGS a
peculiarly solemn and impressive one when the
subjects passed u,>on oy Congress happen to in-
volve, as m the present instance, the most moment-
ous issues, to affect variously the various parts of
a great country, and to have given rise, in all quar-
ters, to such a conflict o4 opinions as to render it
impossible to conjecture, with any cer'amty, on
which side the majonty reallv is. Surelv, it the
pause for reflection intended by the wise authors
of the Cons ltution, by referring the subject back
to Congress for reeorsideration, be ever exp jient
and necessary, it is in precisely *uch a case as the
present
On the subject of distrirjuting the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, in the existing state of
the finances, it has been my duty to make known
my settled convictions on various occasion  du-
ring the present session of Congress At the open-
ing of the extra session, upwards of twelve months
ago, sharing fully in the genera*, hope of returning
prosperity and credit, I recommended such a distri
bution; but that recommendation was e'-en then ex-
pressly coupled with the condition that the duties on
imports should not exceed the rate of 20 per cent,
provided by the compromise act of 1833. These
feopes were not a Utile encouraged, and these views
strengthened, by the report of Mr. Ewmg, then
Secretary of the Treasury, which was shortly there-
after laid before Congress, in which he recom-
mended the imposition of duties at the rate of 20
per cent ad valorem on all free articles, with speci-
fied exceptions, and stated, "if this measure be
adopted, there will be received into the treasury
from customs in the last quarter of the present
year, (1841,) $5,300,000, in all of the year 1842,
about $22 500 000, and in the year 1843, after the
final reductien under the act 0f March 2,1833,
about |20,800,000," and adds, "it is believed that,
after the heavy expenditures required by the pub-
lic service in the present year shall have been pro-
vided for, the revenue which will accrue from that,
or a nearly proximate rate of duty, will be sufii-
cent to defray the expenses of the Government,
and leave a surplus to be annually applied to the
gradual payment of the national debt, leaving the
proceeds of the public lands to be disposed of as
Congress ¡ oah see fit." I was most happy that
Congress, al the time, seemed entirely to concur in
the recommendations of the Executive, and, antici-
pating the correctness of the Secretary's conclu-
sions, and in view of an actual surplus, passed the
distribution act of the 4th September last, wisely
limiting its operation to two conditions—having ref-
erence, bt ih of them, to a possible state of the
treasury, different from that which had been antici-
pated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and to the
paramount necessities of the public service. It or-
dained that if, at any lime dur ng the existence
of iKn' act, there should be an imposi'<on ef duties
on irr> >< rts inconsistent with the provisions of the
act of 2d March, 1833, and beyond the rate of du-
ties üxed bj th«it act, (to wit, 20 per cent, on the
value of such imports, or any of them,) then the
distributio/i should be suspended, and should con-
tinue so suspended, until thit cause should be re-
moved By a previous cause it had, m a like
spirit of wise and cautious patriotism, provided for
another case, (in which all are even now agreed,)
that the proceeds of the sales of ihe public lands
should be used for the defence of the country. It
was enacted that the act should continue and be in
force u^til otherwise provided by law, unless the
United S ate sbi uld become nvolved in war with
any fore r rower, in which event, from the com-
mencen ent of hostilities, the act should be sus-
pended until the cessation of hostilities.
Not long after the opening of the present session
of Congress, the unprecedented and extraordinary
difficulties that have recently embarrassed the
finances of the country began to assume a serious
aspect. It soon became quite evident that the
hopes under which the act of 4th September was
passed, and which alone justified it in the eyes
either of Congiess who imposed, or of the Exec-
utive who a¡ ^roved, the first of the two conditions
ju t recited, were not destined to be fulfilled Un-
der the pressure, theiefore, of the embarrassments
which had thus unexpectedly arisen, it appeared
to me that the course to be pursued had be n
clearly marked out foj the Government by that
act itself. The cosdition contemplated m it, s-s
requiring a suspension of its op ration had oc-
curred. It became necessary, in the opinions of all,
to raise the rate of duties upon imports above 20
per cent, and with a view both to provide availa-
ble means to meet pr sent exigencies, and to lay
the foundation for a successful negotiation of a
loan, I felt it incumbent upon me to urge upon
Congiess to raise the duties accordingly, imposing
them in a spirit of a wise discrimination, for the
two fold object of affording ample revenue for the
G wernment, and incidental protection to the va-
rious branches of domestic industry I also pressed,
in the most emphatic but respectful language I
could employ, the necessity of making the land
sales available to the treasury, as the basis of pub-
lic credit. I did not think that I could stand ex-
cused, much less justified, before the people of the
United States, nor could I reconcile it to myself, to
recommend the imposition of additional taxes upon
them, without, at the same time, urging the employ-
ment of all the legitimate means of the Govern-
ment towards satisfying its wants. These opinions
were communicated in advance of any definitive
action of Congress on the subject either of the tariff
or land sales, under a high sense of public duty,
and in compliance with an express injunction of
the Constitution; so that if a collision (extremely
to be deprecated as such collisions always are) has
seemingly arisen between the Executive and Le-
gislative branches of the Government, it has as-
suredly not been owisg to any capricious inter-
ference, or to any want of a plain and frank dec-
laration of opinion, on the part of the former.
Congress differed in its views with those of the
Executive, as it had undoubtedly a right to do;
and passed a bill virtually for a time repealing the
proviso of the act of the 4th September, 1841.
The bill was returned to the House in which it
originated, with my objections to its becoming a
law. With a view to prevent, if possible, an open
disagreement of opinion on a point so important,
I took occasi n to declare that I regarded it as an
indispensable prerequisite to an increase of duties
above 20 per cent, that the act of the 4th Septem-
ber should remain unrepealed in its provis ons.
My reasons for that opinion were elaborately set
forth m the message which accompanied the re-
turn of the bill—whtch no constitutional majority
appears to have been found for passing in o a law.
The bill which is now before me proposes, in
its 27th section, the total repeal of one of the pro-
visoes in the act of September, and, while it in-
creases the duties above 20 per cent, d.rec's an
unconditional distribution of the land proceeds I
am therefore subjected a second time, in the period
of a few days, to the necessity of euh r giving
my approval to a neasure which, in my deliberate
judgment, is m conflict with great public interests;
or of returning it to the House in which it origi-
nated, with my obif-ctions With all my anxiety
for the passage of a law wh ch would replenish an
exhausted treasury, and furnish a sound and
healthy encouragemprt to mechanical industry,
I cannot consent to do so at the sacrifice of the
peace and harmony of the country, and tue clear-
est convictions of public duty.
For some of the reasons which have brought
me to this conclusion, I refer to my previous
messages to Congress, and briefly subjoin ihe fol-
lowing •—
1. The bill unites two subjects, which, so far
from having any affinity to one another, are wholly
incongruous in their character. It is both a rev-
enue and an appropriation bill. It thus imposes
on the Executive, in the first place, Ihe necessity
of either approving that which be *«uld reject,
or rejecting that which he might otl v ise approve.
This is a species of constraint to which the judg-
ment of the Executive ought not, in my opinion,
to be subjected. But that is not my on'y objection
to the act in its p-esent form. The union of sub-
jects wholly dissimilar in their character in the
•same bill, it it grew into a practice, wruld Hot fail
to lead to consequences destructive of all wise and
conscientious legislation. Various measures, each
agreeable only to a small minority, mignt, by
being thus united, (ind the more, the greater chance
of success,) lead to the passing of laws, of which
no single provision could, if standing alone, com-
mand a majority in its favor.
2 While the treasury is in a state of extreme
embarrassment, requiring every dollar which it
can make available, and when the Government
has not only to lay additional taxes, but Jo borrow
money to meet pressing demands, the bill proposes
to giveaway a fruitful source oí revenue—which
is the same thing as raising money by loan and
taxation—not to meet the wants of the Govern-
ment, but for distribution: a proceeding which
I must regard as highly impolitic, if not unconsti-
tutional.
A brief review of the present condition of the
public finances will serve to illustrate the true con-
dition of the treasury, and exhibit its actual neces-
sities. On the 5th of August, (Friday last,) there
was in the treasury, in round numbers, 02,150,000
Necessary to be retained to meet trust
funds       .           .           . «360,000
Interest on public debt due in
October   .           .           -     80,000
To redeem treasury notes and
pay the interest   .           .   100,000
