r
na"1!,',-: m.:.^/."-.!-';:""'" iri: "'"-',"■,  ■    ,■-, ,>,■■■,„■ ■-
submitted:to the Senate for their confirmation, iri
the same manner «s the officers of the army.
."JPhe next legislation on the subject will be found
in the 9th section of the act entitled "An act to re-
duce and fix the military peace establishment of
the United States," approved March 2, 1821; "and
that there shall be one commissary of purchase?,
and two military storekeepers, to be attached to the
purchasing department;" and the said act of March
2,1831, furnishes the only authority for appointing
storekeepers of any description whatever.
The twenty-three storekeepers, over and above
the two under the act of 1821, are now in service,
without the sancti >n of law or necessary implica-
tion. Nor do the requirements of the service de-
mand such agents. When the Ordnance Djpart-
ment was nearly doubled, in 1838, it was expressly
understood that storekeepers would not afterwards
be required.
Both committees, with the evidence before them,
thought these officers unnecessary, and unauthor-
ized by law.
Besides the two surgeons and ten assistant-
surgeons already dismissed in the bill, the com-
mittee had recommended the dismissal of ene
inspector-general,.
The committee recommend that the Senate
agree to all the amendments cf the House redu-
cing extra allowances.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana addressed the
committee in opposition to the conference repoit.
He based hi; opposition chiefly on the ground that
the report proposed to abolish the military store-
keepers, and transler the duties proposed by them
to officers, giving no bond, and affordirg the Gov-
ernment no security that the large amount of
property cojnmg into their possession would be
faithfully administered.
Mr. FESSENDEtf addressed the House at
length in support of the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. ADAMS spoke his hour, which he occupied
with a constitutional argument, in reply to the as-
sumption of President Tyler that he is an indepen-
dent branch of the legislative power of the country,
and aWo in rpply to the speech of his colleague,
[Mr. Cushinq ]
Mr. MARSHALL next addres ed the commit-
tee, chiefly in reply to the gentleman from Massa
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and against a reduction of
the arm v.
Mr. J CAMPBELL inquired whether the re-
port of the confidence committees would have to
be concurred in or rejected without amendment.
The CHAIR replied that it could not be amend-
ed.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL then sitd that he honed tha
report would be rejected. H1 thought the confer-
ence committees had transcended their power, and
introduced new matter into the bill. He regarded
the abolition of the office of storekeeper as highly
improper. These storekeepers gave heavy bonds
for the faithful performance of their duties; an'l
without tbem, there could be no mode of holding
officers of the Ordnance department to proper ac-
countability, except through courts martial, where
the responsibility could nut always be traced to its
proper source. Should the leport he agreed to in
Committee of the Wh le, he shou'd press thepiiht
of order be had raised in the House—that the
committee of conference had transcended their
powers.
Mr. W. B. CALHOUN opposed the report, and
contended that the views of the majority in the
House had not been represented in the conference
committee. He argued at leng'h against the mili-
tary superintendence now established at th1; ar-
mories, and in favor of restoring the old system.
The hour of 4 o'clock p. m having arrived,
Mr. EVERETT moved that the Committee of
the Whole recommend that the House disagree f>
the report of the committee of conference, and ask
another eonferenee.
Mr. STANLY called for teller?, which wre ap-
pointed, (Messrs. Cowen and Turney ;) and they
reported ayes 91, noes not counted.
Oft motion of Mr. BARTON, the committee then
rose; and the chairman reported to the House that
the iomraittee recommended a disagreement to the
*
CQNGHESglONAL GLUM.
report of the committee of conference, and the ap*
pointment of a new ommittee.
Mr. BRIGGS was about to address the House,
but yielded the floor, with the understanding that
no oiher gentleman would speak.
The question was then taken on disagreeing to
the report of the committee of conference, and car-
ried in the affirmative.
Much confusion then ensued—various members
endeavoring, at the same time, to get particular
business up before the House.
Mr. ROOSEVELT wished to have his motion to
reconsider the adjournment resolution taken up.
Mr. McKAY gave notice of his intention to
move a reconsideration of the vote of yesterday,
on the bill for the payment of the Florida militia.
Mr. FILLMORE made a remark in relation to
the army bill—not heard.
Mr. ADAMS suggested that it would be ne:es-
sary to act upon the bill for the reorganization of
the army.
Mr. McKENNAN moved that the House go
into committee on the bill to provide for naval
hospitals on the Western waters.
Mr. HOLMES moved an adjournment; upon
which motion the yea? and nays were taken at the
call of Mr McKENNAN, (much excited,) who
said the House should not adjourn earlier than 6
o'clock during the remainder ot the sesiion.
The House refuted to adjourn—yeas 65,
nays 113.
Mr. McKENNAN then renewed his motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on t'ae slate of
the Union: eirried—yeas 83.
Mr. McKENNAN moved that the committee
take up the bill making appropriations for sites for
marine hospitals on the Western waters.
Mr. ARNOLD. The bill reducing the compen-
sation of members of Congress.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. The bill for the relief
of Major General Andrew Jacfaon.
Mr THOMPSON of Mu,sis¡.ippi. House bill
No. 331.
Mr. COWEN    Senate bill No 53.
Mr. TURNEY.    House bill No   269.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The bill from the Com-
mittee oa the Judiciary, to suoply certain defects,
in tne laws imposing duties on imports.
The question was taken upon the first-mmed bill,
and the Chairman anrouneed it to be decided in
ihe affirmative. Many members, at the same
time, calling for a count; which the Chair did not
make.
Mr. C J INGERSOLL appealed from the de-
cision oí the Chair He denied lhat the qneslion
could be decided whilst a count was called for and
not taken.
Much confusion followed; durirg which, thoueh
many members attempted to adiress the commit-
tee, no one was allowed to be heard.
During the confusion prevailing, the Chairman
rose and said it would be seen that he had not the
physical power to keep order.
Mr. C. BROWN said the Chairman [Vr
Clark] had better fnd out the way to do riphl!
His conduct was an arbitrary atlempt to do a fla-
grant wrong, and would not be submitted to by thf
committee, if it l«d any respect for rselfor its
rights.
After some further no'=e,
Mr. TURNEY moved that the cosimittee rise:
rejected—yeas 73, nays 79
Mr. TURNEY expressed a desire to have the
marine hospital bill laid a-ide to be reported, and
Hou^e bill 269 taken up
A calm hiving now com  '.ver the committee—
Mr. COWEN addressed the Chair in opposi ion
to the bill. He contended thai the contract to fell
the'-e sites, for whtch th^ bill con'amed an appro-
priation, wa? conditional.
Mr. McKENNAN rep'ied, and advocated the
appropriation.
Mr. MALLORY inquired ir>w the hospitals were
to be supported—by the Government, out of the
treasury, or by a tax up n the seamen?
Mr. McKENNAN replied that the seamen
would be taxed to create a fund for the support of
the hospital—20 cents a month.
£6£
Mr. SPRIGG addressed the committee in favor;
of the bill.
Mr. McKAY opposed it, and cin tended that it
would invo've a great «xpense to the Government.
The contract for the sale of the property forsites was
only conditional, upon the riettimination of the
Government to establish marine hospitals. Tije es-
ta ilishment of these hospitals would incur the ne-
cessity of large expend'turei for s'iperin'endents,
keepers, &c. Should th,i bill pas*, u would be but
a beginning, and would be followed by applicants
for hospitals in all quarters.
Mr. REYNOLDS advoca'ed the Ml as a meas-,
ure of relief to the sailors of the Wo '.
Mr. GWIN said that, in addrion to what had
been stated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. McKennan.] as to i he etr>birra'<ments that
had been broueht upon the individuals who had.
sold their property to the Governrno nt for sites foe
hospitals in default of payment, tt-at the gentleman,
in Natchez, from whom the purchase was made, is
now reduced to poverty; and has been, in part, ru-
ined by the want of this money. Ho had received
a letter from him within a few days, urging the
passage of a law to pay him his motiey; and it was
most unjust to withhold it longer.
He was astonished at the oppes lion to this bill,
because it may tend to the ertabh-huient of hos-
pitals at the points selected. No pai t of the Uni-
ted Slates needed hospitals «o .rioe'i—< s?eciatly\)a
the lower Mississippi, der iv* •''. p.cva'tnce of
yeliowfever mNewOilra«s P~n,'.ns travelling
up the river are liable to be abar-cu t-'th the dis-
ease, and often aie put as.iore, and dio wi hout
>h*lter, for want ef ho^pita's. Citiz,n^ v ill not ad-
mit those afflicted v, uh cot)!-g'"!!is diseases into
their houses; and they may die. for want of the at-
tention that could be bestowed upon them if they
entered hospitals. He had reeeWed a letter from
the mayor of the city of Viclr.bsrg, s.nce he had
taken his seat here, stating that the corporate au-
torities of that city had paid, lvt yir, ton thous-
and dollars in establishing a ho ~. tai Tor destitute
foreigners.
it was a most onerous tax upon the citizen's of
that place, borne down as rhcy are by the embar-
rassmsues of the times; and he had determined to
ask an appropriation /or a hospital at that point,
rut had been deterred firm th<- hifelessnesi of the
ease; seeing such aa unwillirgn-ss to pav for the
site aheady purchased in that State at Natchez.
This question, important as it was to his constitu-
ents, was mflaitely more so to th- ettiz'ns of Mis-
souri, Kentucky, Tennessee, On >, Ind ana, and
Illinois wh° annually trade to N w Orleans, and
other points on the Mississippi and O.iio rivers. Ma-
ny valuable lives are lost for the want of bo-pitals,
especially at New Oiler :!", NMc' ez, rid Vicks-
burg The one m New 0,'oarn o st il unfinished.
An appropriation cf fifteen 'hi usand dollars would
complete it; yet not an effo i h s I en ¡nade this
session to get th s apprcpna'ion <u finish sj im-
portant a public woilt.
Ke would not trouble f-c 7Iou e, at this lata
hour of the day, with aijyfuitl.er rttn«iks. He
hoped this bill would not orij be p>.«sed, but that
the hospital* would be commerced and finished 
A more useful expenditure of m troy cou'd not bet
mad'; H was in a section cf the Uuion which paya
mil ions into the treasury, arid w, ne none of tha
public money is expended.
Mr. STANLY < fF'red an amendntr t, m;kicg
an appropnation for a marine ho>p.lal i>i Noilh
Ca'olma
Mr. POPE advocated th  bill, an i regretted that
any attempt should be rrade to am..lid it.
Mr. STEESROD offered an amendment, ma-
king an appropriation of £5,500 for a marine hos-
pital at Wheeling, V<t. He adhered the com-
mi'tee for some urns in favor ot ma'ine hospitals
on the Western waters.
Mr. COWEN replied to the a gaments adduced
in favor of the bill.
The amendments offered fcy Messrs Ctaklt
and Stebnrob were then rejected. ThA bi'l was
then laid aside to be reported.
On motion of Mr. T. J. CAMPBELL, t' c com-
mittee took up the bill from the Ser.ite e>i:¡>lc4
"An aet to provide for the paytsent of houes o?
