81Ó
«tner property lost or destroyed in the military ser-
vice of the united States "
After a brief discussion thereon, (the bill being
thereby placed first in order of those referred to
the Committtee of the Whole on the state of the
Uaioh,) the committee rose, and, through their chair-
man, reported to the House the bill making appro-
priations for sites for marine hospitals
Mr McKENNAN hoped the bill would be now
acted on in the House.
A motion to adjourn was, however, made and
carried, and the House adjourned at 6 o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 10,1842.
The PRESIDENT pro Urn. 4aid before the Sen-
ate a message figm the President of the United
States, transmitting a letter from the Acting Sec
retary cf the Treasury, covering a report from the
Com-nfcsioner of the Public Buildings, showing the
amount of payments for work done on the Penn-
sylvania avenue.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
—~~ THE NAVY PENSION FUND.
Mr PRESTON remarked that there were some
Senators who wished to record their voles on prop-
ositions connected with the bill which passed the
Senate yesterday, making appropriations to supply
the deficiency in the navy pension fund. He
therefore moved to reconsider the vote on its
passage
The question was put on the motion, and it was
earned in the affiimative; and the bill was laid on
the table foi the present.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, House bills
for the relief of Dorothea Bowner and Jacob Jack-
son; and recommended their pa sage.
Mr HENDbRSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which bad been referred
House bills for the relief of H. Eugene Borell and
Thomas W. Clunn, reported the same back with-
out amendment.
Also, reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, House bills for the relief of
Antonio Chenno, Jame  Journey, and Elizabeth
Burrei=s, her heirs or assigns.
Mr BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju
dieiary, reported back, with an amendment, the
bill from the House changing the time of holding
the district court cf the United States for the west-
ern district of" Virginia, and for other purposes.
Mr TAPPAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been recommitted the
documents touching the claim of Joseph Campan,
made a favorable report, which was read, and or-
dered to be prinfed.
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, the bill which
he had, in an early part of the session, introduced,
to increase the pay of certain officers in the reve
nue service, while serving m the navy of the Uni-
ted States, was taken up lor consideration, but,
On the motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, who wish-
ed to s,.y something explanatory of the amendments
recommended to be made to the bill by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, it was postponed till to-mor-
row.
POLICE FOR WASHINGTON.
Mr. SEVIER said that, on his motion, en yes-
terday, the bill establishing a police to protect the
public and p'ivate property in the cuy cf Wash-
ington, was. laid on the table. Since then, the
hardships of the case had been pointed out to him
by some of the citizens, who were indignant at the
disposition made of the bill He therefore moved
to reconsider the vote laying the bill on the table.
The question was put, and the motion was carried
in the affirmative
Then, añer a few remarks by Mr. BAYARD,
explana trry of the bill—
On mo ion of Mr. SEVIER, its further consid-
eration was postponed till to-morrow.
The Senate bill to extend the right of pre-emp-
tion to ceitam settlers in the Territory of Iowa,
came up in order, as in committee of the whole,
tut-
On motion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, the bill
from the House entitled An act to grant pre-emp-
¡CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
tion rights to settlers in the Dubuque claim, (so
called,) in the Territory of Iowa, being for the
same object, but less objectionable in its details,
was taken up, in lieu of the S nate bill
The bill was debated bv Messrs. SMITH of
Indiana HUNTINGTON, CONRAD, LINN,
WALKER, BENTON, and McROBERTS, and,
ihere being no proposition to amend the bffr, it
was reported to the Senate, and finally passed
Mr. RIVES, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which had been referred several me-
morials of claimants, complaining of the conduct
of Mexico and the Mexican convention for ihe ad-
justment of claims; and certain documents from
the State Department, touching the same subject,—
made a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr R said ihat he should, when the report came
up for discussion, move that the committee be
discharged from the consideration of the subject^
for the reasons «et forth in the report.
Mr CALHOUN presenled two memorials, from
Gadsden county, Florida, praying for the admis-
sion of lhat Territory, as a State, m'o the Union,
and for a donation of land , which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
THE NAVY RATIONS.
Engrossed bill, entitled An act to establish and
regulate the navy rations, was read the third time,
and passed.
Engrossed bill, entitled An act to extend the
time on which the duties on certain railroad iron
imported by the State of MieUgan, being laid
down for permanent use, may be remitted, cama
up on its third reading ,' when
Mr. BUCHANAN made some remarks on the
impropriety of admitting ra'lroad iron free of duty
at this time.
Messrs PORTER and WOODBRIDGE spoke
in favor of the bill, showing that it was merely to
operate on non already imported, bu' which ihat
State, owing to its embarrassments, had not been
able to lay down wuhin the time pieic i i.d by the
law allowing the importation free of duty The
bill was then read the third t me, and pissed. ..
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, the, bill
from the House entitled An act to regulate the tes-
timony in cases of contested elect ons,andfor other
purposes, (which was arrested on,.)ts second read-
ing,) was taken up, read the second time, and íe-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. '
PURSERS IN THE NAVY.  /
Mr ARCHER moved to proceed to the special
orders, for the purpose of laKing up the b 11 for the
regulation of the pay and emoluments oi pursers
in the navy.
The further consideration of the bill was re-
sumed as in committee of the wnole—the question
pending being on the fust amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Naval Affairs, which
was lo reduce the proposed salaries of pursers.
Mr WILLIAMS briefly explained.
Mr KING objected to the amount of salary pro-
posed ¡or each purser. He denied taat pursers
had to perform dutie& of such rtspons b ivas had
been alleged they were the dut es of a mere ac-
countant, and could be pel formed by an/ ordinary
clerk ot industrious and honest hab<ts
\
.......\        .....I J..I-I-.......fur i■-■     i   Fin    ■1iii-.|i.....iiil iii    ,,. ,■ „. ,.t„.i       iTg  !■"■«■
\        /THE MARINE CORPS.                 "
The bitf to augment and reorganize the marine
corps wasf taken up, as m committee of the whole,
and read?
Several amendments recommended by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were then successively
read and adop'ed. They were mostly reductions
and modificaucns of the proposed augmentation.
Mr ARCHER then submitted a new amend-
ment, to go in at the end of the bill, where it would
stand as the fourth section It was to confer
power on the colonel or commandant of marines
to assemble courts martial, according to the usages
of the army
The amendment was adopted.
The bill being ready to be reported back to the
Senate as amended—
Mr. ARCHER handed to Ihe Secretary a com-
munication, which was read, se'ting forth Ihe ne-
cessity for the proposed augmentation of the ma-
rine corps1.
Bv this commumcption it appeared thai upwards
of 200 supernumerary marines were enlisted for
guarding the navy->ards and marine depots—
making the marine corps at present over 1,200
Mr CALHOUN inquired by what authority of
law these additional 200 marines had been en-
listed?
Mr. ARCHER said there was no legal authority
at all for their enlistment. He understood the ne-
cessity ot employing supernumeraries to waich the
[ ublte property arose out of the fact that the regu-
lar marinea had been draughted onboard thediffer-
eit ships requiring them to make up their comple-
•aents, so that there was no al'ernative left to the
department but to employ fresh hands to guard the
yards and depots He requested a letter, which he
handed in on the subject, might be read.
The letter was read. It stated in detail the ne-
cessity of the case.
Mr HUNTINGTON had for some time been
aware tbatsome addition to the marine corps was
necessary, but he was not yet sat sfied to what ex-
tent He knew that the department had been
driven to the necessity oLpickmg up transient per-
sons to act as watchmen, for the protection of the
public property in the navy-yards and depots. It
was certainly desirable to place that duty in the
hands of ths marine corps
Mr. BAYARD said that the amount of plun-
der carried away by those transient watchmen was
inconceivable The saving, iii this respect alone,
would more than pay the increased expense of the
marine corps.
Mr. SEVJER ínomred what increase was to be
made to the marine corps'—whether the depart-
ment had recommended the provisions of the bill?
—anJ whether the plan met the approbation of the
Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr. ARCHER answered the three questions in
the affirmative. He then stated that tne very ir-
regularity alluded to by the Senator from South
Caro'ma [Mr. Cílhodn] had grown out of the ne-
ces i y of thH augmentation of the marine corps.
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked how many men
were alloyed, by existing laws, to be enlisted for
the pr  ent corps?
Mr WILLIAMS replied, 1,000, and to th'S
complement, 59 officer  were allowed. The prop-
o Hion now before the Senate was to add 1,000
men, and 37 officer. Tnere aie at present 250
1350'] more lhan the 1,0C0 authorized by law.
The draights from the several yards, to fill up the
complemcr of marines n the several ships of the
navy, had drain-d th-m < t the few which u^ed to
have charge of ta se est&b ishments. In conse-
quece  of ¡us, c iznns had to be employed as
watenmea, at $1 50 ? day each, whereas the pay
of themarm-s is but $7 a monih each. The de-
partment had repeaitdly applied to Congress for
the necessary increase He believed the difficulty
was increased by some 2C0 < r 250 of the marines
being errrged in toe service in Florida.
Mr. CHOA1E observed that this was not a new
enterprise of the Secretary of the Navy So long
back as the 15th Octobei, 1839, the department
urged the necessity 0f adding 1,400 to the marine
corps. He pointed out the use of marines on board
ship, where they are essential as aids to the officers
Mr WILl la MS observed that tV i^pon-sibili-
ty was con ldtrcd such, by the Government, as to
require thai each purser sh ll give bonds ?nd secu-
rity to the amount of $25 000 for the faithful j er-
formsnee of his dunes He referred to several
congressional documents to show that thá respon-
sibilities and duties of pursers were as great as
tho«e of any officer connected with the navy or
army
Mr CHOATE contended that never, till now,
had the remuneration of pursers been ts'imakd o
low as m this bill He considered the situatioi
not only one oi great responsibility, but one which
requires great ability, integrity, an-1 general capa
city to fill.
The amendment was then adopted.
The other amendments were read, and severally
adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the amendments we.e concurred in. It was'
ordered to be engrossed, and read a third time.
