Concessional globe.                                wt
of the navy in the preservaron of discipline and
prevention of mutiny.
Mr. CUTHBERT believed that a certain por-
tion of marines should be kept up at sea. He did
not consider citizens employed by the day, in the
mere capacity of wafehmen, as fit for guarding
navy depots as regular manned Recurring ¡o the
question of authority for enlisting more marines
than was sanctioned by law,it would be necessary to
keep in view that the law is different as respects
marines, and as respec's sailor?. The appropria-
tions for sailors are so much, and the number of
sailors depends on the amount— hat is, the num-
ber to be enlisted may go on till it reaches what
will be covered by that amount. Not so with re
gard to marines, both the number to be enlisted
and the pay are 1 mited by law; and any usurpa
tion beyond the law, is justly a subject of in-
quiry.
Mr. ARCHER explained that the Committee
on Naval Affairs had recommended considerable
modifications of the proposed increase. Although
some «regularity had taken place, it bad grown
oat of the necessity ot the case This new arrange-
ment would be, in realny, a great saving to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HUNTINGTON was proceeding to show
that less than a thousand marines were now in ser-
vice, when interrupted by
Mr. ARCHER, whs explained that not only
was the full number au honzed by law enhs'ed, but
there were actua'ly 360 men more employed than
sanctioned by law
Mr. HUNTINGTON continued, stating that if
2,000 marines were shown to be absolutely neces
sary, he would not object to the expense. Bat if
this necessity could mt be shown, he would hesi-
tate, in the present comution of the country, about
agreeing to the proposition.
Mr ARCHER observed that the demand of the
department was for 2 000 additional marines.
Th" committee had a-^ieed to recommend only an
addition of 630 i' 1 odd men, which, with the 360
employed no , vu.oit authority of law, would
make the second he i<and The present corps
conoiuts of 1,000 mili ¿nd 59 officer^- the addition
will be 1,000 men and 37 officers Even this is
not enough, accordi"^ to the estimate of the depart-
ment. Bnt t' e ecnmittee was not prepared io
recommend, in the present condition of the coun-
try, the ful! inciease demanded
Mr WOODBURY had not, for some year", been
familiar wit  this subject, but, when he was con-
versant with such affairs, be did consider the ma
rines a most useful gua-d, and important in the
service; but be never thought they should, as in
regiments of the army, have field officers. There
must be a colonel or he >d If the corps is to be
augmented, it is proper to dispense with all un
necessary field officers They are merely nonrnal
—having no r al duties to perform The question
is, whether an inrrea and to what amount, is
necessary Nobody supposed mce than from 40
to 50 men would be required at each yard on shore.
There are seven yards tobeguarded, winch, at most,
wouldnotrequre an increase of more than 300 men.
The watchm n employed for the protection oí these
yards, for some time back, were not, as supposed,
through some strange misapprehension, under any
necessity of being enhsted as marines Toey were
only hired, as carpenteis are bued, or any other
citizins, to perform certain dunes for the Govern
ment. If the navy was placed on a regular peace
establishment, there nvould be no necessity for an
increase of the marine corps. As it is, there are
not eight hundred guns afloat, and the usual com-
plement of marines to each ship is one for every
gun; so that eigh' hundred would be sufficient at
sea and surely four hundrel would be enough
onshore. But if it is decided that the yards mu t
be guarded by marines, there wou'd, of course, be
a necessity for some adduion. This addition need
not, however, exceed from three to fiv hundred.
It the Navy t>epi>itment says these yards must be
guarded by marines, he would be in favor of some
addition—though no*, certainly, to the exten' pro-
posed.
Mr CHOATE read a few sentences from the
{Uinual report of the S«cretary of the Navy, point-
ing out the necessity for an increase of the marine
corps, to three times the number now allowed.
The report sta es that citizens are obliged to be
employed as guards and watchmen, at wages far
higher than the pay of marines; and that these
men are not amenable to the rigor of martial law
or discipline of arms—a great disadvantage to the
service.
Mr. CUTHBERT wished to know from the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, if
the 200 or 250 men emp'o}ed over the number
authorized by law are actually enlisted, and wear-
ing the uniform of the marine corps?
Several Senators expressed a desire that the bill
might be postponed, to give time for further con-
sideration
Mr HUNTINGTON moved to postpone it till
to-morrow
Mr CALHOUN hoped it would be allowed to
he over, and that morp exact information would be
procured on those points which had been adven-
ed to.
Mr. ARCHER, after a few remarks, concurring,
the further consideration of the bill was postponed
till to-morrow.
STEAMSHIPS OF WAR
The Senpte bill No 241, to authorize the Secre
iary of the Navy to contract for the b nldmg of
certain steam vessels for the service of the navy of
the Utnied States, and appropriating one million of
dollars for that purpose, was next taken up, at Mr
ARCHER'S request.
Mr ARCHER observed that, in the present con-
dition of the treasury, the Committee on Naval
Affairs would be induced to waive parsing this bill,
unless some gentlemen thought a portion of the
vessels might be built. He would, it there wai
no such suggestion, move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. B'UCHANANandMi CUTHBERT hoped
the bill, at such an unpropittous time, would be
laid on the table
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, aware that the Senate
considered this an unpropitious time to augment
the expenses of the departments, w<uld not press
any motion in support of the bill, he, however,
pointed out the importance oí seme speedy action,
for the purpose of providing a steamship force on
the lakes, and adverted to the exertions of Great
Bn'ain to gain the enure command of those waters,
as well as of the Gulf of Mexico, by means of her
steamships
Mr ARCHER admitted that there was much
force in ttie Senator's remarks, and he doubted not
that ihe subject was attracting the attention of the
whole country, and would lead to the adoption of
the system recommended. At present, he would
move to lay the bill on ll.e table
Mr CUTHBERT urged as another reason why
th1 Government should not construct those vessels
now, thpt experiments were making m mac'urery
wnn a view to its application hereafter to steam
vessels
Ii was pccordtngly laid on the table.
Mr FRE3TON moved to go into executive
 e'sion
The Senate then went into executive se< ion,
ard, after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday August 10, 1842.
Mi MALLORY, irom the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported two Senate bil s
Mr. J. C CLARK, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported several Senate bills, with and
without amendments; al o a bill "authorizing the
elimination and survey of the harbor of Memphis,
Tennessee," which was lead twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union
Mr BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made a report, accompanied by a
bill for the relief of John T. Skinner, and the
legal representatives of Isaac Greer • read tr/ice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
Mr FILLMORE then called up the business of
the morning hour—the report from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, in relation to the refusal of
the Secretary of War to furnish information la-
the House, respecting the frauds alleged to have
been committed upon the Cherokee Irdians.
Mr. CARUTHERS, who was entitled to the
fluor, addressed the House at length in justifica-
tion of the report of the committee, (which censures
the Secretary of War,) and in reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pbofht ]
He contended that the power assumed by the
Executive to institute commissions, and investigate
frauds, was unwarranted by the Cor" i'iuion, and
contrary to the genius of our Govenintnt.
Mr C concluded by moving the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House—ayes
82, noes 70.
Mr. BOWNE called for the veas end nays on
ordering the roam question; which were ordered.
The morning hoar having^expired—
/     The SPEAKER announced the special order to
be the reconsideration of the la-iff I ill, returned
yesterday with the objections of the President
Mr ADAMS, who bad the floor, made, in the
commencement of bis remarks, som- observations,
which were lost to the reporter, before order was ,
sufficiently restored- they were underltood, how-/
ever, to be as expressions of his regret at the col/
lision which had taken place betweeníhe execif-
tive and legislative branches of tt-e GavernmeSt.
He was understood, further, to expre -Alt ay his
opinion, that if the President hsd yielAd /p his
opinions to the majority in C >rgre«s, assigned
the bill, everything would ha^  if en forgotten and
forgiven him—everything trw i ?.l ta'ren place be-
fore, and which had canned tbat Ma e of di«tre s m
which the country was at present nvolvd, and in
which he feared it was dc-uned long to continue,
wo ¿Id have been remedied. Pe, ce,p.csperuy, cred-
it, and honor would bave taken the p'ace of all these
distresses which no-r harg over ihe country. The
mere reconcilement of the two branches of the
Legislature with the Executive would, of itself, have
been bailed with j >j, and that reconcilement would
have been the harbinger of jojous and prosperous
times to the ciuntry. Sir, ( aid Mr. A.,) that
hope has been b'avted, ard now, by the paper be-
fore the Hiuse, the exee"!ve and legislative
branches of the Government a e pl?ced in a state
of civil war, and for which 'here was, m his opin-
ion, no remedy, but that remedy wh ch the people
mu>t take in their own ham's. War, h° said, was
declared; and he admitted now that en the part of
the Executive him-elf, th re va^ no retreat with-
out disgrace; and he held that this and the other
House of Congress could not re'reat, wi hout being
di graced also. The position -was taken on both
side ; the issue was «tveu and accept"d, and now,
there was nothing left but an appeal to the God
of battle*—which might God, m his infinite mercy,
prevent.    [Laughter ]
The issue war complete, and row, though not
concurring in the sentircnts of his cotieigui, [Mr.
Gushing,] that it wa  the d Aim ( f 'bis Congress
to accomphsn the p.oM<"aiion ofth" Government ot
the country, he concurre I with hir m the result;
and the question now tta<, m whom tie rt'pon«i-
bihty would rest His c ' cágu" had already laid
this responsibility on Contris—iiea1- rag thereby
the r&ajontj of the two Hous-s. They were told
>esterday by another gentleman, that, although he
did nit concur in the imputa ion thrown on Con-
gress by his colleague, and nal, irom an esprit da
corps, when the question "hould come to issue, he
would be found with the Hou^e Td w'hCong'ess,
yet they would find it a difficult t?sk to put it on
trn  shoulders where it belonged, and c-st it from
themselves Assuming that ih< r  was no'h.ng
further to take plac on thii subject betneen the
Executive and the Legisla ure—wbico,. as ne said
beiore, could not lake place without disgrace 01
one side or the other—he wiskd to submt a few
observations of inquiry as to mht.se the responsi-
bility should fall.
He should not have to enter iaio thed<"ail«of the
comparison which would oe nccts ari for the peo-
ple of this country to institute between the pro-
ceedings of the Congress of the Uni'cd S ates, and
the proceedings of the Executive, since he ha Í beta
in the executive chair. He would Mmnly allude
to the points which it would be nee ar> to dis-
cuss, in comparing the acts and proceedings oí the,
