utatir   fn 11      i. «¡'.' '                                  i   i      i                                       i
inheritance, and make the desert blossom like the
rose. That was the purpose of the distribution;
and the States bad contracted debts, mainly for
that very improvement of the public domain, to
the extent of §195,000,000. He had got a state-
ment of the whole, and of the purposes and objects
for which they were contracted.
He was obliged to pass over the further consid r-
ation of that subject, and go to another, and now,
with respeGt to the responsibility which must come
on this House, and the responsibility which must
rest on the President of the United States They
were threatened with all sorts of evils for their
course, and the President was to be raised higher
than the stars for his resistance to them 1 hey
(the members of the House) had but   short t«me
to live; on the 3i of March next this Congre « dies,
be its works good or evil. They were in the last
days of their existence, for they must tecessanly
adjourn in a few days, and then there would re-
main but three months to them. Politically, then
every man there was dead, except those who had
been re elected. They had declared that Massa-
chusetts., in the next Congress, should have but ten
members. Two had been screwed out cf them,
and he (Mr. Adams) might as likely be one of
the two, as any other member from Massachi's  ".
Then many gentlemen had declined re elec or—
distinguished gentlemen on both sides. There
was the distinguished member from South
Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] of the opposition,
and there was also the distinguished chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Fill-
more,] and many others. Were they going, ih.n,
to press mountain upon mountain on tho e  ho
remained to take the responsibility, and pile Pell-
ón on Oasa? They all of them, who hid beer
thare more than one Congress, knew that not more
than one-half of one Congress belonged to the
next; and half were then politically dead. And
now, with this new apportionment bill—with this
diminution of the members from the several Sta es,
taken with the increase of the members from
some of the S'ates—the next Congress, undei any
event, would not contain more than one tmrd of
the present members Where, then, vas the re-
sponsibility? Was it the responsibility o' t ad
men? And that was a respons bility which they
must all bear, and sometimes for no efftrce ; foi
they must all submit to the will of me peop'e. But
how was it with the Executive? He foi.nd gentle-
men much gratified with the issue of recert emo-
tions, which promised abundance of Demociscy for
the next Congress. He (Mr A.) said, let itcome,
but would they harmonize any more then, than they
now did, with the occupant of the v,h le houre?
Would the Democracy of the next Congress look
to him as their hetd? Let the Democ acy consider
whether there would be more harmony in the next
Congress, be it Locofoco, Den.oiratic, or v'mtever
they might call it. Was it li'iely that Congress
would subscribe to bis colleague's profess' m of
faith, and promise allegiance to, and supror' the
administration of John Tylei' He (Mr A ) ven-
tured to say, the President wi uld find his respim.
sibthty then weighing heavily upon him, «o n
they were in the pred'cament in which the Ls is
proverb said " nothins b t good should be fid of
the dead." They should, howeve , have th" rights
and privileges of citizens cf the United State", a" j
far as the "Captain" would allow them, [Irugb-
ter;] and that would not be a total dem l of the '
privilege of speech, and of judging of him, and of
his administration.
And perhaps his colleague's idea was r %h>: it
might not be the next admims'ra'ion that waj te
correct all the evils that exist, but that which «a"
to succeed, for the Democracy might find as mil y
vetoes for them, as the Whig  had met wi'b. Ard
he trusted their disposition to suppct vi uld re
gone, if they had it now; for they wou'd bjt coun-
tenance him m thnt which was at the b^'om <f
all this—that is, an clfciion as President of the
United States, fern. [Laughter] No, the eu
will go on increasing, s>nd then—we shall see wlv
^ we shall see. [Laughter ] There was one thmr
about which he desired to say a word; it was th?l,
amongst others, they were charged with hav ng
dene nothing here bat make President .   And had
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Democrats done anything? Had they agreed
yet who was to be their man? The Whiss, too,
were also charged with having one man with my
man Charles. Well, he should say the cordttion of
the Whigs was best, for they had but one man;
but the Democrats had not told them yet who was
their selection. And if the Whigs had done this,
who had provoked them to 11 But he was told
that his time was up
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman was
entitled to six minu es
Mr. ADAMS resumed. He had not come to
an examination of the reasons assigned by the
Pre ident in his message. He was about to come
to it, for, coming from the source it did, and con-
taining such a mum ude of reasons, he (Mr A )
thought respect was due to it, [Laughter] if they
did not treat it with the utmost degree of gratitude
[Renei-ed laughter ] He would, therefore, con-
clude by moving that the message containing the
reasons of the President for his ve'oipg this bill,
be referred to a select corrmittee, with ínstruccns
to report to the House upon it. The commit'ee he
Miould prefer to see rather large—at least as large
as. any s'andmg committee, he would go beyond
that number, and name thirteen, it was the good
old number of the origina' Siates of thi" Upion
He would make it twenty six—'he number of a'l
the States of the Union, but he «as apprehensive
tb?t number wou d bs, too large—at le*") s>o large
s" to make it probable thn there m gnt be a good
deal of delay m obtaining a repon. He should,
therefore, make a mot,'n that this message be re-
ferred to a «elect commit'ee of thirteen members,
with instructions to report upon it to the House.
Mi. MORGAN obtained the flior, bet
Mr. FOSTER, of Georgia rose to a question of
order. He wished to know whether the motion
made by tne gentleman from Massacn«sctts [Mr.
Adam,] wtt- m ordee The Corstitu'icn prov.ded
TCjpt hou'd be done on this occasion, and he sub-
mitted that it was not competent to make a moa n
to refer.
"r" e P3AKER v,as understood to overrule the
o^j ctton.
 *<- C J INGER8DLL w hed to know what
qi e«tion was under cons aerai on—whether it was
a q icslion o^refer^ice.                       *
Air FOSTER s-i1, if such -vas "\« decision of
the Speaker, he shouli be u iaer the necessity of
appealing from it
The SPEAKER (who was h^ard very indis-
tinctly) wet t into =ome exp'a-'Ptiors, mbioh vtr 
understood to be that th  Hoiseaion" hal control
of Ihe m tier and ihe House could lay it on the
t^ble or «end it to  ifier   'elect committee or a
Com,T>iftee rf the Whole House.
Mr FOST"P said, wifh great deference to the
Spe ker he spould apnea! from iLe dect ion            j
Mr WISE wisned to know vthn the deci ion
was, before it w is dt bated.                                      |
T;ie SPEAKER w, s unde-stoor' to exp'atn th it .1
th' qais lun j.i ci vjo notione to  be drcided hv
the Sp-ak'r, but I; in'HiLe, a'id he niJ r. ado '
no deti- on.
Mi-. rOS*^U wished io unlcr ind rl^he-
the Sp aki i-h?d up" deo to eit'iiaii tne ia \oa of
th   goti'Tf"! ' ii' H   sen   tfs o ufes?
"Hie Sc'EtAl-.i. fu. d hí o on w?s enfet-
taiBf (I
Mr FOSTER s-id 'ien he a ?°£led «fiorn that
decision, and t¡ rUied on this pro n ¡on oí the Con
st'tu <n                                 '
"JCveiy till wh eh1*1   have passcS the TTou^e ofUepr ent
■niveau 11 io --a a e s il b i itlieiiiiips a iw <- fie
se   el   > ihe Pit^ tletitof the I m td Sm   «   l*" He 1| ¡)ir       tie
I i'i   °"    t, out í'not h     hall i turn ir with lis dj   im     j
t   U a l      s    n vine i           U 1 ive oi     m    I   w io  n   I ei
te   tlit  ilj cifm>     1 iv c on tlte i     t     il  11 li  )     ^e^ I  t^ rp
on 1 lei il    il  ?i c  *ucn ltuirsi lei in  1   t>\-   thn is of that
Huu     in   aneetTp<*        e nil! ] sliai!   e se 1   t °ttbu w 11
the i ij u^ 11 r o     Ui    ) hu EIou   , * y which it    h 11 ba Ike
i er eon«l eie t  in t lfa t¡ lovtj t vt%u thnd> iftlntll jse
t s-hall btci me ^ law "
H % ibci, the Co'isiifit in p'amly yo n*ed o i'
wha1 shejid be h ,r piceedi i"s o i tho retan t
th b.U with the President ve'r, a>id the Chatr
coult1 enteruim no ¡potion which g-ive i a different
drection than the Co-istitution prescribed. The
Constitution prescribed the form "t pioseeding,
and, uerefore, with good leason, the rales of the
ñfB
House had not, amongst their provisions, anything
to contravene the Constitution. He maintained,
therefore, that the Chair could not entertain the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts; but,
in the langupze of the Constitution, the House
must "proceed to reconsider" and determine on the
passage of this bill
The SPEAKER, in further explanation, said, if
a motion to arrest debate by the previous question
were made, it wctild be in order. And again: was
the House bound to consider the bill, without an.
adjoummtM or other motions, which were always
in order under the oHmarf rules of proceeding?
And would not a motion to re'fer to a select com-
mittee, or to a Committee o„ the Whole, be just as
much the action of that body upon it, as it they sat
on it here?
Mr CUSHING said when his oolleasue [Mr.
Adams! took the floor, the pending question was
the question made by the Constitution—on the pass-
age of the bill
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL said the question was
one of "reconsideraticn."
Mr CUSFJING said the question was, Will the
Hou«e pass ttsF bill, notwithstanding the objections
oí tne Prcsider? and that, as he understood it, was
the issue. But what had his colleague moved?
The disposition of a thing not before 'he House—
the mes«af , which 'h; Constitution had disposed
of, by putting it on the journil, a"d that was his
objection to me ruhng of the Chair. While the
question on the passage of this bill was pending, it
was out of order to take up the message which was
yesterday ente.ed upon the journal, and refer it to
a comiiHice The question was, Will the House
pass this b il? and the message was not in the pos-
session of the House, except as a matter of history,
to be commented upon.
Mr. UNDERWOOD thought if the House
would listen to a little common sense, they would
see that the reference of the message was a con-
stitutional and correct proceeding He then con-
tended «hat, if th«"Exeiuive should return a bill,
w th the mlorma'ion that certa'n far, s had been,
discovered, cf wtueh Ci ngies> haul no knowledge
■when the bill %v?s passed, the Heuse would appoint
a conmitlre to ascertain the truth of the stattmeht,
and to examire the facts. The message certainly
al'eges no discovery of facts, b t it contains rea-
sons and matters of opinion; snd if th-y could in-
vestigate matters of fact, they could assuredly
inquire into ma'ters «f opinion, and report on
reasigne ?-, well as on facts.
Mr. CU3HÍNG agun appealed to the lansuage
of the Constitution, and contended that the House
must pt.oee d to "reeons der" 'he bill
Mr UNDERWOOD r-\. im d, and illustrated
h's nos mi at some le g h
Mr ADAMS nitd let* his motion, s0 as to refer
the b 11 ps w 11 as Ue messsg", to a select com-
miuee
Mr. WISE too]- the camp Ire of argument as
Mi. Clshiíg, relying on the L^g^age of ihe
C 1 'iti n He a'i e 1 ti r Sp"iker, it to "recon-
feíü í ' was in d pari ,mei tary sen e, sjnonjmous
witts le \er' 1- itfei 1 to co.nmt The p<T-
! Fiiea arj ,ai ot tris House was tí e Constitution,
«1 ien p*. or b d the mrde of proceeding; but, by
i's ref<-r nee 10 a cotntrittee oí ihirt^ep, - majority
of «even cou'd refu e 'o report, and thereby indefi-
nitely posipon ; whic'i the House had no power
to do.
Were gen leTen uneasy k«t tUeir weakness
shou'i b exposed? D 'hey de ire to dr ve us to
the! ¡>t d y j* the 'fulfil before the question of
rccons iteia' on c 11 Id te taken up, when moit of
t^iiemlfs' > M be relir n?. in the expedition
tl 1 s i> j tva btreo! What was the de-
s]tn'— Lit ihe asm a d chi-ft of the mo ion?
¡r'e <xu't not discover it T-e fi-jectcf reference,
ir pl'crses cicrpt sue- as ilus «as attention or
aaiejdmer,> Did the g't>ti?m.>n propose that this
bllsno'u oe amended? Wa- (hit the ebie-t of
hts motion for commttmen ? No slr; neither ne,
tor a'y r an in trat Hou-e, would undertake to
assert that the committee muht report an amend-
ment to the bill. What then? Would they refer
the Presidents objections to the select committee,
with a view to being advised by that commute^
