SI 4
•whether the bill should be reconsidered? That
would not be a reconsideration of the bill, as direct-
ed by the Constitution. Nor would the House be
any nearer to a decision afier the committee had
made iheir report, than they were already. The
gentleman from Kentucky complained that they
should be called on to vote immediately, and (as
the gentleman considered) blindfold, upon this
bill—ay, blindfold. The gentleman feared he
would be forced to vote b indfold upon a subject
which they had been considering for eight months.
Why, this very bill had been actually, sub judue,
before Congress for the hut three or four month .
Would ihe gentleman admit that he was voting
blindfold - that he had not considered the bill?
Mr. FILLMORE submitted whether the gentle
man should not limit the discussion to the questioh
of order.
Mr. WISE said he was testing the question of
order. The manner in which he chose to lest that
question, might not suit his friend's log'c, but it
suited hi? own He would submit to no man as
to whether his logic were good or bad The ques-
tion was, whether the motion of th? eent'eaian ¡rom
Massachusetts was in order. The Speaker de-
clared that in his judgment the motion was in or-
der.
Mr. W.  jud he believed it would be sufficient-
ly logical in showing the reasons that governed him
against the decision of the Speaker, to inquire why
there should be a commitment, when there was
nothing for a committee to do Toe committee
could not reform or amend the bill in any respect,
the only prerogative of the committee would be to
recommend to the House whether it should recon-
sider the bill or not. Would that be a «considera-
tion by the House? It would be a mere question
of advisement. He (Mr. W ) would stick to the
letter of the Constitution And he would put it o
the good sense of |the House itself, wnether a ref-
erence to a committee, and an advrement by that
committee, wonll be vu hm the meaning of the
Constitution, which declares that the H< use shall
proceed to recon ider the bill? Sir, (sai 1 Mi W ,)
after you have proceeded to reconoider the bi'l, 5 cu
may commii the mes use, if you like, jtu may do
wtlat you please vuhthe President sobjetuon-, you
may refer ihem to the genii  man from JMa sachu-
setts, and you ma) again h¿\t the Devil quo ing
scripture
[Mi. V/isb, wps here called to oro' r by the
Speaker, and admonished to keep -mthin the. bcunds
ot parliamentary u corum.] He then proc-ed' I.
After you have disposed ot t! e question ot recon-
sideration, I say, you m„y then, if it be in order—
that is, if other busmen have not precedence, lake
up and di<pcse of the obj etions, but, in ret 'rcnee
to the bill itself, the Cmsutution <ays jou [>he
Hou«t] shall—it is imperative—shall proceed 'o
reconsider it 11m ed ately; tint is, wiihia a rea-
sonable lime, pnd to eltnd> upon it by yeas and
nays. You ball proceed todo whti?—to 1 con-
sider, 'fie word his here its par'i>meni \rv seme
and meanipp, and it Ids its spec al tor-s'iiniiotial
sense in in   tase You hall not refer ,f, for it is
in vain None othur but you [h> House] can
reconsider i' The committee cinnot iimerd i ; <n
fine, you yourselves cannot amend if. But 1 may
be tot f it is, r ot the bill > ou are sttil ng out by this
action, biit the objections to the bill
In reférete to the coj cnons, the Constitution
has prescribid yoo' duty You shall pn ? I them
upon the jiurn?!- there they shall s'anda, a per-
petual r < rd Yju cannot aci upon trie objec-
tions, until you have firs* picredeil to rcjon ider
the bill I ask iIip Speaker, tnTtfore, if t!>p ques-
tion were upon the objections al ne, v heihcr any
action can b U11 en, 11 the tiot msia  tc, up >r 1b1
message «epara Oyi i v. <u>pe 1 was liken r the
questK nof rt erring the bdl itse,f, but, by c jplrg
the obj'Ci'ns wan it, yvuaie .."it p, 11 point of
fact, on ihe 0 jee «on-, first Jf, then, the c"nrnr« -
tee cannot amend ih  j 1, t>jt may notan ' report
upon the okj c ions accotupannni the bill, you are
proceeding, bef* re j oa r°con..,dcr il e bil , to obtain
a report upon  he men's and demer ts of ihe elec-
tions I ask if this is legitimate' I ask if jots can
do that, by indirect means, which you cainoi do
directly?  The Constitution expressly declares what
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
shall be the action of the House, in tne first in-
stance, upon the bill—by proceeding to reconsider
it; and, in the next place, what shall be the action,
and a different action, upon the objections—by en-
tering them upon the journals.
The Speaker, after intimating that the motion
to refer the message included the bill, took good
care to cili upon ihs gentleman to amend his mo-
tion. Suppose the House had procesded 10 recon-
s'der the bill, or had refused to reconsidei it- would
it have been in order to take up ihe objections, in
preference to the other business of the House, and
refer them to a committee alone? No,< r, it would
have required the concurrence of two-imrd*. of the
members of this House to act upon the obj-ctions
alone Other business would have had precedence;
but the action being upon the bill—having actually
entered upon its reconsideration, wmch was post-
poned from yesterday—you now couple that which
is out of order, with that which is in order, you
now couple with the bill (which is the only s-ubject
of cons deration) the objections to the bill, the
consideration of wb ch at this time is altogether
out of order Taeie never was a plainer case in
tne world, unless gentlemen are prepared to decile
that to commit and to reconsider, in a parliament-
ary sen>e, are synonymous.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had hs'ened with a
good deal of attention to the irgument=, of the gen-
tleman from Virginia. Tney were founded upon
the gentleman's own construction
The SPEAKER de-ir-d the gentleman from
New York to -uspend his remarks for a moment,
that 1 e (ihe Speaker) might refer to a precedent,
which he considered precisely m point He refer-
red to an act passed m 1832, which had not re-
ceived ihe -s.ent of the President, but was return-
ed to ihe House at the commencement of the sue
ciedicg session, acco ii).au ed by the President's
reason  for Withholding his assent A rflo'ion was
then made, ir it   precice terms of Ihe motion now
made by the gent eunn from Massachusetts, and
was adopt°d The bi'l and the m- sage in that
case went tcgefh-r to the commit'ee, and never
came back to t>c lio íse
Mr WISrb gged to remind the Speaker that
he (Mr. Wi l.) was not at that time a nvniber of
this Hon0'"
IMS' FILLMORE lb." 1 proree'ed with his re-
marks. It the gentleman was apprehensive t'^r,
in case th s till and ,h" aecompanjing message
lion! I be reared to . eojomitt-e, ihey wou d never
cuioe b?ck, h« begged to assme the t onorar'^ gen
llem-n tli t ,hey would corre back long beiore he
and his friends des red to set  ll-e-n coine, and a re-
port Willi them, whuh he woul 1 perhaps desire as
htt'e lo see. He (Mr. F) was m favor of the
reference, in comeuuence of the importance of the
qu >tion involved betAeen Congress and the Ex-
ecun e
Mr p (hen moved to lay the app a! up in ihe
table
Upon fh s qje don, the yeas and nays heme ta-
ken resulted i-s to'lou >. y,a, 106, ravs 87.
Mr ADAMS sad he would modify lis motion
by stnkin* out the word " bi 1"—-a gentlemen
seem-d to consider the b 1! as being ills intt from
the message, though he (Mr. A ) had regarded it
as a p rt of the messig 
M WISE renewed the quest-on of order The
ge uileiipn, be said, cou d not m ve lo 'eier ihe
íessage to a se ct ccmmi tee loi any purpose.
The gentltm-n h'd no  moved, as be under-mod,
to coo ,1 ,. ihe mes-ig^ ot the Pre" dent to a select
comm ee, wi n irsttucaons, 1> 'oport theteon ; in
o'b'r < o^l«, before we proceed to recon ider the
1 ill, we will rejer he message, and obtain a report
fiom a c "u \<e>.
Mr ADivtS.   T«atis, a reconsideration
I       F    WIf'E co-m ud     He  (s<>i' he) had a pre-
cdent dir cly mpeint on this  quc<ln.n.    In  the
' inn < of 1832, wit ae less than ten tU s o  the id-
jou'nmeit of the Corf re s of the ün le i   States, a
a bill, entitled A 1 ?c  for the improvement of cer-
tain harbjrs, anl 1 f the navig^ un   ot certain nv-
eis, was sent to the President for his concurrence,
j and i,a< by Km rej cted     Theie being Ins than
1 t n days between Ihe time of sending the bill to the
Jj President and of the adjournment of Congress, the
'.....       '             " ' lfi   '   "r      'in,      "         r       r......,,15M
President did not return the bill; but, in common
parlance, he pocketed it             ,
Mr. LINN of New York rose to a question of
order. He desired to know whether a question
of order was debatable, before an appeal was
made?
Mr. WISE hoped the gentleman would be pa-
tient. He was perfectly in order. He hoped the
gentleman would not disturb the weight of the au-
thority which he was about to cite, with these re-
peated mterrupicns. He was about to state that
the bill, having been sent to the then President—
that stern patriot, General Jackson—was by him
not vetoed, bnt, at the commencement of the next
session, sent back, accompanied by a message,
telling Congress it had failed to become a law.
That message—not a veto message—was referred
to a select committee. No question, of course,
was taken upon reconsideration. None could be
taken, because there the bill had died. No life was
left in it, upon which future action could be had.
Now, this very precedent (added Mr. Wise) which
I have cited against this mo'ion, has been adduced
by the honorable Speaker as a precedent m favor
ot the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts The Speaker was in error. That was not
a veto message, but was a message sent to Con-
gress at its next meeting, six mentho after-
wards.
[Mr. W. here read a part of the message referred
to]
The President did not return that bill to the
House for reconsideration. Th^t would have been
a negative proper; but he merely informed the
House ihat he had withheld his assent, for certain
reasons which he set forth, and, therefore, it was
not to be reconsidered It could not be reconsid-
ered, for the time for its reconsideration had gone
by; but the message was referred to a committee,
and all action on it was entirely smothered. That
was an entuely different—
A memb r interposed The gentleman had
no right to debate ihe point of "rder until an ap-
peal wis aKea from ihe decision of the Chair.
Mr. Wicti said certainly he understood the
Chair as havng decided The Cbatr and himself
perfectly understood eacn other The Constitution
declares 'hat, if any b 11 shall not be returned
withm ten days after it shall have been presented
to the President lor his signa ure, it shall be deemed
to be a lai/, unless Congress, by an adjournment,
prevent i's return,  n which case, it shall not be a
law. So y u perceive ihat wis not a law at all;
it was not even a b i!, it was dead, it was com-
pletely lifeless. But the ct s is different as re-
gards this bill: if, on reconsideration, two-thirds of
bc-th Houses be found to vote for it, it will become a
law. But in that case, fh- oill had been suffered
to b come a ceip e, it had been permitted to die;
therefore it was that the House was not required
to reconsider 1'. But in this case, you are re-
qi red to take action upon the bdl, and to recon-
sider 1' You are peietrptorily to prcceed to re-
consider it Tne question is, therefore, will the
House fulfil the du*y incumbent upon it, or will
it refn-p to fu'hl that duty?
The Speak-r has ci ed to you a precedent, then,
wl ich is precisely n poi' t to show the contrary
of his pouinn upon this questien My second
point is—the House cannot ,ict upon Ihe message,
before it acts uion t'ie bilí. And cena'nly the
Speaker w It now sustain ríe m th s point- that,
having pread the message upon the journal dis-
tinct from th  bill, in obediei ce to the mandate of
the Constitution, you cannot act upon that message
before you have proceeded to reconsider the bill.
But my principal object in making this appeal
was to correct the Sreaker in the citation so un-
fortuna'ely made of that precedent which he staled
to the House. The question is, row, whf ier the
House will proceed to reconsider the bill ? or,
wiciher it wi'l give the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ano'her opportunity of auackingthe Presi-
dent of the United States, and of u-eaung us to a
repetition of his vituperation? I have no doubt
we shall see the President as much maligned and
vilified for this veto, as he has been for assenting
lo others.
Mr. FILLMORE said he beheyed it was agreea*
