CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                         m$
We to the practice of Congress to refer all messages
of the President to a committee. But it was con-
tended that this was an exception to the general
rule; and upon what ground was that exception
urged? Because the Constitution requires us to
reconsider the bill. He (Mr. P.) did not conceive
that (he injunction of the Constitution was so per-
emptory. They might debate the bill from day to
day; and there was no time specified within which
the final vote must be taken. This matter was
one of the gravest importance, and one which, it
seemed to him, above all others, deserved the seri-
ous consideration of a committee. They were
bound as well to consider the reasons assigned by
the President for rejecting the bill, as they were to
reconsider the bill itself.
It was proposed to refer this message of the
President to a large committee, at tbe head of
which would be placed the father of the House,
and a man woo once filled tbe high station of
President. Could the friends of the Executive ob-
ject to this disposition of n? Could they object to
a scrutiny of the message before the country? But
it was objected that this committee might not re-
port at all. Certainly, this objection had no weight
in it, when it was remembered that ihe message
only would be referred, and that the bill would
st ill he on the table.
Mr. P. concluded by moving to lay the appeal
on the table; which motion was carried m the af-
firmative.
Mr. MORGAN rose, as he said, to a point of
order; and was proceeding to say what he con-
ceived would be the effects and advantages of re-
ferring the message to a select committee, when
a number of members called him to i-iuer He
then moved the previous question; and said he
would not withdraw it for any man on earth.
Mr. HOLMES inquired whether, when the re-
port came in from the select committee, it would
not be allowed to be debated?
Mr. FILLMORE.   Certainly; certainly.
In answer to some inquiries as to the effect of the
previous question,
The SPEAKER said it would bring the House
to a direct vote upon the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
The previous question was then put < nd car-
ried, and the mam question ordered to be now
pnt.
Mr. ATHERTON appealed from the deci« on
of the Speaker, that the second of the plexus
question brought the House to a direct vote on Jie
motion to refer to a select committee. He main-
tained that the previous question cut off the rro-
tion to refer, and brought the House to a direct
vote upon the «consideration of the bill and i's
passage, notwithstanding the objee'ions of the
President.
The decision of the Chair was chained.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia rai ed a similar point
of order; but was also overruled.
The question was then taken on the aiostion of
Mr. Adíms's motion to refer the message of th>"
President to a select committee of 13, and carr ed
in the affirmative—yeas 108, najs 84, as follow :
YEAS—Messrs Adams Allen Landaff W Andrews, Rher
lock J Andiews, Appleton, Arnold, A}cri<rg,Babetck, Eil-u
Barnard, Barton, Bndseye, iilair, Buaidmai, Ilorlei, Bni",
Bngge, Brockway, Bronson Milton iiiown, Teremiaí B, >wu,
Burnell, William Butler, CJ1 oun,William B Campb-ll Thorn
as J Campbell, Garuthers < y, Ghil Is, Climenuen John <
Clark, James C'oper, Cow^n, Crano'i-i, Craven=> G tin &,
Jno Edwards Everett, Fessenden Tjllmore, A L Foster, Gam
ble,Gentry, Giddings, Gogem, Granger, Gieen, Hall, Hal tel,
Howard, Hudson, Joseph R Inser&oll, James Irvm, lamei,
John P Kennedy, King Lane J inn, McKennan Thomas F
Marshall, Mathiot, Mattock , Maxwell, Maynard Mooie Mor
gan, Monow, Owsley, Pearc, Pend eton Powell, Ramsey,
BenjaminRandal), Aiexandoi Randall, Ranuolp'i R.ytiei Riu"
way, Rodney, William Russell tames M Ru sell silton^all,
Shepperd sia>, Sollers, Stanly, Stritton, Aiexandei II II
Stuart, JohnT Stuart, ftummeis, lalialerro, John 1Í Th mp
Bon, Richard W Thompson, Til tnn-hisr, Tolai d, 1 ir ir in,
Tnplett, Trumbull, Undcrwoo !, V allace, Vanen, Wall g
ton, Edward D White, Joseph L White, Uinsioi her II W I
liams, Joseph L Williams, ¿orke, Augustus "ioung and J hn
Young—108
NAYS—Messrs Arrmgton A herton Beeson Bidlack B>aw
Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V Blown, Caal les Blown Burke J An
Campbell, Cary, Chapman Clifford, Clinton, Cole^, Colquitt
Mark A Cooper, Cushnv Danitl, Richard D Davis Dansoi,
Dean, Doan, Doig, John V Elwards, Egbert, Jo in G lioyd
Thomas P. Foster, Gilmer, William O Goo le Gorlon Gii= me
Gwin, Habersham, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Holmes Houston,
Hubard, Hunter, Challes J Ingersoll, William W Irwin,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Kerni, Lewis, Abraham McClel-
Ian, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand,
Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Newhard, Parmenter, Plumer, Promt,
Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Ro©«evelt, Sanford, Saunders,
Shields, Snyder, Steenrod Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, V<m Bureo, Ward, Watteison, Wellei, James W.
Williams, Wise, and W/iod—84
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania then moved that
the bill be, for th  presen', laid upon the table.
Mr. WM COST JOHNSON raised a point of
order, whether the raoiion couid be revived. He
coatended that the first qupstion now to be taken
was on the passage ot the bill, and no motion to lay
it en the table could be entertained in order
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order,
and was su>tamed by the House.
Mr ATHERTON mqrtred whether, m case the
bi'l be now laid on the table, it would not require
  vote of two thirds to take it up?
The SPEAKER said no, a majon'y might
take it up.
Mr. GILMER wq-iired whether, in ih« event
that the bill was laid on the table, it would not be
in order to introduce another revenue bill?
The SPEAKER said it woa'd proviledthe bilt
proposed to be introduced was dissimilar from that
retu ned by the President witn h,s objec ions.
Mr GILMER remarked that he should certainly
not wish to bring m such a bill as that which had
been vetoed.
The question was then Uken upon laying the
bill upon the uble, and decided m the affirmative—
a)es 97, noes 73
Trie SPEAKER lail before the Hou-e a num-
ber of executive documents, viz"
A communication trom the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answ.tr to the resolution cf tl c Hoaw,
calling for the amount received' m'o the treasury ÍKm
duties since June 30 h It states >h t 'he amount
from cash daties has been £1494,379, aid d m
bond p eviou lv °i/en and btioming due 'ltice
"it) n June, $628,651 Laid on the table, and or-
dered to he r>r nted.
A communication from the State npr.artment,
tr^r-smitirg an aconm of Thoci ..s Allen, tor
printing: th' Compendium tf the Sixia Givsus.
Oi mo ion of Mr. FtLLVORE, v was refered
to the ¡.ekct ccmta,t!e  on u at subj ct.
A co""i j i eation f'< rn the Tr^-sjry Depart-
ment, R giie.'s office, transmití r^ a st¡ tenv>nt if
the 1 abih íes of United Statto on the 4th of March,
1J41- l.iid on rthe ubie, and oíd   tl to be printed.
A communidtun from the War Depart aent,
mans-erto a resolution, calla g for the number
of cclird oersons erduied u the navy of Ihe
Un ltd Sute^: laid on ire able, and ordered io be
prmtei
Í eommi'iucatior from the War Department,
in anoivt r to a resolution calling for mtormat on
as to the i! ovance maf'e to Jos V. H'inanrtfZ.
A cominnriicatK n irom the Post Ofhc" D„part-
rn ut, tnnsmtl ¡is, in accordaoee \ iih ih ai' re-
organizing that ctpartifupt, a ¡.la'einent oí the ex-
penditn't' t e.etn (lorn ; ihe p ¡v ii^ca1 ve .r. l„id
Oi  t' e tl 1 , ."*id eidero ' to b   pr m d
A number et b.i s O irp th S ii te i*ere r^iernd
t" th'1 appnpia'e "-tpndiig i in .rut et^,aad viveral
billa retnrrtd ircra t>">t ord ". h a'uendmen ,
were coi id'red, an I 'he a «enumer. ' cwpiief1 in
I' r ( G )P3R oí Penn i "<rn > tu r i v^ i that
the Hi/j e ¿o ,r C n,i , e * V W > *, fi r
the p of > o,i o' akuig ti- i't Í) is usty claim-
ants und«r 'he 14 h anu 19t'i artul-soí Danci'g
R^t nice \ ' ► rf >.
Mr BARNARD h"f cd the H use t ould act on
tlf bil to alter he jiJn,ial cbcuit uí tbe U uted
S'a'e,
Ti>e qu'-s iot wsj tiken i " R'i C cpfs's mo
tioi,. rd can ej
So he Hop T.'f' rl ii t in o Com ti t ee of
tne Whole (M Hipki's of V i,a in t1 e
ca' r )
Whc- i c ut e l?t v e, th  q u i n be-
fore i v 's o i . 1J b. 1 to ano á <h° a £ pro nt' ü¿
piyi1" i for houses and ch1 rroporty ¡0 ln se
militir' "er ice ot  die TJm'ed S af ,
Mr COOPER i Pei isyh'ii'a move! to ay
a^ide thai bill, aid uk* u,5 the I '1 h provide for
tne sa' s-'pU'^n of dims ari"in<  under the 14 h
and 19 h articles i Í the treaty ol Dancng Rabbit
creek.
After some conversation between Messrs. COW-
EN, COOPER, ARNOLD, BARNARD, ROOSE-
VELT, and others, Mr. COOPER withdrew his
motion, and the committee resumed the con-
sideration of the b'll providing payment for lost
horses, &c.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS offered an amendment,
to include certain Tennessee volunteers, who equip-
ped themselves, and marched to the ¡teat of war,
but were not received in the service of the United
States.
This amendment was supported by Messrs.
TURNEY, C H WILLIAMS, and WM. «.
CAMPBELL; but it was rejected.
Mr STANLY made some remarks in opposition
to (he bill
Mr. GIDDINGS offered an amendment, provi-
ding that nothing therein contained should be so
construed as to authorize payment for any lost
h'Tse, where, by the terms of the law on which
the enlistments were made, the owner took upon
himself the mk of said horse.
A tfa d'ícus'iion—in which the amendment was
supposed by Mr. GIDDINGS, and opposed by
Mt-srs. CHAPMAN, TUP.NEY, and WM. B.
CAMPBELL—the amendment was rejected: ay s
60, noes 65
Mr HARRIS offered an amendment, to include
teamsters so as to "ompensate them for lost horses
and wagons- roj-cted.
Mr GIDDINGS moved an amendment, provi-
ding thai the value of th- horte, at the time of his
lo>s, «hou d ^nly be paid for, instead of the value
oi he hi rs  at tl s. aire his OKner entered the ser-
vice- rejected
The b 11 ti as then laid aside to be reported.
Mr. COOPER moved to take up the bill No.
216, providing satisfaction for claims arising under
the 14th and 19th arlicies of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit creek.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to  ak<- up the bill redu-
CP2 the pay and mileage ofmen.bers of Congress,
and ihe salaries of the ifierent officers of Grovem-
men .
Mr. BARNARD moved to 'ake up the bill pro-
viding further remedial justice in the courts oí the
Liiited States
The "quess,on was taken, and, Mr. J. Cooper's
mouon burg ca ned, the committee took up the
bill moved by him.
Mr J COOPER explained the purposes and
propriety of ihis bdl; and,
Atter a lew words from Mr. STANLY and
oiheis,
The bill pa- ia'd aside to be re; orted.
Mr LEWIS <hen moved that the committee
take up and cs -"¡¿a a bill authopzmg the settle-
mi nt «•nd payment oi i.eriain claims of the Slate
of Al     m«, v.rfcei was ^grted to.
Mr-sts COWEN, STANLY ADAMS, A.
V FROWN, C H W-LLIAMS, LEWIS,
£?H'ELüS, 11 \ COOPER, aid McKAY briefly
'ebat- i ih   bu ; at/d it was th n laid aside to be
reponed
Mr BOT7N" hen moved that the committee
n e but, on a divisioi, it was found that there was
no cmorum in a le.idapce
Toe coman tte accordingly rose, and ns Chair-
man reported ihdt fa't to he House
Tne Hou^e ihtn adjourned at 5 o'clock.
IN ^E\ATE.
Thursday, August 11, 1842.
A m* cag° wss n cer/i-d from tne House of
Pi^pre e U'wcs, anüounci'-g lhi> that Hiu<:e had
rce-deil in n ' s ?mepdn-"ni to ihe bid for the re-
li-t of Jo-rH P C,  M, p'so, that it had d'sa-
f r e^ to t v i"i nt of tne c uncu tees of conference
on th i' sTgrie.n? vo'es of tie iivo Hoasca on the
bill re , -e in^ the reo'?an za'ion of the army, and
r coirm°ri'u3 ihe pppo ntrreit oi ^no'her commit-
t e o' 1,01'ercnce on said tli=°sree ng vo'es.
Oi ¡ro'ioa of Mi PRESIÓN, the proposition
of the Hi use was pgieed to; ana the Chair was
empowered to?ppmit anoiaer committee of con-
ference
Mr CALHOUN presented the proceedings oí a
meeting of the citizens of Caroline county, Yu<
