gima, against a protective tariff, and  approving
the action of ths Executive on the revenue bill.
Mr. C. said that the resolutions asserted two
points in which he entirely accorded: the one was,
that the Government could not honestly aid the
people in paying their debts, except by lessening
the taxes; and Ihe other was, that industry, frugal-
ity, and economy could alono create wealth or re-
lieve pecuniary distress; and that the people should
look to labor, and not law, to relieve them He
(Mr C ) believed that retrenchment and economy
on the part of the Government, and the lessening
of the burdens of the people, would be the surest
means lo n store the country to prosperity, and
produce and continue a sound currency. On his
motion, the document was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pin ante, and ordered to be printed
Mr EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with sundry amendment", the bill
making appropnations for the contingent expenses
of the departments, and for other objec s usually
provided for, but which were omitted in the
gensral appropriation bill. The amendments were
ordered to be printed.
Mr MILLER, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road', moved that that committee
be discharged from the rurther consideration ot the
memorial of James Reside, praying the pajment
of a judgment, on the ground that a writ of error
has been prosecu'ed by the United Si&'es. The
motion was agreed to.
Mr, GRAHAM, from the Comm.ttee on Claims,
reported back, wuhout amendment, an 1 wnhaiec-
ommendation that it do pass, Hoase bill tor the
relief of John Core.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the CorHmi tee on Pen-
sions, reported back, with an amendment, Hjuse
bul for the relief of Effie Van Ness
Mr BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the House b 11 for the
) rehef of Hathan Baldwin, of New York, which
was orden d to be punted
Mr. PRESTON asked the Senate to take up for
coti&ide-anon the joint resolution submittfd by him
some days sino , prov.lmg A.r th- reimljrsement
to the treasuty oí ihe roci?e}   inch may be hereafter
expended in extinguishing Indian talis, to ¡ani,
but after ? su.ge-tion by Mr MOREHE.AD, that
he wished o prepare tome amendimn s les'rietive
of the resolution, and a few renaiks by Messrs
PRESIÓN and ALL^N, ¡he motion to ,ake up
was not pressed
Several adverse rep iris on private c'airns, of
standing committees, were re nruircu in
The bill to mereasi the pay if (fficers of the
revemi" seme1, v.¡ule employed in the npvy of the
United S'ates, cime up in it, ordpr. Atterafe.v
remaiks by Messrs SMITH of Indiana HUN
TÍNGTON, KING, and W00D3URY, *.ho
setmed to cneur that, to prevent snecial lega-
tion, a general bill of the kind shei,ld 1 'passed;
yel, owng to the latcne--  of the sess e n, an 1 the
importance of the bill, and the embir-a'-S"d con-
duion of lio treasury,i> was, on notion of Mi.
SMITH of I piana, 1  i on th- table
Mr ROBERTS, fior.i the Cnmmi tee on the
Post Office and Pi st R lad , to whit h had Von re
feired the bill In lh> re lef o H iHeiah Canmi"
ham, which ha! bec < íetumed ¡rom the Hous.
wtlh an amend ten', rxnorled the amp b ck, \ un
a recommt nda ion thai the S naL. do not concur
in the am°ni,m it of tie House.
The qvi^stion was then pm on non coicernng
witn tli" amen'mem, and carried in tie afli mative
The bill to tsiabl s'i a p 'ice for \iw piotenion
of ptibl c p-'d private proper y n the cuy of Wa<h
wgio.i, came up n onto as in con- inntee i f the
whole— ha question p> ud ng btio/ on the ame>d-
ment lo s'ruie ot t sj ¡ '„ch o* t e Ml, "s vested
Ihe po ■ er in the Pre idei t of me Ur i cC 3 ate? to
appoim ti "cp an j.ul 'ieu "i ts of trv iy;,'ch,
and the aux íary v.  chmrri.anl to vest 'he p.wer
in the ci-.jor of the c n of Wasnii g on
Mr rAPPAN de-iir led the yeas arid nays en
the amendment, whocn %vtre not ordered.
Ths quest or, was then put, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question now being, Shall the amendment
be engrossed, and the bill read a third time?
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BUCHANAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered;, and the question being put, it
was carried m the affirmative—yeas 21, nays 20,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Conrad, Crittenden, Evans, Graham, Kerr, Mangum, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rives, Simmons, Sprague,
White, and Woodbrldge—21
NAYS— \Ip3iis Allen, Benton, Buch man Oil! uun> Clay
ton, Crafts, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberte Smith
of C mecticut, Smith of Indiana, Stunreon, Tappan, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodhury, Wright, and Young—20
The bill for the rehef of Henry M Shreve, and
to authorize the puichase of his patent fer the
snag ooat, was "taken up as ,n committee of the
i   whole.
I Mr. MOREHEAD, from the select coraffi'itee
who repo ted 'he bill, exp'amed lhat it proposed lo
approbate $30,000 for the purchase of. the snag-
bo? .
, Messrs. KING, CRITTENDEN and ARCHER
opposed the bi 1, and particularly in the pie eut
I   condition of t^e tieasnry.
Mr. SEVIER testified to the ad/anteges of the
J boat to the Government in clearing the rivers, but
thought $20 000 was amply «¡ fficient.
Í       Messrs LINN and  MOREHEAD spoke of the
I great importance of the boat to lb.  Government,
and 'he benefit it had derived from its use in re
trieving immense quantities of laid which were
submerged  in con equence of the  rafts formed in
' the livers, and which i ad been removed by the
use of this boat; but they were not disponed to
p'ess the pa sage of ihe bill agamst the wshes of
the Senate at this session—unless, indeed, th  appro-
priation of $100,000, which was penan g in the
other House, should bt made to remove ob«truc
lions to the Western rivers, which would render
1   the purchase of the boat necessary.
On motion of Mr. CONRAD, the bill was laid
on ihe 'able
Hou e b lis, en <tled An act for the relief of
George Sht ill i, An act fot the relief of John Jor-
den,¿nd an Act fir ¡he relief of the hens pnd ren-
reAen atives of Thomas A'kmson, deceased, vere
considered as m committee of the wnoie. r^pot'ed
to the Senate, read the third time, and passe 1.
House bill entitled An ¿ct for the relief of th-o
hersofjo e L. May, sa, laken up, and dousi I.
ered ai u cimmiitee of ihe v hole, amended, en
the motion of Mr WOOD"?RfDGE, to real "for
t le relief of the heirs, as= g.u es, or kg il represeet
stives of James Miy," reported to ,he Sena e,
and oíd-red to be engrossed fi r a taird readipg
Mr. RIVES moved to take up t e rtp >rt or t >e
Committee on Portion R ¡a irn", tonchirg certain
memorials aid communicau us referred n n os¡
the subj ct ol gr cvaaces criginatm   in th • non-ful-
fi m at ot t ie iVÍexicín treaty on me part of Mexi-
co, and that 'lien ¡d.
T«e report was taken up and read.
Mr.  RIVK3 thrn, by  íristrut tion of the com-
mi'tca,   moved  thit the con mitt t be dis^hir ed
iiom the further co isidj afon of thd subject.
Tne com'üi tee was a'c rdmgly di shaiged
[Th- conciudng part oí the repjrt ¡^ ia the fal-
lowing Wvrd
'Inrenrlto thecltimuhiHinJppisel of it t'io expi ition
ofiht m \el ronmiasion, 'I i, committee aie o( opinion, not
wuhstinuing the intnr un to 'h° cmtraiy contained m two
loneta ol the Mexicm romm -.loneis, idh^^cdt tht. Si creta
ly of Staled lit a hail 2bih ofT bttiaryla-,' tint they aip
I,' e ngtiuVl dsMillsi) < ng clamna un3tthe Government
ol VI \i ) in no imnoet w latevei bine I by the convention oi
tl) pr cec Ing-, nn! ri el entitled, acioilng to i le r in
tuns c merits to be filt'tf 1 coi ntenance anl stir, on o*" tl e
Govupmcnt f the United totatcs, in ptosecutins; them to afina!
atljus ment; 1
House bilK c Wiled An a't for Ihe rehef of
Citha'i, e W ( lender, At acC-sTínting SO y
Pratt ihe b*iufit oft1"1 pe oí the 7th Julyf 183tl >
aid An ar' 1 r Ihe rel ef of Roñaba, Palmer,'
were la' en up as n cor" i.itc3 of the who 3, on ad
ver e repoils of the C iim.tiee en Pen-ions, and
1 ir'efm '*} / pjs peed
Hou e bill entitled An act for ihe relief of the
heirs of ,T?raes Melena, late of the city of Balti
more, deceased, wa  Uken up as in cnmmittee of
the whole, on an adverse report of he Committee
on Claim , and, < n moiion oí Mr GRAHAM, was
indefio.it ly postponed
The bill, entitled An act to provide for ascertain-
ing and dispo iDg of the lead mmerai lands in the
1 ""■■   ■    ""■ irl" ''■"-■    '"   .......■>'•' u
State of Illinois, and the Territories s>{ Wisconsin
and Iowa, was taken up, as in committee of the
whole.
Mr SMITH of Indiana moved a substitute for
the bill, which was read and adopted, and, after a
few remarks by Messrs. SMITH of Indiana ahd
SEVIER, who were against the whole system of
leasing these lands, the bill was laid on the, table
till to-morrow.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill for the relief of the West Feliciana
Railroad Company and the Grand Gulf Railroad"
and Banking Company; which was read, and order-
ed to a second reading
Engrossed bills, entitled An act to regulate the
pay of pursers and other officers in the navy; and
An act for the rehef of the president, directors, and
company of the Agricultural Bank of Mississippi,
were read the third time and passed.
THE MARINE CORPS.
The bill for ihe augmentation and reorganiza-
tion of the marine corps, was taken up as the un-
finished business of yesterday, and further consid-
ered as in committee of the whoK the amend-
ments of the Committee on Naval Affairs having
been adopted.
Mr. ARCHER explained that, since yesterday,
the Committee on Nava! Affaus had had an inter-
view with the comraandast of the marine corps,
and had learned from h'tn the occasion of the ir-
regularly complained oí by the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun ] It arose out of the fact
that 100 extra marines were draughted for service itt
Florida, and 100 more on the exploring expedition;
crea mg a necessity for fillirg their places by fresh
enliktments
Mr. CALHOUN had no doubt of the facts
stated, but that was no excuse for the course laken.
It there was a sy one ihing more dangeious than
another in a free Government, it was the enlistment
ot any force not authorized by law. He decried
ariy diversion of appropriations by such practices.
The army, rnd aH forces of that kmd, should be
entirely subject to ths c vil power, and strictly con-
trollable by law.
Mr. ARCHER regretted 'he irregularity com-
p'ained of, as much as the Senator He aereed
ihat sucha practice ought to be discountenanced
and prevente 1 in future.
In reference to the proportion of marines to
guns afloat, he concurred with Ihe Senator from
N«"v Hampshire The number of enns author-
ized oy law, for service, he would call 950, in round
numbers The number of manaes author zed is
1000. Of these, he calculated 950 would be re-
quired for the navy afloai, 550 for the navy-yards,
and 150 for receiving ships—making in ah 1,650;
which he thought the Senate ought to ag'es to, and
which would be according to the estimate of the
Senator from New Hampshire, of one marine for
every gun afl jat, and sufficient for the guards at
the ravy-yards
Mr A entr>-ed into some details lo show that
no more officer, were employed than were actually
ri quired for the service.
His object was, to prove lhat the Committee on
Naval Affairs had not on y not transcended, bat
ac ua ly falle" s! ort of, the minimum of the re-
quirements of t'" department, m the amendments
recommended 10 the S nate,
A message was bet  received from Ihe President
of the United St te«, which the Chair announced
10 be an executive message.
Mr RIVES, with the concurrence of the Senator
f.on V rsmia, [%ir. Ahche  ] moved to suspend
t c p-oceedingsen the bill under consideration, with
a view of proce'diiig to executive business.
The bill unjpr deba'e was then postponed, and
the Senate went into eiecuuve session.
After remaining for some time in executive ses-
sion, thv. Scizte resumed its legislative session, and
proceeded again with the consideration of the bill
for the augmentation of the lanne corps. When
Ihe reporter «niered the gallery, he found the vote
about 10 be taken on an amendmen', supposed 10
be to reduce the number of officers proposed m the
bill, which was adopted
The bill was then reported back to the Senatgj
