ana the amendments, adopted as in committee of
the whole Were concurred' im                   ¿
On the question of ordering (he bill to a third read-
ing*
Mr. BUCHANAN called for ths yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
|Vir. CONRAD said that they had been occu-
pied all the session on plans of retrenchment; but
this was a proposition to increase, instead of to re-
trench, expenses. He was opposed to the bill.
He believed that there was greater necessity for
the retention in the service of the second regiment
of dragoon?, than the augmentation of the marine
corps.
Mr. BUCHANAN, after remarking on the ef-
forts which had been making this session to econo-
mize the (jxpenses of Government, said he consid-
ered this proposition to increase the marine corps
by adding to it 500 men, 5 captains, and 16 lieuten-
ants, and a host of noa-commissioned officers, a
most extraordinary one. The bi!i which had pass-
ed threugh yesterday, (when he was for a moment
absent.) increasing the expenses of Government
some 70 or $80,000 for the pay of the pursars, he
did not beneve there was the least necessity for;
and was equally extraordinary, considering the
state of the treasury. If he had been present, he
would have recorded his vote against it; and should
now, so far as he had any influence, exercise it to
arrest its passage in the other House. So far as
respected the bill now before the Senate, he said he
was opposed to it. He had opposed any increase
of the marine corps in 1836, when the treasury was
overflowing; and he was more opposed to it now,
when they had to borrow money (and conld not get
enough by borrowing) to cany on the expenses of
Government.
Mr. ARCHER made some remarks showing
that the committee had not recommended one-half
the increase which the department had recom-
mended, and showed that there was an absolute
necessity for.
Mr. CU X'HBERT made some remarks in favor
of striking out the captains. He was in favor of
giving the number of men absolutely necessary,
but not an increase of captains.
Mr. BUNTING fON made some remarks
against an increase of the cirps.
Mr. CHOATE proposed to the chairman [Mr.
Arches] to consent to strike from the bill the cap-
tains, as suggested by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Cuthbsrt,] who, ha believed, was a friend
to the navy.
Messrs. CALHOUN and KING expressed a
willingness to vote for the increase of the corps, so
far as the addition of the men went, as it was held
by the department that they were absolutely indis-
pensable lo the service; but they could not sanc-
tion an increase of officers. They believed that
there were sufficient officers to command the corps,
even if 500 men were added to it. They suggest-
ed to the chairman of the Nival Committee the
propriety of striking from the bill all the officers.
Mr. ARCHER consented, and, by unanimous
consent, the bill was so amended as to omit any
increase of commissioned officers.
Mr. BUCHANAN then withdrew the call for
the yeas and nays, as the most exceptionable part
of the bill had been stricken out.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 11, 1842.
THE SELECT,COMMITTEE ON THE VETO.
The following gentlemen  compose   the select
committee of thirteen to which  the  President's
message, returning, with his objections, the tariff
bill, has been referred :
Messrs. Adams of Massachusetts,
Morrow of Ohio,
Gkanqer of New York,
Truman Smith of Connecticut,
Botts of Virginia,
Pearce of Maryland,
Rayneb of North Carolina,
Jamjsb Cooper of Pennsylvania,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBt.
T. J. Campbell of Tennessee,
Gilmer of Virginia,
W. W. Ibwin of Pennsylvania,
Roosevelt of New York,
C. J. Ingeksoll of Pennsylvania.
RESIGNATIONS IN THE ARMY.
■   Mr. C. JOHNSON'submitted a resolution, call-
ing  upon the Secretary   of War to   in<brm the
House, at the next session oí Congress, of the num-
ber of resignations in the army since the   1st of
January, 1835, and the causes of such resignations,
so far aü known; and whether any officer has been
restored to the army, and to what station; giving
the names of such officers', the dates of their resig-
nations, the amount of money paid to each officer,
and at what time, and for what cause paid, after
resignation and before such restoration.
Mr. STANLY objected.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to suspend the
rules; which was agieed to, on a division, by a vote
oí 85 to 42.
Mr. J. moved the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. STANLY desired to amend the former part
of the resolution; and he inquired whether it was
divisible.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. ARNOLD suggested to the gentleman from
Tennessee [Air. Cave Johnson] to extend the in-
quiry to 1834.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON accepted the modifica-
tion.
Mr. ROOSEVELT suggested an addition to the
resolution, so as to designate which of such officers
had been educated ai West Point Academy.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON accepted úe amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the mit on for
the previous question; which wa?v sustained by the
House, and the resolution was adopted.
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT BILL. ,
Mr. BARNARD moved that the House fake up,
oh its third reading, the bill toamesid tnc act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to th^ act entitled an
act to amend ihe judicial systeni of the United
States."                                          \     Í
The Clerk read the bill a third Xinps, and the
question came up on its passage.       1-*
Mr. JONES of Virginia said he had an amend-
ment which he wished to submit to the bill; and for
that purpose he moved to recommit it, with instruc-
tions to amend the bill as follows:
That, hereafter, the eastern and western districts of Pennsyl-
vania, and the district of Michigan, shall constitute the third
circuit;
The districts of Maryland, Delaware, and New Jersey shall
constitute the fourth circuit;
The disn icts of Virginia, North Carolina, and South Caro-
lina shall constitute ihe fifth circuit;
The districts of Georgia and Alabama shall constitute the
sixth cncult;
The districts ot Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri shall
constitute the seventh circuit;
The districts of Kentucky, East and West Tennessee, and
Arkansas shallcmstituto the eighth cuculí; and
'Ihe eastern d'stnu of Louisiana and the district of Missis-
sippi shall continue the ninth t-hcutt
He said he would remark to thelToure that his
object was to avoid what appeared to him to be the
greatest possible injustice to the State which he had
the honor in part to represent, and to one of the
judges of their circuit courts. The object which it
was desirable to accompli'h, he believed would be
accomplished by his amendment. The advantages
of the judicial sjstem would be extended to evrry
part of the Union, and ihe labor would be equita-
bly distributed amongst the judges ; ?nd in the last
place, as far as v. as practicable, they would con-
sult the convenience of those on v horn those duties
would fail. Hs was aware that gentlemen who
had not turned their attention to this subject would
not be able to act understanding^, and to pass up-
on the amendment which he had deemed it his duiy
this morning to present, without soms time for con-
sideiation. He bad, merefo:?, thought it better
that the whcls tubj'C' should be reco.nrmtfed,
whereby an opportunity would be afforded to those
who felt an interest in the subject to direct their at-
tention to it, and to judge of the advantages of the
scheme which he now proposed. It would be seen
that it did injustice to the judg« of one circuit; and
he proposed so to anient, as in the first place to
........iff*
add to the 4th judicial circuit the State of New
Jerney, in the place ofsthe State of Virginia, as the
present bill proposes. The present bill proposes en-
tiiely to abolish the 5th jud.cial circuit of Virginia
and North Carolina—a circuit, too, which, upon an
examination, would b  found tobe the third, inpoint
of business, in the Union. The hitsiness of that
circuit, according to a report of 1838-'39, caused a
h?avi?r docket itban any other circuit in the United
Slates, save two. It would be found, too, that the.
population of that circuit, which this bill proposed
to abolish, was little short of 2,000,000 pet-
sons. And it was a circuit, too, highly com-
mercial, and skirting many hundred miles of
seaboard, which gave rise to many hundred ad"
miralty cases. There was no one element which
constituted a circuit, which the circuit which this bill
proposes to abolish did not possess in a drgree as
great as any other, save two. If pupulatton were
a necessary clement, that circuit had a populatioa
little short cf two millions; if business Were a
necessary ingredient, that circuit was the third in
the Union; if several hundred miles of seaboard,
giving rise to admiralty cases, were an ingredient,
then this circuit had that necessaiy ingredient; and
(here was no ingrcdient which applied to any other,
that did not apply to this in a greater degree than
any other, save two, as he was prepared to show
by the petition of ihe judge on whose application
this subject' has been brought before the Congress
of the United States. It was proposed then to
abolish the fifth judicial circuit, and lo create a
circuit eight hunched miles irom the place where
the fifth circuit now exists; and the consequence
would be, that the judge now residing in that fifth
cticuit must be transferred from that circuit, which
it was propon d to abolish, to that which it was
proposed to create, at the sacrifice of all the soeial
ties which bind him, and which have been going
on through life—and a transfer from a climate
which they knew to be salubrious, to the pestilen-
tial atmosphere of New Orleans and Mobile; pre-
senting the alternative of great risk or resignation,
which he hoped was not the object of any gen-
tleman. He could not believe that such motives
influenced any gentleman of that body; he would
not suppose it, because it -would be to suppose
that gentlemen were aiming a deadly Mow at the
independence of the judiciary itself. He could
not therefore bslieve it. Bat such would be the con-
sequences; and if those consequences could be
avoided by an equalization of the duties among the
judges, which the law devolved upon them, he be-
lieved it to be thsir duly so to equalize the duties
amongst those whose duties ihey were consulting,
and at the same time, as far as practicable, the con-
venience of those judges upon whom the law had
east those duties.
He had already presented to the House the con-
sequents which were to re-ult from the psssage
■ of this bill; and the question naturally presented
itself to their consideration, whether those conse-
quences might not ise a'-'rted. He had thown
that ihe circuit was large in te-ritorial extent; that
it was large in population, and in its business He
had endeavored, also, to point out to the House
the result to the individual whose business it was
to pertotm those duties; and notv, if by any ar-
rangement of the circuit, they could acaomplish
the objects desired, without subjecting any portion
of the country, or the judges, to inconvenience, it
was desirable that such an object should be ac-
complished. His amendment, if adopted, would
add New Jersey to the 4th circuit, instead of Vir-
ginia, as the bill now proposed to place it; and to
that amendment he ¡-hould suppose there would be
no objection- That arrangement would be more
convenient, and the labor to the judges would be
less.
He proposed, in the next plact?, that the eastern
and wes'ern districts of Pennsylvania, and the dis-
trict oí Michigan, should be the 3d circuit, instead
of including New Jersey in that circuit; which
would cau-e but little, if any, additional duties.
He proposed that the 5th circuit should be South
Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia—thus add-
ing South Carolina to the 5th circuit, and adding,
of course, very considerably to the duties  which
I the judge would have to perform.   To this, how-
