878
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
,n ■   '. K1  ' '     .......
ever, he (thejudge) could not object. It was pro I
posed that Georgia and Alabama should be the
6ih circuit—thus giving to Judge Wayne Alabama
in the placeof South Carolina. The 7th circuithe
proposed should be Ohio, Indiana, Minor , and
Missouri. The House would observe that Mis-
souri was added m the place of Michigan ; and he
was sure this arrangement would meet ihe appro-
bation of the judge. Tbe 8th district he proposed
should consist of Kentucky, eastern and western
Tennessee, and Arkarsas. Thus, Arkansas would
be added to the 8th circuit, and Missouri taken
from it. The only remaining district, then, would
be the 9tb, which he proposed should be composed
of Louisiana and Mississippi—taking from the
judge Alabama and Arkansas, and leaving to him
bat two States. To the proposition which he had
thus made, he had heard no objection; and he now
submitted it to the consideration of the He use. It
must be obvious to all, that this arrangement would
lessen the duties of the 8 h circuit, by distributing
them among the other judges , and he was not
aware that he could propose any change in a shape
more desirable.
Mr BARNARD said the obj >ct of this bill wa3
very simple, whereas the object of the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jones] was
complicated. The necessity had arisen for some
partial le-organization of the circuits of the United *
States, in cons quence of the great increase of the
business in the extreme southernmost district of
the Union, where it had befn found impossible
that the judge assigned to that judicial circuit
could perfotm i s duties. It was physically impos
sible that the duties of that district could be per-
formed by any one judge. There had been a fail-
ure of justice, and u became ihe Congress of ine
United Slates to apply a remedy. This till had
bsen proposed for the purpo«e of remedying that
evil. In order to do that, without an increase ot
the number of judges of the Uniied Slates, (which
would itself be an evil, but scarcely less iban the
existing evils,) the remedy that was absolutely ne-
cessary was, to some extent, a reorganization of
the circuits, which this bill proposed to do In
order to accomplish this, it was necessary to begin
a little to the north—even as far as th  4 th cir-
cuit; the judge of which (the Chief Justice) had
only the States of Delaware and Maryland, and it
was the lightestcircmt in the Unite i States It was
proposed, without injustier to Ihe judge to whom
that circuit might be assigned under the provisicns
of this bill, to add to it the State of Vir<?>ma, and
certainly there could be no objection *o that as a
public measure. It was certain the Ch>et Justice
did not object, nor would bt if he warned tl at
circuit. Taking Virginia away, ih-n, from the 5th
circuit, it would leave onlj Nonh Caioh ¡.i to thtt
circuit, and the question aro e, wba' was to "be done
with it? The gentleman from Virginia said the
circuit was abolished, but suie'y the gentleman did
not mean that any portion ot the United States.—
certainly not that poruon of the 5th circuit—.w«s
left out of the judicial system. No, but it wn pro-
posed to make the 5th circuit to consist oi two
States different from those of which it linaerly
consisted, and certainly, as a measure of jusure, no
one ought to obj ct to that The remaining State
of the 5th circuit, as formerly const luted, was, by
th s bill, to be added to the 6ii ciuuit—add'ii a
thereby no improper buiden to tie jadgt io whom
it was assigned Those we-e the alteiau ns pro-
posed to be made by th <- bi't, tnev iere  xfeed ng-
ly simple, and they accomplished ihe obj ct in view
which was to extend thejudiua sjsttm to every
part of the Union The bill also pi oponed that the
judges should adopt amongst themselves ihe new
circuits, at the<r ntxt s 'ting To whom the 5th
circuit should ÍV1 w is to be decided by them
selves. Undoubtedly it would be contes'ed be-
tween the judge who now resided in it, and the judge
of the 6 h circuit The House well knew that the
judge la-4 appointed redded in the State of Virginia,
and it miiht be nc-cessary to move him to Ala-
bama or Louisiana, and was this considered any
hardship on any particular judge? or ought they
to legislate for the convenience of any particular
judge, when the judicial system was being extend-
ed to all the people of the United States?   He (Mr.
B ) apprehended if it were not to onsult the con
vemence of this judge, now residing xn Virginia,
they would never have heard of this amendment
and complaint
He appealed to the House to say whether an
amendment which would incur so much inconve-
nience and injustice should be.adopted.
Mr J. W. JONES said he would ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bahnard] to show
how anj body would be injured, or any «'cutis
inconveniently arranged, by ihe amendment he had
offered If there was hardship anywhere, he wished
the gentleman to show how it operated.
Mr. BARNARD objected to the question. It
was an improper mode of proceeding. In ture, he
would submit it to the gentleman from Virginia,
whether the object of his amendment was not to
promote the personal convenience of ihe respected
judge of the 5 h circuit, who now resided in Vir-
ginia? Would these pmendmen's have ever been
introduced, but tor the fact that this bill would
make it rs-es^ary for that judge either to change
his res d<?nce or resign his sta ion?
Mr J W. JONES said that, apart from that con-
sidera ion, a1? a Representative from Virginia lie
shouldha/e fell it bis duty to have offered it. If the
gentleman would call to mind wsit he said, he
would 'md that he declared ih?t the fi'st object to be
sought atter, in passirg a judiciary bill, was to ex-
tend the benefits of out system to all parts of the
Union, secondly, to distribute the du íes to be per-
formed equally among tho?e called on to perform
them, and, thirdly, (ihe la«t and least consideration,)
to accommodate as much as prac icable the con-
venience of the jadg s. He thought al1 thes* ob-
jects would be accomplished by his amendments
trie would again ask the gentleman it they would
do haim to anvbodyI Snow him a ca"( in which
me bib, it amerüed, as he h d preponed, woula
oper te inconveniently or unjj tly, and he would
satisfy 'be gentleman to the con rary
Mr BARNARD ?id he might ask t'ie gentle
roan from ~Virs ma if the arra* gfiient ( ro w"d
in the bi" b«i id do mjuiy to any portion of tne
people of th  United Sta es? Would nit this bill
meet the objects for which the judiciary wa-, estab-
lished? And if so, wny did tne genllem-n fron
Virginia rotre here with his amendtren 1 D J
any complaint exist in any o'h-r Circuit, exu m
those propo td to be remodeled? lie (Mr B )
was opposed o the amendments He was opposed
to sending tne bill again to the coram ttef, aftei it
li„-l'oten examined—after U had passed the Ser-
ate, and that, oo, al this late period of the session
In order to bring 'h-1 House to a direct vo e upon
the bill, he .vould do what the House would beqr
him witness he was not accjstomed io do, pnd that
w . , io move !"   previ us que°tio->
llu, Houce usi-ined tl e c 1 for 'n* ire 'ious
question, an i in., mam question having bten order-
ed to be now put—
Mr J W J0WE3 asked for the yeas and nays
on he passage of me b 1), which were taken, and
icon ted— tas 115, nays 65, as follows
\E\S— Messrs Allen, Sherlock J Andrews, Ar pleton
Arnold All eton Aycri™ Tiabcoclt Baker Barnard, íii ildcK,
Bird 1,3 e, Ulan, Bot-dn n Boi k i, Hots, Briges Milton
Browi, Jeremnh Blown, Burnell, William O Butler,
Calhoun, Willi m B CaTipbell, 1 liornas J Campbell Ci
lulhers Casey, Ch ¡man Chills Chittenden JoImC Claik,
lamis Cooper, Cowea Cianston Cravens Cioss, G-airett Da
vis lotn Edwaulb I emenden mioiore, A I. Foster, Gamble,
G Miv Gidd ngs G .nsnn Panicle G Goole Gnimn Gran
gd Gieen Gwin Habit ham Hall II tiste ¡Iiiisoi How
a^ljliu n, Chai c I Ingerid ioseph It I eisoll WiUnm
W hwln, fun W iiiam Cost Jul t oi I 1m P Iiennedy
Knr tie I inn M kun an ^tmson Mas,! Mil hint Mat'
t >cU Míw M Mavnard Mitclt, I Moig?ij, Hon a Mo niv
O^boine, O \ icy P aice í en lie i u Pope ProlTit, Ka n av
Boijlilt tl Randall Akx^n I r K In! Rudolph liaynct
ki ¡"way Rt 're Wiilia ti Russt I! Janus M Rus ell Mh n
s> ill *5t oid 'siu idtrs ^hiel ¡9 I luman So ith Stanly -^trut
ton Utxander 11 H *, uart Tohn T fei iart liiiafturo John
U 111 m|-Mi) RicudW Thompson Ixroo Tl omp^o > Til
linghvit Toland Tnmlinson Trirlett U i ierwo d Van Eens
seliei Wtllace Warren Wa hinuton Elwaidl) Wtn e Jo
be h 1/ White, Ch stoph i H Williams., Augustus, \ouag
an ! lohn \ >ung— llo                                                                  '
IsAl-,—Messrs A lams Atbe ton, Barton, Be s m, Bowne
B ,d, Btewt,er Aaroo V Brown Charles Brown Burke'
G pen W Ca dwell Patrick C Callwell, John Caoipbell
Cary, Clifford Clinton Coles ( olqultt Mark A í o per Daniel'
R D Davis, Dean, Doan, John C Edwards, Egbert, John G
Floyd William O Goode Gordon, Htm" Hiys,'Home«
Hopkins, Houck Hubaid, Hunter, Cave Johnson John w'
Joues, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefleld, Abraham McClel
Ian, Ri bert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand
Alfred Marshall, Mathews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Plumei]
Eeding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Snyder, Steenrod,
Sweney, Turney, Van Buren, Watterson, Weller, James W,
Williams, and Wood—68
THE VETOED TARIFF BILL.
Mr. PR0FF1T moved to take up the bill which
was returned from the President, with objections,
and laid on the table yesterday, for the purpose of
reconsidering the same, according to the constitu-
tional duty of the House.
Mr. FILLMORE begged that gentlemen would
wait for the report of the Select Committee on the
Message
Mr. PROFFIT said the report would have no
influence upon htm; and be did not wish the House
to be delayed in its action upon a new tariff bill,
by waiting for the report of any committee upon
the message.
The House refused to take up the bill—ayes 89,
noes 104.
On motioH of Mr J P KENNEDY, the Com-
mittee of the Whole were w-charged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill to regulate the mode
of measuring the tonnage of vessels
Mr. ADAMS moved that the House take up
the report of the select committee on the reasons
given by the President for signing the apportion-
ment bill, and that the same be referred to thi Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr. GUSHING objected Thereupon
Mi. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules,
in orler to receive his motion. The House refused
to «ulpend—ayes 99, noes 88, not two-thirds.
Onimotion by Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solver! itself into/Committee of the Whole on tbe
state of the Ur/on, (Mr. Hopkins of Virginia in
the ch&jr.)     /
Mr. f ILLjMORE moved that the committee
take up Houls bill No 80, making appropriations
forcertain^cttifications of the United States for ihe
year 1842. *
Mr WM. COST JOHNSON asked if there was
not a bi 1 on the table to refund to Gen. Jackson
tne amount of the fine imposed on him at New
Or'ean- by Judge Hall, and moved to lake up that
bill
The question was first put on Mr. Fillmohe's
motion, and carried—ayes 82, noes not counted.
So the committee took up the bill making ap-
propriations for certain foitificaaoms of the United
Slates for the year 1842, and the bill having been
read, the committee proceeded to consider it by
sections. Tne 1st section having been passed
over-
Mr. GRAHAM said that he was somewhat at
a loss what motion to make, now that he had got
tbe floor Hi  obj 'ct was to reject the bill, and he
believed the best way to attain it was to move to
strike out the enacting clause.
Tne CHAIR said that the motion was not in
order in Committee of the Whole, the committee
being on the second section. If there was no mo-
Uon to amend that section, tbey would pass on to
the next
Several sections were passed over; and the 20th
section was read, making an appropriation of
$33,000 for Fort Warren, Boston harbor
Mr. J. CAMPBELL thought that, in the pres-
ent condition of the treasury, they ought not to
make any appropriations for new works or for the
extension ot lho«e already completed; but should
coiifine themselvts to aupropnating money for ne-
cessary repairs only. Under the impression that
the appropriation for Fort Wárren was for a new
worir, or for the extension of one already con-
strue ed, n * would move to strike it out.
Mr FILLMORE said that the appropriation
wa for the continuation of a work in progress,
aad wps barely sufficient fcr preventing its going
to ruin, and the total loss of what had been already
exnended. He would observe, in advance, to save
¡rojble, that the committee had reduced all the ap-
piopnations in this bill far below the estimates of
the department; and the committee had barely dis-
tnbu ed among the different works money enough
to preserve the Works m progress from dilapidation.
Mr CAMPBELL of South Carolina said that,
understanding from the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means [Mr. Fillmore] that the
only object of the bill was to make such appropna-
I tions as were necessary for the preservation of th,?
