CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           87§
works, and the materials collected at them, he
would withdraw his amendment.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON made some inquiries of
he chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Mean«, the purport of which (as his back was
turned towards the reporter) was not heard
The clause making an appropriation of $7,000
for the preservation of the site ®f Fort Macon,
Beaufort, North Carolina, $5,000, was next in or-
der.
Mr. WASHINGTON moved to amend it, by
increasing the appropriation 10 ¡¡,14 000, and made
some observations in support of his amendment,
showing the insufficiency of the sum for th" ob-
ject in view, and the great impoitance of the work
Mr. POPE made a few observations m opposi
tion to the amendment, referring to the state of the
treasury as the reason why such appropuations
should not be increased He would be willing to
make liberal appropriations for all our works of
defence, if our finances wore in a more prosper
ous condition
At the suggestion of Mr. MALLORY, Mr
WASHINGTON consented to .waive his amend-
ment till the other clauses of the bill were gone
through with
Mr. BLACK offered an amendment, to insert,
after the appropriation for Charleston, S   C , an
appropriation of $60,000 for t'se funher prosecu
tion of  he works of Port Pulaski, at the mouth of
the Savannah river
Mr B said that by reference to the report of
the Secretary oí War, he ^aw an estima e of
$60,000 for this objec for the present year, and,
by reference to another document, he saw that
#50,000 was appropriated in the year 1840 He
understood that the fort vas not finished, and that
the sum he proposed was not more than was abso-
lutely necessary to finish it In th  present condi-
tion of the finances of the country, he would be
willing that the work on all the fortifications of the
United States should be stopped , but when he
saw that the Committee of Ways and Means were
reporting thousands Hpon thousands for other
works upon the s°acoast of less importance, he
did not propose to stard still and see the Savannah
river passed over.
This fortification (Mr B said) was one of the
most important in ihe whole country It protected
the interior of Georgia, the interior of South Car-
olina, of North Carolina, and pait of Tennessee
There was no fortification in the Southern coun-
try to be compared to it in importance He should
be glad to know why the committee had passed
by the fortifications so important to the region of
country he cat^e from, while they appropriated «o
liberally for other sections ot the Union. If the
state of the treasury was sucn as to require the
whole system of fortificatu ns to be stopped, he
would make no objections , but he could not be si-
lent while the important work he had named was
alone neglected.
Mr. STANLY referred to another b II, m which
there was an appropriation of $50,000 for this
work
Mr FILLMORE sa d that there was an appro-
priation of $50,000 at the extra se«s'on for this
work, which was reported in the documents from
the War Department as unexpended
Mr. BLACK said that was in December last
Did that show that any money was on hand now?
Mr FILLMORE said no, the money might have
been all expended
The CHAIR said that the amendment of the
gentleman irom Georgia wps out of order—the ap-
propriation he proponed being included in another
bill that was pending before the House.
Mr WHITE of Louisiana moved to strike out
the appropriation of $10,000 for Fort Livingston,
Barratana bay
Mr. W then proceeded to give at length bis rea-
sons for the motion—beirg the insufficiency of the
sum, which he considered worse than nothing, and
would be thrown away. Mr W spoke of the
great importance of having this point fortified,
both for the safety of New Orleans and the vast
region of country to which the bayous of the Mis-
sissippi were outlets. If he could not get the sum
estimated by the War Department—-f 90,000, which
was barely sufficient—he would rather the $10,000
should be withheld
Mr. PENDLETON expressed the hope that the
gentleman would not persist ir bio motion He did
not agree with him that an appropriation of $10 000
wou d be useless, though he wruld rather see the
estima! * of the War Department adopted Mr
P , m conclusion, moved to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Louisiana, by inserting $90,000,
instead of $10 000.
H  concurred in the sentiment which had been
expressed, of the necessity to cutdtwi appropri-
ations for work , already commenced, and of com-
mencing no appropriations for new works until
they could «ee from what source the m ney was to
come, bui he etne'uded to supply the blan^ with
$90 000
Mr FILLMORE having made a few observa-
tions—
Mr PENDLETON resumed in explanation.
Mr WHITE siid ihM, from information de-
rived from the department, he had a cer eined that
the sum of $90,000 vculd be required foi these
woiks, which weie for the preservation, contihu
anee, and repairs of old woiiss, and tnerefore be
insisted on his motion
Subsequently he mod fied his mo ion, by pro-
posing $50,000
The motion was negatived
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
rise and report the bil>
Mr SPRIGG said be bad an amendment, which
he wished to pr< po e as an additional section, which
provided that it should b" th  duty of ihe Secrrtary
of the Trfitsuiy of the United fetales to report to
Congress, at tht next session, t^e amount of mon^y
drawi from the treasury in each year, trom the 1st
of January, 1817, to the 1st of October, 1842 to
be applied to the construe ion and repair of ihe va-
ruus fort of the Uritcd Siat s snd the Temtones
thereof, dis mguishing bet t en the ami ant expend-
ed on the construction and in the repair of the
works
He made some explanatory remarks, whicn
were not dist nc ¡y hei d, and proceeded to com-
ment on the fact that many of our light houses
were erected on sites which v ere tie pioperfy of
individuals, instead of belonging to the United
States. He also objected to the attempt to com-
plete the long line of works fren Passamaquoddy
bay to the Sabine river, which were proposed,
when the treasury was empty He was under
stood to remark that, if the proposed works were
comple ed, they would require 63,000 meu to man
them in time of war, and a very large number m
tune of peicc Regaidmg, then, the immense
amount of money which they vculd require, and
th" condition of the ccnirj , it was time that they
s ould pau. e, and leara what amiuiithnd been
expended on these foi tifications, ascena n their
eharac er, and sa isfy themselves whe aer it would
be proper to prosecute those wtrks
Mi FILLMORE mtim-ted (hit ihe amendment
was not in order on this bill, thcugh it might be le-
fitimately offered, at the proper opportum'y, as a
res lutioc.
After ome discuss on, in which M"s=is Mc-
KAY, MALLORY, ÉPRIGO, PROFFÍT, HA-
BERSHAM, UNDERWOOD, and FILLMORE
took part the amendnent ¿ns negative 1.
Mr BLACK effete 1 an ame idment, a" a sup-
plem-ntal *eo ion to provide an appropnuion of
$60 000 for Ft n pulask¡, on the Savannah river.
He contended that th s amcuPi ougbt to be appro-
priated to complete the works which had been be-
gun, and that that por'ion of the country should
have its proprn on of hedistrtbuii"ns made by tpp
Goverimen Hp p mted out the importance of
guarding the r-euih ot th.it n«er, as tie kty to
the mlan 1 Stat s
The amendment was negatived
Mr GRAHAM moied that the committee rise
and report the bill 'o the House, with tse jecom-
mendat on that it be rejected. Hi said he was
not opposed to a system of fornica' oas, {or he
believed they were in part necessary to our cou"-
try , but it was utterly imposs ble to erect them
along out long line of coa-t, extending 3,000 miles,
to protect every creek and river    He was in favor
of doing that by a floating fortification—a good
navy. He had endeavored to sns'am the navy,
and he beheved'that it was wise economy, but, at
a time like the present, he could not vote for this
bill
Mr. HOLMES said he would venture to assert
that there wa* no gentleman here, however eco-
nomical he might be, who would not vote for this
bill, did he comprehend the reasons on which it
 as founded He admitted that there was no
money, and did not, at present, see tnat the ghlity
of any financier would be great enoagt  to raise
revenue adequate to the wants of this nation. He
believed with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr Adams ] that a revolution was at hand—not,
however, a conflictof arms, but of mind—not an
endeavor to pull down the Government, but a con-
flict between the Whigs and Democrats as to the
mode of prov ding the ways and means for the
tieasury. But this was not the question before the
committee
If (said he) you are to exist as a nation, will
you give up all that renders you safe and secure
in your position? The i< r fixations you have al-
ready erected have cost $20,000 000 What, then,
is the question5 Snail you sink toese twenty mil-
lions mlo the ocean, from which you have built
your forts, rathei than expend a quarter of a mil-
1 on to prevent them from going to dilapidation?
Pass over this bill—put it aside—and what will be
the result? To save $243,000, you will lose mil-
lions This confederacy either is or is not to be
preserved It it is to be presan ed, then yout
should preserve that which will contribute to ren-
der it permanent as one jrand empire.
He deprecated the policy pursued by the Demo-
cratic Aoimiusiration—of stopping the appropria-
tions <" fortifications The coistqueme of such
neglec whs, that they went to decay and, in the
end, required mor„ to rebuild ard repair them than
it would have cost to make timely repairs He
instanced t')e case of a vessel which belonged to
the Government, and was sold for want of an ap-
propriation to keep it up The vessel cost four or
five thousand d liars He (Mr H ) bought it for
$1 000, and, alter using it for tome time, «old it for
$200 Tne buyer again sold it, then a wreck, to
the Government, for $1,000.
Mr MALLORY said he would not discuss the
merits of fo, „fications, they had become the settled
policy of the Government He advocated the ap-
propriations contained in this bill, in order to insure
ihe completion of works already begun He men-
tioned a nun ber of instances where the refusal of
Congress to make appropriations for fortifications
had produced dilapidation and decay, creating the
necessity for extensive repairs Although he had
voted against the (so called) revenue bill, and was
m favor of these appropriations, yet he considered
himself entirely consistent, and was ready to vole
for a bill hat would give proper reven efor carry-
ing on these works, and defraying all the expendi-
tures of the Government
Mr HABERSHAM made a few remarks not
distine ly heard, but understood to be in defence of
the appropriation for Fort Pulaski, on Savannah
river
Mr M A COOPER opposed the bill. He con-
sidered it a violation of every principle of econo-
my, and as proposing to expend money when we
had none in the treasury Moreover, there was no
ob'iga'ion to expend themone}, as there was in the
case of the army and navy, toward  whicu large
sums were approp-iated The system of making
s 'ch !ar°e appropriations to fortifications had too
lona; existed, and he thought it high time it was ar-
rested
Mr GUSHING advocated the propriety of the
bill He rep iei for some time io the remarks of
bis cu1 e?gue [^Tr Adams] in relation to " revolu-
tion" and an " appeal to the God of battles   and
a>o to the 'emarks of his colleague in relanon to
the powers said to oe assumed by the Executive.
He deaied having ever said that the Executive was
a " co ordinate branch of the Legislature."
Mr ADAMS briefly replied, contending that the
speech of his colleague was metaphysical and hsat
splitting.
l\
