80
Mr. POPE opposed the passage of the bill at
this time. Adverting to the exhausted condition
of the,treasury, he took occasion to disclaim ut-
terly all agreement in the fears professed by some
gentlemen as to a disruption of the Government.
He was not in the least alarmed on that subject;
nor should he be at half a dozen more vetoes.
There was a higher power in the state than either
Congress or the President; and that was the people.
To them the appeal lay in the last resort. He
was for the coutse adopted by Clueen Victoria,
who, when ¿he found she could not get along wiih
her ministry and their majority, dissolved Parlia-
ment, and appealed to the people. We must do
the same. The sterling good sense and integrity
of the people, and the sovereignty of their expressed
will, would soon prove themselves paramount to
both veto and ditto. [A laugh.] Mr. P. was pre-
pared to meet the Executive on such an appeal;
but he had no idea th?t this Government was to
be dissolved by little squabbles between a part of
this House and the corporal's guard.
Mr. P. here referred to his own experience when
Governor of Arkansas, when ü had become his
duty to veto the doings of the Legislature in three
different instances, («ad he really thought he
wrote a good deal better message to them, than
Captain Tyler's,)—[a laugh]—and the Legislature,
though strong against bim, had failed by one vote
to get * majority of two-thirds for their bul. No
appeal had been made on that occasion to " the
God of battles." [A. laugh ] The appeal was
made to the people; and, next year, two-thirds of
the Legislature sustained the veto of the Governor.
The people soon put things all right, and so they
would do again.
. The same thing had virmally happened in Ken-
tucky. In a season of public distress, the Legisla-
ture passed certain relief laws; they passed both
branches, and wsie approved by the Governor; but
the Judiciary pronounced them unconstitutional,
and put a judicial veto on the whole proceeding.
An effort was then made to break the judges, but
it failed. A new court was then appointed, who
gave an opposite decision; and then cume the fight
between the new and the old court parties. The
appeal was not to the God of battles, (though in
that case it was once very near coming to that,)
but to the people; and in the end the veto party
were triumprant, the constitutional court was re-
stored, and placed again on a firm foundation,
where it had stood firmly ever since.
Mr. P. scouted the idea of any appeal but a
peaceful appeal to the judgment of the people of
the United Slates. He here publicly proclaimed
ihat hs would enter into no caucus arrangements
or caucus pledge-: he went for passing a bill to
sustain the credit of the Government. [Cries of
"Right; that's it.- ]
A North Carolina Whig [Mr. Washington]
and a South Carolina Democrat [Mr. Holmes]
had talked about a niggardly economy in resisting
the appropriations in ttse bill. But he had a woid
for them, and particularly his fneud from Ac-
oomac, [Sir. Wise,] who professed to be a Jef-
fersonian Democrat. Mr. P. here referred to the
course of Mr. Jefferson's policy, as directed, in an
eminant manner, to retrenchment and public econ-
omy. He had repealed the internal taxes, reduced
She army and navy, and brought down the ex-
penditures of ihe Government to a little over
$15,000,000, and bad made provision f.>r paying a
part of the public debt. This was .ieffersoman econ-
omy. He commended this examph (on which he
seemed te dwell with a fond remembrance) to the at-
tention of bis friend (turn Accomac; he called him
his iriend, because he had feller, in love with him the
first time he had ever heard him seieak, for he made
a noble speech for a national bank, and very highly
eulogized Alexander Hamilton, [loud raen ¡men',]
and he had a kindly feeling tor him dill. He
hoped he would jet come back, and ; bow himself
a little nearer to the true Jetfersonian Democratic
school.    To this all must come back.
Mr. P. again adverted to the times from 1801
to 1833, and to our naval successes against the
pirates and the Barbary powers. The danger of
war had been ten times as great then as now, yet
the army and navy had both been reduced.   Mr. |J
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
P. disclaimed riding the hobby of a niggardly
economy. This he had never done, but wa* for a
just economy in the Government.
Mr. P. at length got upon the bill before the
committee, in regard to which he was understood
tc argue, as there was no present danger^of a for-
eign war, we could aff.ird', in the present exhausted
state of the treasury, to postpone any appropria-
tion for fortifications to a future session. It was
folly to go to borrow money for works that could
as well be postponed to a more- favorable season.
He seemed to think that much of what was said
in favor of the" several works whs prompter! main-
ly by a desire to get a little Government money
spent in gentlemen's own districts. AU this was
very natural, and he did not bteme it; but the forts
would not. run away; and as to the tools, and all
that, some way could be found to ke<¡p them from
rotting or rustins; away. The gentleman from
New York [Sir. Fillmore] had a very persuasive
way with him; he told the committee of crnversa-
tions he had had with the heads of bureaus, and
how much more they had asked for than the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had granted. Yes, he
supposed they made it a rule always to be sure to
ask enough, and thought themselves pretty well off
to get one-half. They were like the Kentucky
horss-dealers, who asked $200 for a horse that
they hoped to get §100 for. [A laugh.]
But Mr. P. should vote for neither the whole
nor the half.
Mr. P. adverted also to the strange idea that
seemed to possess the President, that every man
who would not vole for every appropriation was
actuated by personal hestility to him; disclaiming
all such feeling, and claiming to act for ihe coun-
try alone. He noticed the arrogant assumption
of our great cities to dic'ate in public measures :
they were but drops in the bucket, and greatly
overrated their own influence.
Mr. P. deprecated the evils growing out of z.
great extension of the navy, which was liable to
involve us m foreign controversies, and embroil
us, sooner or later, with all the nations of the
wotld. He thought it better to leave ihem to fet-
tle the balance of power in the Old Work', w'.i'e
we attended to our own concerns. But there were
some gentlemen who were for going the great
fignieinour navy and army too: they seemed tiied
ot the plainness and economy of a Republican
Government, and to long after the pomps and
splendors of a monarchy; but he hoped our repub-
lican plainness would long be preserved, and that
we should be governed more by prudence than oy
a vain ambition.
Mr. ARNOLD insisted that gentlemen had the
cart before the horse. Instead of taking up this
bill to appropriate $200,000, when there was net
a dollar m the ireasury, nor any lik )y ta come
there, (according to the infoma'jon he got from
all quarters,) they ourht to have takes up the bill
he had proposed io lliem for ihe saving off 2.000,-
000 in the expenditures of the Government. He
regretted that its consideration should have been
set aside by the motion of one of the peculiar
friends of the PresideEt.
Mr. A. referred to his oft-repealed efforts to get
up the bill, while others, appropriating millions' of
the public money, were suffered to take its place.
He adverted to the scorn and ridicule with which
he had been treated, both in and out of the House,
for his course in proposing a retrenchment of sala-
ries, while, as soon as he could get-an opportunity
of recording the yeas and nays, a large majority
instantly appeared in favor or the bill. He would
say to gentlemen, ihat though they could now
skulk, the nation would mark it. Such a course
woaltl be a foul stam upon the national character.
Men would record their names by yeas and nays
as m favor of the till, and, the moment they could
escape i'om this open responsibility, would resist
every effort to get it up. You are hypocrites, ex-
claimed Mr. A.—vile hypocrites !
[Here be was called to order from all quarters
and the Chíir said such language could not be
permitted ]
Mr. A. said he had pointed to no one in particu-
lar; but what was not allowed to be said here
would be spoken freely among the people, and
would come back to some gentlemen in tones ef
thunder. Mr. A. said that, until they would con-
sent to take up and act upon this retrenchment bill,
he should stop voting for any further appropria-
tions. He did not pretend to be in the arcana of
either party; he fought upon his own hook.
[A voice: "You don't make much headway, Ar- ,
NOLD."]
That was true, as regarded this House; but he
had succeeded in getting up the subject; the ques-
tion was before the people; and if the people did
not send up men pledged to carry the measure into
full effect, he was most egregiously mistaken.
As to the state of the treasury, the Whigs could
do nothing for it, nor could the Democrats. Sup-
posing they should now stop, and pass another bill
—such a bill precisely as the President might in-
dicate, and promise to approve, (as he had in the
case of the second Bank bill)—what assurance
could the House have that he would not veto it?
No assuranegs from that quarter could any further
be relied upon. Nothing would suit him, that &
majority of this House could send. Then they
had only to leave the Government a barren waste,
and (he country in increasing embarrassments. No
other course was left to them. He rather thought,
after such an experiment, ihe next Congress would
find matters somewhat less stubborn; and would
not, like this, meet the veto at every turn.
[A voice: "How do you know he won't veto
your bill? ]
Mr. A. said it was like enough he might. "Ve-
toes were becoming fashionable; but he would
rather have it openly murdered by a veto, than si-
lently smothered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GIDDINGS, after listening anxiously for
some good argument in favor of passing this bill, *
had hiard but one which had any weight; and that
was, that large sums had already been spent on
these fortifications. This was an argument which did
not saii-fy him. He asked any gentleman to sbo#
him the real benefit we had received in return for
the twenty millions thus far expended upon them.
None entertained the apprehension that our soil
would be invaded by any foreign foe; none would
dare to make that attempt again. But if they did,
forts would not keep them out. These works might
be useful in defending our great naval depots, but
elsewhere of what value were they? He here re-
ferred to the exposed coast of the north of Ohio, in
which there was not a single fortification; and Hea-
ven forbid this Government should ever be asked
by any Representative from that State to erect one!
Mr. G. referred to the vast amount of property
constantly afloit in the commerce on our great
lakes, and the refusal of Congress to appropriate a
dollar for its preservation, or even that of the lives
of our lake sailors.
Mr. G. had voted largely for forts on the sea-
board; but if his constituents would forgive him for
that one offence, he never would be guilty of the
like !;gnin. It might be said he was actuated by
sectional feeling; and if he were, the only way to
keep down sectional jealousies was by doing sec-
tional justice. He hoped the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means would duly weigh
ihe*e coniiderations. [A voice: "He has got no
scales."   '• Question! question !"]
Mr. FILLMORE said that if the commitlee
would now consent to report the bill, with or with-
out a recommendation that it be rejected, the
Honse could act upon it without delay, and then
proce"d to other business. He was bound to say
that ho had him-self great doubts as to the propriety
of now passing it; and if something was not done
for the relief of the treasury, other than a resort to
loans, he should be compelled to vc¡le against the
bill. He r.ever would consent to appropriate
money for fortifications, which must be borrowed,
at a great discount," on 6 per csnt. Government
flock.
As to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio,
,' [Mr. Giddings,] the world must exonerate Mr. F.
from all imputation of selfishness in introducing
this bill; it contained not one dollar for any West-
ern work whatever. The committee had reported
the bill, originally, in the hope that, before it re-
ceived its final action, some means would be pro-
vided for furnishing the funds.   That hops wss
