CONGRESSIONAjL globe.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
Continued from No 55.
now disappointed According to the present pros-
pect, there was nol only ne means m the treasury
now, bat there would not be, unless by means of
fresh loans—and to that Mr F would never give
his consent, not even for the sake o* repairing the
fortifications of the country
Mr BOWNE observed that he would detain the
committee but a few moments, and, indeed, he
would not have risen at all, but for the remarks of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mi Arnold ]
which had enlisted his sympathies for the unhappy
predicament in which the gentleman seemed to be
placed. Having seen a way, or fancied that he
saw a way, by which the gentleman could be re-
lieved from that load of distress which was weigh-
ing him down to the dast, he felt it his duty to
point it out to him The gentleman from Tennes-
see could not vote for the e appropriations—first,
because there was not a dollar in th. treasury, and,
secondly, because, shadowing iorth the caucus de-
cree, he predicts that we are to have no revenue
bih
Mr. ARNOLD. I kno x of no caucus decree on
the subject
Mr BOWNE Well, the gentleman gave it as
his individual opinion, mat no levenue bul would
be passed at this sessioi, and h (Mr B) having
been in the habit of looking to the gentleman' 
predictions as ind cat'oni of such decrees, and
having so often seen them verified, thought he
could not be much out of ihe way in believing
that there had been anotner decee on the present
occasion But it was rot the gentleman from Ten-
nessee alone who had given them this in'imalion.
They had heard as much yesterday from the vene
rabie gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,]
and to-day from his friend the eha rman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Vr Fillmore]
Now, permit me to ask (sai 1 Mr B ) wny is it that
We are to have no revenue bi 1 a* this session?
Wah a maj nty of forty m this Hou<-e, and a ma-
jority of ten in the Senate—for gentlemen of the
Whig parly to iell him that ihey could not pass a
revenue bill to raise money to carry or the Gov
eminent, and re ¡eve it from it- embarras«ments-,
was to trifle wi h ms understating Would gen-
tlemen sav that they eouid not pass a revenue b 11
because the President had vetoed ihe ore just sent
him' Did they suppose they could deiude ihe
people of the coun rv with tbii child like storj?
Bid tney suppose that the people were so van'
ing in intelligence as not to «ee the real mo-
tives which governed ¡hem? L t us go bc-ck to the
little revenue twelve hies bill, and see v hat the
President to'd lh< m wien be returned it v i<h his
objections Why he told them hat he wis ready to
cooperate with them in any revenje measure,in
language as plain as it coa'd be w ltlen 'ihe/ con
nectedit Kith a treasure wh ch th°y knei? he d sap-
proved of, and th  cc n equ"'ice was <üs t! ey foresaw,
aveto In ihe face of thr-, tneypia ed another reve-
nue b 11, and connected t with 'hit sam< m^asur*,
which th  Presidert told hem, in language a plnn
as he could *peak, that be could not cjr cien
tiousty sanction, an i though th j knew thit he
disapproved of i', and that he b?d n^rve enough to
throw it back upon tbem, thev still force i it «pon
him And now («ail Mr B ) they tell u- we are
to have no revenue bill, because, fnrseoth they sp
prehend another veto Tne story i-> too i-*le to op
believed for a mement The) cou'd nit make a
boy of ten years ot ige listen to it The P p iJent
has told you, in language as p'*in as he ran speak,
that he is ready and anxious to co opera e i h the
Legislature m passing such a revenie mi su e a
will re'ieve the wan s ot the Go eminent, •? id, pt
the same time, give sufficient incidental pro'ec'i n
,0 our manufac unng and mecbaiical mdisn,
but that he eannot, m the present embarrassed con-
dition of the treasury, sanction the co'lection of
taxes with the one hand, to be squandered en the
States with the other If the Government < as to
be prostrated because he will not give his consent
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 17", 1842.
Volume 11---ÍÍO. 56.
to such a monstrous s>st°m of legislation, those
who have a strong majority m both Houses ot Con-
gress, with a President ready to co operate with
tbem'in any constitutional measure of relief, must
take ihe responsibility Sticb, however, was the
tenacity with which part)-spirit clung to its pur-
poses, that, while this majority was willing to
squander three mi'lions away among the States,
though the treasury was entirely exhausted, they
could not pass a revenue measure to provide the
ways and means to carry on the Government
They profess that they are anxious to pass a rev
enue measure to relieve the wants of the coun
try, but they are unable to accomplish any
measure of re.ief, in consequence of the Presi-
dent's vetoes Now, was there ever such hollow-
hearted hypocrisy exhibited on the face of the
earth? Sir, (said Mr B ,) they ditin m«in to pass
a revenue bill The decree has gone forth, that
they must have distribution or no revenue—perish
credit, perish commerce, peudi the (Xrstuution it-
self, rather than yield up a principle so dear to
Wmgery Tney will collect taxes fiom the peo-
ple wi h the one hand, to scatter with wasteful
prodigality wi'h the other Though the Gov-
ernment is to be su pended in its operations, they
will not conset t to provide the ways and means to
carry it on, because they bave be^n defeated in
their favorite scheme of distribution He repeat-
ed, vas there ever such hol'oro-hea-ted hjpoensy
manifested m the legislation cf any countr)? S r,
(^aid Mr B ) the Democracy are aiwa>s ready to
unite with you in passing a revenue law Tney
will agree to give jou •such a levenue as will be
sufficient to supply all the wants of the Govern-
ment economically administered, and, at the same
time, sufficient mci'ental protection to Amer-
ican mdostry He said this, because he bad
heard as much from a majority of the members of
the Democratic party, and, from repeated conver
sations with them, knew such to be their determm-
a ion, and he now tendered the assistance of the
Dem c atie party to carry rut such a revenue
meosuie as the President will approve What
did gcrx'emen say to this proposition? They knew
that the Demo-ratic party, ai d the President also,
wou'd unte with tnem in passing a revenue meas
ure, unennrtcted with tr>e odiou , and abom-
inable principle of eo'lec icg money from tre
people to be squandered anions the Sta'es And
would they adjojrn vuihout it? W<ud thev go
before the peor le, and tci tber-i toa tieyoeter-
miiid to have no revenue, un ess coupled w.ih dis-
tribution2 He eha'lengeri them to go be'ore the
people vvith such an ssue L t them dare to take such
a responi bility uton tl emselves, ¿nd tbey would
find v-hat the gentleman tro-a Ke ítuckv h Id them
had happened in h s State—a majontv of he peop'e
sustaining the ve o Tn^y would find not alean
majority, bu t*o third  of the peopjf Kith tfce
P oidtnt, as the Ken ucky Guvernoi of Arhm as
found two thirds of the people -b i h rum, «u tam-
ins; a decision eaculated to pntect the r dealest
ínteres s He w>s rej iced to h ar the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr Pope] pine out as he did
His language wa-, worthy of a b ave „nd pa none
Ken ickian Tne gentleman sa d he we„l 1 go for
any measure n eessary to upport the Government,
¿nd calculate! tr promote the mter sts rf the peo-
p'e, without regird n caucus dictation Let the
majon y follow the pa nolic lead of he "en leman
from Kentucky Le' them abandon their wild and
improvident schemes of •■quanderingawiy the rev-
enues ihe Government has so much need of, l*t
the public lands rem? d where they have here
torore been, to provid  lor the pabl c debt and
he expo i=es of die G vcrnraen , and, mstepd
if l'le an' ^ensele^s declpmat on ?t,out Execu-
te" vetoes, let tl em go to worn and pass a
revenaebll They c uld pass one tomorrow —
one thU would sriv  sufficient suppoit to the
Government, aid protect the labonng c'as*c 
at the same time Aw<>y with all this humbug-
gery of bankruptcy, civil war, and appeals to the
god of battles Go to work, and you can pass a bill
to morrow, that will relieve the country, and yon
can do it with Democratic votes. Now, here was
a sovereign remedy for all the ills of which gentlemen
complained Let them come up to the work, and we
[the Democracy] will meet them there and let us
hear no more complaints about Executive usurpa-
tions, bankruptcy, and prostration of the credit of
the country.
Mr. FILLMORE rejoined The newborn zeal
of bis colleague—who seemed to have become a
recent convert to the Administration of John Tyler
—must strike some gentlemen with surprise. Mr.
F , however, was not surprised The gentleman
referred to the President's promises about ?pprov-
mg a revenue bill, and had declared that the Demo-
crats were ready to vote for it Mr F hoped they
were, and, if so, there was a bill now on the table
which he hoped they would come up in a body and
lerd their aid in pissing into a law [Cries of
"What is it?"] He referred to the bill which hf d
be«n returned to them by the President [Were
Mr F '¡> voice and all other *ounds were lost m
loud roars of laughter, which for a time continued
to ihake the hall ] This afforded an opportunity
of soon putting the sincerity of his colleague ^nd
his Democratic associates to the test The gentle-
man complained that the majority had rather lose
the revenue bill altogether, than relinquish the petty
matter of the land fund—a mere trifle, not worth
quarrelling about. He was happy to hear that
gent'emen considered it so trifling a maU-r, he pre-
sumed, then, that they would themselves not insist
upon its relinquishment, but would come up man-
fully, and relieve the country at once, by voting for
the bill. And even Mr Tyler said he would sign
it, if two thirds of both Houses would but agree to
pass it.
The new zeal of his colleague for the relief of
th" treasury was truly surprising A bill had last
summer been introduced fcr that very end—a bill
againn which no consti'ntional objection was pre-
tended, and which was entirely within the provi-
sioi s of the compromise act had his colleague vo-
ted for i' No, he voted against it Then there
was another bill, intended to save the lt'tle revenue
left by the descending scale of duties did his col-
league vote for ibat1 No, he voted, with all his-
political as«o>-iates, fgamst it An amendment had
been ofT red bj the genileman from Mississippi,
[Mr. GniN ] the effect of which would bave been
to pos pone the dtstubu ion of the land frnd and
keep the morey in the trea ur) for this according
to hiQ colleague, every Democrat in the Hoijsp hrej
voted The bul went to the Senate thus amended,
and came back with the very ame amendrnput, in
ubstance
[ *i. Gwin reminded Mr F that fVSenate had
vi ted down h s am ndment, and  ubstituted ano-
ther ]
Y s but tbet other did the same thing; it post-
pcred the distribution, it kept the money in the
treasiay And w^at did all the Democrats in the
Hou e do tbet 1 Voted against it, to a man, by yeas
ana na)s How gr^at their zeal to fill a bankrupt
treasury ' Then thee wv. ¡ino her bill introduced
for this very end oí filling the treasury, and which
d d postpone the lard distribution, and it was veto-
ed by the President Did one Democrat—a single
one of them—vote for 11 Not one, thev all voted
against it Yet th s bill would have prevented d s-
tnbutton, and filled the treasury
What consistent patrol, and how sudden their
zeal for the Ueasurv ' What bad created a?—
wha1 hid intervened'! A vftt Yes, a veto, and
the consequence^ very clearly showed that there
nal been a previoas understanding between the
parties
Mr 1l' here referred to the pos tion taken by Mr.
B( wne—that the only obstacle to the pa«sag* of a
revenue bill was, that ihe Whig majority would
corned with it the distribution of the public lands.
But m this, he said, a very great mistake prevail d.
Intheiand distribution bill,  the two things were
