&á2
connected by the proviso which suspended the
distribution whenever duties should be imposed
over 20 per cent. The object and the operation of
the bill now vetoed were to separate the one subject
from the other. Had it become a law, they would
have been severed completely: &o that Congress
might have raised or lowered the duties without
affscting the land fund, or might have relinquished
the land fund without touching the duties. Mr F.
here gave an account of the reason of inserting
the proviso m the land distribution bill, and its
effect in connecting the two subjects of distribu-
tion and revenne The first tariff bill had been
vet ed, precisely because it contained that con-
nexion; and yet this bill also was vetoed, which
went to destroy it. The President had said that,
but for the proviso, the distribution bill could never
have become a law—giving virtually the same rea-
son for approving a bill which he now gave for
•vetoing. Mr. F. could not understand such ob
jections: he could not comprehend the course of
men who would refuss to give the Government a
revenue on grounds like these.
Mr. ROOSEVELT here put a query to Mr F ,
which led to further explanations and recapitula-
tions, relating to the proviso in the distribution bill,
the President's signature of that bill; and his ve-
toing of the present bill, on grounds he had former-
ly approved.
Mr. FILLMORE then proceeded to say that
there were jnst reasons to apprehend that the wants
of the treasury would not be supplied dunrg the
present session of Congress; yet now his patriotic
colleague—who admitted that the land distribution
was the merest trifle, a thing never worth quarrel-
ling about, and who could pa's the bill in spue of
all vetoes—sooner than yield that trifl , stood pre-
pared with his political friends to strike down the
interests of the country, and leave it prostrate,
without a revenue to maintain the Government or
meet the public demands' Gentlemen demanded
concession from the Whigs he thought some con-
cessions were due from the other side. They said
that, if this land claim were stricken out ofthe bill,
they were ready to vote for it, but they knew that
it was impossible that could be done in this bill
now. And why did they insist that a majority
should come down to the sentiments of a minority?
[A laugh, and cries of "No, no; no bargain!"]
Mr. F. said he had read over the veto again and
again, purposely to see whether the President any-
where said that, if the land clause were ou t of the bill,
he would approve and sign it; but it contained no
such assurance. And even if it had, when he rec-
ollected what had passed at the extra ¡,e sion,
what conceivable ground was there for confidence
to rest on? Mr. F. had no hope the bill would be
signed in any shape tbey could put it. There was
nothing, absolutely nothing, to create a hope. Mr
F., to be sure, did not know what might be done
before this session should close, he trusted there
■were enough here ready and desirous to do what
might save the country; but if Circumstances were
such that this could not be effect d, it remained
only that both parties should go befoie that com-
mon arbiter—the people themselves. He conclu-
ded by moving that the committee rise.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN appealed  to Mr.  F. to
withdraw the motion for a few minutes
Mr. F. declined to do so.
The motion prevailed by ayes 93, noes 40
So the committee rose, and reported certain bills,
laid aside to be reported yesterday, (but which
were not   then   reported, the committee having
risen for want of a quorum,) and also reported
progress on the bill just under discussion.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He was informed by ihe Clerk of the House
that he had been honored by the Sp aker wnh an
appointment as a member <f th* select commute ,
raised on the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr Adams,] to take into consideration
the message of the President of the United States
returning to the House "the bill to provide revenue
from imports, and to change and modify existing
laws imposing duties on imports," with his objec-
tions thereto. Considering that the Constitution
of the United States had, in express terms, pre-
scribed the mode m which either House oí Con-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
giess should dispi'e of the objections made by the
Executive to a bill returned by him to it; and con
sidering that the injunctions of the Constitution
had already been complied with—namely, by
spreading those objections on the journal, and
making them a matter of record, he believed that
neither House (f Congress had any power, by any
rule or regula'ion of its own, to depart from the
mode of procedure prescribed by that instrument,
and he considered that the reference of the message
was unconstitutional
The SPEAKER here called Mr I to order (as
the reporter understood) for irrelevancy.
Mr IRWIN. I decline serving on the com-
mittee, and consider it an act of jus'ice to myself
to give the reasons    [Loud cries of "order, order"
__a perfect uproar']    I move to be excused from
serving on that committee, and now proceed to
state my reasons for the motion
The SPEAKER again called Mr. I to order,
but what he said was unintelligible to the repoiter,
amid the noise and confus on that prevailed
Mr IRWIN. Does the Speaker decide thst'I
cannot give the reasons for asking to be excused from
serving on this committee'*
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
gentleman might give such reasons as had refer-
ence to the rules of the House, or his personal mo-
tives for desiring to be excused, but the gentleman
was proceeding to argue the question, and to im-
pugn the action of the House, an i was, therefore,
out of erder.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN appealed from the decision
of the Chair
Mr WISE rose amid loud cries of ''order." Mr.
W. said he wished to debate the appeal.
Mr. BARNARD called the gen'leman from Vir-
ginia to order.
The SPEAKER desired him to state his point of
order.
Mr. BARNARD said that there was a motion
pending to adjourn, made by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr Kennedy ]
The SPEAKER said that when the gentleman
from Maryland rose to move the adjournment, he
had given the floor to the gent'eman frrm Penn-
sylvania, [Mr W. W Irwin,] because he rose to
a privileged motion
Mr. WISE proceeded. He understood the de-
cision of the Speaker to be thi«: The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr Irwin] moved the House
to excuse him from serving on the select committee
named by him, because he believed that that com-
mittee had no constitutional existence, and he was
going on to state his belief that the decision of the
House in establishing such a committee was un
constitutional, when the Speaker decided that he
could not impugn the action of the House m the
line of his own constitutional duties—in other
words, that the House could force him to do an
unconstitutional act.
The SPEAKER interrupted Mr. W , and said
he had not put the case correctl;, and further said
that the appeal was not debatable.
Mr. WISE. I ask the Spraker if he did not de-
cide that the gentleman might asugn his reasons,
if they were proper reason*?
The SPEAKER said that be did dedde so, but
the gentleman was goirg on to argue the question,
and to give reasons that were irrelevant
Mr. WISE. Does the Speaker decide that it
was upon the ground of irrelevancy that he pre
vented the gentlemaa from proceeding? Was the
reason of the unconstitutionality of the committte
irrelevant'
The SPEAKER again called Mr W to order,
saying that the appeal was not debatable, anl
made some other remark-  not heard. And amid
deafening cries of "order," "order," and the rap
ping of the Speaker's mallet on thf tab'e,
Mr. WISE made a brief reply, of which a few
words only were caught—such as "tyisnn cal de-
cision," "I despise tuch—" "S r, it is contempt
lble "
Mr. W W IRWIN. Mr Speaker, am I at
liberty to decline serving on lb  committee'*
The SPEAKER replied in the nega'ive. It was
for the House to say whether the gentleman should
be excused from serving or not.
Mr W. W IRWIN said that if he wat at lib-f
erty to deo'we serving on the committee, he wonld 1
do so without asking leave of the House; but, m- 5
asmuch as the leave of ihe House was necessary, I
he would ask for the yeas and nays.                         !
In answer to a request that the Speaker would "
restate exactly what his decision was—                    •
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from '
Pennsylvania [Mr. Irwin] had asked to be ex-
cused from serving on the select committee to
whom had been referred the President's veto mes-
sage, and that the gentleman was proceeding to "
give his reasons for the motion.   And he was pro- f
ceeding to discuss the constitutional action  of the '
House, and to contravene the right of the  House, j
under the Constitution of the United States, to or- I
der the message to be referred to a select commit- '
tee.   And thts the gentleman gave as the reason or
foundation ot his motion to be excused from serv-
ing.   The Chair had decided tbat the gentleman
had a right to give his reasons within the contem-
plation of the rule of the House—as, for instance,
that he was serving on two other committees, or
that his health would not permit him to discharge
the duties of the appointment, or the like, but that,
in the judgment of the Chair,  the gentleman had
not the right to assign any reason in contravention
of the action of the House, as that was bated upon
the ground of a violation of the Constitution on the
part of the House.   The Chair had moreover ruled
the gentleman out of order, on the ground that bis
reasons were irrelevant, having no personal  appli-
cation to the motion he had submit ed.
Mr MARSHALL Do I understand the Speaker
to decide that the gentlerran from Pennsylvania,
in asking to be excused from serving on the com-
mittee, cannot ass gn as his reason, that, in his
conscience, the serving on the committee was not
constitutional
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmat.ve. [Cries
of "Yes, yes, that was it."]
Mr. BOTTS moved that the appeal be laid on
the table.
Mr. STANLY said that a monstrous fuss was
making about nothing at all He moved that the
House adjourn. But, at the request of several
members that the appeal should be disposed of be-
fore adjournment, he withdrew the motion.
The yeas and nays were asked, and ordered, on
the motion that the appeal be laid on the table, and,
being taken, were—yeas 78, nays 74.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Tte question then recurring on the motion to
excuse Mr. Irwin from service on the said com-
mittee—
Mr. WISE said ihat, before voting, he wished to
hear the gentleman's reasons.
Mr. IRWIN said that he would endeavor, as far
as was in his power, to confine himself to the rule
tfkt the Speaker had prescribed. He begged leave
to disclaim any intention to impugn the motives of
members of the House. It was not for bim to im-
pugn the act'on of the House, nor did he desire to
do so. His reason for asking to be excused from
serving on this select committee was—that, as the
Constitution of the United Siates, in the 7th sec-
tion of 'he bt article, had prescribed, in terms, the
mode in which either House should dispose of
thp objections returned by the President of the
United State= to any bill from which he might
Wi'i-hold his executive sanction, and as this
Hi Hse hal, on ye>terddy, or the day before,
\ae did not leeollect which,) when the Execu-
t <e message returmrg the objtctions of the
Pr> sident was presented, p-'acd these objections on
to* journal, m accordance with the provisions of
the Constitution to whieh be had referred, and
these objections had become m?tier of record, the
injunction ot the Cor  uution h^d been fully ear-
ned out, and ne considered and believed that any
other action m the shape of reference to a select
or standing commiitee, was rot sanctioned by that
seventh section of the first article ot ihe Constitu-
tion, and 'hat the House of Representatives could
not add to, by way of rule, or otherwise, the mode
of proceeding prescribed by that instrument. This
House cannot make a supplement to the Constitu-
tion. The duty had been performed, and, consid-
I eung it to be a violation of ihe Constitution 18
