Mr. KING thought the best way was to adopt
the amendment.
Mr. WOODBURY did not ki,o>? whether the e
rooms were warned now, or nol; but some rooms
in the southern wing are occupied, and are as com-
fortable as the room? in any of ¡he public build-
ings
The amendment was adopted.
The next was an amendment to insert several
new appropriations, which, for convenience of
reference, are numbered as follows.
1st. "For alterations and repairs and fixtures of
the north wing of the Capiiol, $1,853 40," which
was adopted.
2d. "For purchase of ground adjoining the
General Post Office, extending northerly to F street,
and between 7th and 8th sheets, $52,000
Mr. EVANS expla'ned how very disagreeable
it was to the officers of the Post Office Department
to have the rear of the building crowded up with
back yards, sheds, stables, &c.
Mr. SEVIER could not vote for the proposition
upon such slender ground" as that it was neces-
sary for the comfort of the officers. He would
rather see the $52,000 applied to the establishment
of two new post-routes in Aikansas
Mr. CALHOUN thought it would be right, ia
such times as the present, to postpone this propo-
sition.
Mr. KING thought it wa? a pity that such a
beautiful building should be ub cured by surround-
ing sheds, and it the means could be spared, he
would be in favor oí the purchase of this prop-
erty.
Mr. ARCHER said, the depression of the times
was favoraole to the purchase for the public.
Mr. EVANS explained that the Postmaster
Gsneral had fixed the prices he would offai; anu
the owners of the lots might sign their names to
any offer ihpy appro fed oí—the Postmas'er Gen-
eral not binding himself to take any he did not
want.
Mr. ARCHER pointed out the danger to both
the Post Office and Patent Office in case of fire;
and how necesiary it was to have them detached
from all adjoining buildings.
Mr KERR said it was the opinion of the Com-
missioner ot Public Buildings that the entire
square ought to be purchased.
Tae amendment was adopted.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked if the money was to be
paid out of the Pom Office fund?
Mr. WOODBURY said, no, it was out of the
treasury.
Mr CRITTENDEN. Then I wish to change
my voie from the affirmative to the negative.
There was then a fresh cunt on the vote, and
it stood—ayes 17, noes 12.
3d. "$1,000 for expenses attending the negotia-
tion of a t.ealy wita the Wyandot Indians of
Ohio," which was adopted
4th. ' To make good the interest on investments
in State stocks and bonds for Indian tribes not
yet paid by the States, to be re'tnbursed out of the
interest when collected, $15,600 92 "
Mr EVANS i xplamed the necessity of this ap-
propriation.
It was adopted,
5th. "Por compensation to a clerk in the oil ce
of superintendent ot Indian affairs at St Louis,
autnoriz d by i previous s 'Ctien of this act,
$1,300 "
It was adopted.
6th. "For compensation to tw > comm toners
to eiMtrine claims un í r t'ie trratv with the Cher-
oWs of 1835, and pvou «ecietary, and pro-
Visn a^ for I Us.' s during ¡he ^e s'on of the board,
and tore t fneent e\ lenses $13,500, and for
amaragfs • t ihl.Mc 1 x'd of commissioners un-
der v , c irei v  $1,5>8"
Mr SRViER i ved 'n amendm-nt, to include
11,750 50, fr amarais of a ronuact "o John
Dillon ot A Kansas
Mr. EV\NS 'as sotrj the SenVor offered this
as an .mewl ncut It was a tunable thtrg to go
before the C mmitiee ot Claims, as it required in-
vestigation. He enteied into details on the sub-
ject.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SEVIER furtntr advocated his amendment;
but it was negatived.
Mr. SEVIER then moved a reconsideration of
the vote giving f 1,000 for expenses attending the
negotiation of a treaty with the Wyandot Indians
of Ohio, in   addition  to  former appropriations.
After some explanation from Mr. EVANS,
Mr SEVIER wiihdrew his motion to reconsider,
with a view of offering his amendment wi h respect
to John Dillon's case, m another.
Toe CHAIR said that, while the Senator was
preparing his amendment, the Senate would pass
to the next additional appropriation, which was—
7th. "For expens.es and advances connected with
the negotiation and conclusion of the treaty of July
31, 1841, with the Sioux Indians, or certain bauds
of the same, the sum cf $15 000, er so much there-
of as raay be neceosary, upon audi mg and settling
the accounts by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department."
Mr. CALHOUN called for some explanation.
Mr. EVANS stated that the treaty had not yet
been ratified; and although there was a little irregu-
larity, there was a necessity which rendered this
mode of raikirg the appropriation unavoidable
Mr KING thought it very improper to sanction
expenditures made without authority, pending the
negotiation of treaties.
Mr. EVANS pointed out circumstances which
he conceived rendered this covrse excusable.
Mr SEVIER explained the particulars of this
case, of which he happened to have some knowl-
edge. He insisted that, m this instance, ail that
had been appropriated for this treaty m advance,
had been absorbed, and now a sort of arrearage was
creased, to make a claim for $15 000. Hp depre-
cated the favor shown to some claims, and the in-
justice to olhero.
Mr. BENTON thought this item ought to be
passed over mfuniaiiy, that the Senate might go
into executive session
Mr. EVANS explained that it was his desire to
go on with the amendment —there was but one
more; and then the bill might be reported back to
the Senate, and stand over till Tuesday.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SEVIER now offered his amendment m a
mora general form.
Mr. MOREHEAD suggested the propriety of
letting the amendment he over till an opportunity
would offer of proposing it in the Senate.
Mr SEVIER did net see how this appropria-
tion could be retused m the precse words ot the
other amendments He called for the yeas and
nay-, which were ordered
The question on Mr Sevier's amendment was
then taken, and resulted in the negative—yeas 16,
nays 20.
Mr. SEVIER moved to strike out the last lines
of the amendment.
The question being tatten—
The CHAIR said, "The noes have it."
Mr SEVIER.   Of course.
• The rext was-
8 " For compensation to two clerks, authorized
by the Secretary of War in ih: office of the Com-
miss'onei of Indian Affairs, by joint resolution, ap-
plied ¡VUv 20,1842, m addition to former appro-
pra ons, §1500"
Which was adopted.
All the amendments pioposed by the committee
having be=n «w tbrougr—
Vf* EVANSs id he had an additional amend-
ment to orkr
Í was . n me ert«p or pay io the superintendent
of tV Trcv-vn buddu g, from $250 to $500
l&e ameii-ioifit \v¡>s «,'opted
Anunet am n nnn*—b"nccrc cf explanation
—«a^ ais i adtr ed
r-'r WALKER move' sn amon^rnpit to re-
aop' pr ate ,,,19 910. ■\" i r Xb^ded portion cf the
sum of $30 1)1 0 ne *o'o'. s p' Pr>" e(1 ¡< r the re-
nun a (-tie Ch<ctaw Indians, from the Slate of
Mis-, «i p He e* pUmsd tnat, by the act of 1836,
the sum ot $30 000 was approbated for the re-
noval of the Choc'aw Indians from the State of
Mississippi Of this sum $10,090 was expended,
leaving $19,910 to be still applied to that object.
88?
As he un 'erstood the  law at present, the money
must be re-appropnated.
Mr. EVANS did not knew the facts of the case;
but, if adopted, it might come ia after the Indian
appropriations.
It was so placed and adopted.
Mr. WOODBURY pointed out that thenew clerk
allowed in the Treasury Department, by this bill,
at a salary of $1,600, was placed over the heads of
men who had served faithfully, at smaller salaries,
for many yean. They had only $1,400. Instead
of a new and really junior clerk being put over
their heads at $ 1,600 salary, he ought to be rated
under them, at $1,200. He moved, therefore, to
change the figure 6 into the figure 2; which was
agreed to
Mr ARCHER moved to add to the $1,000 ap-
propriated for the public gardener, $200, making
the salary, as heretofore, $1,200.
This was adopted.
The bill being ready to report to the Senate,
Mr. SEVIER called for the petition he had
handed in this morning from the watchmen of the
pablic buildings.
It was read.
He then moved to change the allowaoce for the
watchmen at the Navy and War Departments,
from $365 to $500, their usual compensation, which
was agreed to.
Mr. KERR wished to have some understanding
as to the future amendment of the bill. He un-
derstood the bill would be open to amendment
after it was reported back to the Senate. He had
several amendments to propose on the part of the
Committee of Fublic Buildings. Two of them he?
would ask to be now considered.
They were appropriations of $500 each, for two
men who had received injuries for life, by acr-idents
at the public buildings.
Mr. CALHOUN pointed out the result of be.
ginning this system of pensioning persons employ,
ed in the civil service
Mr. WILLIAMS pointed out much stronger
analogous cases; such as that presented to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, of the mechanic at
the navy yard, who lost his life by the bursting of
a shell. If the present case was considered, he
should feel it to be his duty to call attention to
that be had mentioned.
Mr. EVANS made a few remarks in favor of
the proposition.
Mr. KERR further advocated his amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the >eas and
nay«; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
affiimative~~yeas20, na>s 13.
The bt 1 was then reported back to the Senate;
and the question being on concurring in the amendj
ments pending, it was laid over till Monday.
On motion of Mr KING, the bill providing for
the payment of certain horses lost m the service
I of the United States, (which had been returned
from the House of Representatives with an
amendment,) was taken up, and the amendment
was concurred in.
On motion ot Mr. PRESTON, the bill to provide
for the payment of the Fionda m litia called into
service in the years 1839 and 1840, was taken up
as m committee of the whole, on an amendment
from the Committee on Military Affairs. The
amendment having been agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be read a third
time
Several House b Us were taken up, read twice,
and appropriately referred
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, August 13,1842.
Mr HUNTkR presumed the following procpfd-
i gs of an aim tariff mee'ing held m Garonne
county, Vrgma, which were laid on the table
At a meet ng of a poitioi of the citizens of
Caroline coun y, he'd at 8 «ling Green, asree-
ably to not ce, on the 8 h of August, 1842, Fran, is
W Scott was called to die chair, and George Fi z-
huah appointed secretary.
The object of the meeting was succinctly st& c i
by  the chairman, and thereupon, on motion < f
