s$#
Doctor Benjamin F. Taliaferro, the chairman ap-
pointed a committee to draught a suitable preamble
and resolutions, consisting of the following per-
sons,,, to wit: Benjamin F. Taliaferro, Col. John
Washington, Col. Archibald Samuel, Daniel De-
jarnette, Albert Flippo, John Taylor, jr., John
Todd, Washington Buckner, and Madison H.
Jones. On mo ion, the chairman and secretary
were added to the committee. After a short retire-
ment, the committee reported the following pream-
ble and resolutions; which were unanimously adopl-
ed by the meeting:
The unexampled pecuniary difficulties which
now oppress the people individually, all moneyed
corporations, and our Governments, State and Fed-
eral, have not been brought on by war, pestilence,
or famine, but are owing solely to unwise and in-
considerate legislation. Our rulers, for many
years past, have been seeking to increase national
and individual wealth, not by setting the example
of rigid economy and industry, but by contracting
loans and granting charters, and other exclusive
privileges; thus vainly endeavoring to make law
supply the place of labor. The spirit of specula-
tion thereby engendered has been rife in the land.
Too many men have been seeking, by some shorter
process than industry and frugality, to acquire
wealth. Idleness, under this visionary excitement,
prevailed to such an extent, that for several years
our country did not raise breadstuff's sufficient lor
hom« consumption. We are now tasting the bit-
ter fruits of this spirit of speculation—this idle-
ness—this profane attempt te get rich by our wit?,
instead of by hard work and close economy. We
feel now, in its full force, that the destiny of man
has ever been, and ever will be, to " earn his
bread by the sweat of his brow."
In this crisis, the conduct of the people, and
that of their rulers in Congress, presents a singular
contrast. The people everywhere, as with one
consent, are wisely and virtuously endeavoring to
retrieve their difficulties, bv practising temperance,
industry, and frugality. That such is their con-
duct, we know, not only fiom onr own observa-
tions, but from the accounts which the public press
bring to us from every quarter of the Union. Ttieir
rulers in Congress, on the other hand, deaf to the
lessons of past bitter experience, are still profanely
and wickedly persevering in that very system of
legislation which induced our present embarrass-
ments—squandering the public domain, contract-
ing a heavy national debt, chartering banks, in-
creasing taxation, and granting exclusive privileges
to the few^ at the expense of the many. They still
attempt to foster the delusive expectation that they
could, if not thwarted By the President, enact laws
that would pay everyoody's debts, and make eve-
rybody prosperous—for such is the meaning of
their promises of relief to the people, if these prom-
ises have any meaning at all. But when these
laws are proposed, we always find that their effect
would be to impose heavier burdens of taxation on
the farmer and laborer, in order to relieve the em-
barrassments or increase the wealth of banks,
stockjobbers, manufacturer , and other favorites of
Congress. They would lay heavier taxes on every
aiticie of dress which the farmer wears—on In?
salt, his lea, his sugar, his coffee, his iron, on
every utensil ia his kitchen, the furniture of
his hou&e, and on the implements of his farm,
and have him to believe that they were re-
lieving his pecuniary distress thereby. And,
whilst they imposed their heavy taxes, not on-
ly to support a spendthrift Government, but
also to support the wealthy sugar-planters, the
lordly owners of ralt-woiks and ot irot>-rnine¿, atd
the thousands of Notthern i< auufac uiers, thev
would fain persuade him that he would be qjite a' 
much benefited by pay rig these heavy tales a-
those wealthy gentry would be by íer-eiving thera
As a portion of the people entitled to liberty and
fqual rights with the rest of our fellow-citizens, we
feel it to be our duly solemnly to protest agaissi
this unjust, wicked, a&d partial legislation, wh eh
wouid Jet us move heavJy, and increase oit pecu-
niary <- mbarrassments, in order to pay the deb s,
or enhance the profits, of our tellow-cnizens living
in othir sections, or following other occupations.
Therefore, resolved, That the tariftact which has just been
passed by Congiess, Is decidedly disapproved of by us, be.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cause it proposes to increase the taxes, not only for the support
of the Government, but for the supportof the manufacturers and
other favored interests to boot.
2.  Resolved, That we well know that Government cannot
honestly aid us in paying our debts, except by lessening the
taxes; we therefore ask no aid of the Government.
3.  Resolved,  That industry, frugality, and economy can
alono create wealth, or relieve pecuniary distress; and that we .
can practise these virtues without authority or protection from
acts of Congress.
4.  Resolved, That Congress is doing all in its power to aggra-
vate and prolong the difficulties of the times, by fostering the
vain and delusive hope that tau>, and not labor, is the remedy
for the present evils.
5.  Resolved, Thataduty of20 per cent., andthecosts of im-
portation, are protection enough to manufactures.
6.  Resolved, That an hereditary nobility does not more con-
flict with liberty and equality of rights, than a privileged class,
more numerous and rapacious, and less respectable, consisting
of bankers, of owners of salt-works, iron-mines, and sugar-fields,
and of manufacturers.
7.  Resolved, That Government should be just, at least,
before it is generous; and not giveaway the public lands till it
has paid its debts. In our opinion, it cannot constitutionally
give them away.
8.  Resolved, That the veto power contained in the Federal
Constitution, is a wise and salutary check upon hasty or un-
constitutional legislation; and we warmly approve uf its use by
John Tyler, President of the United States
9.  Resolved, That copies of these proceedings be sent to out-
Representative, the Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, and to the Hon
.Tohn C. Calhoun, with the request that they lay them before
Congress, as our solemn protest and petition against the unjust
and partial legislation of which we herein complain.
10.  Resolved, That copies be also sent to the editois of the
Richmond Enquirer, Washington Globe, and Spectator, forpub-
lication.
And then, on motion, the meeting adjourned.
FRANCIS W. SCOTT, Chairman.
Georse Fitzhugh, Secretary.
Mr. STUART of Virginia, from the Committee
on Foreign Relations, introduced a bill to regulate
allowances for extra services rendered by secreta
ries of legation and consuls: which, after some re-
marks from Messrs. STUART, McKAY, and
CAVE JOHNSON, was, on the motion of the lat-
ter, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state or. the Union.
" On motion by Mr. SUMMERS, the bill for the
relief of William Willis, of Monioe county, Vir-
ginia, was taken up, and carried through the differ-
ent stages, aud passed.
Mr. WISE, fiom the Committee on Naval Af-
fair , reported back to the House the following
Senate bills, which had been referred to that com-
mittee:
The bill for the reorganization of the Navy De-
partment.
The bill to regulate the appointment and pay of
engineers of the navy, with amendments.
The bill concetning professors of mathematics
in the navy.
The bill providing for the establishment of a
school of instruction for the navy.
Tne bill to regulate enlistments in the army, na-
vy, and marine corps.
AH ol which were severally r'-ad twice, and re-
ft ned t.'i the Committee of ¡he Whole on the stats
ol the Union.
The bili from the Senate to regulate the pay of
pmsers and other officers of th« navy, was read
twic.% and re-fened to tho Committee on NavaL
Affairs.                                                                          •
The bill for tha ¡eluf <t Hezel.iah Cunning-
ham, with amr-iidiecnt'j of ihe House disagreed to
by the Senate, W'ts- ta!>cn up.
Mr. HOPKINS explained the merits of the bill,
and moved that the House recede from i's amend-
ment. ; which m >t:on was agtetd to.
The bill fiom the Sena'e to regulate the navy
ration, w<<s read twice, ¡iud referred to t£e Com
i.-iinee on Naval Aff*.r,5.
T-e bill for the rih't of Nathani'l Mitch.11 was
tide u up; and, ajeríeme remarks,
Mr. FE-SENDEN moved io p¡--t it on it-- p;s-
o\jpe.
Mr. TURNEY objected; when
Mr. FESSIíNDEiV m .ved -o ?iirp  d the rule.-;
which resulted—ayes 70, nets 20: no quoium To-
ting.
Mr. CO WEN siiil iher  tojs eeitaialy a quorum
preven'; snd pug«"sted a cad of tbo Urn-. 
Mr. BOWNE observed that the ques'ion was
not generally ii'i.lersloo I; and suggest, d that the
eentleman irom Maine should make another ex-
planation.
Mr. FESSENDEN again explained the me/its
of the bill; after which, the motion was carried, and   j
the bill put upon its passage, and passed.                    ¡
The bill from the Senate, to extend the time with-
in which certain railroad iron may be imported,
duty free, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana  moved to dis-    I
charge the Committee of the Whole from the fur-    j
ther consideration of the bill to confirm the sale of   !
certain public lands in certain cases, and gave a.    I
brief explanation of the merits and objects of the    '
bill.                                                                                      ]
Objection being made,                                                 !
Mr. THOMPSON moved to suspend the rules,    !
for the purpose of considering the bill; which mo-    !
tion prevailing,                                                                  i
The question was pot on discharging the Com-    '
mittee of the Whole from its further consideration,    ¡
and carried.
The bill then being before the  House, and the    ;
question pending on its engrossment,
Mr. CHAPMAN addressed the House for some
time in vindication of the bill, and against striking    >
out the second section.   So far from encouraging    <
fraud, he contended that the operation of this bill   [
would be to prevent it.                                                     |
Mr. MORGAN said there would be no objectioa    ¡
to the passage of this bill, should the second sec-    ¡
tírn be stricken out.   He inquired  whether the    ]
previous question, if ordered, would have the ef-   ¡
feet of cutting off the motion to strike out the sec-   |
ond section.                                                              ■     ,
Trie SPEAKER answered in the negative. The    j
previous question would bring the House to a di-   ■
rect vote upon the motion.                                               |
Mr. MORGAN then moved the previous ques-
tion; but the House refused to sustain the call.           ¡
Mr. A.   V.  BROWN opposed   the   motion  to    ¡
strike out the second section, and advocated the    ¡
passage of the bill.                                                            ,
Mr. EVERETT opposed the bill.                              j
Mr. MOORE offered a verbal amendment, which    ¡
wa° adopted.                                                                      ,
The question recurred upon the motion to strike   ¡
out the second section of the bill; and resulted in   ,
the affirmative—ayes 85, noes 46.                                  ,
Tne bill was then ordered to its engrossment, and    ¡
read a third time and passed.                                          !
On motion of Mr. OWSLEY, a resolution was    ,
adopted calling upon the Secre'ary of the Treasury
to stale whether, in his opinion, a reduction could   j
not be made  in the number of clerks in the Gen-    ,
eral Land Office; and, if so, bow many?
On motion of Mr. BARNARD,  the Committee    \
of the Whole on the state of the Union were dis-    j
charged from the fuiiher consideration of the bill   ¡
from the Senate entitled An act supplementary to    t
an act entitled "an act amending the judicial sys-   ¡
¡era of ¡he United Sta'es."   The bill was then read    ■
a third time, and  parsed,  (the  rules having been   \
suspended, in order to get it up be'ore the House.)    ,
Mr. REYNOLDS moved to discharge the Com-    j
mittee of the Whole from the fuilher consideration    ¡
of the bill for the relief of certain surviving officers    |
of the revolution, and that the same be made the    i
order of the day for Monday next, at  3 o'clock.    (
The motion was rejected.
REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON INDIAN    Í
AFFAIRS.
The  House resumed the consideraren of  the    J
report of the  Committee on Indian Affairs upon    i
the refusal of the Secretary of War to communi-    ¡
cate information  as  to the frauds alleged to have    J
bet-n committed  upon  ihe Cherokee   Indians, to-    s
gether with   the   following  condemnatory   resolu-    J
tior.scf the committee, arid the amendment offered    *
treret':                                                                                I
Resolved, That ihe House of Representatives has a right to    '
demand from the Executive such information 8s may be inhia    '
possession, relating to subjects of the deliberations of the House,     "
anil wi bin !he sphere ui ¡Is legitimate powers                             \
Resolved, That the reportsand facts called for by the House
of Itepresentaiives. by its resolution ot the 18th ultimo, related    '
to subject? of its dohm rations, and were within the sphere of    *
us legitimate powers, and should have been communicated.     '
Therefoie,                                                                              *
Resolved, Thai the President of the United States be re-    *
quested to cause to be communicated to this House "the several    ;
reports lately made to the Department" of War, bv Lieutenant    J
Colonel Hitchcock, relative to the aflairs of the Cherokee In-    J
dians, together with all information communicated by him con-     S
cerning the frauds ho was charged to investigate; aleo, all fast      I
