F
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            M3
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 16,1842.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition of John
A. Dickerson, praying compensation for duties
"performed by bim as a master of ordnance; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
/ Mr. WILLIAMS , from the Committee on Na-
Sral Affairs, asked that that committee be discharged
from the farther consideration of the pennon of
James O'Connor, on the subject of his improve-
ments in the application of steam. The motion
was agreed to.
Mr. BATES, from the Committpe on Pensions,
made adverse reports on the Hou=e bills for the
relief of George Sutherland, and the relief of
Susannah While; which were ordered to be printed
Mr. BATES, from the same committee, made
favorable reports on the House bill for the relief
of Frederick Perngo, and Senate bill for the relief
of Pamela Allen. The report in the latter case
was ordered to be printed.
Mr PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House bills for the re-
lief of Joseph Parker and David Freelove, report-
ed them back without amendment, and wiih a rec-
ommendation that they do pais.
Mr. P. also made an adverse report on the cla:m
of Mary Simmons; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ALLEN said he had given notice on yester-
day that he wohM to day renew the motion to take
up the resolution of the Senator ffom South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Preston,] proposirg to reimburse to
the treasury the money which may be hereafter ex-
pended for extinguishing Indian titles to land. He
perceived that that Senator was not now present,
and that the Senate was very thm; be would, there-
fore, not ca'l up the resolution at present.
House bil' enti led An act for the relief of the
Springfield Manufacturing Company was taken
tip, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. GR.1HAM explained that ihe bill involved
a claim for interest on money withheld from said
company long aftent was due, for the manufacture
of certain arm*.    He defended the claim.
Mr. BATES spoke at some length m favor of
the bill, and Messrs. WRIGHT and WOODBURY
opposed it.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and, the
question b mg on ordering the bill to be read a
third time,
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and najs,
which were ordered; and, the question being put,
it resulted—yeas 18, nays 16, as follow--
YEAS-Messrs Archer, Bate1', Choate, Clayton, Coman,
Crafts, Evans Harrington, Kerr Miller, Porter, Preston, Sim-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and
Wooabridge—18
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Kins, Linn, Smith of Connecticut, sturgeon. Tap-
pan, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16
The btll was then read the third time, and
passed—yeas 18, nays 16
Mr. EVANS moved to take up the House bill,
No. 539,) being
THE  CONTINGENT BILL.
The bill <lto legalize and make appropriations
for such necessary objects as have been usually
included in the general appropriation bill without
authority of law, and to hx and provide for cer-
tain inciden'al expenses of the departments aad
offices of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," was taken up—the question pendi-g be
mg on concurring with tn* commi'tee o' the
whole m the amendment; therein made and le-
ported to the Senate on Saturday last.                      !
Mr. SEVIER called for a division of theqnes- l
Uon, so as to except the amendment relatmsr to In- ¡
dian affairs, to which he wished to move an amend j
ment.                                                                        '
Mr. EVANS then asked the vole to be Uken i
first on the amendmeit in the second pafia, ¡e ,
ducing the salary of the new clerk to the Register l
of the Treasury from $1,600 to #1,300.                     i
Mr. PRESTON hoped the amendment would
not be concurred m.
Mr. WOODBURY <howed that th° duties of
'.he clerk here alluded to have been heretofore per-
formed for $1,000 per year. He also remarked on
ihe impropriety of appointing a junior clerk at a
higher salary than the elder clerks—some of whom
had been m office for twenty years.          -*
The question was ¡hen taken, and resulted—yeas
15, nays 13.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mf. EVANS next moved an amendment to the
amendment of ihe third page, m refi rence to watch
men, by which the salaries of those of the S'ate
Department were fixed at $400, and of the other
department a' $450; which was concurred in.
The next was to disagree to the amendment to
r appropnate the sum of $19 910 tor the removal
of the Choctaw Indians from ihe State of Missis-
sippi, which Mr. E said was unnecessary.
This amendment was, con equently, non-con-
curii-d in,
Mr. ARCHER observed that he had moved the
increase of $200 to the salary of the public gar-
dener under a misapprehens'on; and would now
retract, by moving ihat (he Sena'e nrn-concur in
that amendment.
M'. KING was sure the Senator from Virginia
was acting under some m^apprehensicn of charges
made agamet ihis individual, which had been re-
futed whenever they had been fairy and candidly
investigated. One of these charges was, that he
had created a dis'uibance at a Tippecanoe club
during the Presidential canvass This had been
refuted by a certificate from ihe cluo itself. Another
was, that he had made false charges on the pay-
roll. This had also been carefuhy investigated,
and it was found utterly groundless.
Mr. K. here stated the particulars, showing that
the charges made on the pay-roll, alluded to, were
for cart-hire or work actually done in tbc moit
economical manner for the public benefit. He
(Mr. K ) had scuunized these matte>s, aid ex-
amined the gardener himself minutely en the sub-
ject, and could assure the Senate that ha had be
come entirely satisfied there was not a scintilla of
ground for impeaching his conduct or character in
his capacity as a public servant. It was a matter
cpen to the inspection and conviction of every
member of Congress, that he did his duty, as pubbc
gardener, in the most satisfactory manner possible.
He was as worthy of his full salary now as ever.
That salary ($1,200) bad been cheerfully granted
to him for yea's back He would not suppose it
co'ild be thought necessary to cut it down Ui any
reason founded on his political opinions the true
question being, whether $1,000 tr $1,200 is the
proper compensation for his services. For years
back, Congress has decided that $1,200 is on'y a
suitable remuneration; and he knew of no just rea-
son why he alone should now be singled out for a
system of retrenenrnent not applied to any one else
m ¡he public employment. His salary in Phila-
delphia, before he <vas brougit here, was $1,500.
It was clear, then, that $1,200 was by no means a
h gh salary.
As 'o the number of laborers employed by him,
he (Mr. K.) Wis satisfied, from his own experi-
ence in employing h^nd* at homcu'tural operations,
that extraordinary economy had been exercised by
the gardener here in charge ot the pub ic gronn-'s
He pointed cut many respects in «hush great sa-
vings were effected by the judicious labor of the gar-
dener himself.
It was an unjust stigma on him to reduce h s
salarv, when those who have much more extrava-
gant salaries 'fun his are left Without any reduc-
tion.
Mr KERR was well 'a i«u>d that, if mch re-
duction o! sahry be made in this instance, as lo
comrel Mr. Maher to accept oí some other situa-
uon'at a better salarv, no one bs compete  t and
efficient esr> be obtained in Ins p'aee: and that the
beau iful shrubs and delightful srounds now tre
enjojment of rfs'de lis am1 admiration of strangers,
will very -predi!/ go 1" decry. It wou'd, m such
case, take more than fit tec ti years 1> lemsta'e them
in the same cmdilion whicu ih-v row present. He
believed there were not five gardeners in the United
States as competent as h  is to manage these pub-
lic grounds, and with so much satisfaction to e^ry
one.
Mr. EVANS thought th's entirely too inconsid-
erable a matter to waste so much time upon. He
would state one circumstance: it was only for the
I last three years the salary had been raised to
| $1,200 It had been $1,000 before that The in-
| crease was in consequence of the enlargement of
the public grounds. But the last incumbent of the
efhee hal had but $700. It was a matter for the
Señale to settle, and he hoped it would be clone
without further delay.
Mr. ARCHER observed that he had not been
influenced by any of those circums'ances alluded
to by the Senator from Alabama, in moving the
non-concurrence in his own amendment, but m
consequence of intormaiion he had received on
two points, which did not involve any question as
to Mr. Maher's political opinion , or integrity in
his office The information he had received was
I to the effect that, in addition to the propo«erl salary
of $1,000, his emoluments in the office of public
gardener make ample comp"nsation. He under-
stood he had the opportunity of charging cart-
hire for the use of his own dray and horse for
every day in the year, Sundays included-, and also,
that the grass cut from the public grounds was a
source of considerable emolument. These things,
in addition to his salary, he thought quite sufficient;
and, therefore,, he now would revoke his amend-
ment to add $200 to his salary. He had not urged
any charges against Mr Maher He adrri'tted that
he did his duty satisfactorily, and that the state of
perfection in which the public grounds were kept,
was highly creditable. Neither had he any impeach-
ment to urge of his integrity; but he hoped, for the
reasons ho had assigned, the amendment would not
be concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed, that it appeared
to him this was an appropriation of the usual sala-
ry of one of our working people. It was agreed
on all hands that the duty for the public was well
and satisfactorily performed. He hoped, there-
fore, no reduction in his case alone would be made:
let him hare the salary at which his services hith-
erto had been estimated.
The amendment (reinstating ihesalary of $1,200)
was then csneurred in.
All the other amendments adopted by the com-
mittee were concurred in.
Mr. SEVIER moved his amendment again m
a general form, which would admit of the claim
of John Dillon of Arkansas, lo an extent not ex-
ceed ng $2,100, being settled, when audited among
claims to be paid under one of the new appropria-
tions of the Senate affixed to this bill, viz: that "for
compensation lo two commissioners to examine
claims under the treaty with the Cherokee* of 1835,
and pay of secretary, and provisions for Indians
during the session of tue board, and for contingent
ejpense«t, $13,500 "
Mr EVANS, while admitting the apparent just-
ness of the claim, opposed its introduction in th's
bill, on the ground that it ought to go before the
Committee on Claims for examination.
Mr. SEVIER contended that it had been ex-
amined and allowed by the proper department al-
ready.
Me-srs. BERRIEN and CRITTENDEN thought
it wat reasonable topdinit the amendment in the
general form proposed, as it left the claim subject
io be audited by the proper officer.
Alter some discussion on the subject, (in which
Mews. SEVIER, CRITTENDEN, BERRIEN,
and WOODBURY further supported the amend-
ment, and Mr EVANS oppo ed it,) the yeas and
najs were called fur, and resulted m itsadoption—
yeas 82, nays 9.
TV lemaimng additional appropriations were
also adopted.
Mr. EVANS moved sundry unimportant amend-
ments, which Tice adopted.
On Mr. rRESTON'S motion, which underwent
seine debate, t.ie votp on the amen'merit reducing
the salary of the new cleik for Ihe office of the
Register of ihe Treasury from $1,600 to $1 200,
tvps reconsidered, and the «al?ry wa  fixed at
$1,400
Oi E4r, BAYARD'S motion, an amendment for
an additional appropna'ion of $12,000 for rebuild-
ing ihe badge over the Tiber creek, on Pennsylva-
nia avenue, was adopted.
Toe Senate then resumed the consideration,as in
committee of the whole, ef the House bill for the
