dent Harrison, an addition of at least fifteen mil-
lions to the enormous deficit already existing in the
treasury at the close of the last Administration, is
now charged upon the prevailing party in Con-
gress, by those who had made it ihs law, while the
exercise of the veto power alone disabled the Legis-
lature itself from the power of applying the onlv
remedy which it was within the competency of
legislation itself to provjde.
The great purpose for which the special snssion
of Congress had been called was thus defeated by
the exercise of the veto power. At the meeting of
Congress, at ihe regular annual session, the majori-
ties of both House--, not yielding to the discourage-
ment of disappointed hopes and baffled energies,
undertook the task of raisii g, by impost duties, a
revenue adequate to the necessities of the treas-
ury, and to the fulfilment of the national obliga-
tions.
By the assidu- m and unremitting labors of the
committees of both Houses charged with the du-
ties of providing for" the necessities of the reve-
nue, and for the great manufacturing m erest of
the Northern, Central, and Western States, which
must be so deeply affected by any adjustment
of a tariff to raise exclusively a revenue adequate
to the necessary expenses of the Government from
duties on imports, a tariff bill, believed to be
nearly, if not wholly, sufficient for that purpose,
was elaborated and pmply discussed, through a
long series of weeks, in both branches of the Legisla-
ture. The process of gestation, through which
alone such a complicated system could be organ-
ized, necessarily consumed many months of time;
nor were the committees or the House exempted
from sever* reproach, which the purchased presses
of the Executive Chief are even yet cas ing upon
Congress, wuhout rebuke or restraint from him.
The delays were occasioned by the patient and un-
wearied investigation of the whole subject by the
appropriate committees. As the period approached
when the so-called compromise tariff was to be
consummated, leaving the Government without
any revenue tariff sanctioned by the law, the pru-
dence of Congress, wuhout precipitating their de
cisión upon the permanent system which they
fondly hoped to establish, provided and sent to the
President a temporary expedient, limned in its op-
eration to the space of one month; during which,
to avoid, as they thoughr, the possibility of a col-
lision with the apprehended antipathies of the Pres-
ident, they had suspended for the same month the
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of public
lands; which, by a previous law, was 'o lake effect
the day after the expiration of the compromise
Not only was this most conciliatory measure con-
temptuously rejee'ed, but, in to'al disregard of the
avowed opinions of his own Secretary oí the Treas-
ury, concurring with «hose nearly unanimous of ail
the most eminent lawvers of the land, in solitary
reliance upon the hesitating opin-on of the Attor-
ney General, he has uniettaken not only to levy
taxes to the amount of millions upon toe people,
but to prescribe regulations for its collection, and
for ascertaining the value of imported merchan-
dise, which the law bad, jn express terms, reserved
for the legislative action of Congress.
And now, to crown this system of continual and
unrelenting exercse of executive legislation by
the alternate gross abuss of constituiicnal power,
and bold assumption of powers never vened m
him by any law, we come to the veto message re-
ferred by the House to th's committee
A comparative review of the f >ur several vetoes
which, in the eour e of fifteen months, have sus-
pended ihe legislation of this Union, combined wit'i
that amphibious proauct.on, the refsons for ap-
proving and signing a bill, and at the same ti'ii
striking, by judicial construction, at l's mest im-
portant enactment, i liutrated by contemporaneous
effusions of temper a" 1 of senfment d'vulged at
convivial festivals, and obtruded up^n the publ c
eye by the fatal friendship of --ycophant p- vate
correspondents, and stripped to lis naked natu-e
by the repeated and daring assumption both of le-
gislative and of judicial poaer, vould present
anomalies of character and conduct rarely se n
upon earth Such an investigation, though sine -
ly within the scope of the instructions embraced in
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the reference to ibis committee, would require a
voluminous report, which the scantiness of time
will not allow, and which may not be necessary for
maturing the judgment of the House upon the doc-
ument now before them.
The reasons a signed by the President for re-
turning to tbe House of Representatives, wiih his
objections, ihe bill to provide revenue from im-
port, and to change and modify existing laws Im-
posing du íes, and for other purposes, are preceded
by a brief dissertation upon the painful sensations
k mch any individual invested with the veto power
must feet in exercising it upon important ac's
of the Legislature The paragraph is woroed
with extreme caution, and with obvious in-
tent to avoid the a^ertton, made in such broad
and unqua'ified terms in the letter read at the
Philadelphia Independence day dinner party, ihal
Congress can enact no law without the concur-
rence or, th> Exacu'ive. There is in this papera
s udious effort to save any indmlual from the im-
putation of asserting the unqualided independence
of the Executive upon tbe Legislature, and the
impotence ct Congress to enact any law without
him. That assertion made in so explicit and un-
qualified terms in the PhiladelDhia letter, is here
virtually disclaimed and disavowed The exer-
cise of tome independence of judsment, m regard
to all acts of legislaren, by any individual invested
with the veto power, is here curtailed and nar-
rowed down to ihe mere privilege of not yielding
his well-considered, most deeply fixed, and re-
peatedly dec'ared opinions on matters of gieat
public concernment, to these of a co ordin&te de-
partment, without requesting that department se-
riously to re-examine the subject of th ir differ-
ence. The co-ordinate department to the Legisla
ture is no longer the co-ordinate branch  f the
Legisla'uie The power of Congress to enact a
law without the co-opera'ion of any individual
Executive, is conceded—not merely by unavoidable
inference; for the closing parasnph oí the mes-
sage, recurring again to ihe same troublesome re-
miniscence, observes that, after all, the effect of
what be does is substantially to cad on Congress
i to reconsider the subject. Ii, on such recons cie.a-
tion, a majcuity ot two-thirds of both Houses
shou'd be in favor of this measure, it will become
a law, notwithstanding his objec'ions. Thetruism
of this remark may, perhaps, be accounted for by
the surmise that it was a new discovery, made
since the writing of Ihe Philadelphia dinner-party
letter; and the mo lest presumption ascribed to the
Constiiution, that ihe Exccu'rve can commit no
error of opinion unless two thirds of boid branches
of ihe Legislature are in conflict with him, is tem-
pered by the arr.iab'e assuiance that, ¡a tint eveV,
he will cheerfully acquiesce in a result wh eh
wou'd be precisely the same whether he should ac-
quiesc" in it or not. The aptitt.de of this hypo-
thetical pwion may bo cslijia'ed by the ca'cula-
lon of the chanceo that the co t ngency which it
supposes is Within the verge cf pi sibi'Uy.
The reasons assigned bv the President for his
objectums to ih s bill are further preced-d by a nar-
rative of hij antecedent opiuons i>ni communica-
tions on ti e subject of d stinuttng the proeecd^ of
the sales ot the public lards. He aomits ha', at
the opening oí tie extra ses^ior, h ' recommenced
such a dis notation, but he aveis that this recom-
mendation was espiess'y coupled with ihscondi ¡on
that the du íes on ¡ri>por'5 ihouki not exceed the
raieef twenty pe* cent, pjovided by the com-
¡.romi e act of 1833.
Who ccukt imagine that, after fb'i mo t im-
pha ic covplme: of 'he revci ue iVa ou'ies el ím-
oost, with re/enue from the pioce^ is of 'he saleo
of lb' pulnic Ian 's the Cr t and pa-anount objec
lion of the Pres den to ¡ins bill shou'i be, that it
unites two subject^ wh'th, s f?r from having ai y
afLnity to one ano her, ?re v-hohy incongruous m
ther char-cler , un Ui two ^ubjetisare identically
income with fho-.ewri''  Ae had c uplcdtog ther n
hisreconjHiPiidation toCen;re-sa ihecxtrasess on?
It theie was no affinity between the parties, wr>y ¿id
he join them toge heij if the union was i'!egiti
mate, tho was tbe administering pnest of the 'in.
hallowed rites-? It is objected 'o this bi l, that it is
both a revenue and an appropriation bill'   Wha
895
then? Is not the act of September 4, 1841, ap-
proved and signed by the President himself, both a
revenue and an appropriation bill? Does it not
enact that, m the event of an insufficiency of im-
post duties, not exceeding twenty per centum ad
valorem, to defray the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment, the proceeds of the .«ales of th  lands
shall be levied as part of the same revenue, and
appropriated to the snoie purposes? The ap-
propriation of the proceeds of- the sales of
the pub'ic lands, to defray the ordinary ex-
penditures of the Government, is believed to
be a system of fi'cal management unwise,
impolitic,   improvident,   and   unju t;   and it is
j   prec  ely for that leason that the bill now before
the Htiuse provides that they shad not be so appro-     0
priated.   The public >ands are the noble and inap-
preciable inheritance of the whole nation.    The
I   sie of them to individuals is not a  tax  upon the
' purchaser, but an exchange of equivalents, scarce-
ly more burdensome to ihe grantee than if he
should receive it as a gratuitous donat.on. To ap-
propriate the proceeds of the sales to defray the or-
dinary expenses of Ihe Government, is to waste
and destroy the property. This property is held
by Congress in nust. Mr. Tyler speaks of the
distribution as if it was givin? away tbe property.
It is precisely the reverse. It is restoring it to the
owner To appropria e tbe proceeds t  defray the
current expenditures, is to give it up to dilapida-
tion and waste. It is, m po'itical economy, pre-
cisely the same as if an individual landholder
should sell off, year after year, parcels of his es-
tate, and con ume its proceeds m the payment of
his household expenses The first principle of po-
litical economy necessary for a nation is to raise,
by taxation, within the year, th« whole sum re-
quired for the expenditures of that year. Every
departure from th's principle is a s'ep in ihe path
of national bankruptcy and ruin. The daily de-
mands of the treasury must be supplied by the in-
come derived from taxation by the year, and not
by (he dissipalion of the common property.
The second reason of the President for objecting
to ihe passage of ihis nil1, is not mere, ponderous
tnan the fits'. It is the destitute and [embarrassed
state ot the treasury, and the impolicy, if not un-
constitutionality, oí giving away a fruitful source
of revenue, which, if retained, may be seized by
the Government, and appued to meet its daily
wants. But in  President had just told us that
tb s fruitful source of revenue was a subject wholly
dissimilar in Hs character from that of revenue
raioed by duties of impost—so dissimilar, that Ihe
union of them formed in bin mind an insurmounta-
ble objection to die passage of the bill. "I most
respectful y submit (says Ihe message) whether
this is a time togtue sway tae proceeds of the land
sales, when the public lands constitute a fund
which, o' £'1 others, may be made most useful in
su taiturg he public credit." And how could it
be made thus useful' Precisely by giving them
away. By givma them away forever' For, if the
principle be once established, that the proceeds of
tre salts oí ihe public lando shall be substituted in
thrpiace oí revenue, by ía «fon, to defray ¡h<? or-
! d>nary annua! expenses of the National Govern-
ment never more will tae people of any S ate m
this Union have the benefit ot one d liar from this
l'chest oí mi"Eoof irexhaustible wealth, b*stowed
upon tnem by ibur bountifi'l Creator, for the im-
p ovement o their own Cind tion, but gw;n away
—y-i, to the .ast cent, gitwi aw,y forever—toptm-
pertie rrtklesi. e^travigarce cf a Government
foiever pieachtrg retrenc'•ne'-t and economy,
a->d nreverne2pmg nnl'ion upin rml'ion of anuu-
?1 exptnditu**.-,' to si  kle armies and dry-nurse
thMai ü."
Tnr committee submit to the H us- 'heir uohes-
íiü ing opii .on, tiat tbe an^r pria'io > oí any psrt
o* Ihe proceeds jf ihe <ai'S ot tbe pull c lands to
the ord nary annual expenduu'es wou'd be the
o iy efieetu.il and lrreuievable giwrc; away of that
gte.it and ines unable mtien arce of the American
peí, 1c, ibat, it once that growing and inoxhaust-
lb e fund sha!l be doomed to form ihe whole or
any part of ihe wns and means for t'ie annual esti-
ma s of Ihe receipts and expenditures ef the Na-
tional Government, ihe people may bid farewell—a
