$m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
long farewell—to every hops of ever receiving a
dollar's useful improvement from that gift of God
to them, thus cruelly and perfidiously wrested from
their hands
Nineteen of the Stales of this Union, in the ar-
dent—perhaps, in some cases, inconsiderately ar
dent—pursuit of this improvement of their own
condition, have become involved—some of Inem
heavily involved—in debt. The greatest portion of
this debt has been contracted for the accomplish-
ment of stupendous works to expedite and facili-
tate the intereour e of travel and of trade between
the remotest extremes of this great Republic,
swarming, from year to year, with redoubling mil-
lions of population It is no exaggerated estimate
of the value of these works to say that, the saving
of time, of labor, and of exptnse, 10 individual
citizens of the Union, enjoying ¡he benefit of these
public works, more than repay, in every single
year, the whole cost ol their construction
But, while these immense benefits have been
thus secured to the people, as a commun'ty of in-
dividuals, th* Stales which authorized them have
contracted a burden of liabilities heavier than they
are able to bear. They need the a^si'-tance of a
friendly and powerful hand, and where should they
find it but in the sympatb.es of the National Gov-
ernment?—in their fide'ity to the trust commuted
to their charge in this immense and a'most bound-
less public domain? The application of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands to alleviate the burden of
theie debts pressing upon the people of almost all
the States, is, if not the only, the most unexcep-
tionable mode of extending the migMy arm of the
Union to relieve the people of the States from the
pressure of the burden bearing upon them—a re-
lief consisting only of the distribution ameng them
of their own property—a relief furnishing them the
means of paying to tae United States themselves
no inconsiderable portion of the deb's due from the
States to them, so that, by one and the same op-
eration, the people of the State? will be relieved
from the intolerable pressure of their debt, and the
common treasury of the Union will receive back
in payment of debt no small part cf the same sum's
allotted to the States as, their respective portions of
the distribution.
The committee regret (hat the shortness of the
time which they have alluwd themselves for the
preparation of this report constrains them to pass
over numerous other considerations, amounting to
the clearest demonstration that th  distribution
among the Slates of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands will be infinitely more conducive to
the ends of justice, and to thp relief of the people
from their embarrassments, than the devotion of
the same funds to be -,v allowed up in the msaiii e
gulf of the ord'nary annual expenses of the Fed-
eral Government, to perish, in the usmg, like the
Bine millions of the fouith instalment promised to
the States, the seven or e.ght millions of slock m
the Bank of the United S ates, and th* five or six
millions of Indian trust and navy pens on funds—
all sunk, during the "Van Buren Admimstiation,
without leaving a n reck behind.
This review of the reasons cf th" President for
objecting to the pas age of the Lili might be ex-
tended far r ore into detail, and ail leading to the
conclusion that they are fceolt, mconsisten , and
unsatisfactory. It remains on'y for the Hou-,e to
take, by yeas and nays, the question upon the fin 1
passage of tbe bill, and as tbe majonty of the ce m
mittee cannot indulge, eien bypothetically, the ab-
surd hope of a majority ei her m tris or the other
House of Corgress competent 'o .he em-clrncnt í
the bill into a ¡aw, i,ey leave the House le de er-
mine what further measure lhny may deem neces-
sary and practicable, by the legislative authority,
in the present calami ous condition or toe coun ry
They perceive that the whole lf°^ianve pov er
of the Union has bren, fcr the last fifteen rnon'hs,
with regard to the act on of Congreso upon m *s
ures of vital importance, m a s a>e of su,pended
animation, strangled by the five nines repeated
stricture of the executive cord. The) observe that,
under these unexaiip'eet obstructions to the exer
ei&e of their high and legitimate dufes, they have
hitherto preserved the most respectful forbearance
towards the executive chief; that while he has,
time after time, annulled, by the mere act of hi 
will, th ir commission from tbe people to enact
laws for the common welfare, they have forborne
even the exnression of their resentment for these
multiplied insul's and injuria They believed
they had a high destiny to fnlfil, by administering
to the people, in the form of law, remedies for the
sufferings which they had too long endured. The
will of one man has frustrated all their labors, and
prostrated all their powers The majority of the
committee believe that ¡he case has occurred, in the
annals of our Union, contemplated by th* founders
of the Constitution by tbe grant to the House of
Represen'atives of the power to impeach the Pres-
ident of the United States, but they are aware that
the resort to that expedient might m the present
condition of public affairs, prove sboruve. They
see that the irreconc.lable difference of opinion and
of action between the legis'ative and executive de-
partments of the Government is but sympathetic
with tbe same discordant views and feel ngs among
the people. To them a'one the final l-sue of the
struggle must be left In the sorrow and mortifi-
cation under the failure of all their labors to redeem
the honor and prosperity of their country, it is a
cheering conso'ation to them that the termination
of their own tfficial existence is at hand, that they
are even now about to return to receive the sen-
tence of their constituents upon themselves, that
the legislative power of the Union, crippled and
disabled as it may now be, is about to pass, reno-
vated and revivified by the will of the people, into
other hands, upon whom will devolve tbe task of
providing that remedy for tne public distempers
which their own honest and agon'zuig energ es
have m vain endeavored to supply.
The power of the present Congress to eDact laws
essential to the we'fare of tbe people Lps been
struck with apoplexy by the Executive hand. Sub
mission to his will, is th" en y condition upon
which he will petmit them to act For the enact
ment ot a measure earnestly recommended by
himself, he forbids their action, unless couvled with
a condition declared by h m^elf to be oa a subject
so totally different that he will not «uffei them to
be coup'ed m the *ame law Wi'h that condition,
Congress cannot comply. In this sta e < f things,
ha has assumed, as the committee fully believe,
the exciciie of the whole legislative power to h m
self, and is levying millions of money upon ihe
people, without any aitborit* of law Bu< tbe
final decision of this question deperd1- neither upon
legislative nor executive, but upon judicial au
thority, nor can the final decision of the Supreme
Court upon i' be pronounced before the close of tbe
present Congress In the mean time, the abusive
exercise of the constitulion?l power of thp Presi-
dent to airest the action of Congress upon meas-
ures vita! to the «elf are ot the people, has wn ught
cenvic'ton upon the minds of a majonty of the
CGirnnttpe, that the veto newer íf-elf tru^t be ¡e-
stramed and snodified by nn amendment of tne
Consiim'ton i se'f: a lesolutio'i fcr v h ch they ac-
cordingly herewith re->pee'lu ly report
JOHN Q.UINCY ADAMS.
JOHN M   ¡30TTS.
JAMES COOPFR
K   RAYNER
THOMAS J  CAMPBELL
TRUMAN SMITH
F  GRANGER
H   S LANE-
JEREMIAH IVORROW.
J   A   PEARCE
Resolved by the Senate and House ofRepreseria'wes
of Ihe United States of A ntrica in Congress assembled
(lwo-tfurds tfbolh Houses concurring therein ) That
ihe fo'lrn.ir^a-nendmcnt cf the Cons'i ution of tbe
Uniiea States, m the 'even i *ec vn of tbe fi'-t ar-
t ele, be recomí .ende;cl to the Leg s]a ures of the
several Sirtes, wni'-b., on (he adoption of the sai e
by thrte-fourtbs of the s^id Legislatures, shall be-
come par,, rnd parcel of the Co^titmior
Ins ead of the words "two-ih rds," twice repeated
in the second paragraph of the said seventh sec-
tion, substitute, in both cases, the words "a m?jor-
ity of the whole number,"
Mr GILMER rose to present a report from a mi-
nority of the committee.
Mr. ADAMS was understood to inquire whetb.
er reports were made by the minority of the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr PROFFir rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Virginia had the floor, and he ob-
jected, therefore, to any motion from the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman ftom
Massachusetts had the floor.
Objections were made by several gentlemen,
who alleged that the gentlem?n from Virginia
[Mr Gilmer] had been recognised by the Chair.
Mr ADAMS, however, proceeded ; and moved
that the three reports be printed ; and that the reso-
lution which he had reported from fie majority of
the committee be made the special order for to-
morrow at 12 o'clock,
Mr RAYNER moved the previous question.
[Murmurs of dissa'isfaction J
Mr. W. C JOHNSON rose to a question of or-
der, which was, that, according to the Constitution,
the fir*t rnatler which the House would have to
dispose of wou d be the bill sow on the table, and,
therefore, he submitted that Ihe motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] was not
morder, and ought not to have precedence over the
bill itself
The SPEAKER explained that he had not de-
cided the motion to be carried, but as merely be-
fore the House.
Mr GILMER (who still retained the floor) was
loudly called upon to read his report, and he ac-
cordingly read the following:
PROTEST   AND    COUNTER    REPORT   OF
THOMAS W. GILMER.
One of ihe  minority of the  Select   Committee on the
objections of ihe  P¡ esident to a bill to provide rev-
enue, Sfc.
The undersigned, a member of the select com-
mittee to whom the objections of the President to
the bill entitled "A bill to provide revenue from
imports, and to change and modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses," were referred, being unable to concur in
the views of the rr-aj nty of the committee,
wou'd assign some of tbe reasens which have in-
fluenced him in coming to a different conclusion.
He cannot refrain from inquiring for what pur-
posts this committee has been raised, and protest-
ing ?gamst the unprecedented and extraordinary
course Kbich a majority of the House of Rep-
re^enta'ives have determined to pursue on this oc-
casion—a course certainly opposed to all the estab-
hsbel usages of our Government; and, as the un-
dersigned believes, in corflict wiih the provisions
of the Consutu ion The language of ihe Con-
stitution i ps foPows "Every b 11 which shall have
passed thp Hoa^e of Repre=ertatives and thp Señ-
al  shall, b fore it becomes a law, be pie^enied
to th  President of the Uiited States, if he -pprove,
he shall sign it, but, if roí, he shall return it,
with h's objections, to th t House in which it shall
have or gmated, who shall enter the objections at
large on 'heir journal, and p'oceed to reconsider
■ t. If, after such reconsideration, two-thirds of
that House sha 1 agree to pass the bill, it shall be
sent, together with the objections, to the other
House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered;
and it approved by two-thirds of that House, it
sbill become a law "
The bill in question, having passed both House ,
«as sent to the President, by whom it was re-
turned to the House of Representatives, where It
originated Instcsd of proceeding (as the Consti-
tution directs) "to reconsider it," the bill is laid on
the table, and the President's obj^c ions «re ¡eferred
ic a se'ect committee. In trdma^y parliamentary
pioctedmgs, where a D íl has parsed either House
of Congress, and a rrction is made to reconsider
ihe sane, pending such motion, the bill itself (hav-
ing once passec") is not before that House for any
«en ral purpose, fnd can on'y be brought again
■"íibir tie poner oí thp House by a reconsideration
of the vote on its passage A mo'ion, therefore, to
commit, to postpone, or to lay such bill on the ta«
