f04
cob, faction of war steamers, &c, and appropri-
ating $2,000 for the purpose.
Messrs. TAPPAN and WALKER opposed the
motion; the latter Senator urging that, if any sur-
vey was to be made for the purpose indicated, on
any portion of the Mississippi river, it should be
general. He was prepared to show that Vicks-
burg was the best harbor on the river, and a much
more appropriate place foi a depot than Memphis,
Tennessee, whose harbor was so miserably bad
that it was seriously in contemplation of laying off
a new town, two miles below it, on the river.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he had been induced
to offer the amendment at the suggestion of a mem-
ber of the other House; but he was not disponed to
go into a discussion of the relative merits of Mem-
phis and Vicksburg. He hoped the question would
ie taken.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider, and determined in the negative—thers
being but 8 votes in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. RIVES, the Senate then went
into the consideration of executive business, and,
after some time spent thereon, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, August 17, J 842.
Mr. McKENNAN asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion ; and said that, if any objection should be
made, he would move a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BOTTS rose to a privileged motion. He
gave notice that he should, at a proper time, ask
for a reconsideration oi the vote on the bill for the
reorganization of the army. His object was to
change the provision in relation to superintendents
of the armories.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON insisted that, if the mo-
tion was received, it should be considered at once.
Mr MoKEiNNAN robe and claimed the floorto
offer hu resolution.
The SPEAKER, m reply to Mr. Cave Johnson,
said that the motion for reconsideration was not
entered, and that the gentleman shoald have no-
tice when it was. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania being entitled to the floor,
Mr McKENNAN submitted the following res-
olution :
BesolveU, That it is expedient to pass another revenue bill,
the same as iliat which, recently passed both Houses of Con
gress and has been returned by the President, with his obji-c
ticms, to this House, entitled "An act to provide revenue from
imports and tochangeand modify existing laws imposing du
ties on impoiti an 1 tor other purposes," with the exception of
the 27th section oi said bill, which repeals the proviso to tht
landdistiibimon act, and so modified as to mike tea and coffee
imported m American vessels, free from duty f and that the
Oommutee of Ways and Means be ind tht y aie heiehy n,
stuicted to import such a bill to this House with all convenient
«teinatah
Mr. BOTTS moved a call of the House, which
motion prevailing, tne roll was called, and resulted
in lt>7 memb is answering to their names.
The ¿bsentec* were then called, and it appeared
that 192 memb-rs were present.
Mr. PROFFIT moved to suspend further pro-
ceeding's undei the call   rejected.
Tbe i flicd •> vere directed to close the doors, and
the roll being again cal'ed, several excuses were
made «¡nd acte^' ->d.
On motion by for FILLMORE, all further pro-
ceeding  usidc- ihe call were dispensed with, and
the doers were <p red.
Mr McKC^IIAN inquned if there was any
obje"iicn lo h s re olu ion
Objeción  h' viug be°n made.
Mi McKENKAN moved a suspension of the
lu'es
Mr. WFE jbse'vej that, if the gentleman would
modify his re-o'ution, so as to provide simply for
bringing in a ldvtnue bil1, there wou'd be no ob-
jections
Mr. McKENN&N declined any modification of
his motion
Mi PROFFIT "sked lo be excused from voting.
Mi IvaORGAN moved the previous question.
[LaughL,.]
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina wished to
know, before the question t n suspending the rules
was taken, whether the resolution was. susceptible
ef division, so as to take it first on that part de-
claring it expedient to bring m a avenue bill, and
stop their.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER said that the question was pre-
mature. He could not undertake to say what
would be in order, till the rules were suspended.
Mr. WISE inquired of the Chair whether the
resolution, if let in, would be susceptible of amend-
ment.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN made a similar in-
quiry*
The CHAIR said, if the previous question should
be called and carried, it would cut off all amend-
ments.
Mr. PROFFiT asked a question of Chair, which
the loud and repeated calls to order by different
members prevented the reporter from hearing.
Mr. GRANGER protested against these inter-
ruptions.
Mr. PROFFIT said the gentleman from New
York was not the Speaker He was asking the
Speaker a question, and if he decided against him,
he.would be contení; but he would not be put down
by the gentleman from New York
Loud cries of "order—order "
Mr. GRANGER insisted on the rules being ob-
served The gentleman had no right to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair
Mr. PROFFIT replied, and, amid loud and re-
peated calls to ordei, and the rappings of the
Speaker'  mallet, was only heard to say that ' he
would teach the gentleman he was not Speaker be-
fore the day was ovtr ''
The yeas and nays were then called, and result-
ed m yeas 108, nays 85—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, SheilockJ Andiews Appleton, Ay
cugg, Babceck, Biker, Barnard, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Birden, Bowne, Biew3tei, Brockway, Chas
Brown, Jeiemiah Brown, Bmnell Calhoun Childs, Chuten
den John C Clark, Clinton, James Coopei, Cowen Cranston,
Cross, Cushmg, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, "Doig, lohn
Edwards, Eveiett, Pessend-'n, Filhnoie, Tohn G Tioyd Gld
dmgs PatnckG Goode Gordon, danger, Gustine Hall Hal
sted, Hays, Houck, Howard, Hudson, Charles 1 Ingersoll, J
R lngeiaoll James Ii vm, Wm W Irwin, James, Keim, An
drew Kennedy, R< bert McClellan McKennan T F Marshall,
& Mason, Mathiot Mattock* Maxwell, Maynaid, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan Moiris ftJonow Newhard, Osboine Paimen
ter, Pendleton, Pope Powell Proffit, Ramsey, Benj Randall,
Randolph, Read, Reding, Rdgway, Riggs, Rodney, William
Russell, James M Russell, toaltonstal!, Sanford, Sheppeid,
blade, Ttuman Smith, Snyder, Stratum, Atexander H H
~>tuait JohuT S,tuai t, 1 lllmghast, Tolan I, Tomlinson Trum
bull, Van Buret , Van Rennselaet, Wallace, Ward, Welier,
I D White, Thomas W Williams, Jos L Williams, Wm,
Yoike, and A Young—108
NAY&—Messrs Adams Lanlaff W Andrews Arnold,
Arnngton, Athertos, Barton, Black, Botts, Boyd, Milton
Brown, Burke, Wm O Butler, Green W Caldwell, V C
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Thomas J
Campbell, Caruthers, Caty Casey, Chapman, Clifford Coles,
Malk A Cooper, Cravens, Daniel, Debeny, Egbert, A L Tos
tei, Gamble, Gentry Giggin, William O Goode Gieen Gwm,
Hahershun Hams Holmes, Hopkins Houston,Hubard, Hun
tu, William Cost Tohnson, Cave lohnson John W Jonts
John P Kennedy, Kins, lane, Linn, Littlefi 1J, \biaham
McClellan McKay McKeon, Mallory, John Thomson Ma
son, Melill, Owelty, Payne A Randall, Rayner, Reynolds,
Rhe't, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders, Stiaw, William Smith,
fullers, c-pngg, Steenrod, Summers Sumter Tahafeiro
JjhnB Thompson Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tnplett, Turney, VVanen Wash'ogton, Walterson, loseph h
White, C H Williams, and Woou— 85
Mr HAYS said he voted m the affirmative, in
the expectation that the resolution would be di-
vided.
The rules not having been suspended, as there
was not a vote of two-thirds—
Mr C BROWN asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution
Rps Ived That thellnu&e forthwith go into Committte of
the Whole on the   ate of the "Union, for the pul f ose of conoid
ei ing bill ¡NO a47 viz   t bill to sup| ly a tempt >-diy defect oi
¡allure m the law   ltda i 0 10 the collection ofdutieson impair 
an 1   f so amenjin^ said bill as o ptovioe such a taut! ofd
Mes on articles im¡ottpj firm loreign countnes as will i
quately suf ply all dehciencies m the íevenues of the Govern
merto meet the (roncjrricil expenditures andailotbei proper
demands upon the tteasury, and that «aid bill sha' take piece
dence of all other business until h shall be finally disposed of     L
Mr. GRANGER objected.
Mr C. BROWN n oved a suspension of the
rules, in order to enable him to offer the resolution.
This motion was decided in the negative—yeas  113,
nays 81, (not two-thirds,) as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Arnngton, Atheiton, Baker Barton Beeson,
Bidlack Black, Borden, B \ nc Boyd Biewster, Aaion V
Brown Charles Brown Burke, William O Butiei, Green W
Caldwell Patrick C Ca'd veil John Campbell, Cary, Chap
man, Cliffoid, Clinton Coles Colquitt, Mark A Coopei, Cowen,
^ranston, Cross dishing TUnJ Richard D Davis, Dean,
Doan, Dm , John C Edward  Egber', Everett, Tohn G Floyd,
Gamb'e, Geny, Gilmer, Patrick G Goode, William O Goode,
Gordon, Gustine Gwm, Haheisham, Hall, HaKted, Harris,
Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston Hubard,
Hudson Huntet, ( harles I Ingersoll, James Irvm, William W
Irwin, Cave Tohnson, John W, Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy,
J*
i
_,lm_____________^      |
Littlefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay,      1
McKennan, McKeon, Mallory, Thomas F Marshall, John T.-,     m
Mason, Mathews Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Morris,      f
Newhard, Osborne, Parmenter, Payne, Plumer, Pope, Proffit,      M
Read Reding, Reynolds Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, San-      W
ford, Saunders, Shaw, fehepperd, Shields, Slide, Wm   Smith,      a
SnydeijSpueg, Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,      ft
Tilhuahast, Tomhnson, Trumbull, Turney, Van Buren, Wal-      8
lace Ward, Watteison, Welier, Thomas. W Williams, James      1
W Williams, Joseph Í. Williams, Wise, Wood, and Augustus      E
Voting—Hi                                                                             1
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, T andaff W Andrews, Sher.      •
lock I Andrews, Appleton, Arnold, ^ycugg Babsock,Barnard,      |
Bndseye, Blair, Boaidman, Botis, Bu ckway, Milton Brown,      f
Jeremiah Biown   Burn 11, Calhoun, William  B   Campbell,      g
Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Childs Chittenden,      f
John C Clark, James Cooper, Cravens, Garrett Davis, Deberry,      |
John Edwards, Tlllmore, A h Postei, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gog-      |
gm Grangei, Green Howard James Will am C Johnson, John      £
P Kennedy  Lane   Linn, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell,      I
Maynard, Mooie, Morgan, Morrow, Owslev, Powell, Ramsey,      |
Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall,  Randolph,  Rayner,      t
Ridgway, Rodney, William Ru «el!  James M Russell, Saltón       I
stall, Truman Smith, Stanly Stratton, Alexander II II  Stuart,      j
lohnT  Stuart, bummers Taliaferro, Tuhu B Thompson, R
W   Thompson, Toland, Tnplett, Van   Rensselaer, Warren,      ^
Washington, Edward D White, Joseph L White, Christopher      1
H Williams, and Yorke-81                                                       |
Mr. FILLMORE ro>e to a privileged question. 1
He wished to move a reconsideration of the vote I
by which the House had refused to suspend the |
rules. He did not know whether he had a right to I
make the motion, as he had voted in the minority, J
although it prevailed.                                                   I
After some conversation on the question of order •
thus raised,                                                                  i
Mr. TOMLINSON, who voted with the major- I
ity, made the motion to reconsider.                              i
Mr McKENNAN moved the previous ques- £
tion, which was put, and carried                                 í
The motion to reconsider the vote by which the !
House had refu-ed to suspend the rule% was then i
carried by the following vote—yeas 130, nays 70.       I
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,  ¿andaff W. Andrews,     i
Sherlock J  Andrews, Appleton, Aycrigg, Babcock,     I
Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Ridlack, Birds,eje, Blair,     I
Boardman,  Borden,  Brocketay,   Milton  Brown,     J
Ch&. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun,     I
Wm   B. Ca'iipbell, Th. J   Campbell, Caruthers,     !
Childs, Chitteiaen, John C Clark, Clinton, James     !
Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Curbing, Garret Davis,
Richard D   Davis,  Dean, Doig, John  Edwards,     j
Everett, Fos^enden,  Fillmore,   John  G. Floyd,     i
Gentry, Gerry, G dd ng«, Pa'rick G Goode, Gor-     I
don, Granger,  Gustine,   Ha 1,   Halsted,   Hayí,     i
Howard, Hudson, Charles J.  Ineersoll, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, James  Irvin, W13. W. Irwm, James,     i
Keim, John P. Kenned}, Lane, Robert McClellan,
McKennan, Th. F   Mars-hall,  Samson   Mason,
Mathiot, Maihew'-, Mattock*, Maxwell, Maynard,
Medill, Mi'chel!, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow,
Newnard, Osborne, P«rmenter, Pearce, Pendleton,
Plumer, Pope, Powell, Proffit, Ram<ey, Benjamin
Randall,   Alei-mder Randall,   Randolph,   Read,
Reding, Reynolds, Ridgway, Regs, Rodney, Wm.
Russell, James M Russell, Saltonsdall, Sanford,
Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Snyder, Spngg,
Stanly, Stratton, A H. H  Stuart, John T Stuart,
Summers, Sweney, Taliaferro, John B Thompson,
Richard W Thompson, Till nghast, Toland, Tom-
hnson, Triplet!, Trdüibuil, Van Buren, Van Rens-
selaer, Wallac , Ward, Welier, Edw. D. White,
Joseph L White, Thomas W. Williams, James
W. Williams, Joseph L. William% Wise, Yorke,
and Augustus Yomg—130
NAY'S—Mts r, Adams, Arnold, Arnngton,
Athertop, Barun, Bkck, Botts, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Burke, Wm O Butl r, Gteen W. Cald-
well, Patrick C Caldwll, Johr Carppbell, Cary,
Ca^ey, Chapjifj, Cifford, Coles, Co quitt, Mark
A. Cooper, Cravens, Cress, Darnel, Dawson,
Debeiry, Tohn C. Edwards, Estert, A L Foster,
Gamble, Gogi; o, Wm O. Goode, Graham, Green,
Gwin, Habersiam, Ham , Holmes, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Humer, Wm Ost Johnson,
Cave Johnson, John W Jones Kir , Linn, Little-
field, Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mallory, John T Mason, Miller, OwsJey, Payne,
Rayner, Rhett, Rogers, Roosrveit, founder-,, Shaw,
Wm Smiih, Steenrod, Surrtcr, Jacob Tbon pson,
Turney, Warren, Washington, Wallerson, Chris-
topher H  Williams, and Word—70
The question again recurred upon the imotion to
suspend the rules fir the purpo e <f ircei-'ing the
resolution sbov< . It w;s detided in ihe mgative
—-yt&s 193, nays 72, (not two third ) as follows
