CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
YEAS.—Messrs Allen, Landaff W. Andrews,
Sherlock J. Andiews, Apple'on, Aycngg, Bsb
eook, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Bidlack, Birds-
eye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Brockway, Mil-
ton Brown, Charles Brown, J Brown, Burnell,
Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Thomas J
Campbell, Caruthers Childs, Chittenden, John C
Clark, Clmton, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston,
Cashing, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, Doig,
John Edward-, Everett, Fessenácn, Fillmore,
John G Floyd, Gentry, Gtrry, Giddings, Pat-
rick G Goode, Go don, Granger, Gustine, Hall,
Halsted, Hays, Ho  aid, Hudson, Charles J
Ingeisoll, Joseph R Iuger-oll, James Irvin, Wm
W. Irwin, Jamrs, Keim, John P Kennedy, Lane,
Robert McClelian, McKenran, Thomas, F Mar
shall, Sanson Mason, Mathiot, Ma ocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Mi chell, Moore, Moigan, Mor-
ns, Morrow, Newhard, upborne, Parmenter,
Pearce, Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Preffit,
Ramsay, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall,
Randolph, Read, Reding, Ridgway, Ripgs, Rodney,
Wm. Russell, James M Russell, Saltonslall, 8m
ford, fchepperd Slade, Troman Smith, Snyder,
Stratton, Alexander H H Stuart, John T Stuart,
Summers, Sweney, Tahafeno, John B Thompson,
Tilhnghast, Tolasd, Tomlwson, Triplett, Tium-
ball, Van Buren, Van Rensselear, Wallace, Ward,
Weller, EJward D. White, Joseph L White,
Thomas W Williams, Joseph L Williams, Wise,
Yorke, and Augustus Young—122
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Arnold, Arnngton,
AthertoB, Birlen, Bl >ck, Bo>ts Boy!, Aaron V
Brown, Buike, William 0 Butler, Green W.
Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell,
Gary, Ca>ey, Chapman, Clifford, Co,es, Colquitt,
Mark A Coo¡ er, Cross, Daniel, Dawson, Deb rry,
Doan, J C E) wards, E.be", A L Fos er, Gam-
ble> Goggm, W. 0 Goode, G ahim Gwm, H?ler-
onam, Harris, Holmes, Hous on, Hubard, Hun
ter, Wm Cost Johnson, dive Johns>on, Join W
Jones, Linn, Littleiield, Abraham McClell?n,
McKay, MoKeon, Mai oiy, John Thompson Ma-
son, Mathews, Medill, Owsley, Payne, Rayner,
Rhet, Roeers, Roosevelt, Shaw, Shields, William
Smith, Steenrod, Sumter, Richard W Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Warren, Washington,
Watterson, James W William , Christopher H
Willums, and Wood—72
The SPEAKER announced tbe> regular business
to be ihe special order made ye<tefuay, viz. ihe re
ports and resolution of the commutes on the veto
message
Mr. CUSH1NG movec to go into Commit tc of
the Whole on the s ate of tne. Ui ion for the pui
pose of taking up He use bi 1 No 31, bung A
bill supplementary to th" au intuit d ' an act to
modify the act oí the 14 h i July 1832, and all
other acts imposing done-, on imports, appioved
March 8, 1833  
Mr ADAMS cal'ed 'or he regu'ar erd r of bu-
siness.
Mr W C. J0PNSON said the House vas
bound by the ' onsututicn to ctnsi er the revenue
bill, whu h h<.d been vetoed, b°lore r jy ae ion cou'd
be had on th  reports and re oiution of the coroim
tee Regardirg this as a pmileget question, he
moved that the Home proceed tj thi"-ou*iderauon
of the vetjed bill, with the Preside it's objections
thereto.
The SPEAKER «aid ih° motion w< s in order
Mr ADAMS said tbe special order tor 12
o'clock was t e repoits and rt-so ution of tie c m
mittte
The SPEAKER replied lha that would b( the
regular orde oi business u tms motion should be
voted down
Mr ADAMS said he c&lled up the special order
The SPEAKER said nis was, a privileged ques
tion under the Constitution, whi'e he special order
was made so under trie ui'es only Th3 mot on
made by Mr Cd h'nq h  pronounced to be out of
order. He then rut th  qi rstion to the House
which was made by r'lr W  C Johnson
Mr. ADAMS inquired if thdt was consistent
with the rules.
The SPEAKER replied The Chair has deeded
that the ruies do not apply, but a majority can vote
this motion down.
Mr A V BROWN called for the ,ea, and
nays on the motion oí the gentleman from Mary-
land , which were ordered
Mr ADAMS moved to lay the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland on the table
Mr WISE    That is not in order
The yeas and nays were then taken on Mr
Johnson's motion, which was determined in the
affirmative—yeas 123, naye 77.
Mr W Ct JOHNSON then proceeded to ad-
dress the House He avowed that he was actua-
ted, in making tie moeon which had just been
Cnrasd, b% a desire to obey the strict mandate of
the Const'tution itself He had uniformly voted
for the bul which hal open returned with th-;
President's objections, and he wou'd not trespass
on th time ot the Hou«e in the considera ion of
that message accompanying the returned bill, be-
cau e he believed that not one vote would be
changed by the report which had been made by
the s" eot committee, nor by an/ discussion which
might be had, and that ihe vote on the reconsider-
ation would stand almost precisely as it stood on
the passage of the bill Of the message of the
President, he would observe, that no argument
which u contained bad changed his opinion, or
would alter bis course , and he would say, turthei,
that whoever might change his opinion on the sub-
ject of the distribution ot the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands, he (Mr. J ) never would change, unless
it« ere to substitute in its place a wiser and better
policv He. therefore, would not remove that law
from the statu e-book by any vol  of hi>, under
any circumstances, un ll 'he Congress of 'be Uni-
ted Sta es should have first p'aced on the su tu t-
b ok, m i s stead, a law that was better for the in-
ters ts and welfare of the United State's.
He did not now, nor had h° ever desired a con
test oí strength between -iny brauch«s of thu Gov
emu en'; but he foresaw long ago the state, of af-
fairs prec sely which now exists His mind was
theiefore familiar with its contemplation, and his
course of action had been prepared for the junc-
ture which now exists He was not taken by sur-
prise, and the re were gentlemen on this floor who
could tear him testimony that, when the Senate
placed the fata! clause in the distribution b'll at the
extra sessi< n, he predicted it would be the ground
for this corn ct which has occurred, and that they
woul' have to con end with most forrnieiable diffi-
culties
He proceeded to ne tice the reflection* to which
he houlj be subjected by the course he was pur
suing, but he dejarcd tut h" she old pu sue his
c ur e, whoever i ug .1 act with oi against hm
His ojise was teken, did his eour e was straight
¡orear!, as i had ever been H° C sejdimed any
i"t ntion lo go i ito an examination ci survey el
til" ex cut vt decument vh eh w« then before
th°m or of the political Kstoiy of the times m
Wiici ih y iivel The. houi han I of the cloc'
i '<< rcai d too lapidly t~> allow bim to do „o, and,
¡uref re, na shinld proc e to vin'irate his own
course of action wmch he nad thojght prope t >
per ue i i, this floor, and watch h  meant to on-
tin>e 'I hey had attained a juno ure of affair
which vvai most rema'irab e ard interesting in wis
om Goven nent ar 1 the his cy of i s legislation
Tney ¿W a t?i i c a eti s no t p cul At ai d r esf
embfrras mg—a af-is i h en, in 1 is judgmen',
coma only bi cometed by *ise and ptactical legi -
la'ion ihey slo d in a position wbe e it became
mutter of e'ebat  vvhethei the} hid existing anj
law by which ht revei ue of he t ■'l on could be
eoliecitd liw a si.Dji.ct on whius there migut
be rational and proper ground of difference oi
opinion, but his purpose was not to dwel on that
ques ion, but to vindica e a pre i si ion vhich ht
rcgarled as oie wh ch the c i i" 11 wb eh the c up
tiy v as ieund required at ih hands of Ci ngresb—
a prope Si' e n \ Inch h*. oelici/id won t re i ve botl
the fetales and the nation He hid csked Ihe House
times agan a d o t, t> nuulge him with a se ex..
coi mi t i r th tonsi 'e ation ci that prot o i ion,
wn li ih pee jle hv teiftr m rroras, pray the
House to c i stuer, but the llou e had refused to
consider the pre p isition, and thus he had been
torced to bring it forward on his own responsibility
He propose J to dwell upon it for a few minutes.
and, in doing so, he should allude to the President's
message in one or two particulars
He stated that he should vote for the bill, asjie
had done before, wh n the House should be brought
to a test vote on that subject, but, as he under-
stood the President's message, it was ground of
objection to the bill (and it was one of the strong-
est objections ursed) that the amount of the rev-
enue collected from the sal's of the pub'ic lands
was so small that, if it were divded, it would give
the States no relief He had anticipated this ob-
jection long before it was made in this Presidential
message, and the crisis which overwhelms the
S'ates of the Union had induced him to promise,
eaily in the session, that, ata convenient moment,
he should ask leavt' to bring forward his plan,
which goes farther and greater lengths to relieve
the S'at s of the Union than the distnbu ion act
itself. It the di tnbutien act remained on the
statute book, (and he never would, by any vote of
his, remove it, unless a better were substituted,)
he should even then bring forward his plan to re-
imburse to the States the amount of money wh'ch
this Government has received from the public
lands, calculating the Mtere&t on the amount of
|142,000 000
He then proceded to notice the amount de-
rived from the public land , as stated in the Presi-
dent's message Ti e Executive had taken ten
years of sales of the public lands, and had stated
the estimated annual amount at about $2 000,000.
He (Mr Johnson) took the returns of the land
sales for ten years preceding, and he made the
estimated annua! amount to be but a fraction less
than §9 000,000 It, then, such were the returns,
what wai it fair to presume the average oí the
next t n years would be' Place the amount at
what sum they p'ea^ed—bring it down to four mil-
lions, if thev pleased, or even to three millions—
and he would demonstrate lo the House a plan
which was b t er for the Gjvernment, for the
States, and for the people, than the plan of the
eha rmai of the Cotirniuee of Wajs and f*"eans.
He had asl ed the Hou^e to consider a bill which
he reported a few days since, which contained pre-
cisely the principles of the bill reported by the
chairman of the Co nmittee of Ways and Means,
with the differeree of a reduc ion of the duties on
cotton bagging, and including an item taxing tea
and coffee, and mcjrporating m it a proposition
which he bad caused to be read by its title from
tne Clerks tab e By tris p an, be estima ed, for
the fi st yesr after ihe pas'Bge of such a law,
while it adhered to distribution, and was calculated
to fo ter every interest of the courtry, there would
be r el ix nillions mere revenue than by the
bul wmch had b en vetoed by the President, the
second yea eight mill ons, and the third year more
than ten mdluns more than that bill would pro-
dec 
He then pneeeded, as he said, to the considera-
tion of his propo i ion in a broader and more gen-
eral sense He nouoed orne peculiar e pinions of
virn us seets ef po! tie ptis respecting Ihe duties ot
a Gc\ernT! nt, and expia : ed c what class he be-
Iod el He ? ! they must adopt a system of
rep e s that would be emmensurate with the
e isedse e^dT v h ch tre nation tsai suffering, and
he \vss uhderstood to intimate iiat his plan would
eure the- exis ing ewls, and woaid give to the Gov
errime-t re/enue enough to *uppn dllitslegi'imate
wants.
He believed that the bill which had been leport-
ed, and whieh had b enoa s d, and returredby the
President vnh hi   object ons, ^as a btll eminently
i calcj'ated     advance the rranutacturng interests,
I  be , if he h^a I'amea lha' bill, he would not have
levied such oi«h mis on vaneus articles ot for-
I  e   n importation     He would, the n, adere*s himself
e. , eenl > t   the grtpt manufacturing inte rest     He
I  b licveel, iron  too calcu'ations ae had made, that
it wou d have been pa sed with the previ ion which
he annex el to  i   and that the coiiSequene- would
be a permanent tariff or the next twenty i ve year's,
protecting the manauct a" ng .mere t, and giving
reuef to the Government ard to the States     Let
'   him, however, te'i t'ie Northern and Middle mter-
'   ests, that, while they  have a proposition which is
I   to give them a tariff of protectioa  for   twenty
