CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90?
ligation to pass as presented. The majority, how-
ever, declared they would not even hear any prop-
osition which was presented. They refused to
permit any bill to be announced; yet the minority
were to be told, and the country to be informed,
that the distress now prevailing was occasioned by
them! For his own part, bis conscience was
clear! He claimed no right (as they would say in
New England) to any portion of the censure.
Now, when the second veto had come in, how
had the majority voted? When a proposition was
made by his' friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. C.
Brows] to instruct the Committee of the Whole
to report (he bill introduced by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and which provided revenue, and removf-d
the difficulties attending its collection, the molion
could not be carried; ror the simple reason that
there were not votes enough. [Laughter.] Here,
then, was a proposition, reasonable in its character,
not at all restrictive, and which would not have
frevented <he majority from offering amendments.
t really seemed be to resolved that noihing should
be done, except it were determined on in caucus, at
the other end of the Capitol. The party, it seemed,
had applied the iron rule to tbenvelves. After all
their talk, in former days, about collar-men, and all
their dread of that instrument, they had now put
the collar around their own necta. He hoped they
would not blame others, whilst they were content
to wear it.
Although the effect of the speech he had made
might be to de'eat his motion, (as was said
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. T. J.
Campbell,] who had marie several remarks in
an under tone during Mr. R.'s occupancy of the
floor,) he would conclude by calling ihe previous
question.
Mr. GRANGER moved a call of the Home;
which was ordered. 145 member* answered; and
when the absentees ware called, 164 aopeared.
A few excuses here heard; when
Mr. GAMBLE moved to suspend the further
call of tbe House,
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nays on the
molion; whereupon
Mr. GAMBLE withdrew it.
Further pxcuses were heard; when
Mr. LINN moved an adjournment; but with-
drew ihe motion upon the yeas and nays being or-
dered.
The House again resumed the consideration of
excuses; but after a rhort time,
Mr. BOTTS moved to dispen.-e with further pro-
ceedings in the call. Many gentlemen had It ft the
hall, with a view, he supf o*ed, to enable them to
pass the distribution by a vote of two-thirci«, and
he saw no reason why they should nor avail them-
selves of the opportunity.
Mr. IRWIN called for the yeas and nays; which
were taken, and resulted—yeas 82, nays G7.
So all further proceeding*, were su ¡>'no'ed, about
forty niinu'es !;aving"bee'i spen! iueirin.
Mr. BOTTS requested the gentleman fro.n Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] to modify his resokdon,
or permit a vote to-be taken upon the report of the
committee. Whilst it wes impracticable to carry
into tfleet the object of the reso íoior,, he wished
to see who were in favor of the report.
Mr. ADAMS signified his willingness to hive
the question divided.
Mr. HOUSTON inquired if the gen.lcman had
a right to modify h's proposition after the previous
quesiion had been moved.
The SPEAKER rep'ied in the affirmative, pro-
vided it was done before there was a second.
Some conversation then en-ued en the right to
bring the Home to a vote upon the adepmn ot
the report alone; af-er which
Mr. M. A. COOPER erpiessed a desire that the
previous question shou'd be withdrawn, and a
motion submitted to postpone the whole subject
until the 1st of December next.
The previous question was then sustained—ayes
85, noes SO
Mr. WISEinqnred whether the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had moved the adop-
tion of his report, or simply of the resolution.
The SPEAKER replied, both the report and the
resolution.
Mr. BIDLACK moved to lay the report and the
resolution on the table.
Mr. CUSHING called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WISE inquired if it was in order to call
for a  division, so as to tike  the question first on    ;
laying the report on the table.                                   j
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.                i
The ye.ns and nays were then taken, as follows:   '■
yeas 85, nays 102.                                                    j
YEAS—Messrs.  Arnngton, Atherton, Beeson,   '
Bidlack, Bowne,  Charles  Brown, Burke, Green
W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Cary, Clifford,   )
Clinton, Coles, Co'quitt, Mark A. Cooper, Cross,    j
dishing,  Daniel,  Richard   D.   Davis,   Dawson,   ',
Doan. Doig, Egbert, John G.  Floyd, Gerry, Gil-   |
mer, W. O Goode, Gordon, Gwin, John Hastings,   ¡
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck,  Houston, Hu-
bard, Hunter, Charles J.   Ingersoll, William   W.   j
Irwin, Widism Cost Johnson, Cave Johpson, John   i
W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, L"wi-<, Lit-   ■
tkfield, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mal-   ¡
lory, Thomas F. Marshall, John Thomson Mason,   j
Medill,   Miller, Mitchell, Newh&rd,   Parmenter,
Payne, Plumer, Pope, Promt, Read, Reding, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Risgs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders,
Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Slcenrod, Sumter, S«eney,   ;
Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, Turney, Van Bu-   \
ren, Ward, Watterson, Weller, James W.  Wil-   ¡
hams, Wise, and Wood—85.                                    |
NAYS-Mes rs. Adams, Allen, LandaffW. An-   !
drews, Sherlock J.  Andrews, Appleton,  Arnold,   I
Aycrir-g, Babcoek, Baker, B?rnaid, Barton,  Birds-   i
eye, Clair, Boardman, Borden,  Botts, Brockway,
Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chittenden, John
C, Claik, Cowrn, Cranston, Owens, Garrett Da-
vis, Deberry,  John   Edwaids,  Everett,  Fillmore,
A. Lavn ¡ice Foster, Gamble, Gei.try, Guldings,
Gor;°in,   Patrick  G.   Goode,   Giaham, Granger,   i
Green, Hall, Ha'sted, Howard, Hudson, Jo.eph R.
Ingersoll, James Irvm, James, John  P.   Kennedy,
King, Lane, Linn, McKennan, Samson Mason,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan,    ■
Morrow,   Osborne,   Owsley,   Pearee,   Pendleton,
Powell,   Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander,
Randall, Randolph, Rayner,  Ridgway,  Rodney,
William Russell, James M.  Russell,  Sal'onstall,    !
Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Sollers, S.anly,
Slratton, John  T. Stuart, Summers,  Taliaferro,
Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson, Trip-
let, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
lace,  Warren, Washington,  Edward  D.  White,
Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Chrifle-
p!~er H. Williams, Joseph  L.  Williams, Yorke,
and Augustus, Youns;—102.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the adoplioi of the report.
M1-. WISE asked to be excused from voting. ,
He .-aid the report charged the President with cer-
tain high crir>;ts and misdemeanors; for which, if
Le were cjlpible, lie ought to be impeached. But
as it was the constitutional duty of the-Senate to !
try articles of impeachment, he, (Mr. Wise,) as a
member ot this House, ought not to be called upon
to vote upon them, th,:, Bouse having no power to
t,y the P, evident.
The House excused the gentleman.
The }eat> arid nays  were  then called; and re-
sulted, yeas 100, nays 80, a> follows:
YEAS—Mes-jrv. Adams, Allen, LandafT W.
Andrews, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg,
Babcoek Baker. Barnard, Barion, Birdseye, Blair,
BoaiJman, Burden, Botts, Milton Brown, Jere-
miah Brown, Buiuell, Calhoun, Thomas J- Camp-
bell, Caiuthers, Ca^ey, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
Jimes Cooper, Cowea, Orans.on, Cravens, Garrett
Davis, Deberry, John Edwards, Fi'lmore, A. L.
Foster, Gentry, (Joggin, Graham, Granger, Qre-n, |
Hall, H.ili'ed, Howard, Hud'-on, Ja..esl-vm,
J^mes, John P. Kennedy, Kmg, Lane, Linn,
McKei'nan, Toomas F. Marshall, Samson Ma-
son, Mathiot, Mattock1?, Maxwell, Maynard, j
Mitchell, Morgan, Morris,Morrow, Owsley, Pearee,
Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall,
Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Rid-^wsy,
Rodnry, J. M. Russell,Saltonstall.Saepperd, Slade,
T. Smith, Boilers, Sprigg, Stanly, Stratton, John
T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B. Thomp-
son, Rcbard W. Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson,
Triplet!, Trumbull, underwood, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Warren, Washington, E. D. White,
Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams) Chris-
topher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Yorke,
and Augustus Young—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Arriugton, Atherton, Beeson,
Bidlack, Bowne, C. Brown, Burke,Greeu W. Cald-
well, P. C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Clifford,
Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, Cross,
Cushina, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Dawson,
Doan, Doig, JohnC. Eiwards, Egbert.J.G. F,oyd,
Gilmer, W. O. Goode, Gordon, Gus*ine, Gwin,
Harris, Hastings, Hays, Holmes,Hopkins,"tTc'ck,
Houston, Hu bard, I j inner, Charles J. Ii -¡el!,
William W. Irwin} Cave Johnson, Jo 'W.
Jone?, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Life- SelJ,
Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory,
John Thomson Mason, Medill, Miller, Newhard,
Parmenter, Payne, Plumer, Promt, Read, Red-'
irig, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogerf, Roosevelt,
Siunders, Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Steenrcd, Sum-
ter, Jacob Tiiompson, Turney, Van Buren, Ward,
Watterson, Weller, James W. Williams, and
Wood—80.
Mr. SPRIGG rose to move a ^consideration of
the vote adopting the report of the committee.
He said that the report c stained statements which
had before been made in this hall, the truth of
which he had befóte denied. It was asserted in
the report, that the Executive of the United States
is levying mi lions of money upon the people with-
out any authority of law.
The SPEAKER interrupted ihe ger.'leman from
Kin'ucky, and isformed him that th-Te was no
m -tiou pending, and therefore thAt debate was not
i.i order.
Mr. SPRIGS said that he desired his motion to
be entered; and, at ¡he suggestion of some gentle-
men, he would d.fcr, fur the time, the remarks he
wished to make. He said that he was not actuated
by any perverse feeling, for he desired, as far as he
could, to co-operate with the majority; but he could
not, conscientiously, do so on this question.
The next question was on the adoption of the
resolution; on which the yeas and nays were taken,
and resulted, yeas 28, nays 90, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams,Allen, L. W.Andrews,
S. J. Andrews, Appluon, Arnold, Aycrigg, Bab-
cock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, B'air, Boardman,
Borden, Botts, Brockway, Milton Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Burrr-ll, Ca'houn, Thomas J. Campbell,
Caiuthers, Casey, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
James Ccoper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett
Drtvts, Deberry, J"hn Kdwsrds, Fillmore, A. L.
Foster, Gentry, Gtddings, Gojgtn, Patrick Q.
Goode, Grai.an, Granger. Green, flail, Haisted,
Ho..aid, Hudson, James Irvin, James, John P.
Kennedy, King, Lane, L'nn, McKrnnan, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, Mayr.ard, Morgan,
Moirs, Morrow, Oritv. Pf,v.-.e, P. r.-lleton, Pow-
ell, Ramsey, Btojaimm Randall, A.ex-uidcr Ran-
dall, Randolph, Rüyner, R'dewny, Rodney, Wm.
Ru'oseil, James T4. R'j-s-i!, Oakornta'J, Shepperd,
Slade, Sollers, Sianly, Suatton, John T. Stuart,
Summer, Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Richard
'tí. Tnosnp'-oii, Toland, Tomlinson, Triple ,-
Tiumbuli, Underwood, Van Re-welaer, Waltece,
Wairen, Wa'hington, E'ward D White, Joseph
L. While, Thomas W. William?, CbPstopher H.
Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Yorke, and Augus-
tus Young—-98.
NAYS—fVhb'rs. A-tington, A-hertor, Barton,
Bre.M.n, Bu'lack, Bowne, Charles Brown, Burke,
Green W Cald.ve;l, Patrick C. Caldwell, John
CampbeP, Cry, Cofford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt,
"tfark A C-. o per. Cross, Cushirg, Daniel, Richard
O. Davis, Diwson. Doan, Doig, Egbert, Ferris,
John Q. Floyd, Gilmer, William O, Goode, Gor-
don, Gnstine, Gwin, Habersham, Harris, Hastings,
Ha-,s, Holmes, Hopkios, Houck, Hou.von, Hub-
<-.r.t, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Wilbam W. Ir-
win, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, Keim, An-
drew Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefield, Abraham Mc-
Clellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mallcry, Thorn is F Manila!!, John Thomson
Mason, Mattocks, Medid, Miller, Mitchell, New-
hard, Parmenter, Payne, Plumer, Pope,  Proffit,
