908                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
Read, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rose s,
Roosevelt, Sartford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Sjj-
der, S cenrod, Sumter, Jacob Tnompson, Turney,
Van Buren, Ward, Watteison, Weller, James W
Williams, Wisp, and Wood—90.
Mr. MARSHALL moved a reconsideration of
the vote which bad just leen taken. There had
(he said) been no question presented to that House,
iince the present Congress convened, whicn had
been treated with greater rigor, or wh.ch would
carry, by it? decision, more alarmmg consequences
than the present. He bad thought that, upon a
question proposing to change the Consututicn of
this Government, the House ought not, under any
circumstances, by reatan of the pressure euner tf
business or of time, to have proceeded and acted
with «} much rap dity as it had done. And in re-
lation to this question, and to the party who had
got it up, it was a mat er of peculiar personal ím
porlance to himself that nis reasons should go b*-
•fore the country wuh his vo e Probably the vote
he should give upon this occauon would be de-
cisive of his place, not only at ths present, but for
coming years For a man who had been devoted
to politics from his youth, and írom tus youth had
acted with a pany unswervingly, it wat a severe
test to find himself now forced up into line, to sup-
port that which he could not approve.
The question had been to him, whatever it may
have been to others, a bitter cap He would not
have tasted it if he could have avoided doing so;
but having been tendered to him, he bad been com-
pelled to drink it. The question, he thought, bad
been urged forward with some haste, and he, for
one, had been taken by surprise. A few months
ago only, he (Mr. Marshall) had been taunted by
the gentleman standing at the head of the commit
tee which had made thr= report, as being the advo-
cate of revolutionary doctrines, con'amed, as was
asserted, m cer am resolui.ons introduced in the
other end of the Capi'oi, by a distinguished Sena-
tor from that State which he, in part, represented
A man so deeply read m the Constitution of inn
country, in every part of it—so thoroughly ver<ed
and experienced in the piactice of the Government
ever since its commencement—under the do j mioti,
m turn, of all the various political partip —he (Mr
M.) had supposed that such a man, with all his
experience, ard m< learning, and ag% and wisdom
had at least made up his opinion on the suij ct
He repfated, then, tb.t he would have «sted ba<
lit le time lo consider ths. sjhje-, fir theieison
that it came frem a q laiicr uh h, en ah constitu-
tional quesfons, chili nged his iesp"c, were it not
that a principle was involved, which fie Hot se
would ycknowledg c nirao. clcd ?ii hs precon-
ceived opinions on. the subject, And as he 1 It
that (he tautit he oad receive 1 from the gentleman
was more hitter than he deserved, he f It glad to
find his position and hisopiunnsfortified b> theru-
thonty and example of t,ie di tn gu'shed Sena or
to whom he had a'luded He (Mr. Marshall)
had no desire to destroy ¡h Cons'itution hp sto d
there to aid n adoiini«ter'ng ih  Government ac-
cording lo the Con«ti ution He br>d been educa
ted wiih a ventranou ¡or it m .ill iU ps ts The e
fore it was, (hat hp p vf cav ir ~ieraced, without
sorfe alarm, hp he ver li  "n"1 ton piopo>it or__not
to d "$o v the Um n, (f i it h \ 1 oe-n ! i f up i i
hear a pre potion of 'h.t k1 J ug ilqndd eudfrl
on that fl or,) but e\tn u> t uta ¡hi nsru> int
at all, without ali-im He1 id re < in 'he ha^it
oí Kgarding it a  the mos (ei tet *oik t .-. ever
emanated iroai the m r<i o, n n lit look d n on
tho e who fra*n"<l t, ps brini rt Ira ta wise as
the - ")e*cendapi , fci'foti1 being infla  ck! bv ihe
passion whim were opera'ipg upon us Tney
had wisely A rni  I checks, pndNiUnce , -nd cmbs,
an'i tit's, ?au r us, lor to purple of pr '/er<ting
abuses, wbici, >hev vtli foif-aw, «luiout s„C!i
checks, aid curb , wou 1 p-pv n1 n any o coniz^d
s^iety Sjthl- h e^ he e/pei** "e fai'man-
knd
Thi , be ' 11 ve-1, \ - 'o 1p  -ide a popoUr is
so", that ibry wn t< £o I' oie ih reople uror
this qresnon, so w< !l caieu a ed to pr-duoe e\ci e-
ment (rem one er J ut he & ntm<mf <o f!ip o 'iti—
the rights of r-ajoriues ¡o govern Hf (Mr M )
■was well aware oí the difficulty of the contest, jot
he, for one, wat,opposed to an) charge m ihe Con-
stitution And he was convinced that there was
no part or portion of th  Union, go where they
would, where the majority would not rise and
grow restive under such a change. Talk as they
might about the veto, it was pne ot the most neces-
sary powers known to the Constitution, and, if ta-
ken away, he very much feared the Government e f
this country would be rendered far more unpopular
than before
There were other powers known to the Consti-
tution which might, with greater propriety, be abro-
gated There was a body of rra'i'tracy, in whose
choice the peop'e had no voic, and' in whom,
nevertheless, the Constitution had chosen te repose
ihe power to declare null and void laws wh.ch Had
been dehbera'ely and formally passed bv bjth
Houses of Congress, and sanctioned by the Execu-
tive.
But, upon the subject of ths right of asimp'e
majontv \o rule, if this was a Whig doctrine, he
(Mr. M.) had never been a Whig. If he were to
select one form oi government uhich would be
more odious to him than another, it would be this
No, sir, (said Mr. -M.) give my consti uents, m
preference to a form of simple democracy—the
democracy here advocated—a democracy fnm
which they would shrink with horror,—give them,
instead of this, a despotism in its wors' forms, but
save them from an irresponsible and dominant fac-
tion
Its effects would be  mere terrific hpre, than in
any community of which he had any knowledge
This Government was c imposed ot sepprate com-
munities, having separate interests    Were num-
bers 'o be made the Whig test of polihcal powers
He (Mr M N was no friend to Charles the First
If he had lived in the t me of Charles, he wocld
urq lestionably have been a revolutionist Bat an
hereditary monarch, irresponsible to the people—
a corporation, sole, independent, and existing
through ail time, independently of tbe popu'ar
will, wa° entirely d fferent from a Pies.dent chosen
by the people, and responsible to them. Gentle-
men took me ground, and argued here as though
this exertion ifpoverby Ihe Piesii ent—a poser
which the Constitution had placed .n him—crea'ed
a question be ueen Congress and the Executive
Be (Mr M ) viewed it differently. He c nsi eied
it is a ii puie between Hvo * rvants or a common
master who ha I been made a mutual check upon
each other—Doth berg ie«pon* bl" to that master,
and not to each other
He (Mr M ) v as perftclly will ng 'o g t rid of
thp Prudent, but he did not <~ant to change the
Consu uttrn There could not, in his judgment,
be two ques'uns rrore ennrely diss milar iban the
•wo presented in 'hit íepoit. But he certa nly did
not think either be, or the gentleman from whom
tbe report proc eded, bad rea-on to complain of
the exe'cise of the veto power on a late occasion.
If it h^d not been gratifying to t>e gentleman, he
(Mr M ) wonid acknowledge, stnfu a-, it wa->, th«t
it \ ps gratifying to him when ihe Whig bank bill,
which had p. s id both Houses o Ci rgress was met
by a veto. Ra h°r than have seen that bill go into
3 law, he (Mr M ) would be wilh g not only to
re-gnhisrl ce   n iba' Ho«ce, but e\en his hopes
0    íort"re and of fasoi thr ugh litt Oj ^uch oc
cas rs wbe'o the inironty aT rd"py enouih to
be ih <} o a a> themselves or the exr  itive vi to,
o' a ju i cw1 veto, oi anv hmg o< the soit, he (Mr.
fl ) woL'd le ih" last m.i<i to deprive them <f it
N y, he rooiudc';-  with tt-e gra p of dedih to a
Wi c and '-alu'ary provision, v hich Ine wisutm oí
e ur oreia'hers Lai secured to us. He would
orc-tr/e the Govern''ent in  is simple  firm   a^
1  ad  donn  hi   the  Co-stuution,   asínst  al!  the
h   word.    H"HculdhtlJ   o t^epntc pie s which
b" had helu to thioogli life, arid .host prmuplesi e
«sou d c!ie ciasDirg to bis bo^om
The < wa  a pccu'ian'y m the present sta'e of
pffairs, wh cb. might no' haopen again n? century
The President, when he cime in o power, was not,
as h>> well knew, ihe favoii'e of his ov,n party
Placed in this position, then, and naturally arx'ous,
as every man is, to stcure^to h mself the posses-
sion of power and authority, and knowing that it
was far from the intention of that party to place
him there again, he might, inasmuch as he had
nothing to hope from those by whom he wav p'acect
in power, have considered it best to look out for
terms from those who had no share in his election.
And, after all, what is the veto, but making it
necessary for two-thirds to agree, instead of a bare
rnajorit)? Parties might be equally divided in Con-
gress, and the vote of a single man might serve to
S'cure the passage of laws, if the veto did not exist.
But he had gone further into this question than
he intended. For one, he was unwilling to seethe
Constitution of his country changed. Tbe people
had elected not the House of Coiigress only, but
the President also; and they were the trae and
proper tribunal to determine upon the question
now at issue. He (Mr. Marshhll) wished to
place himself right upon the question. He thought
Captain Tyler had done wrong. He (Mr. M ) in
conjunction with his party, had done all he could
to avert the evil; and he was ready to go before the
country upon the issue; but he would leave tbe
subject wholly untouched during a time of party
excitement.
So the motion was not carried, there not being
the constitutional majority of two-thirds.
Mr. GRANGER moved that the House do now
adjourn, but he withdrew it, at the request of gen-
tlemen around him.
Mr. ARNOLD rose; but
Mr. MARSHALL still retained the floor, and
said he had been told that this subject had been
discussed everywhere It was one that he never dis-
cussed before until this day; for whenever he heard
it talked about, he remained silent, for he did not
think proper lo discuss ii; and if he had, he should
have reedered himself unpopular. But when his
vote was to go on the record, he had thought it
proper thatlus reasons should accompany his vote.
IleTever, supposing the debate to be exhausted, he
would withdraw his motion.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON renewed the motion,
and moved the previous question.
Mr. ARNOLD raised a question of order, and,
after some discussion,
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew the motion.
Mr J. COOPER eb amed ihe floor, and said he
v ished to reDort a bill
Mr. WISE inquired if he could move a recon-
si'elation of the vote just disposed of.
Ti e SPEAKER said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania bad the floor.
Mr WISE con'ended that bis was a privileged
mcijon
Mr HABERSHAM also desired to move the
reconsideration, for the purpose of getting the op-
portunity to rxoress his opinion.
The SPEAKER s-,id the gentlemen were not in
order while the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
ihe floo'
Mr J COOPER moved tbat the House do now
adjeurn
Mr WISE inquired if he could not have his mo-
tion enwred on the journal
Mr HOPKINS said he wished to inform the
House that Ihe Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads intend d lo ask the House to morrow to go
into Comraitiee of ihe Wlule on the post-road bill-
Mr FILLMORE asked Ihe gentleman from
Pcnisjlvama to wiihrlraw his motion, for ihe pur-
pose of having a eilt referred to a stand'ng corn-
rnii'ee.
Mr COOPER assisted, and withdrew the mo-
tion
Mr. WISE then claimed the floor.
Mr FILLMORE conceived himself entitled
to it
Th" SPEAKER however, gave it to the gentle-
t an fr< n Virg'ru.
M WIS1!! then pioceeded tn address ihe House,
an' t l'o"fJ Tamly tee gn und «hich bad been
trken by Mr Marshall After sppal¡lrg some
t ne, he v as in eTupied Tor the reception of a
mes*?ge from ihe Senat". He thengsvs way for
a motion to a ijoarn, wrh the unders'anding that
he should be entitled to the floor to-morrow.
The House adjjurned at 5 o'clock.
