CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            9il
therefore provided the means by which amendments
might be mad*. Indeed, it had been amended
several times since its adoption.
He continued, the discussion of the veto power,
and contrasted its exercise in the United States
with its exercise in England, where it had been
said, monarchy as it was, there was more liberty
than in this republic. Here they had had four ve
toes and one perjury in fifteen months.
Mr COLQUITT replied to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr Arnold,] first dwelling with
caustic playfulness on matters of a personal na-
ture. The gentleman from Tennessee had said
that he bslonged to neither party, though he acted
occasionally with a party Such a declaration
was almost sufficient to induce him (Mr C.) to
conclude that the gentleman from Tennessee was
about to do what had been condemned in others—
desert a falling party. The gentleman from
Tennessee, in the course of his remarks-, seemed
to consider himself not simply as the Repre-
sentative of his district, but as understanding
and representing the feelings of the people of this
great nation; and that his voice, therefore, ought
to be obeyed, unconnected, as he declared himself
to be, with either of the great parties Nobody
else was hoM5t,„or wise, or an advocate for econ-
omy, but that gentleman himself. The Whig party
did not stand up to him; and he who understood so
well the opinions of the people of this country, and
was prepared to be the Representative of tbem al1,
was a'most in despair because he could not succeed
m causing the President, the Whig party, and the
Locofoco party—all to bow down to him, and seek
his protection.
The gentleman from Tennessee bad alluded to
language which he said had been used m rela ion
to his [Mr Arnold's] want of educat on, but he
(Mr. CoiauiTT) would not use such language, for,
if he should judge trom the high tatie of the gentle
man'-, eloquence, the chastity of his language, and
the fertility of his mind, as exhibited in. this dis-
cussion, he should conclude that gentleman had
passed through many grades of scholastic dit'inc-
tion, and that he had developed many natural tal-
ents since he left the walls of his aims muter.
The gentleman from Tennessee had talked aboat
the statesmen of '76—men whose names were pro-
claimed by the trump of fame—who formed our
glorious Constitution. But did not ihe gentleman
know that, by his attack, he was not warring on the
majority or the minority of this House, but on the
Constitution itself, which those revered men femed?
The statesmen of '76 were met under diffe-ent cir-
cumstances than those in which they m that House
were then assembled. The statesmen oí '76 had just
come from the field of strife, and if the members of
that House were met under similar circumstance's,
he doubted not they would have none of those
party factions which distracted their counsels
But their protection was in ine Constitution, for
those distinguished men by whom it was flamed
appeared to have foreseen and guarded against
that spirit of amb Hon, of party, and of faction;
and tbey inserted that which ihe "entleman from
Tennessee des gnated "the one man power " But
who was the President oí ths United States, iti
whom that power was vested? The framers of
the Constitution expected him to be a man whose
fame would be wafted on every breeze, and around
whom the people would be prepared to rally in de-
fence of popular rights; they expected him to be
not the representa'ive of a district, but of th.
whole people, while they (the members of tr-a 
House) were but the Representatives of the com-
ponent parts of this great nation He, (Mr C ,)
then, looked upon tins Government as formed to
guard against that which had been often urfed
against it—a spuit of factious democracy Many
had predicted the overthrow of this and other re-
public ; but that could on!/ be done by 'he de trt'e-
Uon of those separate branches of its Government
which were designed to protect the rights of the
whole people.
The gentleman from Tennessee, by his argu-
ment, and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Adams,] by the resolution which he had reported,
struck directly at the balancing power? of th s
government; and he [Mr. Cqmoitt] la.d it down
as a proposition, that the liberties of the people
were only endangered by legislation or by revolu-
tion. The President's power was but a check on
legislation; he could make no laws, though he
might pievent laws from lakmg effect, which the
majority might pas«; and this was a conservan ve
pjwer, to guard against the evils of a Jog-roliing
system of legislation, such as they had wi'nessed in
the passage of bank bills, baokrrpt laws, distribu-
tion acts, and high protective tariff . Much evil
might be created by legislation, and this "one-
man power" was one of the checks which the Con
stitution placed on such legislation; yet the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adam>]—a late
Pres dent—after being long in the public service,
during which time be had given in his adhesn n to
this feature of the Constitution, complained of a
President for the exercise of a constitutional power
Take the exercise of it in relation to a bank, of
which complaint was made, arid, pprmit him to ask,
how did that House know that it was the will of
the nation that tl ere should be a national bank2
The gentleman said ihey had come there to carry
out Whig policy, but he a^ked, emphatically,
whether that which was proclaimed here as Whig
policy, was thepohevef the people. He hoped
this was to be a government by the people, and du-
ring the late Presidents! cortest, many of the peo-
ple were induced to sustam Gen Harri on by the
proclamation-of his oppus.non to a Bank cf the
United Slates Hedeni'dthat the people had de
termined in favor of a National Bank. Mr Ty'er
was also repiesented as opposed to a bai k wheie it
suited Whig polic,; and the question was not
decided by the people, as was represented
Let them look, too, at the record in relation
to this tariff bill, ?tid see whe'her it bad passed by
a majority of the R< prestniativ s of ihe people sent
to the^e h?H Why, some of the Senators weie
found voting for the pass-age of Ihe bank b,'l, in
direct opposition to the people whom ilre\ repre-
sented, and as tbey conld not pa s it here by the
consutut onal majority, let them go back, and try
if they could pa's it by the people Tms tpriff bill
was evidei *ly never intendi d to be a revenue meas-
ure, but a measure fcr protection, and for i venue
but incidentally; and he prediclei that that bill, if
it should be adoited, would not raise as much lev
enue as the 20 per cent, system. He thai pro-
ceeded to make some remarks m refererce to the
gentleman from Mass chusetb, ["«tr Adams,] i n a
report made in 1823, by Mr. Jarvi«, and ihen spokf
of the outcry against Executive dictation and am-
b  ion, and denied their right to ltnpu e motives to
the President
Gentlemen talked of this Governm nt as being
the worst Government in the wond. His col-
league had made a similai dtiUration, and though
the President had saved the people from an odious
law, yet they were piepared here to avow that, if
the arm of an a>sassm was raised to take his life,
they would not mterpo e an arm to save h.ui And
these were the mpn who were endeavonng'o al
ter the Constitution.
But as to the sulj-ct of the tariff bow did the
the bill pa s? Could it be said that u wss sus-
tained by a majority on that 110011 And suppose
the Cons ltut'oi to be amended so as to u't tbe
views of these gentlemen ithad}et to be houn
trial the bill wou d even then btcone 1 la" It
every man had been true to ho rr.nciple^, it never
would have gone to the Pie ident foi L sa..c
tion And he would ask if there was everaii <c
casion when it vas more just and proper that the
Presiient should stand between the people anu
th ir oppiessors, by ihe exorcise of the veto cow«r,
than upon the st bject of improper taxation—r 1
matter who that President might be, or by tibii
parly cho^n"2
But he desired to call th' attention of 'be Hon e
to another circumstance connected with the pas
sage of 'bat bit1, and it was this-that, as far as ft ai
House knew wlii' the voice of the people rtai'v
Was, previous to, and at the ume of, the geserd
elec'ions, they were traitors to Iheir duty, rs re"-
resentirg tint populai voice, which, it wao univer-
sa'ly aimitfd, was favorable to the eoienpr " ise
The great Whig pnr'y were favorable to that ac ,
and if ever it was proper, therefore, for a Presiden
of the United States to exercise the veto power, it
was assuredly in relation to a bill which violated
the provisions of that compromise.
He was not sure that the issue had been fairly
made up; but this ne knew—and it had an impor-
tant bearing upon the question—that as far as in-
telligence had reached them, there was a universal
murmur of discontent against the bill And he
w^uld repeat, that, if ever the President had a right
to exercise his executive function in regard to any
bill, he undoubtedly had in regard to this one. He
was well assured that a lower rate of duties would
ra'se a larger amount of revenue. Then, where-
fore seek to impose nigh duties? They operated
not for the benefit of the artisan, or the laborer,
but for the benefit of 'he capitalist. In matters
of this kind, personal warfare was the poorest
sort of warfare on earth, nay, it was the most
pernicious in which the Repre entatives of a free
people could indulge The Constitution itself bad
raised bulwarks for the protection of American in-
terests; and the true principles of this Government,
I under that Constitution, should be carried out by
every honorable means Hubefto, a liberal con-
struction of that nstrument had prevailed, butnow,
in determining upon its construction, 1'became ne-
cesvary to wage war against the instrument itself.
The one-man power, as it was called, was decried
and denounced, and gentlemen talked about in-
structions and dication So far as he w is concern-
ed, he threw to the winds all such imputations He
tit ired no decep ion to be practised There were
certain pnnciples which he believed to be most
conduc ve to ihe general good: if odiers thought dif-
ferently 1-t thtm enler f> 11 í / the field of conflict,
and go belore ihe people, .nd submit the matter to
their decision
Antttiir reinatk had been made, to which he
wi hed to reply It had been asseit d that the
President w«is ¡-educed by the Democratic papy
m'o aclin  as he had done. He knew nothing
about a bargain or contract between the President
anl any porty, bat this be would say—he cared
not «ho w"i the President, or by what party e'ect-
ed, he, for one, «as not prepared to vilify and
abuse hi>n lor the exereise of a constitutional
po<ver He would go further. He would say
that, while the act was 11 consonance with what
he believed to be the true interests of the country,
he, for one, wis fully prepared to give it hi? sanc-
'ion.
The hour having expired, Mr GRANGER rose
for the purpose of calling the a'tention of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] 'o a publication
in the National intelligencer, and upon th  gen-
tleman's an-wer would depend the fact as lo
whether he (Mr Giunqer) would feel it necessary
to address the Hou'-e, bu', as he did not observe
the gentleman at t is moment m hi  place, he
wou.d waive the sub/ct. And, as he believed the
interests of the country required  that, msiead of
I protracting the discussion of this quest on, they
should put 'nemselves 11 a situation to act, he
would now move the p*ev o<is question.
Mr   ADAMS said he believed  it would be ac-
I knowledg d by the Hous<> l.-t he had reason for
desiring to have i*n opr'0 lenity tosiy a few words;
I but he would retrain a'toge her, and leave the
qui stun to be takpn at once.
I       Mr. A V. BROWN called  for tae yeas and
I    navs, whicn were 0 tiered
I       O 1 taking the question, the y cas w ere 14, and th 
I   najs 140
Í       Si the motion for reconsideration w-" rejec ed.
Mr FILL" ORE u o-ved that the Mandi'g com-
I    wit'ecs b" calWl < a to    ep*itc.
Mr PROFFÍT hop d i-ct We have, said he,
got moo l b'i 'eusal eady.
Mr AD \MS move \ u tsk  up ihe repon of the
select c jiim'tle  on ihe President's pxdo "10a of
h's r'a o     t r signing the apportionment bill.
The SPEAKER sa d il.jt ihe tnouoi. was not m
(""•del, 'he report not being m the business of the
I   morning luur
Mr   TALIAFERRO suggested  that there were
so*ne bills irom ih Senate tí at ouah' to be tcted on.
The SPEAKER declared that the rrguisr order
of bustress was the reception of reports iiom stand-
ing and select eomnutiees.
