CONGRESSIONAL &L.OBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
---------WEEKLY---------
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 24, 1842.
Volume ll'---No. 58
IN SENATE.
Friday-, August 19, 1842
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ata a communication fr m the Navy Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 5th nit, a report of the experiments
on the second invention of Captain Easton, to
prevent the explosion of steam-boilers; which was
ordered to he on tbe table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. BAGBY 500 copies additional
cf the report on the first invention of Captain
Easton were ordered to be printed
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported adversely to the passage of several House
bills; and reported back, with an amendment, an-
other bill from the House, (the tules of which were
not heard )
Mr B , from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of a number of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that provision, by
pensionToe made for tnose officers and soldiers
wbo served under General Wayne
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
Was understood to have reported back, with an
amendment, House biU making provision for the
buildiüg of a penitentiary in Iowa Territory
On motion of Mr WALKER, the bill from the
House entitled An act to confirm the sales of pub-
lic lands in certain cases, was taken up as m com-
mittee of the whole. The amendment from the
Committee on Public Lands, adding a second section
to the bill, to guard against irauds, was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, read the
third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BATES, the Senate agreed to
go into the consideration of the bills on the calen-
dar reported by the Pension Committee; when the
following were considered as in committee of the
whole, reported to the Senate, and finally passed,
Viz:
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Je-
hosaphat Briggs.
The bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons.
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Eliza-
beth Gibbs, and
House bill entitled An act for the relief of Chris-
tiana Low.
House bill entitled An act authorizing the pay-
ment of the seven years' half-pav due on account
of the revolutionary services of Captain William
Kelly, was taken up, on an adverse report of ihe
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, aad indef-
initely postponed
THE ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. PRESTON moved to take up the resolu-
tion ot the Hou e, fixing Monday next as the day
fpr the adjournment sine die of the present session
of Congress,
Mr. BUCHANAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
After a few remarks by Messrs BATES and
RIVES on the impropriety of calling up the res-
olution at that time,
Mr. PRESTON said, as at present advised, he
was not disposed to second the resolution of the
Ho ise, and he therefore wiihdrew the motion
On motion of Mr RIVES, (the hour cf 114
having arrived,) the Senate proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business, and spent the
remainder oí the day thereon
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Friday, August 19, 1842
Mr BIDLACK ro e to make a remark m rela-
tion to a portion of the proceedings of yesterday.
It would be remembered that Ihe gent'eman
from Maryland [Mr. Wm C Jihnson] had pre-
sented several memorials purporting to come from
Pennsylvania, in favor of thai gei-tleman's project
for tbe assumption and payment of the State debts.
Mr. Bidlack feit it to be his duty to state that, in
his opinion, the gentleman from Maryland hid
been imposed on, except so far as it regarded the
first petition presented, which, no doubt, was genu-
ine; and Mr. B. had so informed the honorable
member, who, he regretted, was not nowin his seat.
But the others—and especially the one which was
so particulatly mentioned in the report of yester-
day 'o proceedings—was, in the opinion of Mr. B ,
not genuine, although he had no doubt the gentle-
man from Maryland supposed it was.
Mr. JONES of Virginia, on leave granted, pre-
sented the report and resolutions adopted by a pub-
lic meeting of the people of Amelia county, Vir-
ginia, on the 28th day of July, 1842, opposed to
a tariff for protection.
Mr. Jones said the report and resolutions re-
monstrated, in urong and forcible tetms, against a
tariff for protection, as unequal in its operation,
unjust in principle, and ruinous to the great agri-
cultural and commercial interests of the country.
They also remonstrated against any legislation on
the part of Congress, which should abstract the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands from Ihe
national treasury, and relied upon the act of 1833
as tbe result of a compromise, yielding a revenue
adequate to the wants of the Government economi-
cally administered.
The report and lesolutions were laid on the
table
Mr. BARTON, on leave, offered a resolution
directing the Secretary of War to communicate to
the House a copy of his order to tbe military ^n-
penntendents at the Harper's Ferry and Springfield
armories, respectively, for discharging the bands
and closing the shops of those armories, with his
reasons for giving such an order.    Adopted.
Mr. GENTRY submitted a resolution (which
was considered and adopted) directing theClsrk of
the House to allow to Fendall Cam, who has been
acting as one of the pages of the House, the same
compensation a^ is paid to the other pages
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina asked
leave to offer the following resolution, which was
read for information:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be m
structed to report a h\\\ forthwith to provide by law for the
collection of duties under the existing tariff, to impose duties of
20 per cent ad valorem on the impoitali in of tea and corlee,
and to levy an excise of— percent ad valorem on themanufac
ture or saleof gold and silver ware, and other aitides of use
oi ornament in which gold or silver is a component part
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
to authorize the imposition of a tax oi excise on gold or silver
in com, m the oie, in bullion, b irs, or in any unmanufactuied
state
Objections being made to the reception of the
resolution—
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to suspend the rules,
but the motion was not carried
Mr. EVERETT asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution, which was read for information:
Resolved, That, in the present emergency, it is expedient to
pass and that the Committee of Ways and Means be instructed
forthwith to report, the following bill
A BILL to provide revenue from imports
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Represent
atives of the United Stales, of America in Congress as
sembled That from and after the passage of this act, the same
duties upon imports shall be levied, collected and paid under
the same laws, rules, and legulations, which weie levied, col
lected, and paid on the 1st day of January 1840, unler the pro
visnnsoftheact approved2l March, 1833 entitled "An act to
modify the act of the 14th July, 1832 and all othei acts impo
smrf duties on imports," except that the said duties shall be
paid in cash And P7 ovided, fui ther That m all cases where
specific duties were imposed upon imports pi lor to the passage
of the said act, it shall be the duty of the Secretaiy of the
Treasuiy to ascertain the average rate of duty which was col
lected upon each of the said articles throughout the year 1839,
and such average rate of duty shall heieaftei be levied, collecied,
and paid as a specific duty upon the importation of the said ar
tides, inthesamemannei as if such respective specific dunes
were respectively imposed by this act
asa 2 And be it further enacted, That on the importation
of all the articles made subiect to a duty of 20 per cent ad valo
rem under the provisions of the act entitled "An act relating >o
duties and drawbacks " approved September Uth 1841 there
shall herealter be levied, collected and paid, a ttu'y of 30 pel
cent ad valorem, except upon railroad iron which bhall be
subject to the same rate of duty as bar or bolt iron of similai
manufacture undet the first section of this act, but nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to del ™ve any State 01
incorporated company, which shall have imported railroad iron
prior to the 3d day of Match next of the benefits and advantages
secured to them respectively by the proviso to the 5th section of
the said act relating to duties and drawbacks.
Objections being made—
Mr EVERETT moved.to suspend the rules;
and the question being taken on that motion, re-
sulted in—veas 81, nays 105
YEAS—Messrs Appleton, Aycrigg, Baker, Bar-
ton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Blair, Borden,
Charles Brown, John C. Claik, Clinton, Cowen,
Cranaon, Ctching, Rtehsrd D. Davii, Dean, Eg-
bert, Eieiett, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd,
Gerry, Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode, Gordon, Gus-
line, Hail, Halsted, Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Hud-
ion, Hunt, Charles J lnger«oll, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, James Irvia, William W. Irwin, Keim,
Robert McClellan, Mallory, Thomas F. Mar-
shall, Mattocks, Maxwell, Miller, Moore, Mor-
ris, Newhard, Osborne, Parmenter, Pearce,
Plumer, Pope, Proffit, Benjamin Randall, Ran-
dolph, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Wil-
liam Russell, Salionstall, Sanford Truman Smith,
Stanly, Steenrod, Siratton, John T. Stuart, Talia-
ferro, Tillmshast, Toland, Tomltnson, Trumbull,
Van Rensselaer, Weller, Edward D. Whi'e,
Thomas W. Williams, James W Williams, Jo-
seph L Williams, Wise, Yerke, and Augustus
Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landaff W.
Andrews, Sherlock J Andrews Arnold, Arnngton,
Atrerton, Babcock, Barnard, Black, Botts, Boyd,
Brockway, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Jere-
miah Brown, Burke, Bumell, Green W. Caldwell,
Patrick C. Caldwell, Tbomas J Campbell, Ca-
ruthers, Cary, Casey, Childs, Chittenden, Clifford,
Coles, J.nmes Cooper, Cravens, Cross, Dame',
Garrett Davis, Doan, John Edwards, John C.
Edwards, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gamble, Gentry,
Gidding-., Gog«in, William O Goode, Graham,
Granger, Green, Gwm, Habersham, Holmes,
Houston, Howard, Hubard, Hunter, William Cost
Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones, John P.
Kennedy, King, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield,
Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKennan, Mc-
Keon, Samson Mason, John Thomson Mason,
Malhiot, Mathews, Maynard, Medil), Mitchell,
Morgan, Morrow, Owsley, Payne, Pendleton,
Powell, Ramsey, Alexander Randall, Rhett, Ridg-
way, Rodney, Roosevelt, James M Russell, Saun-
ders, Shaw, Shields, William Smith, Sailers Alex-
ander H H. Stuart, Summers, Sumter, John B.
Thompson, Richard W.Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Triple , Turney, Underwood, Wallace, War-
ren, Washington Joseph L White, Christopher
H. Williams, and Wood—105.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL rose to offer
a resolution from ibe Committee on the Judiciary,
and, if any objections should be made, he would
move (or a suspension of the rules. The resolu-
tion provided for the introduction of the bill offer-
ed by him the other day, altered so as to take the
duties of 1840, and also, with a limitation, added
by himself, to two years.
Mr. BOTTS and others objected.
Mr. INGERSOLL inquired whether he could
move to go into the Committee of the Whole with-
out suspension, and, on being answered in the affir-
mative, submitted a motion to that effect.
Mr. BARNARD said thai, as a member of the
Judiciary Committee, he objected to that resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER informed him that the gentle-
man from Pen^ylvan'a had varied his motion, and
moved to so into Committee of ihe Whole.
Mr INGERSOLL said lhat, if his motion pre-
vailed, and tne House went into Committee of the
Whole, he should move to take up the bill intro-
duced Ly the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to supply a temporary defect or failure in the
Uw to collect revenues from imports, and that mo-
tion prevailing, Le should then move to aaend it
by substitut ng the bill offered by him the other
day, with the modifications he had just indicated.
Mr. ARNOLD gave notice that, if the House
went into Committee of the Whole, he should move
to take up his retrenchment bill.   [Laughter ]
