814
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN asked if the motion
Made by Jam >e£tertíay. to suspend the ruler, was
Hot the first i  oider. He had asked the Chair,
pending the motion for adiournment yesterday
evening, if his motion would not be the first in or-
der this morning, and was answered in the affirma-
tive. He would now modify his motion so as to
more to go in'o Committee of the Whole, for the
purpose of considering the bill returned by the
President with his objections, with the exception of
the clause repealing the proviso in the distribution
JHSti
The SPEAKER overruled the motion.
Mr. IRWIN moved a suspension of the Tules.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked for the yeas and
nxys; and they were ordered, and resulted as fol-
lows—yeas 98, nays 84, as follows
Yeas—Messrs. Atherton, Baker, Barton, Beeson,
Bidlack, Blair, Borden, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown,
Charles Brown, Burke, Burnell, William O. Butler,
Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbell, Gary, John
C. Clark, C'ifford, Clinton, Cowen, Cranston, Cross,
Cushing, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Doan, Doig, John
C. Edwards, Egbert, Everett, John G. Floyd, Gerry,
Giddings, Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode, Gordon, Gus-
tine, Gwin, Hall, Halsted, Hams, Hastings, Hays,
Hopkins, Houck, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Inger-
soll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W.
Irwin, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield, Abra-
ham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKen-
nan, Mallory, Thomas F. Marshall, John T. Mason,
Mathews, Mattocks, Aledill, Miller, Mitchell, Mor-
ris, Newhard, Osborne, Parmenter, Plumer, Pope,
Proffit, Alexander Randall, Read, Reding, Rej nolds,
Riggs, Wilham Russell, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw,
Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Steenrod, Taliaferro, Jacob
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Turney, Weller,
Edward D. White, Thomas W. Williams, James
W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, and A.
Young—98.
Nats—Messrs. Adams, Allen, L. W. Andrews,
S.J. Andrews, Arnold,"Arnngton, Aycngg, Bab-
cock, Barnard, Birdseye, Black, Boardman, Botts,
Brockway, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Green
W. Caldwell, Calhoun, Wm. B. Campbell, T. J.
Campbell, Caruthcrs, Casey, Childs, Chittenden,
Coles, Crai ens, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
John Edwards, Fillmore, Gamble, Gentry, Goggin,
William O. Goode, Graham, Granger, Green, Hab-
ersham, Holmes, Houston, Howard, Hubard, Wil-
liam Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, John P. Ken-
nedy, King, Lane, Lewis, Lmn, McKeon, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, Moore, Morgan, Morrow,
Owsley, Payne, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey,
Ridgway, Rodney, Roosevelt, James M. Russell,
Saltonstall, William Smith, Stanly, Stratton, A. H.
H. Stuart, John. T. Stuart, Summers, Sumter, John
B. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Triplett,
Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren,
Washington, and Christopher H. Williams—84.
The HoBse then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. J. R. Ingbrsoll in the chair)
The CHAIRMAN stated that, when the House
was last in committee, the bill under consideration
was the navy pension bill.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to lay that aside; but
the Chairman recognised
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL, who moved
to lay aside that bill, that the committee might
take up bill No. 547, [Mr. Barnard's bill ] emi-
tted "A bill to supply a temporary defect or fail-
ure in the laws relating to the collection of duties
on imporK"
Mr. WARREN (amidst much confusion) asked
if that motif n was in order.
Mr. WISE hoped the Chairman would not allow
any bus'nts^ to be done until members bad taken
their  eats, and iney could learn what they were
doing.
TheCBAIRMAN thei put Mr. C.  J. Incer-
fOLL'S moimn.
Mr. LINN called for tellers, abd M «r«. Link-
and Roosevelt were appointed; and the vot^ hav-
ing been taken, they reponed 99 m the affitma-
tive, and 53 in the n<*gauve.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then moved  that the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
committee take up the bill which he had desig-
nated.
Mr. WISE s-a'd that was included in the motion
which had just be en earned.
The CHAIRMAN said he did not so under-
stand it.
[The exci'ement and confusion were very great
throughout the House ]
The Clerk read the title of the bill as givn
above; and tellers were called for on that que-lion,
and Messrs Weller and Kins were appoin'ed.
Mr. WARREN rose and said: Mr. Chairman,
I give notice that I shall—(here the gentleman's
vciee was drowned m a tremendous cry of "order,
order ")
The tellers then took the vole, and reported 91
in the affirmative|and 53 in ths negative.
The bill was tbf refore taken up.
Tr.e Clerk readf ihe bill through all its sections,
as follows:           '
1   That upon all gi|ods and merchandise which have been
imponed mto the tlni^eJ States since the 30th day of June last,
or sha]¡ te impoi ted between that day and the day when any
act wh ch may be passed at the present session of Oongiess,
impo&ing duties on imports, shall become a law, and go into
opeiatiort, and which goods, wares, and merchandise would
have been subject to any duty upon their importation, by laws
then existing, n they b&l been^imported at any time between
the lot and 30th day of Jjine last, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on such as woiild halve been subject by such laws to a
duty of 20 per cent ad Valorfem, or more, a duty or tax of 20
per cent ad valorem, and on such as would have been subject,
by such laws, to a duty éf le%s than 20 pel cent ad valorem, a
duty oi tax in every case equjil to the duty to which they would
have been subject by «itch law*
2   1 hat all laws existing asd in force on the 1st day of June,
imposing duties on imports, jam] providing lor the collection of
siu-h duties, and all provisions in such laws, or any of them, m
* egarB to the payment of duties m cash, or the allowance of
credits m regard to the keerang of goods m public stores, m re-
gaid to appiaiseiinnts, aiap the duty of appraisers, collectors,
and oiher officeis, m regard to discriminations, m regard to
di aw backs, in reg8rd to pains, penalties, and forfeituresfand m
resard to alt other matters and things embraced m such laws
and provisions, shall, so far as the same arc or may be applica-
ble, and can be applied to this act, as an act for imposing arid
collecting a duty, oi tax, on imported goods, wares, and mer-
chandise, be deemed, and taken to be, and shall be in force (or
the c dlecion of the duty or tax imposed by this act, as fully
and effectually as if every regulation, restriction, penalty, for-
feiture, provision, clause, matter, and thing m the laws afore-
sud, were inserted in, and re enacted by, this act, but the
same shall not be deemed to be levivedandm foice, by any-
thing in this act con'amed, for any other purpose, and to any
other eiKxt whatever
3   Tha< in all ca«es of goods, waies, and merchandise, on
which a duty or ta\ is imposed by this act, and upon which,
on their importation, duties have been or sha'l be paid, under
law=> supposed to be in foice foi the imp isition and collection
of duties on imports, since the 30th of June last, and which
pa>mints of duties have been or shall he made under protest,
it shall be lawful for the respective col'ectors, or other officers
of ti e customs having the matter m charge, (retaining so much
of such duties paid as aforesaid under protest, as will satisfy
the duty or tax imposed by this act,) to remit and pay over the
excess, if any, to the person or peisonsclaiming and entitled
thereto
Mess's. MeKENNAN, W. W. IRWIN, and
C J. INGERáOLL, with many others, attempttd
to get the floor; and as the Chairman recognised
"the gentleman from Pennsylvania," each of the
Pinnsylvama gentlemen above named retained the
floor
The Chairman gave the floor to
Mr. W. W. IRWIN, who yielded it to
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL, who moved to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing as a subs'itute:
A. BILL to provide revenue from impoits
Be it enacted, #c , That from and after the passage of this
act, the same duties upon imports shall be levied, collected, and
paid, under the same laws, rules, and regulations, which were
levied, collected, and paid the 1st day of January, 1840, urder the
pi ovisions of the ac appioved 2d March, 1833, entitled "An act
tu modify the act oí 14th January, 1832, and all other acts
imposing duues on imports," except that ths said duties shall
bo paid in cash And promded, further,That mall caseswhere
specific duties were imposed upon imports puor to the passage
of the said act, it shall be the duty of the Secretary oí the Treasu-
ry to ascertain ihe average rate of duty which was collected
upon each of the said articles throughout the year 1840, and
su< ii average late of duty shall hereafter be levied, collected,
and paid, as a specific duty upon the importation of the said
ameles, in the same manner as if such respective specificduties
were respectively imposed by this act
Sec 2 And be it further enacted, That, on the importa-
tion of all the articles made subject to a duty of 20 per cent ad
valorem, under the provisions of the act entitled "An act re
latins to duties and drawbacks," approved September llih,
1841, theie shall hereafter be levied, collected, and paid, a duty
of 30 percent ad valoiem, except upon railroad iron, which
sha'l be subject to the same rate of duty as bar or bolt iron, of
-umilar manumitiré, under the 1st section of this act, but noth
log heiem contained shall be so construed as to deprive anv
Stale or incorporated company, which shall have imported
rai.road iron prior to the 3d day of March next, of the benefits
ami advantages seemed to them respectively by the proviso to
the 5th section of the said act relating to the duties aad draw-
backs.
Seo 3 And be it further enacted, That this law shall be
in forco foi and during two years from the day of its becoming
a law, and no longei.
Mr. KING ro.--e, amidst much confusion, and
said: Mr. Chairman, we cannot hear a word that
is going on; there is so much confusion.
Mr. SAMSON MASON. Hats off— down in
front.
Tne CHAIRMAN, having obtained compara-
tive order, stated the question to be on striking out
and inserting.
Mr. BARNARD said, before the motion was
put, he supposed it would be in order to amend Ihe
original bill, with a view to perfect it. He had
several amendments which he wished to offer.
The CHAIRMAN decided that such amend-
ments would be hrstm order.
' Mr. BARNARD moved to amend ths second
sec'ion, by adding a clause merely precautionary,
to provide that nothing in that act conlatned shall
te regarded as sanctioning at any time hereafter,
or as authorizing, the application of that section to
cases wheie a penalty may have been imposed
by law.    His amendment was in these words:
Nor shall anything in this act contained be construed to in-
flict any fine, punishment, or forfeiture, for any act, omission,
or occurrence whatever, on any person who was not liable to
such fine, punishment, or forfeiture, by any law of tilp land ex-
isting at the time of such omission, occunence, or forfeiture.
He apprehended there would be no objec'ion to
that amendment.
Mr. ADAMS wished the gentleman to explain
the nec>ssity for this amendment.
Mr. BARNARD said it wou'd be recollected
that this bill was reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee to supp!y the defect in ihe revenue laws,
which expired by their own limitation on the 30th
June. Th's bill proposed to reach imports which
had been introduced into the conntry since the 1st
of July, to extend to the time .when some perma-
nent revenue law should be enacted by Congress.
It was retroactive in its operation. It went back
betond the date of is enactment, and reached
transactions which bad been a ready transacted.
It proposed to lay a duty, or tüx, as he supposed it
to have exis'ed on ¡he 30th of June. Now, ai an
act of legislation affecting past transactions, he
supposed ¡t to be competent in Congress to pass it
into a law It was retroactive; but it affected civil,
pnd not criminal transactions. The object of the
second section was !o revive the laws by which
Congress nad regula'ed the collection of dunes on
impoKs. In ihtse luws ihere were a great variety
of penalties; and it had occurred to him, after that
section was drawn, (very full and explicit as it was,)
that some one might make it retroactive as to the
penaltes and puBi'hmcnt to be inflicted by the
laws it sought to revive. That he held to be un-
(.or-siilutiona!; for the Constitution prohibited the
enactment of any ex post facto law. Th's,
however, did not apply to civil tran'action ;
though he agreed that its spirit had been ob-
served as to civil transactions also, and such
laws had not been allowed to touch any one to
ihcir injury. But he denied that any one would
be injured by tms act. What were the facts?
Why, imports had been introduced into the country
since the 1st day of July, by importers who could
not'land them on our shores, under existing laws,
without a permti; atsd the act of 1833, known as
Ihe compromise act—Ihough, in his opinion, and the
opinion of a majority of the Judiciary Committee,
and many oiher persons, that law imposing duties
had expired by Us o«n limitation; so that, from the
30th ot June there was no law for the collection of
importe Yet, that act of 1833 did give notice to all
the world that duties should be imposed on imports,
to take effrct from and after the 30th June, at a rate
not exceeding 20 per cent. It was ihe express di-
rection of the act lhat there should be such an
enactment of law; the only difficulty being, that (he
law could not execute itself, but required further
legslatton. Now, all this bill required was, that
iney should go back and reach past importations,
and lhat the goods should be subjected to duty not
exceeding 20 per cent. It proposed to supply an
existing defect in ihe laws; and its not having been
applied, did not, in his opinion, excuse the importer
of goods, from the payment of duties: they had in-
troduced them, expecting to pay duties; and they
