CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             91 lí
did pay them to (he amount of 20 per cent., though
they paid them under protest, and they sold them
with the duties added, to enhance the price to the
purchaser. It was but an act of justice to the
treasury that it should be so. And now, as to his
amendment which he had introduced: it was in-
tended to cut off the possibility of any fine, or pun-
ishment, or penalty, being inflicted by an far post
faeco law, which, in his opinion, was clearly un-
constitutional
Mr C. J. INGERSOLL here intimated that, in-
stead of a substitute, he would modify his motion
so as to make bis bill an addition to the bill oí the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. ADAMS said th-s bill, by its title, was a
bill to supply a temporary delect or failure in ihe
laws relating te the collection of revenue, and
what was that defect? As he understood, on ihe
30th of June all the laws for the collection of rev-
enue by duties on imports ceased and determined,
and from that day no duties on imports could be
collected by authority of law. The President,
however, proceeded to levy taxes, and he had al-
ready said to that House that it presented a case
precisely similar to that of "¿hip money" found in
English hislory, when the King oí England under
took to collect money from the people, for the pur-
pose of building ships for the establishment of a
navy. Under such a state of thing*;, taxes had
been levied on the people of the United Stites since
the 30th of Jure. Now, the title of the bill reported
by the Judiciary Committee of this House had not
been con'radicted by any member, that he knew of;
and, without any protest, the bill had, so far, been
before the House.
He objected to the bill, because be considered it
ex post facto in its civil and criminal operation
The President was now levying money without
law, and this bill was to go belore the juries of ihe
country, and the Supreme Court, in justification
or excuse of his conduct. He referred to the fact,
that the House had been charged with ignominious
cowardice in declining to impeach the Prebident;
and remarked that it was always very safe to dare
persons to do that which it was known they would
not do.
The question wou'd have to come before the
Supreme Court. For his own part, he considered
that there was no authonty to levy duties He re-
ferred to the fact, that eight out of twelve judges
in England bad decided in favor of the King, m a
similar ca^e, from necessity. Perhaps (he argued)
the Supreme Court of the United States would de-
cide in favor of the President for a like reason—
from necessity—when there was no law. If, how-
ever, the Supreme Court should decide against the
Government, it would become the duty of the
Government to return the money paid m by the
merchants, and to indemnify them. Then, it
would become a quesuou whether it was not a
high crime on the part of the President to levy the
duties collected by his officers. Then, too, he im-
agined, there would not be such talk about the
want of courage to impeach.
He expressed it as his ©pinion that Congress
should not paso any tariff law The tariff qu s
tion, he thought, was now on the best footing.
There could not be found a majorit) in both Houses
in favor of a better than that now m operation
The revenue got more from the present tariff, than
it would from any which they could pats Indeed, he
was inclined to suspect that Souihern gentlemen
were in favor of cutting it down still lower His
colleague [Mr. Cushing] had publ shed a speech,
in which the tariff was arra>ed against distribution,
and m favor of taking oft the tax on tea and coffee
It was a very good speech for Lowell, but how
would it do for Alb marle, Virginia, or Beaufort,
South Carolina? He argued that the more jou
took out of the tariff bill from the tax on tea and
coffee, the more it became a protective, and the less
a revenue measure.
He referred to the doctrine held by the Presi-
dent on the subject of protection The President
declared himselt opoosed to protection directly,
but was liberal enough toward incidental pro-
tection. Now, he argued, this doctrine was in
©onflict with a resolution passed by the House on
the 12th December, 1838, one of a series of resolu-
tions on the powers of Congress.   It read-
"Resolved, That Congress has no power to do indirectly,
what it cannot do directly "
Yet, the President says, though you cannot pro-
tect directly, you may do it ¡ndirtcil)—"inciden-
tally."
He continued his rernarus m opposition to the
bill, basing his chief objection to u on the ground
that it was an ex post facto criminal la#.
Mr. PROFFIT next addressed th" committee
He iaid that the Committee on the Judiciary had
done their duty, and he ?ave mem credit, ard as-
sured them that they should have his aid He
was pleased to see the disposition manifested by the
moderate men in the Hoase to settle this question
A large portion of the Democratic paity, and tome
of the Whigs, had so voted He hoped that noth-
ing which he had said would induce them to swerve
fiom the course they had adopted
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Ad
ams] had voted against taking up the bill ( f the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr C J Inger-
soil,] and had made a speech against the Presi-
dent and hi- colleague—thinking, no doubt, that he
could draw forth a reply from some of the friends
of the Administration. The gentleman would,
however, find that he could not get any friend of
the Administration to b*ndy epithets wnh him
The country was wailing for something to be done
—the Senate v. as waiting for a tariff bill—the anx
lety for an adjournment was increasing, jet tne
gentleman from Massacbuset's was tryina to rus-e
up a party feeling, appealing to the Wist and to
the South, and, to cap the climax d?clunng that no
tanffbill ought to pass Let the declar ition go
fonh to the country' Lpt the gentleman from
Ma-sachu-setts [Mr Cu king] HI the peoo e of
his S ate that the gray-h&rcu 'atticr of their d li-
gation says that no tariff ou?> t to be p se\ ma*
there are now no laws for ihe collection of reve-
nue, and that none should be pa 'el' Lit it bo
known that the gentleman, whilst declaring that
no laws existed, voted against every pionosUioa of
the Democratic party, or of the Administration par-
ty, and would go for ro measure wlatevei '
After <ome further rrmaiks from Mr P.,
Mr CUSHING addressed the comirittee in re-
ply to his colleague [Mr Adam> ] He regarded
the question before the Hcu>e as a plain ho-r>e-
spun matter of busmen, vhieh might oe settled
without difficulty Instead of discus 'iig ti e mat-
ter in hand, his colleague h-ul made an inflamma-
tory harangue to Ihe country, dec'armg that no
revenue laws exikted, and attempting to prejudice
the country in favor of his views, and against the
judiciary, who had to decide the question Not
arguing the matter, but presuming that th re
were ho revenue laws—upon that assumption hi<?
co'league proceeded to comment upon what course
would be adopted by the Supreme Cour..
Mr C. demed tha* there v as any set of Con-
gress which operated as a constructive repeal of
the act of 1832, and he chai enged any gentleman
to point it out. It was all an assumpaon, ard
nothing but an assumption, on the p-rt of his et 1-
league, and he based that assumption on authority.
What wa  that authority' Why, that it was the
opinion of the member's of the Judiciary Commit
tee that it operated as a constiuctive repeal of the
act of 1832 The chairm?n and om° or tí e mem-
bers of ibat committee had ?s uned ihat there
was now no law for the collecting of icvenoe
Now, with all due respect for the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, he would «ay that it was not
for him to leeide ques'ions of 1 w for thecountrv,
and he would add, that this hot bed for furious
poli ical pas«ions [the House] was the las1 place
to decide such questions He knew thpt gen-
tleman of the bar, of as high legal atUirmen s
as any on that flooi, believed that ¡he present laws
were all-sufficient to collect duu s undei Ihe
Attorney General, the constituted law officer oí
the Government, had given the same opinen, ?nd
the President, acting m conformity with it, had
gone on to collect the duties imposed by the pres-
ent laws. For this his colleague, indulging in fu-
rious and bitter denunciation, had charged htm
with being guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors,
with levyirg du íes without authority of law, and
for collecting ship money after the manner of
Charles the First. Would his colleague, when he
was in the Presidential chair, agree that, for acting
in accordance with the opinions of his Attorney
Genera', he was hab e to impeachment? How,
said Mr. C , let us reverse the picture. He had,
for some time, seen a proclivity there to raise ques-
tions against the Executive, and to charge tarn
with usurping powers that did not belong to him.
He v as bound to execute the laws of the country,
aid w^s lurmshed with a law officer, whose duty
it was to in erprct tne lawi lor him. He would
suppose that bai effisf r u'd him that the present
reve íue la ?- vere sufficient to colket revenue Un-
d^r, bi i it «t he, being of a different opinion, re-
iuse- 'o t lie ihe co^neel ot his law officer, and di-
recs the tevei-d.1 collect rs to open their respective
poi t¡>, and a unit foreign goods duty free. Suip-
pese the Pres den' shculd take this course- what
lurrents o indignation would be poured out by his
colleague on h's be id, 1 o w he would have depicted '
the rum vf the manufacturers and miners of the
country, bow he would have told us that the Presi-
dent oí ihe United Sla'cs, m the indulgence of bis
obstinacy of opinion, had overruled the opinions of
las la  cnicer, and brought mm on the manufac-
turéis of New England. His colleague would
then have iad hat an anti-lanff President, being m
the Executive chair, had seized upon a legal doubt
foi making all the rorts ef the United States free
poits tor tbe Ttroduau n of English manufactures,
to drive rur o " oin of tbe market. That would
have been th" p cture drawn bv his colleague, and
that ti.  language he would have used Away,
t! en, with tbi miserable pretext that the President
of the U'liu i S a es wes col «em s sh p-money (for
su hwjsti,-> «_ ju peot his oil I'ague) to support
hi i. vj ii i  i«u of Chtrle-s ihe First. He
wcudieiu - tue Hi se h^t, il e o nt r dav, when
ih s ubjtrt *as up before toem nis coPeague said
ti at the «ri? ard navy were to be tbe first to
si.fj r ihe "on equ tcs of the embarrassments
b-c-cgrt oi by the executive veto, and he said that
tbe President, in ími'a ion of Charles the First,
was col'ec in', dut es without law to support them.
Ano h< r f ct he told them was, that both Charles
the Fir^t and ihe President were conscientious men;
aim thst the head i f the former was brought to
the block, 1 ce?usf> Ve ob^jed ihe dictates of his
consci-rce. Sir, (said Mr. C) the President is a
conscientious man, and, under the guidance of his
conscience, he has acted id err for muy with the
opinions oi his law efflcer, the A orney General
Mi G ireurred to the point at which he started—
toa', uthj.nd <<ll these topics of political and
passionate d i ion, there was a question oí busi-
ness, ¿rid t I c me them to meet it as business
men It e u ed to be the peculiar ambition
oi bis co league to seek m the publ c mind
for sove ¡aw spoi, and, dedicating himself to the
task oi le lag a a irritating it, and, when the
h gb" t iic'iíiu ot patriotism lold him that they
shoui 1 o til question as business men, what
was i is i ifo ' I istead ot usu g argument* to
enrou ug ihe ¡i ssiigofata iff oill, instead of en-
cou" gi ¿ • i'i lemen who "ere wavering, he con-
juitd \>,< a am m to deter them from voting to
a i!y f eiui for the cou' try He told gentle-
m a of the S uth that, by voting to exempt tea and
coffee from t fatten, a higher ¡ax must neeesban'y
b* laid en rrt c es> of tl ei" consumption He
t r ugh íp the resolutions of the L-gislatnre of
Ma sachise «,  n re atien lo tbe publ c land"!, to
de r then 101 \ o'ipg f r s tariff bill, without
thi d r ho ton ciause When the wounds in the
pi' 11 i iltit bginniD' to heal, he was the
fi < to -*\ nrt th*t wou*d,ard tear open the
auivcn"«rfl i Not orlydid be vote against all
toas oi r¡ tariff himself, bu' he was, for moving
Di^vti «a ci'h to deter and persuade other
rn-uibe's iio"i votrg for one After some further
r r„ rk , fir O asked why should they not vote
fci a awTl Wnat ¿ere the reasons ot his col-
Icaru-? Li tbe e/u'set, his reasons for not acting
on the tanff «ere, that trer-e was to be a trial by
battie, instead of a trial by reaion and argu-
ment. Instead of acting like ca'm, considerate
New Eng'and men, he was for taeir appealing ro th"
!
