•>*.
he did not hear it) that he had been read ou  oi the
Whig church, he begged before he took bib lepait-
ure from that sacred temple, to fast bsck a few
words of adrice to hts colleagues;—not ih it that
advice was worth much in itself—not that it would
have any sort of weight; but because he was
so deeply impressed, aDd so profoun ily convinced
of the truth of the position which he had taken in
relation to this matter, that he could not let the oc-
casion go by, without expressing his views up n it.
Now, the high spiuted Whig partj—or'hat high-
spirited portion of the Whig party, who took the
ground that they would not yield one hair's biead h
to Executive dictation, and who were commit ing
themselves to the policy tney were about to pur-
sue, and were about to cause others to pursue, on
the high principle of pariiamen'ary independen-e
of Executive power—he adjured lo look well to the
position in which the union to which be tad point-
ed would place them, beie and before the country.
Suppose the bill of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia should pass: what became of the principles,
which the majority of the Whig party had been
contending for? Would they go before me coun-
try and the world as a divided party, and ask the
country to discriminate between those who went
with the minority, and these who place themselves
on the higher ground, and refused to yield an inch'!
Did they expect to make a separate cause wuh the
maj'ority before the country, and to succeed? They
were responsible as an entue party; ihey must and
would be judged by the naliin that placed them
there, and armed them with posers to pct,and hpld
responsible as an entire party. Now, if this propo-
sition were carried, how were they situa edi The
proposition of the gentleman from PemsjlvcHi
ontemplaied a raising of duties stove that po nt
at which—ard at wb cha one, by the law they hüd
passed themselves—distribution woJd oense, and
the rest.li of their Wisla'ion «ould b , ihat the
President woulcl havPcru he1 bo'h tr. ncitsof
their system, sorrehow tr other. Tb y would
have lost the land, and they would have lost
the tariff too They «ho had refused to yield
anything, would have clurg to the land, unti.it
was wresied from their grasp, and th«y wen d bo m
the mortifying positicn, that a rcvenu 1 ill wooii
be passed under the direction and acquiescence,
and according to the very will, of the Pres den..
And should they go before the world, and say ih<y
had lost nothing of then honor, under these circum-
stances? Futeen months thty had held power, ard
at the end of that nme they planted themselves on
high abstract principles, and the minority of the
Legislature came m and wrested the cceptrc from
their hands,and legislated, at tl eir - ill and p ensure,
on both of the contested branches—bjth land and
revenue. Would they tell their consti'uen's they
had not surrendered the public lands, not the>?
[laughter,] that they had placed themselves on
the broad platform of that great principle? But
they would also have to say that the minority
had taken the bill in hand; by which ihe public
lands were gone from them, and the tariff was
passed by the opposition in the House. He snould
go back to hit. constituents and say, the lands were
gone; and, as to the bagging and hemp which the
House had adjusted, instead of 5 cents being put
upon it by the majority of that House, ps in ihe
bill which they had parsed, the power ot legislation
was passed over to the opposition there, ar.d they
had brought it down to 2 cents, and left it perfec ly
naked and defenceless And yet there wa¿ danger
of the proposition passing into a law.
But a word or two before he set down, in defenc
ef his own views of this subject; not by way of
pretending to be wiser than others, or of dic'ating
to others;—for, m his conscience, he had ever yte'ded
ground for the sake of union. He hail his prefi r-
ences, and he bad ihem stil', ard fur them he wou'd
assign a reason; but, if he were a recreaut, and an
alien from the party with whom he formerly stocd,
he should not surrender himself to the minority on
that floor. He took the liberty, then, to express, < n
Whig grounds, the opinions he had before indica
ted by his votes in this House, and be took ground,
in the present position of affairs, against adjourning
Corgress without doing something on the subject
pf the revenue.   He took this ground, not as <ub-
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBfi.
mission to executive dictation, but as the discharge
of their d uty to the country, that they might go bark
before the people wnh clear consciences.  He wish-
ed it to be understood, when he pressed his own views
of the matter, that he did  not find fault, nor cast
reproach on the majority of the House f <r pur-
suing thecoerse which they had heretofore pursued.
He  (Mi. Marshall) was not there; (a was his
bu mess and his duty, perhaps, to have been toere;)
'ou' h: skulked from no  responsibility; and if he
liad been there, he did not doubt he should have
ac«dwith the majority.   When the Whig party
came into power—at least, he came so impressed—
so far as he knew anything of the principles of
that   party,   Ihey   planted   themselves   on   ihree
great prmcip'es of national policy One was, to give
to the people a uniform national currency, through
the mean  of a Bank of the United Stales, for the
purpojp,  principally, of rectifying the exchanges.
Anoiher wa , the distribution of the proceeds of the
public  lands amongst the States, in order thereby
to strengthen their credit, and enable them to meet
thetr engagements, for ihe improvements which
they had made, and which, in fact, were national.
The third was, to provide revenue for an exhausted
treasury, and to operate  incidentally for the pro-
tection  of American   industry in all its depart
ments.   Tnose he understood to be the three great
measure • on them he, at least, stood pledged; and
he considered it to be his duty to carry each of
those ihree measures into effect in the best way he
could, without reference to the will or decision
of any oiher person.    He did not consider the
L gislature as depending on  th« Executive; and
h?  considered the Legislature as departing fiom
its duties, whin it stooped to consult ihe Executive,
or anybody else; but he considered—leaving to the
P esident t^e full disc'euonary power w.th ihich
t' e  Constitution armed him—that ihey most do
something before they quitted that place, and leave
to   he Pies.de.it not only his discretion, but his
responsibilities    Now, suppce they haü connec -
ed a bank with dis ribution  and revenue in one
bill, and the President had vetoed thaibil!,and Mated
that the combination of those measures ma tariff bul
W". injuriousm Usnatuie, and they fad presented
h m those measures >mgly: he might, undei other
cneumsunces, have signed part, and vetoed olheis
Suppo-e   he   had   taken   that  course;  could  tl ey
then have gone before the country on an issue of
this sort, and submitted it as an abuse of the veto
power''    They passed their bank bill by itself, and
be m'ght venture  to suggest that the  bank, as a
great fi cal agent or instrument, might as well be
connected with a revenue measure, as a bill for the
distribution of Ihe proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands; and it would be difficult to show, bv any
reasoning, ihat the giving away of money out of
the tnasury was a par! of the revende system, and
therefore was naturally associated with it.   Now,
he meant to censure nobody for tha connexion
c* those r/easures; for, if he had been there, he
had  no doubt   he  should  have  voted wi h the
majority,  and  have   joined  in  doing so in the
hope   that,   Ihough    the   President   might   have
private otjicnons to the distribution of the pío
ceeds of ihe public lands; Vf.t, when sen' lo him
by the Legislatuie, armed with the power ihat that
was, he would have yielded, and s gned the bid.
But he had not chosen to do so, and he hid ihr< wn
the  bul  upon  th m.  a">d what  were  tlse> to do,
under ihe circomsiarices?   Tne p'oposi ion came
ut> from a gentleman from  Pennsylvania, m favor
oí which he w.sbifd his na.ne to be recorded, it was
a  an amendment or substitute for the propo=i ion   .
of another gentleman to <tnke out the 27th section,
and 'end the President the bill parsed by ihe ma-
jority of this House, by wh ch it was arranged and
adjusteu, after months of labor.    He  wished that
measure to be sent as a distinct revenue bill, and see
if the President would sign it as a simple revenue
measure,  or whether he  wou d  inquire  intihow
much revenue they could or would  raise,   nd
whether he wou'd engage lo cut down the revenue
which the House might adopt, and  to which the
Senate m'ght conform     He (Mr. M ) was for per-
mitting him to take that responsibility ; and he
should then return to a people who were attached
and deeply interested m the question, of the disin- I
él*
.i           i       i     i    ■'  i "ií-1illrf[       i "un ii in i.    .        i       i i                         .
button of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands, with the conviction that he had done his
duty. But if he returned to them without a tariff—
or, if with a tariff, wuh one that opt rated against
them—what should he say?   If they told him, Yon.
have not given us a bank, he could leply, Did we
not pass one,  and the President vetoel it?    If
they sa'd, You have not given us the distribution
of the proceda of the public land ; he would re-
p y, We passed a bill, but the P.esident veteed it. If
they lLquned why they had  not got ¡t tariff, he
could answer, why, he vetoed that too.   But if tbey
persisted in connecting those measure*, what cauld
be say? and what wou d the world thinU?    And it
might be asked, How came the public lands in that
fix in which they were when  that bill was passed?
They   had  parsed  a bill   distnbutirg  the  public
lands, in which there was a proviso, concurred in
by this House.    He voted  wuh  the majority on
that occasion, against his will, and ha admitted that
he would have preferred to have «;ent this laet great
measure   of   the tariff to  the   President of  the
United   States in a simple, unmixed state, and
see whether he  would have sent it back.    Gen-
tlemen might ask if he would do so   and favor
the giving up of ths public lands    He replied, if
he could,  by his action there, make tbem perma-
nent, and invent them m the States, he did not
transcend the truth when he said that he would die
on the floor before he would yield.    But did they
suppose, if the proposition of the gentleman from
New York should  prevail, amended as was pro-
pi std by the gent'eman  from f'enrsylvama, [Mr.
C J. Inoeksoll,] that they should retain the dis-
tribution of the pub'ic liinds?    Did v not depend
on cucu-nstances hereafter, over wh eh they had
noiontrol?   Let ihe other pany come into po^er,
andr,ise th" duips but  one cent over the 20 psr
cent , and distribution  was a.  ^n  end.    It was a
question, then, of yield or nr t yield    If, by break-
ing up now, and n t leave t'je treasury with a cent,
he  could  hold  on to th- publie 'and, he would do
sr, but they weie not in that situation.    An<! when
the  P.esident reg"tived their laws, hv refusing to
go irto pny further hgislation, had ihey conquer-
er?    Here he (Mr Marshall) wiuld s8y; on his
ovvn reversibility, strike out the 27th sec ion of the
bi'l,  and sued it tack,  and let him veto it if he
daree;—if he did, then 'et them go home with the
veto  in their hands   Whether the land was lost or
not, depended  upon future  legis'a'ion, and if dis-
tnbuiion was unpopular, it must go by the board.
He should vUeforthe proposit-on which he had
suggested; and if it was put down by the Whig
party, he should vote against the proposition of
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, ard in favor of
the proposition of the gentleman from New York.
Wou'd they refuse to do something, and leave the
country and public affairs in the condition in which
ir ey were then, on a point cf honor?    What was
their situatior?    They would not yield the public
lands., and yet they were yielding them.   Did gen-
t'eman tell him it made nodiffeicnce, ?cd that they
ccu'J s'ill succeed tbough  tie\ 'brew ihe matter
into the ham's of the r  cppoienis?     Gentlemen
would  pa-n  nothing by going to the other side.
S 'ould  those gentlemen  who h«d sat with their
aim* folded come to the Whigs and s«y, "They
have done noil i' g, and we will lake the matter out
cf  their i cempetent hands,''  how   would   they
be able to meet those gentlemen before the p-np'e,
if 'h s ^hcald occur?     Should they do it by 'elhng
the people  ihat   the Wh'gs had h?d  a  quarrel
%\ith Captain Tyler, and that they had stood by
their honor; and that they wou d make him sive
both tariff and distribution, or they would do noth-
ing at all?  Was that to be the qjesuon lo be made?
He (Mr Marshall) had not studied his principles
in ihe «chool of party.    They o ere formed in re-
tirement, long before he entered the arena of party.
T^ey had skod by him through hit, and every day
convinced him of their truth and their propriety,
and that they lay at the founda'ion of social organ-
ization     But here was  a question of expediency
and of policy. One of two measures they must give
up as a party.   Upon the surrender of one of them
they were spilt; and if one of the fragments, united
with the minority, both measures wou'd be swept
by  the  board; and, under   the  circumstances,
