CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
918*__________________
he considered Ihey would be inflicting upon them-
¡.ctves an ineradicable, an ineffaceable disgrace
Was it true that the minority bad the power to
take legislation irom them, because they could
not wield the power longer tbems Ives? Were
they to yield before they had been trie! by the
tribunal oí the people, to which mey must suhm i?
Should their friends opposiie, abo hid sat smirking,
with their arms folded, say, Gent etnca, give i up,
and we will ¡>tep i«-—give it üp befo e}our t me—
pull off your clothes before y^u go to b"d, and
stand naked, an object of n hcule ig a disti po ited
jieople? Placed there by a majori v of i m^t^en
out of twenty six Spates, that won'd he yielding,
■with a vengeance, their placea, toe r hon r, and
their character, and their power
He said, then, that ihey should meet the qu°stion
as a parly determined to take the best cou se that
was left them, to promote the pi bhtgjod They
should meet it at once—take the issue t at was
tendered ihem by the exercise of the negative power
of the Presiden', and from whuh they could not
drive him, and give to the na lona! treasuiy a kv-
enue. Let usgo before the country v, th thv> bil ,
which the executive veto has de-tro^ed, in the ore
hand, and with distribution in the other r-d fit
be p palar, let it depend upon futu e le stion
He cared not one rn^h what mol ve-. a. gS o-> at
tributed to -him fc the c jarse hehiu tak^n He
had formed his op mons htne *l;, a id ht. bt'ieved
it to be the true po! cy of bis party, and -"-at ihey
owed to the people of the country, to p ovide an
adequate revenue for the wants of the Gover-ment,
as well as to pro ect the individual ínteres s i f the
country. He cared net a rush what m ght be s ud
of him there or elsewhere. He would rather he
"Whig party would follow his counsel, and turn him
cut oí church, than keep him in tne chureh, and
take the opposite cot rse He should suppose, trora
the present aspect of affairs, mat the other propo
sition might at this time be more popular at his
home than lhi«;, that when his vtt s hould reach
his constituent , and before the oecision of this
question; the first feeling of his dis net—his be
loved distnc —m ght be against h m Yet he v. ould
meet the result learlessly On great ques ions h ^
this, he krew of but one cour e to parsue, an i iha
was to ?c' accord ng co the dictate*! 0t his own
judgment, as to what the interests oí hi coast tu-
ents required
This was not, with him, a matter ot p°"-<:onal
quarrel, to be adj is ed as personal quarr  * nsuall/
are. If it weu so, he would not vield an nrf
If he were insulted, and deprived of nart of h s
personal rights, no one was inter sted b it h nut If,
and he must «e tie it m accordance vvi h h s own
feeling", but where an important question was in-
volved, on wh ch de3e_ndcd the dat'v bread of mil-
lions, and the mdustr ?1 ■ terests of who'e sec ion ,
he could not dare to exerc se the power of deciding
it with reference tohso'a private feelirg alone
He had given h s opinion on this measure an 1
told  m advire , how he  shoedd vote, and if it
faileJ   If  t u I d   inil   therp   wonll   be  firmne*
encusrh 10 th< Whig paily to adopt e/en th° meas-
ure of the moot    , rather than aj) *•* sp 1 in i ¡>
the couitr> wi ^ mt leven'e     II   L iJ "lien ho-<
estly and candi ly  a"d on his i   o r ib ' <y, h s
opinions as to wt at  he id ey i lo  l«  the   jes
course for his friends to pursue     He Üioiit t t ia',
upon the measure he alicatt', 'he/ cou It   pant
themselves befce the peopl ,  a-d    ht w t iat ti ey
had done all i  trvir power to rr >vide revi nue fo*
the Gove'm e t, a d pro'ec! dimestic  industry
Their rnc near 1 acticns vion", then, be plice 1
bejond *«e pos     It j of evil    upon in pretext
could >t be argej :    rt lb "it. '• it h<>v nad sacri-
ficed th" velfaie oí th  cou   n, -id ti   mter-vsN
of then  ronctitn i! , for p - ¡   ri  (os s    It ht
was mtstaien,. p ! re vhou d  te condemned, an 1
the senterce  fulm m  cl  artist  him  yesteidv
should be ratified ?t heme,—i    ■> sjjou'd  fa'l, h
did not say that he  houidtaiwit   satisfaction, ouf
he would fall  with a cei«<-iousi" s  0f  jjnv „g
dose what he believed to be o «' fir ne ínteres
of his constituents    It he     as  to  be sacrificed
why let them bring the cord, end fue the  faggo
the victim was ready, and he would he bound lo
meet the sacrifice    He would fall with  ihe beau-
tiful senttm°nt on his lips—
' Justnm et tenacem propositi virum
Non avium ardoi pvava jubentlum,
Ivor vultus instantis tyranni
Mente quatit solida "
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana said it was im-
possible to tell «hat would be the effect of this
measure, either on himself or the country.   How
i-ver the qjestion might be settled, this day might
be regarded a*, the d?y pregnant with extraordinary
events      He knew of no occasion when so much
elequence and ger us ba 1 been brought to bear on
am quesfon upon one day.    He referred to the
«oeeches of the gent'emen from Massachusetts and
Kentucky.
One of the prominent, and, indeed, the mam
issue on which the Whigs contended in 1840,
was res stance to Execu ive power He thought
the gentleman from Ma sacnusetts [Mr Cdshing")
had confused the subject, and referred for a correct
expcsi'ion of the nature and extent of the Ex
ecutive power to a speech made by the gentleman
f>-om Virginia [Mr Wise] in 1835 He also read
several extracts in opposition to the veto power,
from tue speech delivered some years since by
Daniel Webster He Quoted from the proceedings
of Wnig meptmgs in different parts of the country,
in relation to the veto power, m 1840, and read a
let'er from Mr Tyler to the convention which met
a Co umbus n February or that year, and which
commended the proceedings then adopted
Mr McKENNAN said he did not rise for the
purpose of debating the question. It would be nn-
pa-don^ble in him to occupy the time at this late
stage of tne session, after the matter had been so
fully dt "jsved Every gentleman ought, b/ this
t rae, to have his mind made up, so as to enable
tin to vote satisfactorily. He rose merely to sug-
gest that, urder the present circumstances, in con-
sideration of the necessitous condition of the cnun-
try, and the protracted period of the session, they
ought to Discontinue all further debate, and take
the vote at once [Agreed, agreed ] He implored
the Hou«e to let ihe vote be taken, that they might
leturn to th ir constituents without further delay.
A'ter c-op consideration, fcr the sake of a bleeding
a d suffer ng ccuntiy, he had brought his mind to
sibmit to what, under other circumstances, he
woul 1 '- e his ngnt arm before he would agree to
snbmu to Though distr button was a favorite
mea ure of the Whig party, he would yield the
point, rnl relinquish distribution, rather than fail
te «eoure the pa ts of a bill which wao ^o indis-
pensably rece^say to sav° the coun'ry from de-
■¡truc ion Fcrtl"sakeofreconcihation,hewaswill
ing to go far But while he would surrender this
point he could not be expected to surrender the prin-
ciple of protection for the industry of the country—
th"t he would insist npon And with this view he
would move to substitute an amendment which he
had prepared, m the place of the one moved by his
colleague, to the bill introduced by the gentleman
from New York He was satisfied that it was a
bill wn ch would affoid adequate revenue, and, at
the s?me urre, reasonable protection. He saw
that «ome of the Sou hern gentlemen were disposed
to „ome to the re cue, but he was not disposed to
throw himself eiuiiely in their arms There was
one featuie in the bill which he could never con-
sent to, and it was;, the limitation of the law to two
ye rs' duration If, durng that time, the oppo-
cen s of tiie Whig party should unfortunately
ga n the aseendancj—though he trusted in God it
would not be the ea-e, [a laugh,]—-what would be
the consequence'! Tne law wou d bs permitted to
expire There was all the difference in the world
between repealing a law, and permitting it to ex-
pire
Tbe mo ion to substitute having been ru'ed out
of oider, Mr McKENNAN moved that the com-
mit ee rise
lae committee rose
Mr J R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
of Ways and Means reported a contingent appro-
pria ion bill, as amended by the committee of con-
i rpnce, and agreed to by the Senate.
Mr GARRETT DAVIS, from the select com-
mittee upon the controverted claim between Thoc
Allen and Blair & Rives, made a report, accom-
panied by a bill to pay both; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed
Mr J R INGERSOLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill to extinguish the
title to certain property on Pea Patch island, in
the State of Delaware read twee, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union
On motion of Mr G DAVIS, at a quarter be-
fore 5 o'clock,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE
Saturday, August 20, 1842.
Mr   PRESTON moved to  postpone all other
business, for the purpose of tak ng up the joint reso-
lution  from  the House, appointing Monday, the
221 insiant, for the adjournment of Congress.
The question b«ing taken on this motion, was
decided in the affirmative, and the joint resolution
was taken up
Mr PRESTON addressed the Senate at consid-
erable length on the subject In the course of his
remarks, he observed that, in his opinion, it was
impossible to get through with the public business
in time to adjourn on the day named by the House.
The business which the Senate had to transact in
executive session, would alone occupy its exclusive
attention, if devoted to nothing else, m all proba-
bility, till Monday evening Besides the important
treaties to be disposed oí, there were thirty-nine
nominations awaiting its action. Independent of
this executive business, there were forty or fifty
Senate bills to be acted upon by the House,
and forty or fifty House bills to be acted upon
by the Senate, and eight or nine bills on which
possibly committees of conferee would hare to
meet In the face of all this business, he did not
see how a day for adjournment much earlier than
that he should name in conclusion, could be ap-
pointed Even with the most intense application.
and unceasing labor of both Houses, he was satis-
fied a few more days would be required for the dis-
charge of the ordinary duties of Congress yet to be
fulfilled. But, in addition to these ordinary du-
ties, recent events had placed one prominent ques-
tion, within a few days, in an aspect which seem-
ed to require a little more time—he alluded to the
subject of revenue The Constitution requires
that all m°asures of revenue shall originate in the
other House. The conviction that there is not
only no adequate revenue for the Government, but
no law for the collection of even an inadequate
revenue, appeared now to be brought home to at
least nine tenths of the representatives of the coun-
try, if not to the whole country itself It was,
therefore, no longer possible to avoid the conclu-
sion, tbat, before the 1st of January next, the Gov-
ernment would be destitu'e oí the adequate means
of support
The question, therefore, arose, and should be
m«t—would not Congress be responsible for ad-
journing as long as even a hope was left that, by
some mitigated action, the dishonor and disgrace
of the Government would be ave ted? He thought
the moment was come when gcnllemen should Jay
aside their individual and party feelings, and think
and act as patriots, and with a single object in
view—that of their duty and responsibilities to the
country And, unquestionably, that duty and re-
sponsibility was now to provide adequate means
for keeping the wheels of Government in action,
and not to go home leaving it in the disastrous
condition under which it confessedly labors. That
something could be done, he was satisfied, when
he considered the manifest disposition of the Sen-
ate, which, it was evident, were it constitutional to
originate such a measure here, would easily unite
upon some common and practical ground. And
he had strong hopes that, if this joint resolution be re-
turned to the House—whete, alone,it is proper rev-
enue measures should cngmate—the aaxious desire
of the Senate, expressed by the disposition to give
further time for consideration, would induce some
raifgated action calculated to meet the emergency.
It is an emergency in which Congress is bound to
