m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jo o >oe proof by which pre-emptions have been
allowed; and if there be any irregularity, they
point it out, and call it fraud; or they suggest
frauds on the score that the original pre-emptor
was under age, a foreigner, or some other dis-
qualifying fact.
When this suggestion is entered, the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Ofhce sends out, and
requires a correction or enlargement of the proof.
But the original pre-emptor cannot be found. In
many cases., this class of individuals, being fond
of frontier Ufe, sell out their improvements to
emigrants to the country, and leave for parts un-
known. Their assignees bought the land m good
faith; they took the certificates of purchase of the
man they found in possession ; they relied implicitly
upon your certificates. The courts of the whole
Western States regard these certificates as undoubt-
ed muniments of tule Upon them actions of
ejectment may be founded and sustained. Upon
these certificates, the country has rested quietly fcr
years. The holders of land under them have
erected houses, opened farm , and made extensive
improvements. The Government has had the
money for the lands for years. But, since the pas-
sage of the prospective law, suddenly, to the great
surprise of the present owners of the land, a cabw is
seen on bis land, and a right to purchase the land
is set ap under your law. Now, the question re-
curs, shall we secure to the present occupant, who
purchased the land in good fatth— has rel ed for
years on the certificate of purchase of this Gov-
ernment—who has made valuable improvements—
and the Government has had us price for the land?
or shall we turn bim out—take from him his laber
—return to him his $1 25 per acre—and receive
from this intruder the same amount 1 This io ihe
whole question, the intent is to prevent an outrage-
ous fraud—a crying and palpable injustice Where
the original pre-emptcr yet holds ihe land, if he
has committed a fraud, visit the consequences upon
his head He should not complain He should
never interpose in his behalf. Hold him to the
law, and let him stand or fall by ihe law. But
this section shields the innocent; it protects the bona
fide purchaser, who knew nothing of the wrong
Strike it out, and you create a commotion in the
whole Western States, of which the House can
form no adf quate conception You aid m effect-
ing what you profess, you desire to avoid You
take the labor of one man, which he has bestswed
in reliance upon jour good f nth, and unjustly give
it to another—and thus you sanction a vilianous
fraud.
He wished to say that this bill was recommend-
ed by the Commissioner of the General Land
Ofliee; and he r very anxious for its passage The
Committee on th- Public Lands were unanimous
in reporting th  bill, and recommending that it
pass The Senate had passed the section, and he
felt confident, if gentlemen would examine the
section calm'y aid fully, and notcr^it down in
noise and confusion, it would receive "the sanction
of the Hou^e In codipluncs wuh his, promise,
he moved the previous q íestion
On taking mis question by yeas and nays, it wps
rejected—yeas 66, nays 101.
Mr. COWEN moved a reconsideration of the
vote just taken
Mr. STUART o4  Illinois mored the  previous
question, under th" op ration of which, the recon
sideration was ordrred, and the question on the
amendment being again taken, it waí> re tcted.
The bill for the relief of Charles P Sibbald,
returned from the Senate, with an amendment, was
taken up, and the amendment concurred in.
The bill to establish a police for the protection
of property in the city of Washington, returned
from the Senate, with amendments, was taken up,
and considered.
Mr MALLORY moved to lay the bill and
amendment on the table, but withdrew the mo-
tion, in order to emole
Mr. UNDERWOOD to make a statement He
hoped the bill would not be iai 1 on the table, but
that the amendments would be concurred m. The
amendment of the Senate would reduce the appro-
priation about one-half, and cut down the guard to
fifteen men
The motion to ¡ay on the table was then re-
newed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked for the yeas and
nays; which were taken, and resulted—yeas 79,
nays 166
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill "to amend the acts of July, 1836, and Ju-
ly, 1838, allowing pensions to certain widows,"
returned from the Senate with an amendment, was
discussed by Messrs. TALIAFERRO, IRWIN,
A. V BROWN, and HOPKINS. The amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in—jeas90,
nays not counted.
The Senate amendment to the bill making an
appropriation to supply a deficiency in the navy
pension fund, was agreed to.
Mr. HOPKINS expressed a desire that the
House should go in'o Committee of the Whole
upon an important b 11 reported from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to establish
certain post-routes
Mr FILLMORE admitted the importance of
the bill referred to by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr Hopkins,] but there was another on which
acion was still more wanted—the contingent ap-
propriation bill, without which, the departments
could not get along He then offered a resolution,
providing that all debate upon the "contingent biU"
should cease this day, at 3 o'clock.
Mr ARNOLD raised a question of order, but
was overruled
Mr BIDLACK propounded an inquiry to the
Chair, which, together with the answer, was not
heard
Mr FILLMORE called for the orders cf the
day—reports of commiltees.
Mr LEWIS, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported a bill to refund to the Grand
Gulf Railroad Company the duties laid on certain
railroad iron: read twice, and referred to tbe Com-
mittee of the Whole. He also made an unfavor-
able report upon the petition of Mr Bea'e collector
of the port of New Orleans
Mr COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Lieut. F W Smi.h: read twice, and re-
ferred.
Mr. C also made numerous adverse reports
Mr BURKE, from the same committee, made
several adverse reports, and repor ed several bills
which were read, and referred                               '
Mr TOLAND, from the Committee on Com
merce, made several adverse reports.
Mr. ALLEN, from the same committee reported
a number of pr.vate bill--, which were read, and
referred.
Mr CASEY, from ihe Committee on Public
Lands, reported Senate bill 149, concerning bounty
lands, with a recommendation that it be laid on the
table- agreed to.
Mr. TRUMAN SMITH, from the same com-
mittee, reported Senate bill 243; which was read and
referred
Mr J G FLOYD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made several adverse
reports.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
the District cf Columbia, reported Senate bill 297
which was read and referred                                 '
Mr U al&o reponed House bill 470, for the sup-
pression of lotteries in tbe District, with an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senate.
The bill, with the amendments, was taken upand
considered.                                                     v
Mr UNDERWOOD wished to make an expla-
nation, but the House would not permit him
Mr CAMPBELL of South Carolina opposed
the amendment of the committee to the Senate
amendment He contended that the evil of lot-
teries, which public sentiment and morals aemand
ed should be abolished, would not thereby be abated
but the effect would be to grant a monopoly in the'
business, for several years to come, to particular in-
dividuals
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the previous question
and it was sustained by the House.                     '
The amendments of the committee to the Sen-
ate bill were agreed to; als©, the amendments of
the Senate as amended by the House
Reports wtre then called from the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported several bills from the Senate.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the joint resolutions from the Sen-
ath re'ating to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
with an amendment.
Mr. J. T MASON urged the immediate consid-
eration of the resolutions; and while pending,
On motion of Mr GRAHAM of North Caroli-
na, the whole subject was laid upon the table.
At a subsequent period of the day's, proceeding,
upon motion of Mr J. T. MASON, the resolutions
and amendment were again taken up, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be pnnted
The other committee1, were called during the
morning hour, and immense masses of reports were
made The proceeding appeared like a deposition
of all business of the committee , in preparation
for an adjournment Tne reports were so numer-
ous, thai we were unable a procare a complete list
of them in time for this evening's paper
When the reports had been presented by the sev-
eral members of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims—
Mr HALL said, as the reports now presented
completed the business of the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, he felt it his duty to «ay that the
committee bad made written reports upon every
claim that had been referred to them, coming with-
in their jurisdiction. The number <f written re-
ports made to the House, by the committee, was
225, a considerable portion of which were long,
and required great labor in the investigation of the
cases upon which they were founded. The print-
ed matter of the«e reports would exceed 1,000
pages. The regular meetings of the committee
had been twice a week, and there had been several
occasional sittings besides. It was but justice to
the committee to say that, during this long session
of Congress, hardly an instance had occurred of
the want of a quorum; and, in most cases, the
committee had been very fully attended.
Tbe members of the committee aré Mr. Hail
of Vermont, Mr Goode or Ohio, Mr Triplett of
Kentucky, Mr T J Campbell of Tennessee, Mr.
Matnard of New Yoik, Mr Washington of
North Carolina Mr James of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Parmenter of Massachusetts, and Mr Goode of
Virginia
CONTINGENT APPROPRIATION BILL.
On ihe motion of Mr J R INGERSOLL, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole,
(Mr. A. H H. Stuart m the chair,) and took up
the bill entitled An act legalizing and making ap-
propriations for sues necessary objects as have
been usual'y included in the general appropriation
bills without authority of law, and to fix and pro-
vide for certain incidental expenses of the depart-
ments and offices of the Government, and for other
purposes "
This bill had been sent back from the Senate
with a variety of amendments, which had been
submitted to the Committee of Ways and Means,
who had recommended a concurrence in some,
and a non-concurrence in others.
Mr PROFF1T expressed a wuh that tLis bill
should be huig up be'ween the two Houses until
they had done something with the revenue bill.
They were ready enough to pay themselves, for
whom provision was made by this bill, but there
appeared to be no disposition to serve the coun-
try
Mr BLACK hoped this bill would not be hung:
up between (he two Houses The President was
collecting revenue from importers, and this bill
ought to be passed, though in some respects it
might require amendment
Mr. STANLY regretted to see ihe^e divisions
amongst friend'    [Laughter 1
Mr BLACK denied that there was any political
friendship or agreement between the gentleman
from Indiana and himself, but when that gentle-
man came upon his (Mr. B 's) track, he was will-
ing that they should go together.
