Mr. STANLY resumed, and commented on the
amendments made in this bill by the Senate. He
said the Senate was a most unfit body to act upon
such a bill. Sometimes, when this bill was before
that body, there were not more than twelve mem-
bers present; some of whom were writing letters,
others were reading newspapers, and others were
lolling on the couches. He spoke of some of them
(but how the terms were applied was not distinctly
heard) as "silk stocking gentry," who bad rings
on their fingers, and who ought to have them in
their ears too.
The CHAIR intima'ed that the gentleman was
not in order
Mr. STANLY then made some further remarks
on the Senate's amendment of the bill
Mr. HOPKINS appealed to gentlemen of both
sides to refrain from debating party topics, and
to allow the limited time left for the consideration
of this bill, involving large appropriations of
money, to be given to explanations of the several
amendments. If this course was not taken, when
the hour of three o'clock came they would have to
vote in the dark.
After some remarks from Messrs. GORDON,
CHAS BROWN, PROFFIT, and BIDLACK,
the question was taken on the third amendment,
and it was not concurred in.
Th« fourth and fifth, being merely verbal amend-
ments, were concurred in.
The sixth amendment, making the salary of the
loan clerk in the Treasury Department $1 400, in-
stead of $1,600, after a question by Mr JOHN-
SON, and a reply by Mr. INGERSOLL, was con-
curred in.
The seventh amendment, inserting for ihe salary
of a law clerk for Solicitor's office, after some re
marks from Messrs JOHNSON, INGERSOLL,
and SMITH of Va , was concuned la.
Several other amendments were concurred in.
When the amendment appropna'wg $1 000 for in-
dexing the Wa«hing>on papers and Madison pa-
pers in the Department of State, was under con-
sideration,
Mr SMITH of Virginia observed that, if he had
not been misinformed, a resolution was passed
some years since, directing the publication, by
Clarke & Force, of all the papers of that period of
history balongmg to the Revolution, and that
therefore these papers or a considerable portion of
them, mast have been punted by Clarke & Force,
and therefore an index to the manuscripts was. not
necessary. Every gentkman had the Madison
papers in his possession, snd knew that there was
no use in indexing them.
After some remarks from Mr. HALL in favor
of the amendment,
Mr. SMITH offered an amendment, providing
that the whole cost of the indexing shall not exceed
the sum of $1,000 hereby appropriated rejected.
The amendment was then concurred in
Two or three other amendments having been
passed upon,
Mr. SMITH of Virginia replied to the argu-
ments in favor of the amendment. He coissiaered
it to be the duty of the officers and clerks to make
out indices to the public documents as they wera
reoeived or issued, and not call on Congress for an
extra sum. With an alphabet, it would be an easy
matter to make an index as the business of the
office progressed. It was a piece of neglect if the
officers had not made out the indices, and he was
opposed to anything which would sanction their
course, and become the foundation of a sjs'em of
expense attending the making out of indices to
public documents.
Mr J. R INGERSOLL made a brief explana-
non,afier which, the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in
The 25th amendment of the Senate, mcreasirg
the salary of the Surveyor General of Wisconsin
and Iowa to $2 000, was non-concurred in by the
House, after some remarks trom Messrs INGER-
SOLL, FILLMORE, SNYDER, and POPE.
The 26th, 27th, 28ih, 29th, and 30th amend-
ments of the Senate were agreed to.
The 3l3t amendment was non concurred in,
and the 32d, 33d, and 34th, concurred in.
The 35 h amendment, appropriating $3,500 for
CONGRESSIONAL úhOM.
temporary clerks m the Auditor's office for the
Post Office Department, was next considered.
Mr. McKAY opposed the amendment. He re-
walked that he was tired of these incessant calls
for an increase of clerks. At the last ses'ior, a
number of these clerks were continued for one
year, yet, notwithstanding the assurances then giv-
en to the contrary, an effort was now made to get
these clerks continued still longer. He gave it as
his opinion that the number of clerks, was already
too large in many of the offices. In the Land Oí-
fice alone, there were thirty more clerks than were
necessary. He bore testimony to the usefulness of
many of the cletks, whilst others were mere idler",
and might be found—go to the department when
you woull—reading newspapers and periodicals
He hoped the evil ot this continual increase would
be arrested.
After a few remarks from Messrs. J. R INGER-
SOLL, CALHOUN, and GRANGE 1—
Mr. WISE rose, as he said, in vindication of
that much abused class of men—the e'erks He
considered the majority of them to be gentlemen—
as much so a*, ihe members of Congress. It was
a great misiake, and did them great injustice, to
suppose that they only worked five hours a day
He appealed to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Granger] to testify in their behalf.
Mr. GRANGER said he was happy to be called
up He then addressed the House for some lime
in eulogy of the clerks, and in explanation of the
Ubois performed by them He gave his own per-
sonal experience of their laborious character and
good conduct, and told how he hmrelf had worked,
when he was in the Post Office Department, fn m
8 a m to 5 p m. Although he was never fas-
tidious or squeamish about applying the scimetar
or cord to his political opponents in office in the
country, yet he never removed a mere clerk. He
knew of none whose situation in hie was le<s envi-
able.
Mr. WISE further spoke in favor of the merits
of the clerks. He drew a comparison between
those in the Navy and War Departments, and
hence argued that there were t o few m the former.
Also, in the Treasury Department the business was
certainly behindhand from the want of a sufficient
force
The amendment of the Senate, making the ap-
propriation, vi as concurred in.
The 36th amendment was non-concurred in
Also the 37th, which established the salary of the
public gardener at #1 200, instead of $1,000
The amendment of the Senate striking out the
appropriation of $19,0U0 for completing ihe lower
rooms of the Treasury building, was non-concurred
in
The appropriation of $ 1,853 for repairs to the
Senate wing, was agreed to.
The amendment appropriating $52,000 for the
purchase of the ground adjoining the Pos Office
Department, was non concurred in. Also the ap-
propriation of $12,000 for a bridge across Goose
creek, m Washington citj, and the appropriation
of $15,600 to reimbur&e th" Indians for the failure
of me Slates to pay ihe mi rest on lands held by
the Government in trust for them.
The 42d, 43d, 47th, and 48th amendments were
non-concurred in
The 44th, 46 h, and 49th, were concurred in.
The 50 h amen ¡ment, making an ?ppropnation
of $2 187 tor the expen.es of negotiating a treaty
with the Camanche and other tribes of Indians in
1835, was non-concuned  n
The other amendments were then disposed of,
the House refusing to corcur in the amendment
giving extra pay to the clerks, pages, &c j and the
bill was returned to the Senate
NEW ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
Mr. FILLMORE called th  attention of the
House to a communication which had been sent to
the Committee of Ways and Means from the
Treasury Department, which pointed out the ne-
cessities of the treasury, and recommended the is
sue of treasury notes to meet the demands crea'ed
by the appropriation bills wbich the House had
passed.
This communication should have been sent to
the House, instead of the committee; and for the
mi
purpsse of bringing it properly before the commit-
tee, he moved that it be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and that it be printed.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON moved to amend the
motion by the addition of instructions to the
committee to consider the propriety of reporting a
bill to carry out his scheme for tb« issue of stocH
to the amount of $200,000,000 for the relief of
the Sta'e«, pledging the public lands for (he repay-
ment thereof.
Mr. HOLMES submitted an amendment, m-
s'ructing the Committee of Ways and Means to
inquire into the necessity and the expediency of
issuing treasury-notes to meet the exigencies of the
Government, until the next session of Congress.
Mr BOTTS recommended that the subject
should be ref-rred to the President of the United
S'atrs, who was the cause of the existing state of
thing —the Government being virtually in a state
of suspension. He then moved ¡o lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered, and resulted as fol-
lows—jeas 60, nays 114.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland then modified his
amendment, and sent a bul to the table
Mr JOHNSON of Tennessee said tbe genile-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] had
modified his proposition, so as to instruct the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mean* to report a bill for the
issue of treasury notes for the balance of the loan
authorized in 1841.
Mr GUSHING entered into some explanations
of the condition of the treasury, and the means
that must be resorted to if Congress should refuse
to provide for the exigencies oí ihe Government.
He intimated that the loan bill authonz-d the issue
of cert fica es, transferable by «imple delivery,
and these might be rcsoited to by the Treasury.
Mr FILLMORE en ered also into explanation,
and denied ihat the loan act had any such inten-
tion, or that cernficates could be issued for debts
due by the Government. The intention was to is-
sue certificates for loans, and not debts
He moyed the previous question, which was
u stained by the House.
Tbe Houss then agreed to the reference—the
proposition having been separated.
The next ques ion was on the proposition of the
gentleman froji Maryland, [Mr. Wm, Cost John-
son,] which was negatived.
On the proposition of Mr. Holmes, tellers
were called, and, trie vote having been taken,
was announced as follows 65 in the affirmative,
and §0 m the negative.
The communication was then ordered to be
printed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, August 22, 1842.
On mo ion of Mr BATES, ihe Committee on
Pensions was dikchars;ed from the further consider-
ation of the petitions praying the revival of the
act of July, 1838, granting pensions to certain
«idows
Mr B , from the same committee, made adverse
reports on House bill entitled An act for the relief
of Thompson Hutchinson, and on Ihe resolution of
ihe General Assembly of Indiana, in favor of allow-
ing a pension to those who served in Wayne's cam-
paign.
THE  CONTINGENT APPROPRIATION
BILL
On motion of Mr EVANS, the bul making ap-
propriation lor certain objects, omitted from the gen-
eral approprntion, was taken up for consideration.
The bill was returned from the House with an
amendment to a certain amendment to the Senate,
and with disagreements to certain other amend-
ments of the Senate
On motion of Mr E , ihe Senate insisted on its
own amendments, and disagreed to the amendment
of the House, and a committee of conference was
authorized to De appointed by the Chair to meet a
like committee on the part of the House, to take
into consideration the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses; and Messrs. Evans, Benton, and Tall-
mabqe, were appointed on the part of the Senate,
