CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
9<23
the motion was not carnea, two-thirds not voting/
in the affirmat ve.
THE TARIFF.            *        /
Mr. CO WEN offered a resolution, fiájng 19
o'clock to-day for the termination of debate On Mr
Barnard's bill to provide for a temporary tfefect
or failure of the law relating to the collection of
duties on imports, and on this he moved the pre-
vious question, which was sustained by the House.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. COWEN moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole, which was
agreed to; and Mr J R. Ikqersoll look the chair
The CHAIRMAN stated the question le be on
the amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barnard,] the effect of which was to prevent
the infliction of any fine or punishment by an e*
post facto law
Mr. ROOSEVELT said the amendment obvi-
ously proceeded on the supposition, or rather on
the assumed certainty, that there was no law now
m existence, nor had been any law in existence,
for the collection oí dulies on imports, to any ex-
tent, or for any amount, since ihe 30'h of Jone
last. His objection was to the amendment, as well
as to the bill. He could not allow that the mer-
chants and importers, who had paid the $600,000
in the month of June, had the right to claim the
return of that meney; ,and he deprecated the asser-
tion of such a right on this floor. He submitted to
every lawyer in the House whether there was apy
principle belter settled than that the admissions of
a party could be used against himself. And who
demanded these dutie ? The Government. And
who represented the Government? Why, Congress.
If, then, this Congress should solemnly declare
that the duties were not collectable, the courts sit-
ting to try the suits arising out of these circum-
stances, would be bound to take notice of that ad-
mission.
He went on to contend that the House could not
sanction a penal ex post facto law. In illustration,
he supposed a bond were taken for the payment of
certain duties, with the usual penal provision—
would any gentleman contend that, if that bond
was not binding before ihe passage of this law, it
could be made so by this enactment?
He was exceedingly anxious lhat all these doubts
and uncertainties should be removed. He believed
that the principal part of the difficulties under
which the business community was suffering, was
owing to the uncertamiy as to what the duties
would be. So important did he consider it to be,
that he was willing to yield, to a considerable ex-
tent, for the purpose of restoring something like
confidence to the business community. In regard
to the ultimate decision of the Supreme Court,
many sound lawyers with whom he had conversed
were of the opinion that it would be in favor of the
right of the Government to collect duties under the
existing laws. Such, he un erstood, was the opin-
ion of Chancellor Kent. He appealed, therefore,
to his colleague, as a lawver, whether he did not
think it safer to admit on this floor that a doubt ex-
isted, than to say that there was a certainty that
the revenue laws were inoperative.
Mr. FILLMORE said he should occupy the at-
tention of the committee but a very few moment,
and before he proceeded wuh the remarks which
ha intended to make, he desired to know what the
amendment was which was now pending. The
amendment was read by the Cierk
Mr J R INGERSOLL said he had made this
amendment with a view of its being substituted
for the amendment proposed by the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. FILLMORE intended to say very little in
reference to the subject under consideration. He
ielt perfectly indifferent as to the result. He
cared not whether the bill passed or not. He had
not been able to understand from his colleague
[Mr. Babsard] whether he was m favor of the
bill or'taot. He underotood, however, that he was
in favor of its passage, for the purpose of legal
ízing the collection of duties up lo 20 per cent, at
valorem, while at the same time, he admits that, if
the bill pass in its present form, it will, by true
legislative construction, be inoperative.
Mr. ROOSEVELT stated that he considered, if
the bill should be passed, that the difficulties would
greater than they now are.
Mr FILLMORE said there were some serious
considerations in reference to passing any bill. If,
as had been stated, (here were doubts as to the ex-
istence of revenue laws, he supposed Congress
would be in favor of giving tbe Government the
benefit of that doubt. He (Mr. F ) was not pre-
pared to say whether there wers, or were not, any
laws in force for collecting revenue, but he was
prepared to say lhat, if there was any doubt, it
was better to leave the law as it now stands., than
to attempt legalizing the collection under the old
law; for he was perfectly convinced that no more
revenue would be obtained by that legalization
than without it The moment a bill was passed
legalizing the collection of 20 per cent, tor any
definite time, (and he trusted it would be tempo-
rary only,) a direct temptation would be given to
persons in Europe to bring into this country their
s-urplus productions; and the country would, in this
way, be flooded with foreign commodities, to the
detriment of our own manufactures. So long
as the subject remained as it now was, it would be
impossible for persons abroad to know how soon a
revenue law might be passed, and they would,
consequently, be deterred from importing, whereas,
if a law «houM be passed, legalizing this amount of
revenue, it would be an invitation to them to sup-
ply our market for years to come If, then, it was
only a question of doubt, he thought they would
best seive the interest of the countiy by leaving
things in the state in which they now are, until
some permanent enactment could be agreed on.
It seemed io him that the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, so far from an-
swering any beneficial pu pose either to the Gov-
ernment or the people, would do neither, as ihe
experience of ihe iast two year  must have satisfied
everybody that the revenue laws were whol'y mef
ficient, so far as concerned protection of the indu.
try of this country. But, -n addition to this, (said
Mr. F ,) the great advantage to be derived from
any tariff measure, must arise from us being per-
manent No matter how perfect the enactment
mav be; if limited to two veais, it will be of no
real utility to the country What the country wants
is, that the question suould be settled definitively—
permanently, not for oae, two, or even five years,
but for a leng'h of years—h« w as going to say for-
ever He therefore could not consent to vote for
the proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, under any circumstances; for he believed it
would be wholly inadequate for any useful pur-
pose. He was in favor of the original bill, and
although some alierations might be made with ad-
vantage in some of its provisions, yet he had no
hesitation in voting for the biH as it now stood
But there was another difficulty which presented
itself to his mind His judgment and his feelings
had been, and now were, opposed to any farther
legislation on the subj ct, that would yield the prin-
ciple of distribution. Yet, seeing on the one hand
a suffering country, and on the other an empty
treasury and a barkrupt Government, he was dis-
posed to accede. He had heretofore expressed the
opinion which he en'er'amed, by his vote, but since
that vote was given, a very great change of circum-
stances had taktn place He had seen more than
half the party to which he belonged (whose patriot-
ism he did not doubt) yield their opinions to what
they considered the good of the country Under
these circumstance^, he felt bound to go with them,
(though he would not denv that he did so with re
luctance,) and he hoped the country would dsnve
from the bill all those berefits which tho=e who
were foremost m supporting it seemtd to antici-
pate. At all events, he would discharge his duty
to ihe country, by uniting with bis fnends who
were favoiable to its passage
Mr. HOLMES said if there were in that assem-
bly gentlemen who truly and honesily desired the
Government to go on unobstructed, they must see
at once that it would be necessary to adopt some
such measure as that reported by the gentleman
from New York. They were reduced to the di-
lemma, either to take the bill as reported by ¡be
Judiciary Committee, or eke to leave the country
without revenue.   The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had said the best policy
was to leave the laws upon this subject as they at
present stand It there was any doubt, that doubt
was as to whether duties were or were not cellect-
able. If they were not collectable, what would, be
the condition of the country? It would be left without
revenue, and consequently the operations of Govern-
ment mus' cease. To leave the country in such a
condition, would be in the highest degree reprehensi-
ble. There was an immense debt hanging over this
country, and provision must necessarily be made
for its liquidation He (Mr Holmes) would un-
dertake io show, by an argument of three sen-
tences, that no law was lox in force for the col-
lection of revenue. The 3d section of tbe act
commonly called the compromise act was in the
following terms: "All these duties so modified by
this act, shall continue to be collected until the
30th day of June, 1842   If he (Mr. Holmes)
were to give a power of attorney to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means to collect
his rents up to ihe 1st day of January, 1842, would
his power to collect those rents extend to the 1st
day of July, 1842? It would not. But this was
not all. In the same section it went on to say
that the duties thereafter to be levied shoald
be for an economical administration.
The whole argument, then, was brought down
to thi^: the time when the operation of the law
should cease was to be on the 1st day of July.
This could not be con'roverted. And what, then,
was the condition m which the country was placed?
There was no revenue for the purpose of carrying
on the operations of Government; and its ma-
chinery must, consequently, be stopped. For, he
would ask, where would they find men so patriotic
as to discharge tbe duties of public officers without
remuneration? There was a va>t difference be-
tween putting in motion the wheels of Government
after they had been stopped, and keeping them in.
motion while they were in motion A much great-
er degree of power was requisite to put in motion a
stationaiy body, than to keep in ni( tion one already
moving So with the affairs of Government. If
suffered to come to a complete stand—if a cessation
of its functions really took place—it would be a
matter of no small difficulty to set them again in
operation Tnere could be no harm, at all events,
in passing this bill, and he d>d earnestly entreat
gentlemen not to leave the country in the condition
in which it «as at present.
Mr. EVERETT said he felt it to be his duty to
relieve the country and the Government from the
embarrassing position in which they were placed;
and, m doing this, he was not going to separate the
Government from the people. His object was to
relieve both. If the only question was to be on
the passage of the bill introduced by the gentleman
from New York, it would, in some measure, re-
lieve the wants of the Government, but would it
relieve the people? No, si'; it would do no such
thing. Yet he supposed it was the best thev could
get under the circumstances There was one
clause in the bill of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania which would induce him to vote against it;
it was the hmi'a'ion clause
Mr INGERSOLL said he had withdrawn the
limitation.
Mr EVERETT said he could not vote for the
bill nevertheless
Mr GORDON rose, but it was sugges'ed that he
had already addressed the committee, and was con-
sequently not entitled to the floor Mr G denied he
had spoken upon ih's question, and after some con-
versation uptn ihe pomt of older, proceeded. He
regarded the cemp omise ar' as imposing duties to
the extent of 20 per cent , but the Secretary of the
Treasury did not conceive himself able to collect
the duties under that act, for want of some specific
regulation on the part of Congress If this was
to, it was clearly competent, fer Congress to pass
al? v prescribing such regulations. It might be
that he was wrong in regard to the effect of the
¡aw of 1831, in imposing a duty of 20 per cent. If,
however, that act did not auiho ize duties to be laid
to the amount of 20 per cent, then he agreed
that a law passed by Congress regulating the
collection of duties under ibat act, though not an ex
post facto law, would be retroactive and void,
