CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON submitted a variety of
amendments, which he requested permission to ex-
plain to the House, as his explanation would con-
sume less time than the reading of the amend-
ments. He said he would state them very briefly
His amendment was the identical bill which had
been passed upon by the House, and returned with
the President's veto, amended in the following
manner. In line 42, of page 8, of the item on cot-
ton-bagging, he proposed to insert 3 cents, instead
of 5, and on the article of sail duck 6, instead of 7
cents per square yard. He also made a slight va-
riation in the duty on twine He likewise pro-
posed to incorporate, in addtt on, the item specify-
ing tea and coffee from the section of the bill oí the
Secretary of the Treasury. He also proposed a
system of countervailing duties, to faeili'aie nego-
tiatiens with other nations for the admission of va-
rious articles of American produce, amongst which
were tobacco, rice, wheat, flour, and corlee. He
further proposed to insert the clause on the ware-
housing system, which had been hitherto stricken
out in Commitiee of the Whole. He further pro-
posed a serie? of resolutions for the purpose of pro-
tecting the revenue, and regulating the mode of
collecting and disbursing the public mone>s He
viewed this as one of ihe most important amend
ments, and doubted not that it would sare to the
treasury half a million of dollars every year He
proposed to slnke out the 27th section, which re-
lates to the public lands, and to insert four or fi /e
sections instead, the substance of which was, that
the Government should issue $200 000,000 of Gov-
ernment stock, to be divided amongst the States in
proportion to the federal representation—such
stock to bear interest at the ra e of 4 per cent, and
to be paid at the treasury every half year, and the
public lands to be pledged to enable the Govern-
ment to meet Ihe liabilities thus to te created, snd
to redeem the stock thus to be issued, the distribu-
tion being suspended in the mean time
The entire amendment was negatived.
Mr. GAMBLE moved to strike out 5, and insert
3é cents as ihe duty on cotton-bagging.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved a variety of amend-
ments, the whole of which were negatived. They
were as follows:
In the first section, on "all other manufactured
wool," he proposed to strike out ' 3 cents per
pound, and 30 per cent ad valorem," and insert
"1 cent per pound, and 20 per cent ad valorem "
He next moved to reduce the duty of 40 per
cent, to 30 per cent, on woollens, &c
In the 5 h page, he proposed to strike out the
minimum provision as to cotton.
Oa the 7th page, in the third subdivision, he pro-
posed to reduce the duty from $40 per ton to 30
per cent ad valorem.
In page 9, he proposed to reduce the duty oa
iron from $17 per ton to 30 per cent ad valoiem
He proposed others of a like character, inclu-
ding a reduction of the duty on brown sugar from
21 to 2 cents, which shared the «-ame fate.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland proposed bis
amendments in detail, which he had previously
offered m gross and they were all negatived
Mr. COOPER of Georgia was understood to
move to itnke out some article from the free list,
but this motion was negatived.
Mr. OWSLEY offered an amendment to provide
that nothing herein contained should affect the dts-
tnbu ion of the proceeds of the public lands, which
was negaiived
Mr.  WELLER  was understood to move to
strike out the duty on salt ; and it was negatived.
The question wa* then taken on the motion of
Mr. McKbnnan, to strike out all af'er the enact-
ing clause, and insert his entire bill.
Tellers were cali°d for and ordered ; and the
vote was 99 in the affirmative, and 67 in the nega-
tive.
Mr. KENNEDY of Marylsnd moved the addi-
tion of a section to repeal tne f st rune sections and
the 15 h section of the distriba ion bill of the extra
session    Thf motion was negatived.
Other sections vsere priposed by Messrs.
ROOSEVELT and SHIELDS, and they were
negatived.
Mr McKENNAN moved that the committee
n e and report the bill to the House. The motion
was agreed to, and the chairman reported accord-
ingly-
Mr FESSENDEN moved ihe previous question,
which was sustained by the House.
The House concurred in the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole—yeas 103, nays 99
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Sherlock J An-
dre  , Appleton, AycriKs, Baker, Barnard, Bir-
ton, Bees< n, Bidlack, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman,
B irden, Bnggs, Brockway, Charles Brown, Jere.
miah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Child', Chitten-
den, John C Clark, James Cooper, Cowen, C anv
ton, Cu'hing, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis,
John Edwards, Everett, Ferns, Fessenden, Fill-
mote, Gerry, Giddio*s, Painck Gr Goo 'e, Gordon,
Granger, Gusune, Hall, Halsted, Howard, Hud-
son, Hunt, Charles J Inge"?"ll Joseph R Inger-
mjII, James Iivm, William W Irwin, Keitn, J<hn
P Kennedy, Robert McClellan, McKennan,
Thomas F Marshall, Samson Mason, Mattocks,
Maxwell, Majnard, M>ore, Morgan, Morns,
Morrow, Newbard, 0¿horne, Parmentei, Pearce,
Piumer, Pope, Powell, Promt, Rimsej, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Read,
Ridgway, Rgg , R)dney, William Russell, James
M Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stratton, John T Siua't, Taliaferro, Til-
linghitst, Toland,TomInson, Triple , Trumbull,
Underwood, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
lace, Ward, Edward D White, Thomas W Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Yoiire, Augustus
Young, and John Young—103
NAYS—Messrs Landgff W. Andrews, Arnold,
Amngton, Aiherton, B?bcock, Black, Bolls Bojd,
Aaron V. Brown, Mtltoa Brown, Burke, William
O Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Painck C Cald
well, John Campbell, William B Campbell,
Tncmas J. Campbell, Caru'hers, Cjry, C¿sey,
Clifford, Clm'on, C des, Mark A Ctoper, Ciavens,
Cross, Danitl, Dawson, Dean, Deoerrv, Doan,
Doig, John C Edwards, Egbert, John G Floyd,
A Lawrence Fos or, Thomas F. Foster, Gamble,
G ntry, G lmei, Goggm, William O Goode, Gra
ham, Gwin, Habersham, Harm, Hasting*, Hays,
Ho'mes, Hopkins, Honek, Heuston, Hubard,
Hunter, William Cost Johnson John W. Jones,
Andrew Kenredy, Kms, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Lit
tlefield, Aoraham McClellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mallory, John Thomson Mason, Malhiot, Mathews,
Medil', Miller, Mitchell, Owsley, Parne, Rayner,
Reding, Reynolds, Khett, Roosevelt, Saunders,
Shcpperd, Shields, William Smiih, Stanly, S een-
rod, Summers, Sumter, John B Thompson,
Richard W. Thomp^oi, Jacob Thompson, Tu'ney,
Warren, Washington, Watter-on, Wellcr, James
W Williams Christopher H. Williams, Wise,
and Wood—99.
Mr RHETT wished to have a call of lha
House, but that not being in order, he moved to
lay the bill on the table, and on that he demanded
the yeas and nays, for the purpose of obtaining time
His object was, to have a full and distinct vote on
the bill.
Tne queslion, however, was taken on the en-
grossment of the bill, by yea  aiM nays, and the
Speaker announced the vote to be—yeas 100, nays
101, and that th" bill was rejected
[Clappirg of hand', and cries of "Good," fol-
lowed this announcement, which had been waited
for with in erse anxiety by every part of the
House ]
The following are the yeas and nays on this
vo'e, viz- yeas, 101, nayt. 101, announced by the
Speaker, under & mistake, to be—yeas 100 na>s
101 [The misiake was corrected in a subsequent
part oí the proceedings.]
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Sherlock J Andrews,
Appl<-ton, Ajcngg, Batcock, Baker, Barnard, Bar-
tjp, Beesoa, Bidlack, Bi'dcey°, Blair, Boardman,
Borden, Bnggs, Brockwav, Charles Brown, Jere-
mah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Cbilds, Chitten-
den, Ji hn C Clark, J*mes Cooper, Cowen, Cran-
ston, Cudiing, Garrett Davis, Richard D Div.-,
Juhn Edwards, Everett, Ferns, Fessenden, Fill-
more, Gerry, Qiddings, Patrick G Goode, Gordon,
J  Granger, Guatme, Hall, Halsted,Houck, Howard,
Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll Joseph R ln-
gers II, James Irvin, William W. Irwin, Keim,
John P Kennedy, Robert McClellan, McKennan,
Thomas F Marshall, Samson Mason, Mattocks,
Maxwell, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Mor-
row, Newhará, Osborne, Parmenter, Peatce, Pin-
mer, Pope, Powell, Proffit, Ramsey, Benjamin
Rsodall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Read,
Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney, William Russell, James
M. Rufteli, Saltonstall, Sanford, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stration, John T. Stuart, Taliaferro, Til-
linghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Van Er-
ren, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ward, Edward D.
White, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Wil-
liams, Yorke, and Augustus Young—101
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Landaff W Andrews,
Arnold, Amngton, Athertun, Black, Bolts, Boyd,
Aaron V Brown, Mtltin Brown, Barke, Green
W Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, John Camp-
bell, William B. Campbe 1, Thomas J Campbell,
Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Clifford, Clinton, Coles,
Mark A Cooper, Cravens, Cross, Daniel, Daw-
son, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doig, John C Ed-
wards, Egbert, John G Floyd, A Lawrence Fos-
ter, Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmer,
Gosgin, William O. Goode, Graham, Green,
Gwin, Habersham, Harris, Hasting*, Hays,
Holmes Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Hunter,
William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W.
Jone , Andrew Kennedy, King, Lane, Lewis,
Linn, Littl field, Abraham McClellan, McKay,
McKeon,Mallory, JohnThomson Mason, Mathtot,
Mathews, Medill, Mil er, Mitrheil, Owsley, Payne,
Rayner, Reding, Reynolds, Rheit, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, William
Smith, Steenrod, Summers, Sumter, John B.
Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Triplet!, Turney, Underwood, Warren,Wash-
ington, Watter¡on, James W Williams, Christo-
pher H  Williams, Wise, and Wood—101.
When Mr. CHARLES BROWN was called on
this quesnon, he said the pilLwas the bitterest b.8
had «ver had to swallow, and nothing but the ne-
cessity of the case made him say "ay."
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana moved the recon-
sideration of the vote just taken, and called for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
The question was th*n taken by yeas and nays
on the above motion, and the roll having been
called through, but before the vote was announced,
Mr GWIN rose and said he wished to know,
before the vote was announced, whether the pre-
ceding vote on the engrossment of the bill had
b*en announced correctly.
The SPEAKER said he had been informed by
the Clerk that there was an error in the addition of
the yeas and nays on the question alluded to, aris-
ing from the fact that one of the members who
voted out of order was not counted.
The Clerk then read the list of yeas and nays
over again, when
The SPEAKER announced the vote to be yeas
101, na>s 101, as above, ?nd voted himself in the
negative.
So the bill was rej-c*ed oa that vote.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be .
on  the motion  for reconsideration of the gentle-
man from Indiana  [Mr Thompson] the vote on
which had just been taken, as above noticed; and
announced the vote to  be—yeas 106, nays 98.
So the rccons'deration. was ordered.
The quesaon recurring on the engrossment of
the bill,
Mr YORKE moved the previous question, un_
der the operation of which the question was taken;*
and the Speaker announced the vote to be—yeas
103, nays 102
Mr McKENNAN called for the question on the
passage of the bill
Mr RAYNER rose to ask if it was not neces-
sary for the Chair to vote; and made the point of
order that he was bound to do so, under the follow-
ing rule-
"In all cases of election by the House, the Speaker shall
vote in other cases, he shall not vote, unless the House be
equally divided or unless his vole if given to the minority, will
make the division equal, and, in caso of such equal division,
the question shall be lost "
Mr. HOPKINS made some remarks in. reference
