926
to the previous practica—not perfectly understood
by the reporter.
Messrs. PROFPIT and FiLLMORE made the
point oí order that the Chair could not vote af'er
the vote had been announced.
The SPEAKER here read the rule, and made
some remarks, which the reporter could not catch,
owing to the great confnuon prevailing—there be-
ing at least twenty members on the floor, all claim-
ing to be heard.
Mr. BOTTS made the question of order whether
the Chair was not bound 10 vote.
The SPEAKER was satisfied, from the rule just
read, that he had a right to vole; and, to prevent
any further difficulty on the subject, announced that
he voted no, and that there was thus a tie vote—
[defeating the bill.]
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky rose, and claimed
the right to vote. He was in the bar, he ¡.aid,
when his name was called.
Here the question of order was raised whether
Mr. Andrews could vote after the vote had been
announced—some contending that, if the Speaker
conld vote after that announcement, Mr. Andrews
also had the right; while others contended that the
Speaker's vote vas provided for under the rule ,
and that the only time he could vote was after the
vote of the House wat announced. Such, how-
ever, was the noise and confusion prevailine, that
it is impossible to give the particulars of this part
of the proceedings, in regular succession 
The SPEAKER decided that Mr. Andrews had
a right to vote.
Mr. WISE insisted that the case was already de-
cided, and referred to a cate where the vote was
precisely like the present—a majority of one,
Speaker Polk voted in the negative; and by making
the vote a tie, defeated the bill.
Mr. SAUNDERS referred to the vote in 1815,
on the charter of the Bank of the Unned States,
when Mr Speaker Cheves, voting m the negative,
made a tie vote, and thas defeated the bill.
Mr. McKENNAN 'fid he would state the facts
as he recollected them. After the vote was taken,
the Speaker announced it to be yeas 103, nays 102,
and  said the ayes had it.
He (Mr McK.) then asked what was the nest
question? and
The SPEAKER replied that it would be on- the
passage of the bill
Mr. McKENNAN said, under this Mate of the
case, he contended that the Speaker bad no right
to vote, and the gen'leman from Kentucky had no
right to vote
Mr. GILMER -a,d that the question was,
whether the Speaker had a right to announce that
the vote wa* decided in the affirmative as stated
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania The Speak-
er was bound to announce the vote of the Hou«e,
and then to give his vote,
Mr.EVERETT rose to a question of order,but
there were so many claiming to be heard at the
time, that the reporter could not hear what it was
Order being restored—
Mr. GILMER read the rule, (given above,) and
contended that the Speaker had no  right to an-
nounce the decision of the  quevtion  till  after he
had announced the vote of the House, and given
his own vote.
The SPEAKER repeated his decision, that Mr.
Andrews had a tight to vote, and that gentleman';*
name being cah-d. lie voted ay.
Mr. STANLY then deiired h'S name to be call-
ed; which was done, and he also voted ay.
The SPEAKER thtn announced the vote on en-
grossment to be yeas 105, nays 102, as follows ■
YEAS—Messr Alien, Landaff W Andrews, Sherlock J
Andrews Applefcn, Ayctigg Babcock, Bdker, Bai nard, Barton,
Beeson, Bi 1'ack, Birdseye, Blau Boardman, Borden, Bnggs,
Brockway, Charle  Brown, Jeremiah Brown Burnell, ta!
hour), Child-, Chittenden, John C Clark, lames C oper,
Cower), Cranston, Cusltrosr, G Davis Rlchaid D Davis,
Jno Edwa' «,, Everett, Ierni, Fe wndon, Fillmore, Gem,
Giddings, Patrick G Goode, Gordon Grangei Gustine, Hall,
Halsted, Ilouck, Howaid, Hudson, Hunt Challes J Inaereoll,
Joseph It Ingeisull, Jamts Iivin, \\ ilham W Irwin, Keim,
iohn P Kennedy, Ruben McCltlnn, McKennan, Thomas P
Marshall, feamson Mason Mattock?, Mixweil, Maynard,
Moore, Morean, Morn , Morrow, Nesvhard Oiboine, Par
menter, Pearce, Plumer, Pope, Powell Proffit Ramsey, Ben
jammRandall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Read, Ridgway
ftiggs, Rodney, William Russell, James M Ru-sell, fcalton
«&H,Smiiora, Slade, Tinman Smith, Soliera, Wanly, Stratum,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JphnT. Stuart, Taliaferro, Richard W Thompson, TUImghast,
Toland, iomlinson, Trumbull, Van Bureo, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Ward, Edward I) White, Thomas W Williams,
Joseph L   Williams, Yorke, and Augustus Young—106
NAYS-Messre Adams, Arnold, Arnngton, Atherton, Black,
Bous, Boyd, A V Biown.MUton Brown Burke, William O But.
ler, Green W Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, John Campbell,
William B Campbell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Oary,
Casey, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A Cooper,
Cravens, Cross, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Deberry Doan, Drag,
John C Edwards, Egbert, Iohn G Floyd, A L Foster, Thorn
as F Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmer, Goggm, William O
Goode, Graham, Green, Gwm, Habersham, Harris, Hastings,
Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hnbard, Hunter, John
W Jones, Andiew Kennedy, King, Lane, Lewis, Lion, Little
field, Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Malloiy, John T
Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Miller, Mitchell, Owsley, Payne,
Raynei, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett, Rogers, Roosevelt Saunder¡>,
Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, William Smith, Sprigg, hteenrod,
Summers, Sumter, John B Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tnple't, Turney. underwood, Warren, Washington, Watter
son, Wellei James W Williams, Christopher II Williams,
Wise, and Wood—102
The question then coming up on ths passage of
the bill-
Mr. McKENNAN demanded the previous ques-
tion, under the operation of which the bill was pass-
ed—yeas 10S, nays 103, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Landaff W Andrews, Sherlock J
Andrews, Appleton, Aycngsr, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Bar
ton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden,
Bnggs, Brockway, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell,
Calhoun, Cnlds, Chittenden John C Claik, James Cooper,
Cowea, Cranston Cushmg, Garreit Davis, Richard D Davis,
John Edwards, Everett, Ferris, Fessenden Fillmore, Gerry,
Giddings, Patrick G Goode, Gordon, Grander, Cus'ine Hall,
Halsted, Houck, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J Ingerscli,
Joseph R Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W Irwin, Keim,
John P Kennedy, Robert McClellan, McKennan, Thomas F
Marshall, Samson Mason, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Moore,
Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Newhard, Osborne, Parmenter,
Pearce, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Proffit, Ranrsay, Berjamm
Randall, Aleyande"- Randall, Randolph, Read, Ridgway, Riggs,
Fcdney, Will am Russell, Tames M Russell, Sallonstall, San
ford, Slade, Truman Smith, Sollers Stratton, John T Stuart,
Taliaferro, Richard W Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tom-
linson, Trumbull, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ward,
Edward D White, Thomas W William , Joseph L "Williams,
Yorke and Augustus Young—I0o
KAYb—Messrs Adams Arnold, Arringtcmr Atherton Black,
Bo'ts, Bjyo, Aaron V Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, William
O Butler, Green W. Caldwell Patrick C Caldwell, John
Campbell, William B Campbell, Thoina" J Campbell, Ca
ruthers, Cary, Casey, Clifford Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark
A Cooper, Cravens, Cross, Daniel, Diwson Dean, Bebeiry,
Doan, Doig John C Edwards, Egbert, John G Floyd A L
Foster, Thomas L Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmer, Goggin,
William O Goode, Graham Green, Gwm, Habersham, Harris,
Hastings Hays, Ho'mes, Hopkins, Houston Hubard, Hunter,
William Cost Johnson, Ca7e Johnson, John W Jones, Andiew
Fenredy, King, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield, Abraham Mc
Clellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, John Thomson Mason,
Mathiot, Mathews Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Owsley, Pdyi e,
Rayner, Reding, Reynolds Rhett, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saun
ders, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, William Smith, Spring, S een
rod, SummtJis, Sumtei, John B Thompson,fJdcob 1 homp^on,
Triplet!, Turney, Underwood Warren, Wavhmgton Waiter
snn, Weller James W Williams, Chr stopher II Williams,
Wise, and Wood—J03
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McKENNAN moved a reconsideration of
the vote just taken—rejected without a count.
Mr. RANDOLPH moved to amend the title by
sinking it out, and inserting "a bill to provide reve-
nue from imports, and to charige and modify ex-
isting laws imposing duties on imports "
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved to amend the mo-
tion, by adding the words "and to pro'ect domes-
tic manufactures,"
Mr. STANLY hoped the amendment would be
adopted, and moved the previous question; under
the operation of which the amendment of Mr.
Roosevelt was rejected—yeas 74, nays 105, as
follows.
YEAS—Messr*. Adams, Arnold, Arnngton,
Atherton, Ayengg, Babcock, Barton, Black, Botts,
Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, William O Butler,
P C Caldwell, J. Campbell, W. B Campbell,
Cliff rd, Clinton, Coles Colqunt, M A. Cooper,
Crav ns, Cross Dame) G. Davis, R. D. Davis,
Dawson Egbert, A L Fos>er,T P Poster,Gam-
ble, Gertry, Green, Gwm, Habers-bam, Harm,
Holmes, Hopkins, Hous'on, C Johnson, King,
Le.vis, Littlefield, A. McClellan, McKay, McKe-
on, Mallory, J T. Mason, Maxwell, Maynard,
Mitchell, Payne, Rayner, Reding, Rhett, Rodney,
Rogers, Roosevelt, J M. Ru«sell, Saunders Shaw,
Shields, W. Smith, Sprigg, Slanly, Steenrod, Sum-
ter, J Thompson, Tnnlett, Turney, Underwooi,
WarreD, Watterson, Weller, Wise, and Wood—
74
NAYS—Messrs Allen, L W Andrews, S. J
Andrews, Appleton, Baker, Barnard, Beeson, Bid-
lack, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Bnggs,
Brockway, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Bur-
nell, Calhoun, T. J. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey,
Childs, Chittenden, J. C Clark, Cowen, Cranston,
Cusbing, Deberry, J Edwards, Everett, Perns,
Fessenden, Fillmore, J Q.Floyd, Gerry,Giddings,
Goggin, P. G Goode, Gordon, Granger, Gustine,
Hall, Halsted, Houck, Howard, Hudson, Hunt,
C. J. Ingersoll, J R. Ingersoll, J. Irvin, W. W.
Irwin, Keim, J P. Kennedy, Linn, R. McClellan,
McKennan, T. P. Marshal], S. Mason, Mathiot,
Mattock , Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrew,
Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Pearce,
Plumer, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, B. Randal!, A.
Randall, Randolph, Read, Ridgway, Rtggs, Wm.
Ru'sell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Shepperd, Slade,
Truman Smith, Stratton, John T. Stuart,
Summers, Taliaferro, J. B Thompson, Ttlling-
hast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Van Buren,
"Van Renstelaer, Wallace, Ward, Washington,
E. D. White, T W Williams, C H. Williams,
J. L. Williams, Yorke, and A. YouBg—105
The question recurring on Mr Randolph's mo-
tion, it was carried without a division.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE,
The House adjourned.
[Correction.—In the brief notice taken of the
proceedings, of the House on Saturday last, we
substituted the name of Mr Sstheb for that of
Mr. Cross. The amendment of the Senate, No.
25, in relation to the salary of the Surveyor Gen-
eral of Arkansas and the Survey or General of
Wiscon-in and Iowa, being under consideration,
Mr. Cross said he hoped it would prevail. That
in the case of the Surveyor Genera! of Arkansas
two thousand dollars had been uniformly appropn-
a'ed as the salary of that officr, ever since the ad-
mission of the State into the Union, and to reduce
it now, would not only be a departure from usage,
but do great injustice to ihe incumbent. The office
was loca'ed at the seat of Government, (Little
Rock,) where house-rent and the cost of provis-
ions were as high as in this city. It was an im-
portant and highly responsible office; and the pres-
ent Surveyor General was a worthy, competent,
and efficient officer. Fifteen hundred dollars
would not enable the Government to retain the
services of such men in a Southern climate, where
the expenses of living were so high, and the labor
and responsibility so great He hoped the recom-
mendation of concurrence would not be sustained.
The hour of 3 o'clock having arrived, Mr. C.
appealed to the committee ta allow him to explain
the item making sn appropriation for the payment
of arrearages due in consequence of the treaty held
m 1835 with the Caraanche and other wild tribes
of Indians at Camp Holmes, but without success ]
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 23,  1842.
The reading of the journal was dispensed with.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from
Thomas Baldwin and five hundred citizens of Bos-
ton,'praying Congress to pass, at the present session,
a revenue bill—either the one vetoed, striking out
the distribution clause, or some similar tariff for
revenue.
Mr. C. Verged leave to say that the communi-
cation accompanying the petition states that, so far
as known, not one of the petitioners approved of
the exercise of the veto. Ordered to lie on the ta-
ble.
On motion of Mr. BATES, the Committee on
Pensions wa^ discharged from 'be further consider-
ation of the several petitions of pension agents,
prtymg compensation for services heretofore ren-
dered. Mr B stated that a bill had been reported
from that commmee, and passed, to pay for ser-
vice  of pension agents in future.
On motion oí Mr. B., the same committee was
discharged from the petitions of Daniel Hay and
Wm  E Woodruff
Mr. B also, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of certain
citizens of Maine, praying for an increase of the
pension allowed William Churchill ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. B. also, from the same committee, reported
adversely upon the bill from the House to restore
certain invalid pensioners tu the pension roll, and
