928
that it shall be the sole and exclusive judge. And
what do you propose by this bill? You propose to
reject them under certain circumstances. Is not
tins, in effect, to outlaw them? The term is an ex-
pressive term; and it is directly applicable It is
an outlawry, not merely of the members elect, but
of the people who elected them It is a clear and
flagrant violation of the Constitution. If the States
must be disfranchised, i(a matter surely wh ch
the S nate ought to deplore ) when the calam-
ity comes, let it not be ltifl cted by the Senate
If the members of a Stale are to be expelled frosi
the 28 h Congress, let not the edict of expulsion
come from the Senate; and, above all, in advance
If the catastrophe must take plac, let the dtsfran-
chisement be inflicted by that tribunal to which tie
Constitution has given exclusive jurisdiction in the
matter—the House itself. And suppose the House
choose to admit the members elected- what will
your law be worth? Can you expel them? will
your law drive them out' will it disorganize the
House of Representatives? It will have no effect
or operation whatever. It will be a nullity, and
therefore unconstitutional, because every constitu-
tional ¡aw can be enforced. This will be a mere
hrutnm fulmen—of no more value than so much
blank paper Bat there were o her mailers con-
nected with this b 11, which rendered it highly in
expedient and improper [Mr. Walklr here reíd
and conMaented upon that poriion of the bill in
relation to ih  testimony ] Mere hearsay evi
dence—an inquiry into the political character arid
opinions of the voter—general and vague impres-
sions as to his political opinions, were to be taken
as evidence whether he voted for or against a par-
ticular candidate. Was not this a violation of the
great fundamental principles of the common law?
It was a settled rnle of evidence in every court, that
mere hearsay evidence cannot bs received as testi-
mony.
It was perfectly well known that, m some of the
States, (two at the least,) the elections, had already
tafeen place, and they bad had evidence that Geor-
gia would not obey the law, and still later, two
among the largest States in the Union had attempt-
ed to carry into effect us provisions, and failed
The Legislature of Pennsylvania had, after a great
effort, agreed upon a law, but the Governor of the
State if fused n his sane ion, and therefore the
congressional election!  were put over for a year.
Next came Ohio. Anu how did the matter stand
there? When the majority «ere likely to agree
upon a law in conformity with the mandate
of Congress, the minority resigned their seats,
and dissolved the Legislature, *o that no con-
gressional elections could be held in conform ty
■with the recent enactment of Congiess. The
Legislature of his own State, he perceived from
the public paper?, were now debating the question
■whether they would conform to the law. And in
this state oí things, and withm, as he had hoped, a
•very few days of the close of this, the longest ses-
sion of Congress, be believed, that had ever been
held, they w ere called upon to do—what? to pass
another law to attempt to enforce upon the States
of this Union what they believed to be an uncon-
stitutional principle, declaring what should be a
competent return of members elected to the House
of Representares.
The bill'was a violation of the Cinstitution in
another particular. It not merely authorized, but
it required and compelled cenain officers under the
State Governments to perform cer'ain duties, as if
they were officers amenable to tne power of the
Federal Legislature Upon this point, the supreme
courts oí the Slates, where the question had arisen,
had decided (and the decision had been affirmed
by the Supreme Court of the United States) that
State officers—and particularly justices of the
peace—could not be compelled to perfoim any act
in obedience to the mandate of the Fedsral ao
¡honties. He denied that Congress bad any right,
under the Constnution, to ven in justices of the
peace, as this bill attempted to do, the power to fine
and impnqon
He would not at this time—inasmuch as he did
not speak for the puipose of cor-aming time, but
to state the objections which h  sincerely enter-
tained to the bill—pursue the debate farther, until
^
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he beard some plausible ground assigned for the
passage of such a bill—a bill which he must be
permitted to say was obnoxious in all its features,
and clearly unconstitutional.
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out that part of
the bill, beginning at the word "That," in the sec-
ond line of the first section, and ending at the word
"House," in the second section, as follows-
«That it shall be the duty of the officer or board authorized by
the laws of the several States to make the final canvass and as
certain or determine who are elected members of the House of
Representatives of the Congress of .the United States, or to
commission such persons, oi proclaim such results forthwith
after the result shall have been known, to transmit a duly au
thenticated copy of such determination, commission, or procla
mation to the Clerk of the House of Representatives, which
determination, commission, or proclamation shall (if theState
is entitled to more than one Representative) designate the pat
ticulal district for which said Represtntative is elected, from
which at the commencement of the first session of every Con
gress, it shall be the duty of t'i^. Clerk of the preceding Houoe,
or, in case of his death or inability to act then the chief clerk
in his office to prepare a list of the members elect for the or
ganization ot such House Provided He bhall place the name
o{ no person on said list who does nof appear to have been
elected a Representative for some sinale district, in pursuance
of the act entitled 'An act for the apportionment of Representa
uves among the several States, according lo the sixth census :
approved June 25th, 1842
"Second That if such officer or board shall neglect to perform
the duty required of them by the preceding section, it shall be
theduty of such Clerk to receive, m lieu thereof, such determi
nation, commission or proclamation, or a duly authent cated
copy of the same fiom the member elect, and topcepaie his
list accordingly bu no other evidence of a return shall b  re
reived by said Clerk or authorize a membei to take part in the
organization of the House "
And to insert the following amendment
"That the seeond section of the act entitled 'An act for the
apportionment of Representatives among the seveia] States, ac
coidipg to the sixth census,' be, and the same is hereby, re
pealed "
Mr ALLEN observed that that section had un-
dergone very full and elaborate discussion wben
the apportionment bill was before the Sena e, and
various amendmen's bad been proposed, but they
were all voied down—not because they were
deemed unneces?ary, bnt because, if again placed
in the power of the Hocse, it was feared, by the
majority here, that it would not remain a part of
the bill. Public feebng, as far as it had b en mani-
fested upon the subject, was decidedly hostile to tnat
section of the bill. That section had given iiae to
the necessity for this act, and Senators were still
unwilling that it should be repealed. They were
about to throw a firebrand of discord and dissen
sion into the House of Represeniatives at the com-
mencement oí the next Congress They were about
to prevent the organization of the House, and they
were about to do this, knowing tnat the majority
in that House, at this moment, ras far from being
such as represented the feelings of the people of this
Uniin. He called upon Congress to pause in its
revolutionary career. He moved ihe repeal of that
section, because, first, he be!,eved it was unconsti-
tutional, and, in the next place, because its exist-
ence would lead to consequences which they would
all have reason to deplore.
Mr WOODBURY said he would not, at this
late day, have obtruded himself a moment on the
indulgence of the Senate, had not the State which
he, m part, represented, spoken most strongly on
this subject Its Legislature ha 1, with grea' de-
libera'ioa, pronounced the clause in the apportion-
ment bill, directing the States to make single dis-
tricts, both inexpedient and unconstitulional. In
that, he had been fortified as to similar views, ex-
pressed on the same point, on a former occasion.
He regretted that a prominent object m the bill
now beiore us is to enforce that unwarrantable
clause. It is, therefore, void It seeks to carry
into effect a mandate issued to a sovre gn State,
which you are unauthor zed lo issue, and to do it
by di franchising not only theState, but its people,
if they have the firmness and independence to pro-
tect their own rights. Had the clause in the ap-
poruonment bill been only advisory, and been so
treated by Congress, the present measure should
not be resorted to. But this measure tieats it as
an order—a dictation , and now tries to impose
pena'ties on State disobedience. la this way the
S ates are to be considered as our servants, and we
their masters
I concede (hit Congress had power to make di
tncts i"elf, if the Slates, neglected their duty, and
the elective franchise of the people were likely to be
lost.   But no such cause existed for its lnterfer-
' '■ '   """ '                               ,i*    ,:.','
ence. And if there had, Congress should have
finished its own business—carried out its own dis-
tricting—and not have dictated to the S'ates, that the
latter should obey or perform what belonged to the
former to do, in f>ar of pains and penalties under
any omi sion. In that case, we should have wit-
nessed no such outrages as have recently occurred
amoDg the friends of that law in Ohio, in attempt-
ing to defeat a districiir g under it.
Anoiher palpable violation of the Constituí on
in thi> measure, arises from its breach of the pro-
vision in the 5'h section, that "eacft House shall be
the judge of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
its own members " Yet, by the first portion of the
present bill, you are unwilling, and you refuse to
leave the House of Representatives to judge of the
elections and reiurns of its own members. Oa the
contrary, you yourselves, in conjunction, under-
take to judge for them You invoke the President,
al«e, to unite wuh you in judging for them.
Grant, then, that, after an organization, and
after one or two sessions have nearly expired, the
House may be al'owed to admit the proper per-
sons to their seats, yet yoa hereby direct for them
who shall be admitted in the first instance, and in
the cbo'ce of Speaker, and all officers, and in making
rules, as well as, afterwards, in half the legislation of
the whole Congre<s On one occasion lalely, 1 believe,
the right of election of members was not settled till
far into the second session. What power have yoa
to order a dífunet Cierk whom he shall permit to
vote? What right to say he shall admit any mem-
beri, when the Constitution provides that the mem-
bers shall settle the question for themselves.
Why does not the bill provide whom our
Secretary shall place on the roll of Senators?
There is the same reason for it on account of con-
venience. Some States elect Senators by joint bal-
lot of their two Houses, and some by separate bal-
lot. "Why not, then, m erfere with this Hou«e and
its members, and provide that no persons thall be
registered, who do not present certificates showing
that they were elected on joint ballot? No, sir;
either provision, ordering the Clerk of either
House to regula'e the admission of members in
either Hou«e, and made by one Congress for a
guide to another and subsequent Congress, is a dan-
gerous encroachment; and must and will be resisted
by future members as a usurpation.
Without dwelling longer upon constitutional ob-
jections, (which are more numerous, and very com-
plicated,) remember that there is likewise a great
question of expediency standing in opposition to
tins alarming inno"a'ion It involves serious con-
siderations of Sta e prule as well as S'ate rights.
It is momentous in a cifis of the country ffke this.
The States embarrassed, in ernal dissentions vio-
lent, our own councils here at the heart divided
and distracted—is this a moment to excite new col-
lisions, and -seek to dragoon sovereign States into
unconstitutional measures? Or is it not rather an
írrperative dutj,in such an exigency, to avoid
doubtful stretches of power, conciliate the offended;
promote harmony, and secure, if possible, frater-
nal feelings among all the members of the Union?
Mr. WRIGHT, in answer to his. inquiry to that
effect, having been informed that the yeas and
nays had b«en called for and ordered on Mr Al-
len's motion to amend the bill by a provision to
repeal the second section of the apportionment bill,
observed that he did not me with the hope that
any aigument would avail to arrest ihe progress
of this bill, in ine face of an obvióos determination
to pajs it in spile of all argument and remonstrance.
He had expressed his views somewhat at large
on the subject of coercing the several Stales of this
Union when the apportionment bill was under dis-
cussion. But circumstances had since transpired,
wbieh strengthened his opinions, and went far to
verify the predictions he then made. He alluded
to the recent action of several States in reference to
Ihe apportionment act He Dad undertaken to say,
when that act was on its passage, that it w uld not,
Ana could not, contiol the States in their elections
of Represeniatives For this declaration he was,
at the time, designated a nullifier. If his opinions
on thatsubject entitled him to the appellation, sev-
eral of the States had since declared themselves
I of the same opinion   They had virtually annulled
