930
i   "n"      m      ■!   Ti  ir i        ■■                  i               n        , ir    ~T   i|    l'|i   T,     —in
JHe hoped, twfore evening, gentlemen would see
the pn priety of laying this bill on the table. If
some motion to that effect were not made and
adopted before the bill came to its third reading, he
would feel himself bound then to make it himself
M' KING remarked, that, with regard to such
of the Slates as had already held their electioBs,
this must be regarded as an tit post facte law, and
therefore clearly unconstitutional Without going
into the subject more at large at present, he would
suggest to the opposite side, that the bill had been
has'ily taken up; that the Senate was not prepared
ioi the discussion; and that, at lea^t, it ought to be
postponed till there was time for due deliberation,
and a full Senate. He would therefore move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill till
to morrow.
Mr. ARCHER observed that he had, on former
occasions, resisted appeals for delay, m consequence
of the manner in which they were made; but this,
coming from so respectablea source, and made in a
manner at once so proper, respectful, and cour-
teous, he could not resist. As it seemed to be the
Sena oi's wish to obtain time for information to
discuss ¡he subject, he should certainly vote for his
mo ion to postpone the bill till to morrow.
Mr LINN did not, he supposed, understand the
Senator';, expressions Had the Senator from
Alabama asked the other side for any favoi?
Mr ARCHER explained, but his explanation
was not distinolly heard
The farther consideration of the bill was then
postponed till to morrow
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, House bill enti-
tled An act for the relief of William R. Slay-
maker was taken up, as in committee of the whole,
considered, reported to the Senate, and finally
passed
On motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON, the Senate
then proceeded to tbe consideration of executive
business, and, after some time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 23, 1842.
Mr. STANLY asked leave to submit tae fol-
lowing joint resolution
JOI'ST RESOLUTION authorizing experiments to be made
í r the purpose of testing Samuel Colts submarine battery
R°solved by the Senate and Bouseqf Representative? of
Vie United Slates of America in Congress assembled That
tie isecietary of the Navy be and he is hereby, instructed to ren
der Mr Samuel Colt facilities to test hlssubmanne battery
to an extent, which will settle the questions whether there can,
with tase and safety, successfully be employed a power suffi
ei" it i 'estoy (he largest claaa ships of war, when in motion
passm" in or out of harbor without the necessity of approach
wi hnreaciofsh tfrom gunsof the largest calibre, and wheth
ei coi tin ip I oi erations, af ei th° destruction of one or more
vts&els cm beeli ftp 1 without removing the means under ex
i osure to an advancing squadron, ind whether the same can
be use! for the lefence ol a harbor, without endangering the
passage in t r out of other than hostile vessels
And be it further resolved That should Mr Colt's s ibma
nne ba tery stan I the above test he is hereby authorized to pro
ceed ur der the direction ol the Presi ent and the becretanes of
t le Navv an 1 of Wai to fortify whatever harbor may be agreed
upiuloi that pui pose, pro/ided he will undertake the same at
a coa not ex eeding to* mean costof theTJnite'd Statessteam
ships Mboouri and Mississippi, the necessary expenses tobe
paid out of any money m the treasury not otherwise appro
pnattd
INo objection having been made, the resolution
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr MALLORY moved to refer it to Ihe Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and asked the gentleman
from Nsrth Carolina if he would be willing to ex-
pend six or seven hundred thousand dollars for the
purpose of testing an experiment.
Mr. WISE had no objection to the refeience of
the resolution to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
but he thought it was rather hasty to pass it in the
present form. The first part, Mr. W. believed,
."as authorized by the ordnance bill of the last ses-
sion, wh ch authorizes the Secretary of the Navy
to expend a certain sum in testing experiments.
He would remark, that there were other inventions
for submarine explosions besides Mr. Colt's, and
it would be unreasonable to give hrs the preference,
without giving the others an equal chance. He
was not prepared to say which was best. At all
events, he was opposed to the latter part of the re-
solution, which proposed to authorize the Secretary
pf the Navy to enter into a contract with Mr. Colt   j
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for laying down his submarine shells He thought
he had understood from the Secretary of ihe Navy
the nature of Mr Colt's inveniion, and it was not
necessary to lay the shells down in time of peace.
It would be only necessary to test their value; and
if the result proved to be satisfactory, keep them
ready, to be laid down at the necessary points m
time of war
The reference was then made to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr COOPER of Pa moved to take up the bill
for the relief oí Samuel Siaymalfer, which, after
some observations from Mr. COWEN, in favor of
taking up other private bills, was agreed to, and
the bill was read twice, and referred to the Com
mittee of the Whole.
Mr BARNARD called up the resolution, hereto
fore submitted by him, to take the remedial justice
bill out of Committee of the Whole in one hour
after it shall be considered the next time.
Mr ATHERTON called for the reading of tbe
rule on which the resolution was founded, and it
was read
Mr SAUNDERS moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and the yeas and nays being called for, a
count was had to ascertain if one fifth of the mem-
bers present demanded them, resulting in ayes 20,
noes 60.
There not being a quorum voting,
Mr. FILLMORE moved a call of the House,
which was ordered, and the roll being called, it ap-
peared that 158 answered to their names.
On motion of Mr. BARNARD, further proceed
ings under the call were dispensed with
The yeas and nays were then ordered on Mr
Saunders's motion to lay the res lutisn on the ta
ble, and the vote having been taken, the motion
was rejected—yeas 73, nays 82
The resolution was then adopted—ayes 75, noes
54
POST-ROAD BILL
On the motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the House
went into Committee of the Whole on the slate of
the Union, and took up "A bill to establish certain
post-roads "
The committee proceeded through the items in
relation to the post-routes in Maine, New Hamp
shire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Vermont, New
Yo k, New Jersey, and Pennsy'vama, m psrt
The committee, at 12 o'clock, rose, t<v want 0f
a quorum, and Ibat fact was rspor'ed to the
House
Mr. HOPKINS moved a call of (he House, on
which he called for tellers, to ascertain it thsre was
not a quorum present
Tellers were ordered, and, having taken the vote,
announced 93 in ihe affirmative, and 40 in the neg
ative—being more than a quorum
The Hf-use again resolved itself into Commi tee
of the Whole, and proceeded with the considera
Hon of the bill
On several divis ons, however, it was found dif-
ficult io get a quorum to vote The comrrut
tee then proceeded with Ihe items in relation to
Maryland, District ot Columbia, Virginia, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mis
sissippi, Louisiana, Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Mane, Arkansas Michigan,
Wisconsin, Iowa, and Florida
At half-past 2 o'clock, on a division—there beirg
but 112 in the affirmative, and 2 m the negative—
Ihe committee rose for ihe want of a quorum, and
reported lhat fact to the House
A call of the House was then moved, and agreed
to The Clerk called the roll, and 117 members
were found to be in attendance The absentees
were then called, and 128 were found to be pres
ent The doors were then closed; but all further
proceeding under the call were immediately dis-
pensed with, and the House again resolved itself iu
Committee of the Whole, and proceeded with the
bill.
Mr VAN BUREN offered an amendment, es-
tablishing a route from Kingston, via Eddysville,
to Esopus, New York.
Also, a route from Marbleton, via Olive, io
Shokan; which was, lost.
After a nurabar of amendments had been adopt
ed—                                                                        F
'                                   ii.              n        mr     ■    1   ,                                ■    <-■    *-[rini
Mr C. H WILLIAMS moved to lay the bill
aside, to be reported, which motion was carried.
Mr. C H WILLIAMS moved to take up the
bill authorizing a survey and examination to bo
made of the harbor of Memphis, Tennessee; which
was agreed to, and, on motion of Mr. W , Ihe bill
was laid as de, to be reported.
On motion by Mr MOORE, the committee took
up the bill to reimburse the State of Louisiana for
ctrtam expenditures incurred by her for a detach-
ment of her militia that was employed in the Flori-
da war   atnended,'and laid aside, to be reported.
On motion by Mr STANLY, the committee
took up the bill making an appropriation for the
erection of a marine hospital near Ocracock, North
Carolina A Her some remark* from Messrs
CAVk JOHNSON and STANLY, the bill was
amesded, and laid aside, to be reported
On motion by Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, the
committee rose, and reported the bills to the
House
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, from the com-
mittee of conference on the dis?greeing votes of the
two Houses to the Senate's amendments to the con-
tmgen'-y bill, made a report thereon, which was
read.
Mr. I then moved a concurrence in the report
of the committee, and called for the previous ques-
tion—under the operation of which, the motion
was adopted.
On motion by Mr FILLMORE,
The House adjourned.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE GLOBE
HoijSE op Representatives,
August 23,1842.
Y our reporter has reported me truly, in making
me say yesterday, when my name was called on the
engrossment of the tariff bill, that it was the bitter-
est pill I had ever had to swallow, and that the ne-
cessity of the case alone could induce me to vote
" ay " And you are also correct m saying that the
Democrats who voted for the bill, did so "against
both their inclination and their judgment," at least,
I know it was so with me. Nothing but the de-
plorable situation of the Government, brought on it
by the reckless misrule of the Whig majority in
Congress, and the abandonment of the wreck they
had made—the doubtful existence of any law to
collect any revenue, and the impossibility of getting
another bill passed at this session which would
stop the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands—could have induced me to vote as
I did, tor I am not one of those who believe high
tanffs or taxes will promote the interests or remove
the burdens of the people.
Nor w ould these, strong as they are, have been
sufficient reasons, had it not been for the hope that
the fcenate would remove from the bill some of its
moie onerous provisions, and, should this hope fail,
the full confidence that, at an early day, a Demo-
ciatic Congress would remove such portions of it
as maj be tound oppressive on any section of the
country, or any oí its industrial pursuits. Nor
will it be less then duty to reduce the expendi-
tures of the Go\ernment to the lowest possible
point—the only tme and efficient means of bringing
permanent relief to all parts of the country, and re-
ducing tanffs of duties or taxes on the people.
Yours, truly,
CHARLES BROWN.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, August 24, 3842.
M TALLMADGE presented a memorial, nu«
•ntnusly signed by shipwrights, joiners, and me-
chanics, and others connected with shipping, resi-
dents of New York cuy, praying that sheathing
copper may be introduced free of duty.
On motion of Mr T — the tariff bill being now
before the Senate—tbe petition was laid on the
table.
TI e PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
Sta'es, communicating, in reply to two resolutions
of the Senate, that, in the present state of the cor-
respondence on the imporiant subject of securing
payment of the awards made by tbe Mexican com-
