314'
0amifó5Sf6Ná£' Gh(MÉ>
Mí,"G!U 'VENSfefsf hoped nor. Hé hoped the
bill O'.w in uider, as he qnfint*1lé'ditksiif£Ss bf yes-
terday," wctojcrbe disposed of.
^e'^uésríon then recunred on Mi. Benton's
motion to go into executive session, and resulted—
av<% Sufhnes-21.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved to proceed
«rirbíbe btlí tt) regulate the taking of testimony ¡n
ca-^es of eontes'ed elections, and for other pur-
poses.
Tne-'biü was accordingly taken up, as in comm t-
te  Of the tyhoté—the question pending being on
M^ Berrien's amendment, as follows:
"Andproviieifurther, (in substance,) That nothing in this
section, 01: m the act therein referred to, shall be held to extend
to the «lection ofanyperson who shall be chosen a Representa
tive 19 the 28th Congress m any State m which, by the laws of
such State, the election for Representatives to Congress is re
qurred to he fnade by general ticket, and where the election
has b$ea held, or may be held, before the regular session of her
Lf"iislatu«e, according to the actentitled 'An act providing for
he apportionment of Representatives among the several
Stated according to the sixth census '"
Mr ARCHER moved the following amendment
to the amendment, as an addition •
1 V< less the Governor of any State shall, before the time
«ppt-i ipj by law for holding such elections therein, by his
pn c amation, postpone the same until after the next meeting
of 110 L gislature thereof"
Vr WfilQHT allied it he ">as correct in his
un t í-t-ífld r^ cf ih¡" propes'd amendment, ihat it
wou'J, 111 effort, confer on the Governor of any
S ate the power to postpone an election, wiihout
b* 1 § au horized to do so by any law of his
S ate
Mr. ARCHER was un lerstood to reply that, if
there was no Slate law on the subjec , this act
wculd empower lha Governe-r to ma' e the post-
ponement by proclamation I> would gire «uch
Sutes as elect by general ticket, but might prefer
the district system, the opportunity of being dis-
tricted bv thet* legislatures.
Mr. WRIGH F then remarked that, oh the Sen-
ator's own aJm'-suin, tins was a most extraordina-
ry assumption on tne part of Congress—to confer
a power on the Governor of a State which the laws
of bis own State did not confer.
Mr. BERRIEN did not think the effect of the
amendment wou'd go beyond inertly enabling the
Governor of a Slate to express the will of the State
by proclamaron, postponing the election till the
regular meeting ol its General Assembly.
After a few remarks from Messrs. PORTER
and ARCHER—
Mr WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, and they were
ordered.
Tne qaestion was then taken on Mr. Archer's
amendment, and resulted in the affirmative—yeas 
21, nays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Berrien, Clayton, Conrad,
Crafts', Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Mangum, Miller,
Moretead Porter, Preston, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague Trilmadge, White, and Woodbridge—21
Na\3—MfSMs Allen, Bagby, Barrow, Benton, Cuthbert,
Hendei mm, Kine, Linn, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Woodl ury, Wrigh', and Young—15
Mr KING moved to «¡tribe out the words "is
required to be made by general ticket," and insert
"ace ird ng to the existing laws of such State "
His object was to give the same relief to States
no v electing by the district system, which have
do ble disipes, as to those electing- by general
ticket. For instance: there were some State   h ch
had double dairies, aid would not have time to
effect the change required. Though he disapproved
of tne law, he was anxious, knowing it would bj
pressed through, to render it as little onerous a-t
po.sible, and to get nd of those provisions which
wculd certainly produce much difhculty and cllt-
ston wiib the Gen ral Government at the next or-
gamzanon oí the House of Representatives. No
¡neopvemence or abandonment of ihe general prin-
ciple c mid result irom lett ng the S ate laws stand
as they are, and p<- into effect with regard to the
next Congress This wou d avud the array of the
General Government agam-t the States, or of the
Slates against the General Government.
Mr ALLEN wished he Senator from Alabama
< ould so shape or wen fy his amendment as to
render the second sec'ioo of the apportionment in-
operative with respect to the next Congress. He
believed his object would be «fleeted by cutting off
a'l the amendment af er  the wo.ds "next Con
gress."
Mr, KING, to enable tie Senator 10 make that
proposition, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. ALLEN ihen moved to strike out all after
the words "the twenty-eighth Congress."
Mr CRITTENDEN, not having been attend ng-,
wished to kno v what the propoM 11 n «is
Mr ALLEN explained that h.s mo .on w-«¡ to
amend the amend nent, by striking out all after the
word  "ihe twenty-eigh h Congres* *'
Mr. WOODBURY observed ihat he wculd him
self have offered the amendment, had he rot betn
anticipated by the Senator from 0110. In seveia1
of the States it might < ccur—ss uas spparen' b)
what had occurred in the Stale of Ohio—t^at, 1 ith
a sincere desire 11 dis'nc. ihe S a e=,H could no > e
accon p ished in ibe sudden manner n qu tp 1 It
was certain!) but right to cxclud  th* pieCions <0"
the 28ih Congress from the effecs of lh« law On
this, amendment he called for the jeas and nay,
which weie cide'ed
The question was then taken on Mr Allen's
amendment, and íesulted in the negative—jeas 19,
nays 24, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bjgby, Benton, Buchanan Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fnlton Henderson, King, Linn, Rives, Sevier Siui
geon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—19
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Bayard, Bemen, Choate
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton Evans Graham,
Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Mniehead Porter Pres
ton, Simmens, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and Wood
bridge—24
Mr. KING renewed his amendment to stake
out "in \ iich the elections of such Sute &ra mate
by general ticket," end insert, "accotdirg to the
existing laws (f such Slates." On this quest>on he
called for the yeas and na>s, wirch we e ordered
The question was then taken, and resulte i ¡n
the negative—yeas 19, nays 24, as follov s:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagbv, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Tulton, Henderson, King, Linn, Rives Sev cr Stur
geon, Tappan, .Walker, Williams, Woodbu , WugV rnd
Young—19
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Bates, Bayaid, Bemen, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Craft0, Crittenden, Dtvtoi, Lvans Giaham,
Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, MiIIpi, Molehead Porter Pres
ton, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and Wood
bridge—24
Mr. ALLEN object d that ihe amendment re-
lated to ihe apportionment act including tne ratio
of represenlatit n; in* ead of to the second secüon
of that act, which relates to districting the Stales
He suggested the necessity oí írserung lbs words,
"the second section of the act entitled An act,"
&c.
Mr. BERRIEN said the amendment referred
merely to the manner of holding election?, sad
could have no bearing on the íatio of representa-
tion.
Mr. WALKER concurred with the Senatur from
Ohio in the necessity of inserting the words ' the
second sec'ion." He would therefore move to in-
sert them.
Mi. BERRIEN accepted the modification.
The que_tion then recurred on the amendment,
as modified
Mr. BERRIEN made a verbal amendment, in-
serting the word "now" after "is."
Mr WOODBURY asked that the amendment,
a' modified, be xnn&
It was read accordingly.
Mr KING wished to have a distinct underspend-
ing as to the answer given to the qi'-sttm put by
the Senator from New York—whether it was tha'
this set was to give a power to the Governor of a
State, which the laws of the State aid not confer.
Mr. ARCHER dui not suppose Congress cot<H
give any new power. No such attempt was ír-
tended.
Mr. KING h?d understood *he Senator from
Virginia, in answer to the Sena or from New York,
to have admitted that it was to gne the Go/ernor
of a State a power not vested tti htm by any law 11
the State.
Mr. BERRIEN did not suppose any Governor
of a State would exercise a power not vested in
htm by the laws of his State.
Mr CRITTENDEN wished to s ate his under-
standing of the measure now under discussion
The apportionment act was in existence, and this
bill was only to render that law operative.   This
authority lo the Gjvernor was only to issue bis
proclaman m in eonrormity  ,ih the la<vs and
wishes of his S ate¡and (bis amendment was mera-
h to make the present bill legal ze, as far as Con-
gress was concerned, the effect of that proclama-
tion.
Mr. WALKER said that, frcm the explanation
of the Senator fr Ti Kentucky, [Mr Chittenden,]
it would appiar that tus propositen was not to
coi fei any porer on a Governor of a State to sus-
perd th  ei olí n by prtclamation, unless such
power was conferred bj the laws of the State. If
that was. -eally so, he would vote for it.
Afier a few remarks from Messrs ALLEN and
CRITTFNDEN, he question was tsken on Mr.
Berjuen'u amende ent as rrodified and amended,
 od resulted in the affiraa'ive—ytas 30,nays 6,as
ft Hows-
YEAS—Mess-is Allen, Aicher, Bates, Benton, Berrien, Bu-
rhai an Calhoun, Choaie, Co Tid, Ciafts Cuttenden, Cuih.
hert Eva) s Fulton, Graham i'fnderson, King 11 m, Merrick,
Moiehead, Iltves, Sevier s,mI£h of Indiana Sprague, Tall-
mad=e Tappan, Walker White, Williams, ard Young—30
NAYS—Messis Banow, P-ayard, Clajton, Huntington,
Pottfl, and WoodUldge— 6
Mr GRAHAM moved to strike out—page 6,
1 ne 10 of the 10 h seel en—af er the word "voter,"
toe tollowmg word*, 'an 1 ,n Slates where the vote
is by ba lot, after the giving of the vote has been
proved b\ competent ev d nee, the declaration of
ihe vo'e", at or ab^ut the ^me of voting, or general
reputation a    h s polit'f al character and prefer-
ences, may be recuved, to show for whom he
vot"d "
Mr WRIGHT was very much obliged to Ihe
Senator fr *n Georgia for his a nendment He
hooed it would prevail, foi, if it c.d not, ihe most
in quitou and demora1.zi'g effects would be pro-
du.-td.
hit. CRITTENDEN was willing ihe amend.
n ent shoul 1 prevail
It t>?> aeco'd rwly adopted.
Mr. WALKER moved to «tr k° out—page G sec-
tion 12 line 6— he word " and," aad line 7, the
word " required "
The sec ioi., as it no   stands, enacls
£ That every judge or justice of a court of record, every mas-
ter and examiner m t hanc ry, and every other officer who, by-
the laws oí the State where such elecuon was held is author,
lzed to take afhdav ts, to be read in courfs of record, shall be
an 1 is hereby, authorized, and when applied to by either of
the parties to such contest requzi ed to take the depositions of
all witnesses to the facts involved in buch contest, who may
appear before him "
Mr. GRAHAM did not consider the amendment
necessary. Those duties, were not required of those
persons as State officers, but as persons ca'led upon
by this, act to carry out ,ts piuvi ions The call
mig^t as well havebtsamade upon any freeholder,
or ^ny person nhohad been a judge, or a justice It
oaiy designates a class of persons who have held
important cftices:, and theiefore may be suppesed
in ihe CO. fidenee of their districts.
Mr WALKER thought it a very material
?m nd •■ent The section of the bill, in conjunc-
tion v\ i h others, goes to compel ihe jusfces, judges,
a id of vrs of ihe S'aie, to carry out the laws of
the U i |pd States Ti e officers of the States can-
not h" compelled to perform this doty. Congress,
to cary out us laws by compul'ion, must appoint
lsovn officers. If you can compel an officer of
tb  ? a'e *o perform on<  judicial act, you can com-
p 1 h m io perform any ju'icul ac, and thus jou
mat c «ifoi all h*1 jm'icial pov/irsoi the States.
It is i o dispuied ihat you c-nn^t compel ihe State
cnV rs o to ibtse dutiec, but you say jou only
rVs <"3T e a class cf individuals who are to act in
i Fpi't I capacity Can you n-we a person, and
coronel mm f "cce[t a judicial office'1—
[1 n ess°nger from 'be House ot Representatives
ra hpre announced, with a join* resolu ion to ad-
journ on Mil lay nex' ]
Mr ALLEN moved to postpone ihe proceed-
ings on the bill he ore the Sen-te, with a view of
l kin; up the j >mt resolution just received from
th- Hot,<e oí R presentat.ves On this motion he
called for the veas a^d nay, which were ordered.
Mr. CRiTTLNDEN hoped the motion would
not prevail.
Toe question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and resul'ed in the nsgative—yeas 18^
nays 25, as follows:
