m¿
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CONRAD submitted a resolution for con-
sideration, to the effect that, after Thursday, the
25th instant, the Senate, for the residue of the ses-
sion, meet at 10 o'cli ck, a. m.; and that the reve-
nue bill be the special order, in preference to all
other business, at 11 o'clock each morning, till
finally disposed of.
Objection being made to its consideration now, it
was laid oyer, under the rule.
The joint resolution from the House, appointing
Monday next (the 29ih inst.) for the adjournment
of Congress sine die, was taken up on motion of
Mr. YOUNG,
Mr.TALLMADGE did not feel himself pre-
pared to vote for the resolution. The revenue bill
was yet to be disposed of; also, considerable ex-
ecutive business. Every one concurred that some
measure of revenue sheuld be adopted.
We (observed Mr. T.) are now prepared to act
in good faith on that measure. There may not be
lime to psrfect it, in the three days of this week yet
JO come. The resolution may be laid on the la-
"ble; and it can be taken up at any time, when Con-
gress is ready to adjourn. He moved to lay it on
the table.
Mr. YOUNG asked if itwas in order to move to
lay a subject on the table, the moment it was
agreed to be taken up?
Mr. LINN observed that he had been voting
against adjourning for the last week, in view of
some revenue bill being passed. He begged to
know if the revenue bill was really to be acted
upon. If not, he was ready to adjourn to-mor-
row.
Mr. TALLMADGE said the revenue bill was
reported by the Finance Committee, with amend-
ments, last evening. He could assure the Senator
there was now a determination to act on the rev-
enue bill in good faith, and that he had not the
least doubt it would be passed—perhaps, with some
slight amendments—in a few days.
The yeas and nays on the motion to lay the
joint resolution on the table were then taken, and
resulted in the affirmative—yeas 24, nays 13.
Mr. WALKER hoped, as this might be con-
' sidered as a solemn decision of the Senate, to
proceed, in good faith, with the revenue bill, that
the resolution of the Senator from Louisiana" [Mr.
Conríd] would, by general consent, be taken up
and acted upon.
The resolution was taken up and read, as before
stated, appointing 10 o'clock, A. M., for the meet-
ing of the Senate, and 11 o'clock for the revenue
bill as the special order, till disposed of.
Mr. WRIGHT hoped the Senator would so
modify his amendment as to shape it from and after
this day.
The resolution was so modified, and adopted.
The Senate then went into executive session, and,
after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, August 24, 1842.
Mr. GWIN moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up bill No.
503, being a bill for the relief of General Andrew
Jackson; and on that motion he called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. COWEN suggested, as that motion could
not be carried without a two-thirds vote, the pro-
priety of taking up a resolution from the Commit-
tee of Claims, for authority to employ a clerk du-
ring the recess.
Mr. BARNARD wished the House to go into
Committee of the Whole, for the parpóse of ta-
king up some bill, which he intended to name if
the motion to so into committee were carried.
Mr. FESSENDEN urged the propriety of ta-
king up and disposing of bills which had been re-
turned from the Senate with amendments.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
GWIN, and it was negatived.
Mr. BOTTS submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and M«ans lie in-
structed to report a bill, limiting therate of discount at which
the loan shall betaken, authorized by the act of 15th April last;
and an explanatory provision, denying the construction put on
the loan billat the Treasury Department lelative totbeissi'e
of stack, to perform the functioa of treasury notes.   Also, that
they be, instructed to bring in a bill, repealing the proviso to
the 6th section of the distribution bill, passea on the — day of
September last.
Mr. CATE JOHNSON objected.
Mr. BOTTS moved a suspension of the rules
for its reception; and on that motion he called the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The result was as follows: yeas 61, nays 62.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Nary to report to Congress, the first week in January, in each
year, or as early thereafter as practicable, the amount ofexpend-
iture of each vessel, for the preceding year, including all ex-
penses in repairs thereof, and for the armament or equipment
thereof, and all expenses in keeping her afloat, if afloa'; or in
dock, if lying up; also, the number of days, during the year,
that each ship was actually at sea. And that asimilar report
of each ship, hereafter built or purchased, be made, so as to ex-
hibit an annual and aggregate amount of the cost and expenses
of each ship, and the service rendered by it to the country; and
also specifying the amount for materials, as well as the amount
for labor, in the building or repairing each ship.
Mr.' MALLORY objected.
Mr   CAVE JOHNSON moved a suspension of
the rules; and on the vote being taken, it was found
that a quorum did not vote.
Tellers were called, and ordered; and they report-
ed 88 in the affirmative, and 36 in the negative; so
the rules were suspended.
Mr. STANLY suggested an amendment, to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to employ addi-
tional clerks to enable him to make the returns.
Mr. KING urged the necessity of adopting such
an amendment.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN was understood to
request the gentleman from Tennessee to accept an
amendment, by which it would be imperative on
the Secretary to return the number of officers em-
ployed, and the character and time of their employ-
ment.
The resolution, however, was adopted in its
original form; Mr. CUSHING first asking to be
excused from voting, on the ground that the House
could not make a permanent regulation for the
Navy Department by a simple resolution.
Mr. PROFFIT moved a reconsideration, on the
same ground, arid also because it would cost more
in clerk-hire than th? return would be worth.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN contended that the
return could be readily made without aáditionat
expense.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
CALHOUN, HOLMES, SPRIGG, FESSEN-
DEN, and ADAMS.
Mr. LINN moved to ¡ay the motion on the
table; and it was carried.
Mr. BOTTS submitted a resolution to fix the
adjournment of Cungress for Monday next at 2
o'clock.
Mr. PROFFIT objected.
Mr. BOTTS moved a suspension of the rules,
on which the yeas and nays were called, and re-
sulted—yeas 117, nays 49.
So the rules were suspended.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. FILLMORE observed that it was very evi •
dent the resolution was to be carried; and his only
object now was to explain the reasons why he had
opposed its introduction. He was as anxious to
adjourn as any one in the House; but he was afraid
that the resolution, if adopted, would be misunder-
stood by the other House, and construed as an inti-
mation that no final action on the tariff bill was to
be had at this session. Under the hope that he
was mistaken, he was willing that the resolution
should be adopted, contenting himself with this ex-
portation.
Mr. PROFFIT wished to give his reasons also
for opposing the introduction of the resolution.
He knew that a vote of two-ihtrds was necessary
to carry this resolution, and he tiiefefore expected
to see the friends of a tariff vote asams! it, so as to
keep Congress in session till the bill which bad
betn f-ent to the other House should be passed
upon there. He was surprised, however, to ¡ee ¡-.o
many of th«m voting for this suspension, when ¡h^
effect of their vote would be to dfstr iy i".e tariff
HH. Sir, said Mr. P , you have bent to the Saaate
a hiil of numerous detail', requiring the most
minute examination; and yet you are for passing
a resolution to adjourn—thus inviting them to sus-
pend all further action on i'; for you have given
them but three working days to con-ider it in; and
if it should come back to the House with one soli-
tary amendment, it must be lost.
Mr. GORDON ob.erved that the gentleman
from Indiana was surprised that any one in favor
of a tariff would vote to adjourn, after having sent
a tariff bill to the Senate. Now, he had voted to
suspend the rule, and he should vote to adjourn,
under the belitf that there was no good reason for
protracting the session beyond the day fixed by the
resolution. The only thing that delayed them was
the tariff bill; and whether that was to pass or not,
depended solely en the Senate—every member of
wb/m had made up his mind for or against the
measure. It was the duty of the House, as soon
as it was ready to adjourn, to send a resolution to
the Senate for that purpose.
Sir, (said Mr. G.) we go into Committee of the
Whole, day after day, and make appropriations
that ought not to be mad.-, while they had no reve-
nue to meet ihem with; and that, wiih him, was a
strong inducement to adjourn, wnhouttnore delay.
He was in favor of a revenue tarifi, a~discritnina-
ting tariff, and a tariff sufficient to meet the eco-
nomical wants of the Government; but, in making
such a tariff, he was for no iron or bedstead rule to
go by. He was opposed to the tariff bill that just
passed the House; but was obliged; under the
pressure of circums:ances, to go for it, for it was
me best tLat could be obtained.
Mr. G. was heie called to order, on the ground
that the motion was not susceptible of debate.
The previous question being moved and sec-
onded, and the mam question ordered,
Mr. HABERSHAM moved to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and, on taking the
question, resulted in yeas 68, nays 101.
The question was 'hen taken on the adoption of
the resolution, and canied—yeas 96, nays 71.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentusky moved a recon-
sideration of the vote just taken, and demanded
the previous question; under the operation of which
the motion was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the joint res-
olution introduced by Mr. Stanly, authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to make experiments to
test the value of Colt's submarine battery, reported
the same with an amendment, appropriating
015.000 for that object.
After some remarks from Messrs. WISE, MAL-
LORY, and STANLY,
Mr. ARNOLD moved to lay the resolution on
the tab'e; which motion was carried—ayes 69,
noes 57.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered a resolution
allowing certain extra pay to the messengers and
pages of the House.
Objection being made,
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to suspend the rules;
which motion was rejected—yeas 56, nays 88.
Tne House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Pope in the chair,) and took up the
bill to regulate the pay of pursers in the navy.
Mr. WISE explained me object of this bill to
be, to give the pursers a salary, instead of allow-
in. , them to make exorbitant profits on the articles
sold to the sailor.
It was debated principally on the amount of the
salaries, which, by some gentlemen, were deemed
(oo high.
The question being taken on Mr. C. Brown's
amendment to ihe amendment, it was rejected;
and
Tiie question recurring on Mr. Black's amend-
ment, ¡t was a'so rejecied.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out
3,500, and insert 2,000: rejected—ayes 41, noes
80.
Mr. C. BROWN moved to strike out 3,500, and
insert 2,600.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved to
i insert 3,000; and the question being first taken on
