Mr Campbell's motion—the highest number—it
was rejected.
The question was taken on Mr. C. Brown's
motion; and it was also rejected
Mr SHIELDS moved to strike out 3,000, and
insert 2,750. rejected.
Mr C BROWN moved to strike out from the
13th to the 15th lines. The effect of this amend-
ment (he ^aid) was to get clear of six persons, and
to place those at Boston, New York, Norfolk,
Portsmouih, Philadelphia, and Washington, all
on an equality
After some remarks from Messrs. C BROWN
and MALLORY, the amendment was rejected
Mr C. JOHNSON moved to strike out thf> pro-
vision allowing lo pursers while on leave, or wait-
ing orders, the «ame pay as surgeons rejected
Mr O JOHNSON moved to strike oat the
words " fair valuation," and insert "cost," m the
5th section [The effect of this was, to allow the
pursers to surrender to the Government the stores
they now have on hand at cost, instead of at a fair
valuation ]
This amendment was opposed by Messrs WISE
and MALLORY ; and, on taking the question, it
was rejected.
Mr. McKAY moved to stnk  out the section al-
lowing officers, while doing the duties of a higher
grade, to receive the pay of such grade—on the
ground that it was liable to abuse.
After some remarks m favor of the amendment
by Mr. McKAY, and against it by Messrs WISE
and HOLMES, the question was taken, and it was
also rejected
Mr G DAVIS moved to lay the bill aside tobe
reported, and to take up the bill making an ap-
propriation for the Compendium of the Suth Cen-
sus.       *
Mr T. B KING moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill to the House
A question of order arose as to the priority of
these two motions—Mr DAVIS insisting that he
was entitled to the floor, and that his motion
should be put, and Mr KING insisting on hi*
motion.
The CHAIR decided in favor of the latter, and
put the question; when it was carried
So the committee rose, and reported the bill to
the House; afiei which it was first ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading—ayes 90, noes 40—
and then read the third time, and pas«ed
Mr MALLORY moved a reconsideration of the
vote on the passage of the bill, feut the motion was
rejected
Mr GtWIN gave notice that he would, to mor-
row, move to go into Committee of the Whole to
take up the bill to refund to Gen Jackson trie fme
imposed on him at New Organs in 1815, by Judge
Hall.
Several bills from the Senate were read twre,
and referred to the Committee of the Who'e on the
state of the Union.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, August 25,1842.
The PRESIDENT pro (em laid before the ^en
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
covering' a statement showing the amount of trans-
fers from one head of appropriation to another m
the naval service, made under the direction of the
President of the United Stpte- under  the law oí
Congress of the 30 h June, 1834, and al-o showing
how the appropriations to the naval service last
year had teen applied
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS, ordered to lie on
ths table, and be printed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back   without amendment, Hou e b 11 for
the relief oí Wm   D Cheever
THE VENDING OP LOTTERY TF IBS
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on he D
trict  of  Columbia, to which had been reined  he
b.ll from  th   House to prevent t'k   vending  of
lottery tickets, reported the same 1 ack, wi \ a rec-
ommendation   that   the Senate disagree   to   the
amendment of the Hou=>e to the amendment of the
Senate.
After a few remarks, by Messrs. BAYARD
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and WRIGHT, as to the value of the exist-
ing conn act, and whether it would be sufficiently
guarded in the amendment of the Senate—
The question was pat on concurring in the report
of the committee, disagreeing to the amendment of
the House, and it was decided in the affirmative
Mr. MERRICK moved that the Senate take up
for consideration the resolution submitted by him
yesterday, as follows-
"Resolved, That the President of the United States be re
quesiüd to communicate to the Senate any detailed estimate he
may have caused to be prepared at the Treasury Departmsnt,
since the passage by Congress oí the "bit! to piovide revenue
fiom impoits and to change and modify existing laws imposing
duties on imports, and for other pui poses," of the amount of
levenue which would llave been produced by said bill, if n
had become a law, together with a brief explanation of the
data and reasons on which such estimate was based, which may
have accompanied the same "
The resolution was taken up.
Mr HUNTINGTON remarked that they had had
a report from the head of the Treasury Department,
and now an effort was made to substitute for it the
calculations of a subordinate officer. The resolu-
tion would probably excite discussion, and, for the
purpese of ascertaining whether the Senate were
disposed to adopt a suggestion ef this kind, he
moved that it be laid on the table
Mr MERRICK said that the resolution merely
asked for the estimates which the President had
authorize to be made at the Treasury Department.
The íesclutton made no call upon a subordinate
officer, but on the President ef the United States
He demanded the yeas and nays, which were or-
d red
The question was then taken on the motion to
Uy the resolution on the table, and decided in the
negative—yeas 19, nays 21, as follows.
\ LAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Crafts Cuiten len, Dayton Evans, Graham, Hfnderson, liunt
irgton, Mangum Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Smith of
Indian i ind White—19
NVia—Mtssis Allen, Bagby, Bayard Benlon Buchanan,
Calhoun Cluate, Fulton, King, Linn, Meinck, Sevier, Sim
mons ¡sprague, sturgeon, Walker, Williams, Woodbndge,
Woodbury Wright, and Young—21
Mr EVANS moved so to amend the resolution
as to strike out the words "the President of the
United States," and to call upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to communicate any detailed estimates
which may have been prepared under his direction
at the Treasury Department
Mr. KING. That will defeat the object of the
resolution.
Mr MERRICK hoped that the Senate would
not adopt t-e amendment, for thereby the object
he had in view would be defeated, and which, he
supposed, was tne design of ihe mover of the
amendment He wanted the estimate which had
been a'ready prepared at the Treasury Department,
under the order of the Pre ident, showing what
would probably have b*en the amount of revenue
co leded unuer the bill which had lately pas ed the
tv o Houseful Congress, but which had been dis-
approved urby the President, and they desired to
have this informaiion, with a view to shed light on
the bill which was now before the Senate, which,
with one cr two exceptions, wa& identical with the
vetoed bill This resolution did not call on a sub
ordinate officer for estimates, but upon the Execu-
tive—the head of the nation—relative to the public
business. Nothing could be more legitimate or
proper It was true that they had had estimates
from the Secre ary of ihe Treasury; but, since the
time they were furnished, that officer had been suf-
fering by s c¿ness, and was absent, and during his
abserce another estimate had been rraJe, based
(for aught he knew) on a different state of things
from that which several months ago existed in the
country
Mr EVANS was not satisfied, from anything
that the Senator fiom Maryland had sa d, that it
woul 1 be proper to pass the resolution If they
?drpted the resolution in the form presented, they
would set a pr cedent at once rov 1 and danger-
oi , ¿4 it «-ailed upon the President to submit esti-
tiau s if re enue, lor wnirti, by law, and the thdi-
eecoi tie Government, ihey looked to the Sec
ret?ry of the T.i<-surj He (Mr E) thought
thdt he understood ih s matitr, and where these
c i uñates were made The law sayi that there
shall be a Secretary of the Treasury, and sets forth
his duties, but these estimates now called for were
9j5
not made at the Treasury Department. The Sec-
retary had complied with his duty. The Piesident,
however, passes to the First Comptroller, whose
business it is to settle accounts, and act under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, touch-
ing such matters connected with the collection of
the revenue as may be requned The Comptrol-
ler, in this case, is made the head of the depart-
ment; and the resolution contemplates him as the
head of the department. He wou'd repeat, that the
Secretary of the Treasury had furnished estimates
as to the probable amount oí duties which would
be collected under the revenue bill, and he (Mr.
E ) was authoi zed to say that, after the bill was
on its passage, that officer made a report as to what
it would yield.
Mr. KING said he had not seen such statement.
Mr. EVANS replied that it was not printed.
The Secretary calculated, in that estimate, that the
bill would yield twenty-six and a half millions net.
The President (he said) bad no right in ihe Treasu-
ry Department, and he sent the First Comptroller
there, with a design to overrule and reject the opin-
ion of the fis<al officer of the Government (the
Secretary) whose duty it was by lawn furnish
such estimates. All this might go to throw dis-
credit on the bill, and hold it .up in an unfavorable
light to the ceuntry, and throwing discredit too on
the members of both Houses who voted tor the
bill.
Messrs EVANS and ARCHER spoke at some
length against the resolution, and Mr MERRICK
in its favor—the latter Senator contending ihat ihe
object of gentlemen seemed to be to -hui out he
light which would be afforded by the estimates
which had been prepared by the acting bead of the
Treasury, under the order < f the President. If sucb
was iheir object, he maintained that it would be
more honorable to open'y vote against t^e resolu-
tion, and exclude the information in that way, than
to do it by indirection, as would be the esse if the
amendment of the Senator from Maine [Mr.
EvtNs] was adopted.
The CHAIR here arnounced that the hour
(11 o'clock) had arrived at which t was resolved,
on yesterday, that the Senate would proceed to the
consideration of the tariff bill, and that, therefore,
all debate must stop on the subject now berorethe
Senate.
Some conversational debate took place between
the CHAIR and Messrs CALHOUN and KING,
ARCHER, ar.d MERR1ÍCK, on a ques'ion of
order, whether the proceedings could be thus
abruptly arrested, and whether it was Dot compe-
tent for a simple majority to set aside the order of
yesterday.
It was determined that a vrte of the Sena'e was
required o iet ande t it business pending at the
hour fixed for the consideration of the tariff bi'l.
Mr ARCHER, who was arre ted in his remarks
on the above resoluli in, at 11 o'clock, now resumed
ihe floor, and moved to lay the resolution on the
table, and, the question being put, the motion was
agreed to
Mr. STURGEON called for the special order of
the day—being 'ne tariff bill.
Mr CRITTENDEN moved to postpone all
other business, for tne purpose of taking up the res-
olution for the adjournment of Congress on Mon-
day next
The CHAIR said the question would be first
put on the motion to proceed to the order* of the
day, which being put, it was carried in the affirm-
ative
On motKU < f Mr ARCHER, the bill from the
House entitled An act to change the time of hold-
ing the disiuct court of the western district of Vir-
ginia, and tor other purposes which hsd been re-
ported from thf Committee en the Judiciary, with
cer'am amendments, was taken up as in cmmit-
tet-of ihe «hole The amendments having bren
agieed to, the bill was reported to the'' Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed as amended
Ths Senate then proceeded lo consider
THE TARIFF BILL.
The bill to provide revenue Irom imports, t>rd
to change and modify existing laws imposing < u-
t es on imports, and for other purposes, was taken
. up as in committee of the whole, with thirty-one
