938
i''committee had also taken into account the relations
**'   of ibis country with foreign countries by treaties.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert among free
articles the word "linseed."
Mr. CHOATE believed it was subject to 20 per
cent, duty at present. That, he admitted, was too
high. If the Sanator would allow this amendment
to be negatived, he would submit an amendment
on the subject.
Mr. EVANS assentiug—
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was, to insert, at the end of
the section, among free articles, ''tea and coffee."
Mr. EVANS explained that the object was to
change the phraseology of the exemption as made
by the House. The Finance Committee wished
simply to make those articles free when imported
from the countries ef their growth in American
vessel*. He proposed to amend the amendment
by addm , "when imported from the place of their
growth in American vessels."
After a few remark  from Messrs  CRITTEN-
l^  DEN, KING, CALHOUN, and PRESTON, the
amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended.
Mr. PRESTON called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. KING asked if it was a substitute for the
proposition of the House?
Mr. EVANS observed that it was a change of
the form merely. It was to insert these anie'es
fimong the fiee articles. As it came from the
House, tea is made free when it comes from be-
yond the Cape of Good Hope, in American ves-
seis; and coffee free, at all events. The Senate
amendment rendered the object more explicit.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that, if revenue was
the object of this bill, tea and coffee ought to be
subject to a reasonable duty.   He  did not  intend
*   to vote for the bill; but he  would certainly vote
against this amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked how could the Sen-
ator reconcile it to his consistency to vote against
this amendment, after having, a few days ago, in-
veighed so vehemently against depriving old ladies
of the fifth cup of coffeei
Mr. CALHOUN said the Senator was entirely
mistaken; he had never said any such thing.
Mr. CRITTENDEN observed that he was
probably mistaken; it mutt have been the Senator
beyond the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodbury.]
The question then taken, and resulted in the af-
firmative—yeas 28, nays 15, as follows'
YEAS—Messrs Bates, Berrien, Buchamn, Choate, Clavton
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dayton, Evars, Gra-
ham, Huntington, linn, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps
Porter, Simmons, Smith oflndiana, Spnüue,Tal!madse, Walk-
er, White, Williams, Woodbridge, and Woodbuiy—28
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Banow, Bayard, Benton,
Calhoun, Fulton, Henderson, King, Preston, Rives, Sevier
Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, and Young—15                     '
The next amendment  was to insert anions the
^    free articles copper and patent sheathing for'ves-
sels.
Mr. SIMMONS thought there ought to be at
least 10 percnt. duty on these articles. There were
nine manufactories of copper sheathing in this
country, four of which had lately to t-tr p, in conse-
quence of the foreien competition If there was
any one article of manufacture which ought to be
encouraged, it wa*. this
Mr. EVANS said th>s b-U was already suffi
ciently onert us on the sh.pp-us imeiests of the
cout.try. Already every articl- ihat enters into the
consump'ion of ship builders, i«h?a</ilvTaxed The
r°sult of taxing this sheathing «ould be to drive
the whole busmen of ^hea'tung ships to forcun
countries. He did no' think, for the «ake of some
four or five maoufac urer-., the whole of the ship
ping; imeres's sh< n'd !><■ sacrificed.
Mr WOODSURY oh=erveJ that, if it was true
that nine e-tabli-t-T.en's. had grown up and Ü ur-
ished daring the t"me that the foreign article was
adrm t d free, there could be no possible necessity
for ¡ ivirg them orotectinn
Mr. CHOATE conceived it necessary to im-
pose a sufficient revenue duty on these articles.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WRIGHT referred to a letter he had in his
h*nd, from Josiah Masey <fe Co., of the Society of
Friends, stating that the manufacturers of copper
sheathing had grown rich in competition with the
foreign article, while duty-free. Tney express the
opinion, unequivocally, that if a duty is imposed on
the foreign article, the effect will be that all ves-
sels requiring to be new coppered or re coppered
will go abroad to have it dene; and, at the same
time, will have all the necessary repairs done
abroad also.
There was no very pressing solicitation expressed
by the few manufacturers of the article m this
country for protection; while he and his colleague
had received hundreds of letters from persons con-
cerned in the shipping interests, remonstrating
against any duty. While we talk of protec'ing
American labor, let us inquire whether more of
that labor is bestowed on manufacturing sheathing
copper, or on the shipping interests. If that írquiry
be made, it will be found that the laborers on the
latter are three to on?.
Mr. WOODBURY, in answer to the observa
tions as to revenue, remarked that the revenue
would be obtained in the treasury by the saving m
expenditures for sheathing the vessels of our own
navy. In this item alone, the savings would be
considerable.
Mr. SIMMONS observed that the effect of his
proposition to impose 10 percent, duty, was merely
to counteract, by a countervailing duty, the recent
change in the English tariff. He referred to a let-
ter he had received from the manufacturers of
American sheathing copper, stating that the most
respectable shipping merchants of Boston, Provi-
dence, and New York, were favorable to a duty
on the foreign article.
Mr* WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
recommended by'the Committee on Finance, and
resulted in the affirmative—yeas 26, nays 10, as
followst
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bayard, Benton, Ber
nen, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Conrad, Cuthbert,
Evans, Fulton, Graham, Hendetson, King, Phelps, Preston,
Rives, Smith of Connecticut, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—26
NAYS—Messrs Bates, Choate, Crafts, Miller, Morehead,
Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, and Wood-
bridge—10.
Tne next amendment was one necessary m con-
sequence of the transfer of the articles of "tea and
coffee" to the free list.
Mr. ALLE>i called for the jeas and nays,
which were ordeied. He explained that his ob-
ject was to place his, name on record, and correct
an erroneous position in which it had been placed
oa a former occasion, whereby it might be sup-
posed he had voted agamst the freedom of tea and
coffee from duty.
Mr. KING had foreseen the inconsistency which
wtmld occur inconsequence of the transfer. This
he explained.
Mr. CALHOUN should vote against striking
out, because he was opposed to the novel principle
introduced by the Finance Committee.
The question was then taken, and resulted in the
affirmative—yeas 25, nays 13, as follows:,
YEAS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Chsate,
CI tyton, Conrad, Crafts, Cuttenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Hunrm^'on, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelpi, Portel,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White and
Woodbridge—23
NAYS—MeiM  Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuth-
beit, Fulton, King, Sevier, Smith ol Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, and Wnght—12
Jhr next  m ndment was page '10 lire 2,9, tostrike
out all after the word " fouhwi h " [This portion
of the h 1 wai a re/ivsl of safeguards 'or the col-
lecon of duties on tea ]
Mr, EVANS observed that this proviso revived
all lh^ rei't nee guards re'auve to "teas, when sub-
ject to dn ie-, but as th°y are now fre?, tfure is no
I   necessity 'oi thrse res'iiclions.
After a short explanation froul Mr. WOOD
BURY, (he amendment was. adopted.
The next amenoffient was to ch-inge the term
' one >ear," to "ibree \e=rV as the limitation, af-
ter importation of certain aiticles, to entitie the
importers to drawbacks on exportatien.
Mr. KING asked why the time should be ex-
tended 
Mr. EVANS explained that the object of the
Committee on Finance was to restore the term to
that of existing laws.
Mr. WOODBURY showed that, to reduce the
term from thret years to one, would be a general re-
straint on commerce, and would act injuriously
to our carrying trade.
Mr. KING expressed himself satisfied.
Mr. SEVIER would rather the term was limited
to one month than one year.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was in relation to the
drawback on foreign sugar refined, to strike out "3i
cents per pound," and insert "equal in amount to
the duty paid on the foreign sugar from which it
shall be manufactured; to be ascertained under
such regulations as shall be prescribed by the Sec-
retary ot the Treasury."
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was in relation to ascer-
taining the true value of imports for revenue, after
"insurance," to insert "and including, in every
ca^e, a charge for commissions, at the usual
rates;" and afler "value," to insert "at the port
where the same may be entered;" which was
adopted.
The next amendment was in relation to the in-
spection by appraisers, to strike out "forfeited,"
and insert "liable to seizure and forfeiture on
conviction thereof before any court of competent
jurisdiction "
This amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out the 27th,
28tb, and 29 th sections.
Mr. EVANS explained that thesg sections were
unnecessary, in conseqaence of the recent change
in the fiscal year.
In this Mr. WOODBURY concurred.
The amendment was adopted; as also the next,
to strike out the word "September," and insert
1 Junr .*>
The whole of the amendments of the Finance
Committee having been gone through-
Mr. ALLEN moved to insert in the free list, af-
ter the word "crude," the word "salt."
On this motion the yeas and nays were demand-
ed, and ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment .^
to exempt salt from duty, and resulted in the nega-^S
tive—yeas 17, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Cuthbert,
Fulton, King, Linn, Sevier, Smith of Cornecticut, (Smith of In-
diana, Tappan, Walker, White, Williams, Woodbury, and
Young—17
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Bairow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Ciittenden, Dayton, Evans,
fíranam, Henderson, Huntington, Mangum, Moirick, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Sprague, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, and Wright—27.
Mr. EVANS said that he understood it would
be agreeable to many gentlemen not to proceed
any further this evening, all the amendments of the
committee having been disposed of; and in the hope
and with the understanding that the bill would be *
got through with to-morrow, so that Congress
could adjourn on Monday, he would move to ad-
journ.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the bill, as amended,
would be printed.
Several Senators thought that it was unneces-
sary, and the motion was not prtssed.
The motion for adjournment, at the request of
the Chair, was suspended for the purpose of lefer-
M  bill* from the House; several of which were
rend t./ic, and appropriately referred.
The fortification bill was referred to the Com-
mi tee on finance.
House bill entitled An act to change the time of
hoUing the district court for the western district of
Vi'Sf ía, antt fc-r other purposes, was read the
lhi<\i 'line, and passed
Oí motion of Mr ARCHER, tee bill was so
aiíerrd as tu nad "An act to «.-«-tabhsh a court at
Chailes'own, m the Commonwealth of Virginia."
house bill entitled An art making an appropri-
ation for tne erection of a marine hospital at or
near Oerscoke, North Carolina, vas taken from
the table, and read twice, with a view to reference;
when
