CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
Mr. GRAHAM ask*d the indulgence of the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of the bill
at once. He then explained the importance of es-
tablishing a hospital at this point, where thirty four
millions of property pass annually; and there was
no ^xpttal, except an old warehouse, on those
waters. The appropriation was only $10 000;
which was limited as the whole amount to be ap-
plied to iha* object.
The CHAIR said, if there was no objection, the
bill would then be considered, as m committee of
the whole.
Messrs SEVIER and WHITE had no objec-
tion to the parage of the bill, but were opposed to
giving it preference over the bill providing for the
erection of marine hospitals on the Western rivers
and lakes—sites for which had been fixed upon,
wader a law of Congress, and a large expenditure
of money had been made tor ihe purpose The
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, not-
withstanding this expenditure of money, and the
passage of a Jaw of Gongi ess authorizing the se-
lection of site*, had reported adversely to ihe pas-
sage of that bill, for the erection of the hospitals
They were for linking the fa e of all tho-e hospi-
tals logether; and hoped the consideration of tins
bill would be postponed till to-morrow, when bo'h
bills could be disposed of at the 'ame time
Mr. HUNTINGTON said it was ihe opinion of
the Committee on Commerce that the bill for hos-
pitals on the Western waters should not pass, and
had instructed him to make the motion to lay ihe
bill on the tibie. H: would make that motion
when the bill came up.
Mr. WALKER hoped the motion would not be
wiade, until time had been given to discuss the bill.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said it would not.
The bill was then laid over till to morrow.
THE PAY OP  ABSENTEE   MEMBERS   OP
CONGRESS.
The joint resolution relating to the attendance of
members of Congress, which had passed the House
to day, was taken np for the purpose of reference
The resolution provides that, from and after, the
present session of Ccrgress, ever} member should,
at the close of every session, on or before receiv-
ing the balance due to him frr pay and mileage,
deliver to the Sergeant-at-arms an account, duly
certified, of the number of days of such member's
actual attendance in either House dur ng such ses-
sion, and the number of daj s which he had be n de-
tained from such House by sicin^, for which,
on the closing of his accouni, he should b  paid,
and also for Sundays, and such days ,-s either
House should not have been in session , but no
member should receive compensation for any day
of voluntary absence from theseivice of enhei
House, when such House was in festón.
The resolution having b-en read, and the ques-
tion being, Shall it be read tie second time, with a
view to reference?
Mr. BARROW objected
Mr SMITH of Indiana demanded the yeas and
nays on ordering it to a second teaamg, which
were ordered, and, being taken, resul ed in the neg-
ative—yeas 19, nays 19, as fol'ow 
YEAS—Messrs Aller, Bates Benton, Buchanan Calhoun,
Crafts, Crittenden, Fulton, Graham King Morehead Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut b nith of Indiana Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbuiy, and Young—19
NAYS—Messrs \rehel, Barrow, iiaytrl Beiuen Choate,
Clayton, Conrad Dayton Evans Henderson Linn ^lanüum
Merrick, Miller, Phelps P.eston, Rivei Spiague, and Wught
—19
So the joint resolution was rejected
Mr BARROW subs.quently ro e and «aid he
was not in favoi of kil'ing this joint resolution in
such an indirect way. Tin' people could not un-
derstand tLe manner m *h ch it was done He
wanted to meet the resolu 101 on i1-? ovnments,
and to discuss i' He was < ppo^ed .o the r<*olu-
«on, but his otjeet in otjectmj was rot lo itjtc it,
but to give Senators time to enmnc it in all Us-
bearinas He h^d no id-i that any Senctirde
sired to shrink troin rpopoaomlnj, a"d, therefore,
moved to reconsi ler the vote rejecting the resolu-
tion; which, the question being p it, was earned m
the affirmative
The resolution was then ordered to a second
reading.
Engrossed bill entitled An act providing tor the
completion of the pemtenuary in the Territory of
Ijwa, was read the third time and passed, and th«
title was so amended as to read "An act making
appropriation for certain expenses in the erection
of a penitentiary in the Territory of Iowa "
On motion,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, August 25,  1842
Mr FILLMORE observed thst it was very ap-
patent that they had but little time left to pass
through with the business of the House, and he
had, therefore, asked the Clerk lo look at the cal-
endar of the Senate bills, to see how many of them
could be disposed of Thi< had been done, and he
had ascertiined that ihere were ten of them lying
on the table for a third reading, twenty-seven were
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and twenty-six in Committee of the Whole
House. Thirty one of these were private, and
forty two were public acls. Now, as there was
no hope of gstung any House bills through the Sen-
ate, unless of paramount public importance, he
would suggest ihe propriety of taking np and act-
ing on those Senate bills—disposing first of those
ready for a th.rd reading, and then of those in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and in Committee of the Whole House.
Mr BARNARD objected to the proposition, on
the ground that it would interfere wnh his remedial
justice bill, wh ch was in the situation of unfinished
business.
Mr FILLMORE observed that that bill was
included in his proposition
Mr. F then observed that the fortification bill
had been, after its thud reading, laid on the table,
on the ground thit no revenue was provided to
me t the appropriations therein contained As the
House had since passed a revenue bill, he hoped
the question on the motion for reconsideraron
would be now taken
Mr. STUART oí Illinois moved to lay the mo-
tion for reconsideration on the table, and the veas
and nays being ordered, the question was taken,
resulting in yeas 60, nays 84.
Tne question recurring on the reconsideration,
it was taken, and carried
Mr FILLMORE moved the previons question
on the p*ssa«e of the bill, which was seconded.
Mr ARNOLD called for the yeas and nay?,
which were ordered, and, under the operation of
th  previous question, the bill was passed—yeas
91, nays 90
COLT'S SUB MARINE BATTERY.
Mr CO WEN moved a leconsideration of the
vote by which the joint resolution to authorize fur-
ther experiments with Colt's sub marine battery,
was yeüerday laid on Ihe table.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr WISE explained that there was a sufficient
sum left of the sum appropriated in 1841, for ex-
periments connected with the naval service, to de-
fray the expense of the further einenments on a
larger scale, whicn were now contemplated And
he read a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in
which that gentleman exprés ed his satisfaction
with the expeument which had been tried, La* de-
STtd an expre sion of the opinion of Congress be-
fore others were attempted
Mr ADAMS opposed ihe passage of the íesdu-
tion He Slid the experiment would be but the
throwing of so much money into the °ea, and no
suUi rcso'ution ought to pess. He was as fully
convinced that Hie s\0 em would Le useless to the
Unt "d States, a if ore nurdred 5 ear-, had passed,
but if it coala be made successful, he was oppcoed
10 b'ou i¡  up ship-, of war with vb mar ne bat-
tene- n do e it all, it shouU be a he by fair
jnd Vev)fSí uarlare
Mi ST'iNLY slid, true, the expenmei t wou'd
be 'hrowintiof mo ,<j mío ibcea, but it ho'Id te
'hrrwn th°re f"r a mo<t mvah able pjrpis He
1 e« how d ih¡>t th° late Mr Southard, and o íei
d'S'.ngu'shed gsnbemen who h?d been crnect d
will- the Nav\ B ranmen', approved ot mese ex
penraenis Bet further: no approprmti n woulJ
be required. The money was alieady appropriated,
and if not "thrown into these*" for this, would be
thrown there tor some less important purpose
Mr AYCRlbtG made some observations which
were wholly inaudible at the reporter's db'b.
After some other brief observations from other
gentlemen, the resolution was adopted—yeas 108,
nays 51.
POST ROAD BILL
The bill to establish certainpost road?, which
was acted upon m Committee of the Whole a few
days since, was taken up on the motion of Mr.
HOPKINS, and the House concurred in the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole.
After some débale respec mg an office at the
Theological Seminary, in the neighborhood of
Alexandria, m which Me«srs SMITH and POW-
ELL took part, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed, and was read a thud time and passed.
The business of the morning hour was then an-
nounced to b  in order
Mr ATHERTON submitted the following res-
olution:
Resohed, That the Committee of Wavs and Means be in-
stiuctetl torepoit a hill limning the rate of discount at which,
the lean low auihonzed hy law shall be nt-^otiated, and au
thurizing the issue of treasury note to supply the wants >f
the Government, in lieu of so mi h of said loan as cannot be
thus negotiated
Ob.ections v. ere made, . ud Mr. ATHERTON
moved a suspension of the rules, on which ihe
jeasandnavs were ordered, and resulted as fol-
lows—yeas 75 nays 77.
Mr. GENTRY, from the Commit'ee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to repeal the proviso m ihe
6th section of t1 e act entitled "An aU to appro-
priate the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
and 0 grant pre emotion rights to actual settlers "
Mr THOMPSON of Mississippi r ne to a point
of order The Commi'lee on Public Lands, he
sa d, had no power to onginale that bul The sub-
ject bad nevei been referí ed to (hem by the House;
and he knew oí vo petition, resolution, or order of
the House, referring the subject to them, and in-
structing them to act on it, or on any measure per-
taining to the public lands
Mr. GENTRY said that he would answer the
gen'leman'spo nt of order. The whole questi n of
the pvbhc lands was in the hands of the Committee
en Public Lands, and they had the power to origi-
nate any measure n re'ation to them.
Asain the original bill, which provided for the
distribution of ihe pioceeds of the public land',
came from hat commutee.
Mr WISE would inquire of the gentleman
wnen the comm ttee adopted this report?
Mr. GENTRY said it was adopted this morning.
Mr WISE further inquired whether a quorum
was orcsent «hen the committee adopted the re-
pon?
Mr GENTRY could respond lo this inquiry;
but he preferred mat the rtsponse should be made
by the gentlempn fiom Missisnppi, [Mr. J. Thomp-
son ]
Mr THOMPSON «aid he would state Ihe facts;
and the S,eal er ¡>tid tbe gentleman from Virginia
raigh* decide the fact as to a quorum or not This
is tio* the regular day fir 'he meeting of the Com-
mittee on P iblic Lands. On yesterday, the gentleman
fr m Tern essee reques ed him to attend a special
meeting of the commit ee Ibis morning. To this
he readilv assented, having so-ne business on
which he was anxious 10 have ih° ?c <on of the
Goismitt-f This moriitrg, he was unavoidably
detained at his lod ins; till 1 ear 1 e hour of the ses-
Mffl of this Hou e When >>e cm* 1 this hall, a
note w s hfnded him ti m toe g^n 'email from
Tenn s0ee, ["Mr Gentry] ygain r<.q eslmg his at-
tendance a He toiami ee rooti As a favor to
h m, ^upnos re h" had some busiress '( par icular
1 eres to him eH, he wait immedi te y to the
1 om, ano ton id k ut meml ers present, and that
he (Mi T ) is as recessiry to form a quon m The
rha rann mn u >eed on hi a'rival, that a quorum
was not/ in  i eniUnce, and the gentleman from
Meh'j  [Mr. Howuhd] pr ce d«-d 0 r°3d the
bid just r'pcreJ. He (Mr T ) p-otested against
he bill, 01 in; ground that no pe it or, resolution,
0' ary ordtr wha'c er of the Hou^e, hid Drought
th s ma ier ccfor* ¡b,pcommittee, and tnat ihe com-
m tee were incapable of originating any measure.
