!
two                                            OON0RSSS1ONAL QfcOBE.
———----------%.                                               ;—i
and he proposed 'o postpone toe consideration of
the measure. Though Ike subject bad been sud-
denly sprung nprn hiin, the whole raaiter bore the
appearance of preconcerted arrangement; and it
was due to the other members of the committee,
and the large minority of the House who were op-
posed to this bill, to froceed with some Utile delib-
eration npcn it.
The" discussion progressed for some minutes,
and the Chairman [Mr. Caset] said he doubted ihe
power of the committee to act on this subject, and
that he was wholly opposed to it on the grounds of
expediency; and, besides, the House had then been
in session more than ten minutes. All of us know
that the commit'ees have no right to sit during the
session of this House, wuhout jemission. Wh n
the chairman announced the tact ¡bat ¡he H use
Was then in session, it was his duty to attend the
service of ibis House. And when he (Mr. T)
found there was. no disposition on the part of ¡he
majority of the committee to postpone the ques
tion, after he had assured th"tii thnt the propo-
sition was unexpected—after he had asked a
delay of on'y twenty-four hours, and no spirit
of accommodation whatever was shown;—before
any vote was taken on ih« adoption of the bill, ai.d
before the chairman had put the question to
postpone, he (MlThump'On) arose and bade them
adieu; sajitig, the only course left him was to
leave the committee without a quorum. The rules
of this House made it his duty to attend here. * But
he assured the comimt'ee and the House he had
no excited feeling on this subject. There was no
perverseness—no factious spiiit on his part. After
the members of the committee came 10 ¡he House,
he assured them of hi1  willingness to attend a
meeting of the committee at any time, when he
had allowed him an opportunity of looking up his
friends, and securing their aid on the committee.
He would perform his duty; and, wt,en overruled,
he would afford opportunity to the committee to
effectuate any business legitimately before the
committee. But as the matter now stands, there
is surely no report ever adopted by a quorum of
that committee on this subject. These are the
facts; and the House can decide upon them.
Mr. W1SR inquired of the gentleman from
Mississippi if there was any question taken when
he w;,s present?
Mr. THOMPSON of Mr  is-ippi repVd that n>
vote, and no acticn whatever, was had «hile be
was present
Mr. WISE 'hM  would inquire of liie gentleman
from Temicsoee [Mr. Gentry] ii there was a quo-
rum prfspnt wl.en ihe report wa- adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE rose to a question of o>d-r,
and was understood as ubjec'ing to the quistio s
propounded by Mr. Wise.
Mr. WISE insisted that this «as the proper ume
to settle the matter The committee, or rather a
mironty of it, had adopted a report, when no quo-
rum was pre*en ; and he contended, as a po nt of
order, th3t the Ohair could not receive it.
Mr. GENTRY was entirely willing that the
House should know all the f^cts The gentleman
from Mississippi had slated the facts corrcctlv: but
i must aL  be s'ated that he was lnfuuied that the
commnivf  as p.rpated to pass the rerort; and,
failing toint,"(v thim to p s p ne it, be absented
htm e!i, with i! e JiLOwWge liia to t v ou d 1"?
i.oq.io.um f. i ent it 1 e !• t the ro m U der
th-se crcuir stances, the com in tit, de'e i,m. ed not
to h?ve ir-eit Iusiopí-s cbvp cted rv a >i,)a!<> mem
bcr, a1opt>d ÚV rip rt Tbev w ro in t wiling, l.e
sa'd, to a'qu e;ce in thi-pfi'cij.l''ihat & mimrt.y
cin dife.it tne i ill of a nt)o it-, ,n t'ns nansú.
S'ic'i ? pi c>.e wa very d,>*rg n ziri; in i s ten-
d-'-'-y, a> d "Ouid if cprricd ou', obs n.i t the uh 'c
bus oes-.s of kg"-' ti' a
M. HOWAH > v ivi)P,l t, ¡ifc.p ¡he further i„e ,
thit, \tfoie the ?e 'cur n f.on All .-.i-sipoi ttft ihe
ruoi , <*!! th~ n> m e s of .. r- n l,i i'sj ¡ad ex
pre-ted'1 eii \U«/- in re'a ion M th-i-yor—l!irce
of them in five, «i-id tv-o aya r.M it.
Mr. \.'Í8F. lees) tnU'e: h- facts o" the esse, ks
agreed on by Me><;rs TnoiarsoN and GfSTST, and
agued that the, vi''att<1 tre proccdiug  oí the
rominittee—fint, because the commi'iee cou'd
not sit and act without a quorum; and, secondly, ,
(which point he did not insist on,) because they
| bad no right to sit and act while the House wa-. in
session, without the leave of the House. Tne re-
port w.<s not the report of the committee, but the
report only of four members out of nine oí it.
Mr G. DAVIS contended that this was not a
question of order for the Speaker to decide, but a
question as to the reception of the report, which the
House m''st decide for i self.
Mr. WISE replied.
After which, the SPEAKER decided that the
question was on the reception of the report, and
that it rr ust be dec ded by the House.
Mr. McKENNAN contended, in auswer to Mr.
Wise, that ihe question was not one of otder, and
that the report was legitimately before the House.
Tne committee, he said, had acted very properly
m adopting the report after the gentleman from
Mississippi left them. A quorum was piesent
betore ihe gentleman let them, and it was cut of
the question D suppose that his going away could
defeat their action. Such a principle, if sanctioned,
would defeat all legislation. The fact of the gen-
tleman':, going away could not, in his view, break
up a quorum
Mr. WISE. Suppose four «hould have retired,
instead of one.
Mr. McKENNAN. That is a different ques-
tion When a quorum was present, consisting of
five persons, he meant that the retiring of one
could not break up the quorum.
Mr. ARNOLD said that, if the quest.on was put
in ihe commit'ec-room while the gentleman from
Mis-iisippi was present, he held it ihat the report
wr>uld have been a legitimate on'; but as ihe ques-
tion w?s put after he left the room, he held that it
was no report at all. The fac's were not dis-
puted by anybody; and hs moved the previous
question.
The question was put on seconding the call for
the previous question; but a quorum not voting—
Mr. ARNOLD called f.ir tellers.
Mr. WISE Why, sir, we have made a decision,
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr McKkn-
nan] is right. We had a quorum present this
morning.
Tellers having been ordered the vote was taken,
and the second to the previous question was ear-
ned.
The main question was then ordered, and put in
the following form: "Snail th s bill be received as
he report of the Committee on Public Land t"
The yeas and n,i}s having be>n ordered—
The vote reijked as fol'o.v: yea-s 91, na-s 77.
So Ihe question of reception was determined m the
affirraativ.    The bid was then read twice.
Mr. J G FLOYD moved to lay trie bill on the
table. Tne motion was negatived; and ihe bill
was commit ed to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. R. W THOMPSON, chairman of the e-
lect committee, made a very voluminous report
respecting the affairs of the New York custom-
house.    He said he a-ted no legislation thereon.
The report «as laid on the table, aad ordeied to
be printed.
PAY OF ABSENTEE MEMBERS QF CONGRESS.
Mr.  ADAMS offered  a   re olutp-n   prtvid-ng
that,   rom and after ih*  pre-ent session  of Con-
gress-, c 'or) ine ¡ btr should, at the clt/«e  of every
>ta3i( n, o i or k ,ore rcct ,v rg the balance  due to
him for paj and m lepce, deliver n th" Sergpa  t-
at a1 as ?n .'crouut. du'v ten fled, of m.e  r timber
if dd>  ot -t'.h ib„ .itei^ac'U'l a tendance m the
Kou--> ,'Dti^ tueb ¡-e sKii, ard  ;',e  i uxler of
i  ('ay   \ hic'i be Lad ber n • e'atnt I fru-n  he   H< 'j"
|   ry   lekt," s, } i   which, on tr  "Vi'g  ot   hii i."-
I  <• iin', ne s .oulit be pa u, .-n 1 a.so for iun . j a and
I  s„--h dais <"s ibe Hon e s|,ju ¿ (¡',t have  be n m
i    es .'n, uii  ro membf s!)o,,¡d  r-ce ve c mneüs <
I   "in fui -.¡ y ci'c oi   vdunvr)'  Fb^epc1  frrm   i; c
e. i loe i f t 3 lit u y, vi ben ihe II a-e wa > ¡n  se¡,.
>iion.
Mr GORDON objected (•>_ the rec-ptui of the
¡eso -atior'.
Mr. ARNOLD also obj-cted.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rule*-,1
on which he called for the jeas and nayt; and,
being ordered, they resulted—yeas 119, nays 25;
so the rules were suspended.
Mr. ADAMS explained his motives for offering
this resolution. He said ihe principle on which they
received campensation wa*. "payment for apices
by the day," and on the public building"wben
the workmen lost any days, thsir payment was
stopped. But in this House, on the contrary, mem-
bers went awav, without the leave of the House,
and, after two or three months' absence, came back
and received thfir per diem allowance, as though
they bad been in attendance. The adoption
of this resolut.on, he believed, would aho correct
the evil wh.ch existed, of being se often left with-
out a quorum.
Mr. RAYNER submitted an amendment roa-
kirg the rtsolutim a j'oint resolution, and appli-
cable both to the Senate and the House of Repre-
sentative?.
Mr. ARNOLD onVed an amendment to reduce
the pay of members, after the present session, from
$8 to $6 per diem, ar.d from ¿8 to f 6 for every 20
miles ot travel, in going to, and reiurning from,
Washington.
Mr. PEARCE said the member , were not paid
with uniformity, nor with regularity If pay far
¡.ervicps t>as intended, the pre¿ent system would
require ¿lte-aaon. It was known that their mile-
age exceeded their travelling expenses; but the
present mileage was allowed, by which distant
membeis were paid much more than members who
reside near the seat of Government, as some com-
pensation tor ihe neglect to which their business
must inevitably be subjected, by their inability to
go home fccasionally to attend to it. If services,
then, were onlv to be paid for, it would be neces-
sary to make an al erauon; and, therefore, be sub-
mitted an amendment to limit the "mileage" of
members lo their actual travelling expenses.
Mr. UNDERWOOD made a fe  observations.
Mr. SOLLERS opposed the resolution as one
that would inflict flagrant injustice. He said if it
were passed, he must be kept here daily, or lose
his pay; whereas, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would receive his mileage of $600 or §700,
without,perhaps, gong to duincy at all between
this and the next session of Congress.
Mr. ADAMS asked how many days the gentle-
man from Marjland had attended the House du-
ring the present session.
Mr. SOLLERS said he did not know; but if
some other gentlemen had been ab-ent too, it would
have been bo'h mere economical and better for th«
country.
Mr. ADAMS. The gentleman then gets paid
for his absence.
Mr. SOLLERS Ard the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts gets paid for his mischief.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr ADAMS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and resulted as follows—yeas
26, nays 113.
Mr.' HOLMES rose to a question of order; and
his point wa=, that the  Constitution required  the
compensa'ion of member oí Congress to be fixed
by la?-; that there was a hw  fixing this compen-
sation and,   tberefoic, the resolution conflictirg
w"h tint law, was out of order.
The SPEAKER overruled ihr point of order.
"i re previous qt.es ¡on iwmg leen ordered—
Afir   some   '•mar\s   from   M'ssrs.   KING,
PSARCE, AKNOLD, and McKAY,
The question t...s tskai on Mr Arnold's
amenrim-m, and it wa'vtjecled.
The Qi'Citun b"Bg laken on Mr. Rayner's
ame uiment, it was carried—jeas 81, nays -63.
Mi BDTTS moved lo lay the resolution, on tie
tab e: Hje -'td.
JThe ques'icn onorde>' g the re^o'u'im to a sre-
Md K,(Jing, as pmi-nded, w."¡ inKcn and carried;
aid, ur.d-r ihe operation i>f me prrvuus question,
the resoluti' n v.as ordered to be erjrasired for a
third reading—seas 134, i>ajs IS.
The resolution was then pasted.
l.EORG 4.NIZATION OF TUB NAVY DEPARTMENT.
' The Hi use red red its.-if id'o Commiu<"« of the
Whole, (Mr. J. H, Inge.r.s.oll in the cbairj'and
