________        COM&fíESSÍ0N&I* GLOBÉI____                                    041
'-■'        ■                                                                                                                                                                                                                   '                                                                                                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------                               '             '                                                                         lili                                                       HI                  I                                                   .......,
proceided with the consideration of the bill for the
reorganization of the Navy D>partment, which
wa¡$ partially discu sed on an antecedent day.
adf. WISE addressed the committee in explana-
tion of the reform designed to be accomplished by
this bill.
On motion of Mr. BARNARD, the committee
then rose, aid reported progress
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL of South Caro-
lina, the Committee of the Wnole House was dis-
charged from ihe farther consid*ration of bill No.
497, to establish a port of delivery at Bucksville,
South Carolina; and the bill being put on it  pas-
sage, was read the third time, and passed.
The House then adjourned.
Correction.—By an accidental omission, a
portion of our House proceedings of yes*erdiy is
«¡omewhat uninte ligible. It was stated that the
questions were taken on Mr Black's and Mr. C.
Brows'? amendmen's to the bill to regulate the
pay of pwsers in tte navy, without stating what
those amendments were    They were ,-s follows.
Mr. BLáCK moved to strike out $3,500—tbe pay
of pursers of the highest grade—and insert ft,750,
which be advocated in some remaiks.
Mr. C. Bbown moved to amend the amend-
ment, by making the salaries of ihe highest grade
$2,500, ins'ead of §3,000 Both these amendments
were rejee'ed.
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 26, 1842.
On motion of Mr. RIVES, House bill entitled
An act for the relief of William Willi', of Monroe
county, Virginia, was taken up, and considered as
in committee of the whole, reported to the Senate,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr ARCHER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, w thout amendment, the
joint resolution authorizing further experiments
of Colt's sub mirine battery.
Mr. EVANS, frota the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, House bill
making appropriations for fortifications.             •
On motion o' Mr SEVIER, the Senate took up
for consideration,as in ommittee of the whole,
House bill making an appropriation for Ihe pur-
chase of sites formarme hospitals on the Western
and Southern rivers and on the lakes.
Mr. CALHOUN had no objection to establish
marine hospitals, at any one of the places named
in ihe bill, if necessary; but he would suggest that
the Senate insert in the bill an amendment, making
this a final appropriate . He adverted to the ten-
dency to extravagance in all caies of appropriation
by the Federal Government, unless tome guard of
Ihe kind was placed over it.
Mr. HUNTINGTON spoke at some length
against the bill—arguing that the departmint had
never sanctioned the contrac s made by the board
which was appom ed to survey and select the sites,
to pay for which sites, provision was mads m this
bill. The bill which authorized the survev aid
purchase of sites appropriated only $15,000 for
that purpose, and the whole purchase was 1 mited
to that amount; but the board made contracts for
sites calling for an appropriation of $44 50fl, di-
rctly in violation of the instructions of the Presi-
dent, and in violation of the law. Mr. H. con-
tended that, though ihe sites had been approved by
the department, yet ihe contracts bad not been ap-
proved. They would have been approved, if the
board had not, in making them, exceeded the lim-
lib of the bill authorising the selection of tbe sues
Messrs. TAPPAN, WALKER, WHITE,
CRITTENDEN, ind SEVIER, mam amed that
some of the contra< shad been made for five years,
and that the person? with whom the contradi* were
made bad been k pt out ot their property, and
the amount contracted to be paid for it, lor that
length of time. This they maintained was hard
and unjust They also argued that these contract,
as well as the sites, had been approved by the de-
partment, and that, though the act which authorized
the sites appropriated only $15,000 for that pur-
pose; yet the power by that act to purchase was
complete, though the amount was not sufficient for
<he ptttpcfse contemplated.
Mr. HUNTINGTON then, in accordance with
the recommenda ion of the committee, moved to ¡ay
ihe bill on the table.
The question was put, and the motion was disa-
greed to.
Tne bill was then repotted to the Senate, a>-d on
t! e question, Sh«ll it b  r<~ad the ih!rd time?
Mr HUNTINGTON demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and the question being
put, was earned in the affirmative—yeas 29
nays 9.
ihe bill was then read the third time, and
passed.
On motion of Mr SEVIER, the House bill ma-
kms approonation for the erection of a marine
hospit.il at or near Oeracoke, North Carolina, wss
taken up, considere!, read ihe third time, and
passed.
Mr CRITTENDEN asked th  S nate to tske
up ihe bill to regula e the taking of testimony in
cases of contested elections, aid for other pur-
poses.
Mr WRIGHT sa d it would be debated, if ta-
ken up
Mr EVANS objected to taking up the biU until
the tariff bill was oispo^ed of.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to postpone all
other business, for the purpose of taking up the
bill
The question was put, and decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 15, noes 16
On motion of Mr EVANS, the Senate proceed-
ed to the consideration of                        \
THE TARIFF BILL.       \
The bill to provide revenue f om imporV, and
to change and modify existing hws imposing du-
ties on imports, and for oiher purposes, wa* taken
up, as in committee of the whole, for further con
sideraiion, (he amendments propo ed by the Com-
mittee on Fiafn.e having been disposed of jes
ierday
Mr. CHOATE moved to insert "linseed" among
the articles subjec to a duty of 5 per cent, ad
valorem
Tbe amendment was adopted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to change the duty
on sulphate ot baryies, from 20 pe¿ cent, ad valo-
rem to 4 cent per pound.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MERRICK mjved to insert at the end of
the bill an additional section, as follows.
And be it further enacted, That whenever the President of
the United states shall receive satisfactory evidence that the
grain flour salted provisions and unmanufactured tohacco of
the growth and production of the United States, exporte I Aom
the United States, aieadmitted at arate f duty not exceed ng
¿5 per cení ad valorem into the beveral ports of any Eutopean
slate 01 kingdom, he shall make proc'am uion theieof to the
people of the United ¡States, an I thenoefi twaid the duties nn
posed by this act u ton all articles the growth and pro lucerf
such state 01 kingdom so a limiting «uch gram fljur sahed
provisions, and manufactuied tobacco, shall be reduced to the
tate of 25 per cent ad valorem
Mr EVANS hoped the Senate would not con-
sent to adopt an amendment, th" effect of wmch
would be to a'low any—perhaps the mes' moon
siderable—state of Europe to make a tariff for
this country, to be extended to all other natu ns
with which it has treaties of commerce.
Mr. MERRICK denied that the amendment
would have an> such effect.
Mr -EVANS m, «te I that it woul'.
Mr WALKKR observed that, if a moderate
dnty for revenue alone were intended by this bill,
Great Bn am would be compeled to admit our
productions at reduced du íes. He was opposed
to any arrangement by which great <>dvant grs
wou'd be given to foreign nations, without any
reciprocal piactical advantage to this c untry
He suggested to the mover to in lude rice ia the
amendment As to ne article of tobacco, he did
not believe that England would ever re'n q>ush the
duty on it, by which '-he derives §24 OdO 0'JO an-
riuVly; and so complete a moLupoly does she
rruke cf it, that she prohibits the growth of the
arucle in her own kmgdom
Mr. EVANs read from the commercial treaty
with Great Birain a proviso, that neuher rountrj
should impo e a higher rate of duty on ihe produc-
tions of the other, than the same pioducts of any
i other nation are subject to on importation.
Mr TAPPAN made a few remarks not dis-
tinctly heard; but understood to be in favor of
some reciprocal arrangement by wh>ch our agri-
cultural products might find a market abroad.
Mr MERRICK called for the yeas and rays
on his prop sition, which were ordered.
Mr WRIGHT would wilangty vote for the
amendment, if the effect of it would be merely to
produce a reciprocity with nations adopting the
'■ame lib°r>>l policy towards us But if it would
have the effect pointed out by the Senator from
Maine, (which, he apprehended, would bs ihe
case,) as a necessary resu't of our treaties with
other nations not «o liberally disposed, he could not
cons-nt to the amendment.
Mr. BENTON said the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Mar) land [Mr Merkick] was a large
one, involving great consequences, and revivng a
principle as old as the Government. Our Consti-
tution contained two provisions on the subject of
foreign commerce—one to lay duties on imports,
for tevenue; the other to regu'ate commerce with
foreign nations. The former of these powers had
been executed from the establishment of the Gor-
ernment, ihe latter had not been executed at all.
Mr. Madron attempted it in 1793, in his cele-
brated resolutions ot that day, which were defeat-
ed by the Briu-h interest. Mr Jefferson recom-
mended it in bis rej ort ci foreign commerce, when
he vías Secretary of State, and, acting on their
suggestions, and endeavoring to give effect to an
important clause in the Consutution, he (Mr. B )
a few years ago had digested an amendment,
frsmsd on Mr Madison's resolutions, and the
study of the speeches and reports of that day,
to estaMfh the sjstem of discrimina ion and reci-
procity in trade with ro.eign nations: discriminating
beUten nations, according to their treatment
of our commerce, and reciprocity in the rates
ot du'ies The principle of Mi. Madison's res-
olutions was, that a discrimination of 10 per cent.
in the dutte- should be made in favor of ihe com-
merce of ihe nations vvhuh admitted our products
on favorable terms; ana that this principle, estab-
lished by law, should be carried into effect by
treaties Tms was tbe pnn-iple of Mr. Madison's
res-oluums, andm the proposition w-ich he offered
a few yea's ag , this pnncijile was sought t) be es-
tablished in the mode he proposed His (Mr. B 's)
proposition was net success ul, although better
matured fiao. the proposi'.on now offered by ihe
S^rator from Maryland, or lately offered by the
Senate r from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan ] he said better
ma ured, without arrogating any merit to him-
self, except the m<"-it of c)(<)ing a great master
—for he only copied Mr Madison. He was, of
course, in fdvor of ihe general object of the
amendment offered, but it wa* not in the ap-
pr priale form, and could rot be appropriately
framed and guarded in any extenporaneous
movemeut m th s c'osini scene upon the pass-
age of a revenue or tariff bill. It was a large
subject, requinrg a aparate con^ilera'ion in itseK:
a c nsideraUoii requinrg a view of our «bole
existing commerce, both foreign and domestic,
and of ail fur ccrais rcial ti°aties * th foreign
patter". A subj^et so large as this would re-
quire  me icr ddioeration and for action , and
t/e had t,me for neither now. It would also re-
quire a separate ronsideiation, and could be adopt-
ed at any time, vtiihout berg made a part of a
tariff bill It would do bes m a b 11 by itself- he
w?«, therefore, asamst dung anjlhino on the sub-
ject nos?, and taking it up by itself at the next
sessioh
Mr DERRICK modified his amenlment, so as
to limit its effect to reciprocity, by adding the fol-
lowing
I nles under the ptovi-,ions of existing treaties, said reduc
tions of el mes will inur to the benefit of some other foreign
comti) not making the reciproca! reduction in its ports, and
in all such cises, the President is heiebv leq íes ed to take the
eaihest mem* of teitmnating the obligations of any such treaty
so conflicting w th t ie&t principles of recipn wity
Mr. EVANS oe^er"ed that this rratter of break-
ing up commercial treaties by a me e proviso was
one which 'he Senate should not sanction It was
too dangerous an experiment
After a few remarles from Messrs. HUNTING-
TON and WOODBURY,
