CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            943
/ there was one all-sufficient—and that was, the great
check which might be given to the progress of tem-
perance. He submiited, as a substitute for the tax
on tea and coffee, an amendment, proposing a tax
of 3 per cent, ad valorem on gold and silver ware
above the value of $100. He called the attention
of the Senate to the Compendium of the Census,
giving the amount of gold and silver melted down
for this kind of ware. Although many States snd
cities had given no returns, yet it was found that
#4,734,960 was the value of the precious metals
manufactured in less than one-fourth of the Union—
showing ihat if the whole amount could be arrived
at, it would exceed twenty millions a year. There
were no returns from Maine, Arkansas, Wiscon-
sin, Iowa, or Louisiana , jet theie is no place in
the Union where more of the precious metal-, are
locked up in manufactured ware than in Naw Or-
leans. He next showed the partial returns from
other States. The returns are only from one tenth
of the number if counties in the Union.
Complaint was made of not having an adequate
supply ef metallic cow, and this was made the
pretext for the necessity of bank paper money
What he proposed was to put a moderate tax, for
revenue, of only 3 per cent., on those articles of
luxury, for the purpose of relieving the necessaries
of life consumed by every laborer from an onerous
tax.
On this motion he called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. PRESTON observed that there was an
obvious impropriety in the introduction of a di-
rect tax into a measure for indirect taxation. It
was inappropriate, and objectionable in many
respects. The Senator's arguments were all in
favor of a tax for revenue; but his motives are
avowed to be for the suppression of luxury, and
the promotion of moral and economical habits. It
is a proposition to use the taxing power for an
object different from that of reveaue.
Mr. P. argued, at considerable length, to 'how
that, alihough the tax proposed was only 3 per
cent., it was, in effect, nothing but a sumptuary
law. It was wrong in principle, and could pro-
duce no revenue. He considered it a wild notio'n
to think that a specie currency can be enforced or
stimulated by taxation. He was averse to any at-
tempt to legislale for public morals, public econ-
omy, or the stimulation of the currency by the in-
direct use of a power given for a direct purpose.
The Senator had hitherto resisted what he con-
sidered attempts to wrest a direct power to in-
direct purposes.
Mr. P. next argued that tea and coffee were
most legitimate objects cf taxation. He denied
that they were in reality necessaries of life. No
matter by whom they are consumed, whether by
the wealthy or the poor, they are luxuries. He
could understand the application of the term
"necessaries of life" to bread and meat; but not to
an aroma brought from beyond the Cape of Good
Hope.
Mr. WALKER perceived that he was not au-
thorized, at this late period of the session, to go as
much at large into the subject as he otherwise
«night. But he should say that he was surprised
to find the pa'ty, who in the late Presidential can-
vass made so much noise about the "spoons" at
the President's mansion—who had armed them-
selves with "gold spoons" in their war against
luxuries—now refusing to tax with a very moderate
rate of duty these very luxuries of gold spoons
and gold and silver ware. If he was to abandon
this tax, because it would have the effect of dimin-
ishing the amount of gold and silver ware in use,
he would have to oppose,on the same principle, all
propositions of revenue, for there was not an ar-
ticle taxed in this bill that would not be, to that ex-
tent, reduced in consumption.
As to the propriety of introducing this tax into a
bill for indirect revenue, he asked, Was there any
prohibition in the Constitution against taxing goid
and silver ware? Was ihere not rather a mani-
fest propriety in proposing such a tax at a mo-
ment when the Government most required reve-
nue, and when the treasury was bankrupt?
Mr. PRESTON observed that the bill before the
Senate was a bill to impose duties on imports.
There was, then, an obvious impropriety in intro.
ducmg a proposition of direct taxation in it. The
Senator had alluded to the outcry about "gold
spoons" and "silver forks." He (Mr. P.) admit-
ted that something too much had been said about
those articles; but the Sen i tor should rtcol ect that
it was provoked by the course taken by his own
party, who had kept up a never-ceasing cry against
their opponents as a ruffle shirtrd, finger-ringed
party. On these score5, he considered both parties
might cry "duns."
Mr  BENTON suggested a modifica'ion of ihe
proposition to 1 per cent duty.
Mr. WALKER adopted the modification.
Mr. CRITTENDEN calculated that a tax of
1 per cent, on ten mil ion dollars worth of gold and
silver ware, would produce only one hundred
thousand dollars; and, he would ask, was it wonh
while, for the <ake of some fifty thousand dollars
—fir the cost of co'lection would eat up ihe rest—
wa< it worth while, he would ask, to introduce into
every man'-* domicil an odious tax gatheier, the
very sight of whom was offensive to every man in
the community? How could aSenator, so superflu-
ously Democratic, reconcile it to himself to propose
that a corps of tax gatherers should be maintained
by the Government to vi it and pry into the do-
mestic arrangements of every hou-e in the Union?
He woufd ask ihe gentlemen opposite—who seemed
to set themselves upas the p<culiar guardians of
the Constitution—in what part of that sacred docu-
ment did they find authority for refining and im-
proving, by " tender strokes of legislative art," the
taste and genius of this nation' He was for
leaving every man at liberty to do as he pleaded
with his own money, and to invest it in whatever
way he liked
Mr. WALKER observed that some of the gen-
tlemen opposite opposed this tax because it would
bring too much revenue into th<" treasury; while
oihers oppo«ed it because it would produce too lit-
tle revenue. He had agreed to accept a modifica-
tion, so as to tax it only 1 per cent, to satisfy gen-
t'emeB. If the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] is convinced this tax ought not to be im-
posed, because it will bring so little as one or two
hundred thousand dolíais into the treasury, he
called upon him to abandon, on the same princi-
ple, his tax on foreign baggmg, which would bring
only one hundred and fifty thousand dollars into
the treasury And, a1- to the Senator's objection 'o
the introduction of tax-gatherers into every man'*
house, he would ask, was it not more manly to do
it openly than to authorize an unveen and secret
hand to be imroduced, by stealth, into every man's
pocket, to extract from it half his earnings? as
was the cace by the injirect system of tax—tax on
imports.
After a few remarks from Messrs. SIMMONS
and CRITTENDEN,
The question was taken on Mr. Walker's
amendment, and resulted m the negative—yeas 11,
najs28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Outhhert, Fulton,
Linn, Smith of Connecticut Sturgeon, lappan, Walter, and
Wright—11
YEAS—Messis Archer, Barrow, Batea, Bayard, Berrien,
Calhoun,Choate, C avton, Comad, Crafts, Crittenden, Piyton,
Evans, Graham, Jlnldeison, Huntington Meinck, Miller,
Morehead Phelps iJoitei, Preston, Rtvi^feimmrns, Mmth of
indiana, sprague, Talimadge, and White—2->
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Rives, who modifi°d it by
striking out the duty of 20 per cent, on tea and
coffee, and leaving it blank for further action of
the Senate, and limitibg the duration of the duty
on tea and coffee till after the extinguishment of
the public debt.
Mr. SIMMONS said, if the Senator's object was
to assist those interests at present piostrated, he
thought it could be better done by ametdments
of the original bill, lhan by the substitute pro-
posed
Mr. r 2RRIEN felt called upon to assign his
reí or for the ve'e he should gi^e If he thought
th<- a'' j> ion of a rfjem.e hit, perfee'ed by the
Senate, would be Ihe result of t?king the substitute
propos d by the Senator from Virginia as a basi^
for a revenue bill, as suggested by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] he would be
disposed to give it the preference.   But feeling
persuaded, as he did, that the only result of adopt-
ing this substitute would be to defeat alt hope of
passing a revenue bill this session, be 'houlci feel
constrained to vote against the amendment.
After a few rpmarks from Messrs. CHOATE,
CALHOUN, RIVES, and CRITTENDEN,
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out so much of the
second section as imposes a duty on tea and coffee;
and on th's question he called for the yeas and
na>s, which were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Allen's
amendment, and resulted in the negative—yeas 19,
nays 24, a* follows:
VEAS—Messrs Allen, Basrby, Buchanan, Cruterden, Cuth
ben, Fulton, Graham, Linn, Phelps, Portel, Smuh of Connecu
cut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbndge, Wood-
bury, Wright, and Young—19
NaYS—Messis Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Calhoun, Cnoate, Coniad, Crafts, ijayton, Evans, Henderson,
Huntington, King, Mangum, Meinck Miller, Morehead, Pres
ton, Rives, Simmons, smith of Indiana, Sprague, and White—
24
The question was then taken on Mr. Rives's
amendment,and resulted m ihe negative—yeas 13,
nays 31, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs ircher, Bagby, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Henderson, King, Mangum, Merrick, Preston, Rives, Sevier,
and Wilcox—13
NAVS—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Bentoh, Ber-
rien, Buchanan, Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden,
Dtyton, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Linn, Miller, Morehead,
Phtlps, Porter, Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of in.
diana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Woodbndge,
Woodbury, and Young—31
Mr. MERRICK moved to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a substitute; [being
the same temporary revenue bill offered by Mr.
Habersham in ihe House of Representatives, to
legalize the collection of 20 per cent, ad valorem,
with 5 per cent added for ihe home value, and in-
serting tea and coffee toi duty ]
He beneved more revenue would be derived
from this bill, than from that of the Hou^e; be-
sides allowing ihe distribution act to take effect.
On this motion be called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Merrick's
amendment, and resulted in the negative—yeas 12,
na)s 26, as follows:
YEA1—Messrs liagby, Calhoun, Fulton, Giaham, Hender-
son, King, Mangum, Menick, Preston, Rives, Seviei, and
Woodbndge—12
NAYfe Messrs A'len, Archer, Barrov,, Ba e4* Bayard, Ben
ton, Benien, Buchanan, Choate Clayton, Crafts Crittenden,
Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Sim-
mons, smith tf Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tappan, Tali
madge, White, and Wright—2b
Mr. EVANS submitted an amendment, with a
view of correcting a great fraud hitherto commit-
ted on the revenue. He alluded to the manner in
which blankets are brought into the country so as
to evade a hiaherduty lhan 15 per cent. He pro-
posed a designation of dimensions which he
thought would correct the fraud.
Mr BENTON objected to the introduction of
measurement without weight, and did not know
«ha* ihe weight of the co rse b anket should be.
H^' inquired it the size of blankets had heretofore
been fixed in any law.
[Wr. Simmoss and others answered in the nega-
tive.]
¡Mr. B. said such was his own ucoileenon. In-
d>an blankeN, made to the pattern of the iur tra-
ders, were governed by size and weight; but lhat
had not been the case Willi oiher blankets: they
had only been discriminated by the price, taking
75 cent? as the dividing point. The act of 1832
reduced the blankets below that cost to 5 per cent,
on the value, and it was his intention to move the
same reduction in this oill, and a'so to reduce
coarse woollens to the same low rate of duty.
Coarse woollens and coarse blankets were fixed at
5 per cent, by the act of 1832, and he considered
it but justicp to the laboring part of ihe commu-
nity so to reduce them. They were araeles  of in-
dispensable necessity io the laborer. Tbm cotton
would do for him in the summer, but, when winter
came, coar«e woo'len was indispensable. The ex-
posed laborer must have it, to keep out cold, and
süow, and ram, and blaslirg winds. He must
have it, to keep rheumatism oat <f his bones—
pleuns es from undt-r his ribs—colls, coughs, and
consumptions from his lungs,—and to keep life in
his body.   It might be safely assumed that coarse
