Uit
comwmmM$U Wffig-
3=e
woollens and coarse blankets, in the scale of neees-
sanes, took rank cose after bread and food; for
life could hardly be preserved without them: the
exposed laborer could bardly live without them.
He most bave them, cost what they may; and he
should have thero taxed as little as possible. The
minimum valuation unduly macases the tax on
these coarse article*. At the proper time, he
should move to reduce them to the same ¿Vies
fixed m the act of 1832, and which made thtm
virtually free.
Some explanations m this pom1 were made be-
tween Messrs. EVANS, SUMMONS, and BEN
TON; after which, Mr Evans's amendment w*s
adopted; which was, to clatige the dimensions
from 72by 52 inches to 45 by 60, as the maximum
of blankets subject to 15 per cent  ad valorem
Mr. BERRIEN submitted mi amendment, (he
effect of which would be to gi«e railroad compa-
nies, now prosfcutirg to completi n their rat'roads,
time to import railioart iron free of duty, m cer-
tain cases, I'll the 30th of March, 1844, and in eer
tain other cases till March, 1845 provided ihes^me
is laid down permanently within one year after im-
portation. He also proposed other amendments of
minor impor anee in relation to railroad iron Mr
B. explained, at considerable length, the propriety
and justice of these amendments.
Mr. SEVIER asked th' Senator from Georgia
to suspend his amendment, to enab'e him fo submit
a substitute for the bill, by which ibe object of the
¡Senator fr< m Georgia would be as readily accom-
plished; which being assented to by Mr Berrien
Mr. S. moved to am«nd the bill by striking out
all after the enacting clause, and interim;; a *hort
bill (which he handed in) proposing a duty of
25 per cent, ad valorem on the home value, as
follows:
Section 1 That, on all articles imported into the United
States from an latter the pas^ige of ttn&act thereshalloe levied,
collected, and paid, a duty of twenty five pei centum upon the
value theieof, lu be ascertained in mannel heremaftel ptovi ¡ed,
and no more except on all amelen which ate specially name i,
and are exempted from duly by the fifth section of troa^t erm
tied "An act to modify the act 01 die fourteenth 01 July, one
thousand eight hundied and thirty two, and al other acl-nmpo
Bing duties on imports," passed on thesecond day of March in
the year one thousand eight hundred and thiity tlnee, which
said articles shall, after the passage of this act, continue to be
admitted fr,e of duty, and, al"0, the following nimed articles
shall, after ti e said day, be admitted free of duty, to wit tea and
coffee, gold andeilvei bullion, and all articles imported for ihe
use ol the United Stales, and all railroid iron, laid down or in
tended fin the purpose of laying down on any railroader in-
clined plane, imported prior to the thin! day of Mirch one
thousand eiglithundiedand lorly four, shall a'so bi^Ireeof duty,
and alter that day shall be suhj ct toadury of wentypercen
turnad valoiem unlessotheiw^c | rovided lor
Sec 2 Andbcit fxirihci enacf/d Ilur afier (hepa^sigeof
this act, the drawback* j ay iblc onevporttd tmclet, shall be le
duced to the same rate of duty as llie ai tide imponed, or the
raw material of which it is pn cipiliy composed, 01 fiotn
which it is principally made, is subject by this act, and nj
more
Sec 3 And be U furlliei enacted That, fiom and aftei the
passage of this aci the ad valorem late oí dulRs on goods
wares, and merchandise shall be eslim led in the following
manner to the actual co^', if the same shall have been actually
purchased, or the actual value, if the same shall have been Dro
cured otherwise than by ¡ uvch ise, at the time and place when
and where purchased oi otherwise procured, tnall be added ten
per centum on such costot value
Mr. S. had oaly a word te siv He was ready
to go for a thr.ff oí 25 per cent. He va* wi'lms; lo
give the Gov rnmem one dollar out of every four
he spent on e'e thing fir Ids back, and on every
O'her foreign amele he crnsuaied He called on
his friend me Senator from IM s^o> i¡ [Mr Be>j
ton] to support h's amendment
Mr S. decaieltd ihe jeas and nays, which were
ordered.
Mr. BENTON, in answer to the appeal msrle
to htm by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr Se-
vier,] said he considered any bill which pas«ed at
this session as fcemg m rs nature necessarily a
jrrovisional aid temporary act, to continue un'il
the first «ess on of tne next Congress. Look ng at
the bills under this aspect, he tvou d rot be strenu
ous in his support of ex-- own < pin oi s. He wod'd
yield much, tor the ^ke of a bil , and the first
thing lo yield, was ihe tonouc of the business to
the majority, who were itspon? blP for it On ¿le
tails, he fell himselr at liberty lo o^er amf-ndmetit5,
but as to ihe irame or c'iaracitr of iV bnl, the
majority must have (t-eir own way They on'y
can pass a bill, and it will am di to take it out of
their hand*, by substituting one which they op
po*e. Oa this principle he had voted aeawst the
substitute offered by the Sena or from Virginia,
[Mr. Rive :] on the same principle he must vcie
  aiamst the sulstitule now offered Tlv Senator
from Maine, who has the ccmJuct ot the bill,
[Mr Evans ] declared that no bill could be passed
if the substitute rffered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia should be ad'pled: he would say ihe suae of
t"e present subsl lute (Mr E^ans ¡ o laed absent )
Mr B. said lh s was decisive: the resp nsib e ma-
jority must have their o  n bill The Government
needs money, and must have it, and if he wi uld
not aid, he would at least not vo'e to put a bill
upon ihe majony, wh'ch ihey say cann t be car-
ried.
Ihe question was then taken on Mr. Sevidr's
amendment, and ie*ul«d in the negative—>ra* 21,
nays 23, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, ISernen, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham Henderson Knur, Linn, Preston,
Rivts Sevier, lappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbndge, Wood
bury, Wnght, and Young—21
NAYS-Messrs Aiaher, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad Craft , Crittenden Dayton, Evans Hunting
ton, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Smith of In iiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and White—
S3.
The question then recurred on Mr Berrien's
amendment, as before stated.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought that railnad com-
panies ought to be placed tn the same footing as
individuals. He was opposed to admit iron ¡tee
of duty, to sacrifice ihe great iron m'erests of this
country.
Mr BERRIEN replied at some length to Mr.
Buchanan's remark.
After a brief rejoinder from Mr. BUCHANAN,
The question wao taken en Mr Berrien's
amendment, pnd re ulted in the negative—jeas 18,
nays 23, as lollops:
YEA.S—Messrs Archer, Bagby, Berrien, Calhoun, Cuthbeit,
Fulton, Gtaham, Henderson, King, Poitei Pres on, Sevier,
s rnmons sprogue, Tdllmadge, Woodbridge, Wright, and
\ounff—18
NAYs—Messrs Allen, Barrow, Bates Bayard, Ben'on Bu
chañan, Choate, Clayton Conrad, Crat 8 Day tor, Evans Hun
ungton, Linn, Merrick, Miller, Morel ead, Rives "smith of Indi
ana Stuigeon,Tappan, White and Williams—23
Mr. PORTER moved to include, among >ranu-
factured wood subject to 20 per cent ad yalorem,
nnwrought spars.
The amendment was adop ed.
Mr. GRAHAM moved to amend he b ¡1 by add-
ing, as an ad 'muña! section, a p-ovision repealing
the MXth section of the distubu nn act, a^ fol'ovs:
And he it further enacted, That the provision m ttie sixth
section of the act entitled "An act to appropriate the proceet s < f
the sties of the puohc Ian Is an I to giant (.re emp ion rights,'
approved September 4 1841, be, and the «¿me is rereoy re
pealed
Mr WALKER called for the }eas sni nays
which wereort eied.
Mr WRIGHT had hi herlo voted on th ¡s bill in
a sincere be lef that it was the intention of ihe
Senate to pass a revenue bill, which wtuld hive
«orne probab h y ot going into tfflct F.teiy one
knew that, if this amendment was adopted, Congress
would be prepaid to adj vtrr fnrtbw th—tor ail
hope of pa sing a revenue hill woü'l be dis mated
The question « as then taken, ,m! resulted m (he
negative—jeas 10, navs 30, ss follow-
TtEAS—Messrs Archer, Bairow, Bajard, Clayton, Critten-
den Graham, Mangum, Merrick, White and Woodbridge—10
NAYS—Messrs, Allen Bagby, Bates, Benton, Berrien, Bu
chañan Calhoun, Choate Conrad, Otafts Cuthbert, Fv^no,
rtilton, Ilendeibon, King, Linn, Preston, Rives, Sevlci, Smith
of Co necticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague 6 llfeon, Tall
mad0e * aupan Walker, Williams, Woodbuiy, Wngl t, and
Young—30
Mr CONR4D moved to amed tue bill by
striking out, page 27, section 8, from iho word
"f" st," in th' 5 h line, <o the word "po 'nd," m 'he
14 h hue—that is, the class fications of sugar, and
tc tub 'itute a prooi'ition he hand'd in, being 3 I
cpt s fer pound on raw sugar, and 2 cents on l
s rttp of si k,ar
Mr EV¿N3 thooght the mattei rw! bet'er stand
as't w>>. lie wi uid glat'ly uiite wi h 'Iip Sen-
ator m any prop'sitiof to prevent spup of ^tig,r
from bem^ irnpor'ed as molas cs
Mr. COBRAD ras glad to fiid the S-na'or
from Mame disposec to a«M-,t him tn iu ene'eavor
lo prevent the fraud of importing sugar-sirop ^s
molasses He thought his am ndment 11 respect
to sugar ought also lo prevail,
After a few remark? from Messrs S1MMON9T,
WOODBURY, and CONRAD, the yess and nays
being called and ordered—
The question w&s taken on Mr. Conrad's
amendment, and re.ulted in ihe negative—jeas 8,
na>s 24, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Conrad, Dayton, Miller,
Phelps, Sprague, and Woodbridge—8
NWS—Messrs Al'en, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Ciafts, Crittenden, Fulton, Graham Kirg, Linn, Mau
gum, Seviev, Smith of Connecticut, Smithof Indiana, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walkei, White, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—24
Mr. CLAYTON moved to amend the- bill by an
addition, to come m al ihe en 1 of th  bill; the effect
of which would be, that so long as the d sinbution,
under the distribution act, should remain suspend-
ed, according to the 6 h section rf that act, the ten
per cert granted ty n lo ihe new States, and the
16th and 17ih sections of said act, shall a'so be
suspended.  
Mr. K!fS G observed that nobody could doubt
that, v, hie the dis nbution was to continue sus-
pended, the 10 per cen' to the new Sta'e  was also
to be suspended II the Senator had no other ob-
ject in view, he was hearu y welcome to his (Mr.
K ' ) vo'e for his amendment. But he akked why
suspTid the 16th and 17 b. sedans of the distribu-
tion act?
Mr CLAYTON thought that, on the same
principle, the 2 per cent to Alabama and Missis-
sippi ought to be suspended.
Mr. KING showed lhatthece sections rela'ed to
the 2 per cent, fund, which Vas the undoubted right
of tho^e States, whether there was a distribution
act or not; and the only difference that act made
was, as to tie manner oi expending the fund with-
in the Staus themselves. If ihe Senator woald
consent to strike out the proposition to suspend
tne 16th and 17th sections of toe distribution act,
he (Sar K ) would vote for his amendment.
Mr WALKER said if this amendment ta«
persisted id, he would move lo a<"*j mm, as he
would require t me to collect documents for an
argument he s' ould make "ga'nst the proposition;
for tho^e s ei on, had reference to the 2 per
cent fund to which tiose States had an undoubted
right, without regard to distribution.
Mr. BUCHANAN said ihere would be no diffi-
culty ífthe Senator from Delaware would modify
his amendment as suggested by ihe Senator from
Alabama
Mr. CLAYTON assented to the mcdificctton.
The am ndment was then adop'ed.
Mr WILLIAMS moved to smke out the word
"ungrouid," as applied to plasur oi Parts, in-
cluded among the free articles Plas er of Paris
was an attic e introduced exclusively f r manure.
Altfi a few remarks from Messrs EVANS,
BA1E3, and WILLIAMS, the amtndment was
rejestcd—aves 14, noes 20.
Mr HUNTINGTON moved to change the duty
on pa'ent sheatlung from two cents per pound to
six cents per poand.
Mr TALLMADGE opposed the amendment
Mr EVANS v as m favor of leaving ihe matter
ao it st'in1, in the bill.
Tlie amendment was ¡ejected.
Mr CONRAD moved to amend the bill, by sub-
stituting, in the section imposing duty on molaoses,
a measure of weight, instead of a measure of ca-
pacity. He proposed to substitute half a cent per
pound, instead of five cents por ga'ion.
Mr. MERRICK approved of the amendment.
He lead a lettei in favor of the proposed change.
After a few remark? from Messrs WOODBU-
RY WALKER, EVANS, CONR4D WIL
LIAMS, MERRICK, and TAPPAN, the amend-
ment wai modified, on the susgestion of Messr-.
WALKER and WOODBURY, to four mills per
pound, when rould bf about equal to the duty
no-v m the bill.    It was adopted.
Mr. KING objrc ed to the duty of su cents per
pound on "untarred firi?<re," which he showed
to le a duly of 100 per cent , aid entirely pro-
hibt ory He moved to insert A)ee t  nts pe- pi und
as ths duty ou untarred ccdage.
Mr EVANS thought it hardly worth whil  'o
disturb lh* bill for such a trifhrg matter, the whole
importation of ihe amele last year was under
$13,000.    After  a lew  remarks from MeWs,
