CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
27th Cong.........2d Sess.
MONDAY, AUGUST 29, 1842.
Volume 11«-«-No. 60
Continued from No 59.
KING, SIMMONS, and CALHOUN, (the yeas
and nays being called for and ordered,)
The question was taken, and respited in the
the affirmative—yeas 24, nays 22, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Berrien,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson,
King, Linn, Mangum, Ptestou, Rues, Sevier, Smith of Con
necticut, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wnght, and
Young—24
NAYS—Messrs Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Mer
rick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons Smith of
Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, and White—22
At Mr. CONRAD'S request, the vote on his
amendment fixing the duty on molasses at 4
mills per poun 1 was reconsidered, and changed to
4i mills, being equal to the duty in the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT said he had voted for the va-
rious amendments to this bill, with an anxious
desire to make the bill appropriate as a revenue
bill for incidental protection. He now proposed
to offer the same amendment which he had offered
on a former occasion. And he desired to say that,
if ne was mistaken in his opinion, and if the
amendments he should offer should be improper
for the bill as a revenue bill, he would be perfectly
willing that they should be voted down by the
Senate. He believed in the point to which ha now
desired to direct the attention of the Senate—that
the duty was too high for revenue, and it was
one which did not come in competition with do-
mestic industry at all.
He asked the attention of the Senate to page G,
section 3, line 6 He moved to strikeout that line
and two words of the next; his object being to
change the duty on silks from $2 50 per pound
to 30 per cent ad valorem And on this question
he called for the yeas and nays, whica were or-
dered
Mr. EVANS objected to charging th's specific
duty into an ad valorem duty.
Mr. WRIGHT had shown the other diy that
these silks varied m value lrom $3 to §30 per
pound, all of which wootld be subjf-ct to the ame
duty. He wished to impose an ad valorem duty,
which would produce the largest amount of reve-
nue, and, at the same time, afford the cheap artick*
at a fair value to those who are only aole to buy
that description. Tr>e duty, as it stood, was pro-
hibitory on the cheap silks, v hich the poorer
classes wore
The question was then taken, and resulted in
the negative—yeas 20, nays 26, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby Benton, Beiiien Calhoun,
Cuthbeit, Fulton, Hendereon, King, Linn, Mangum, Pieston,
Sevier, Smith of Coin cticut Tap an, Walkei, William*,
Woodbury, Wright and \oung—?0
NAYS—Messis Arcnxi, Bin >w Bates Bayaid Buchanan,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad Ciafts, Ciittendeti, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Huntington, Merrick, Miller, Moiehtad, I liU[>3,
Porter, Hires, ¡simruons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, S'mgeon,
Tallmadge, and White—26
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the same section.
It was well known that there were many plain
white silks of no more value than $4 per pound.
He, therefore, proposed on pongees, or plain white
silks, a duty of $1 50 per pound.
Mr WRIGHT understood that all silks fir
wear were left subject to $2 50 per pound,
therefore, the amendment did not remove hii ob-
jection.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr WRIGHT moned to amend the bid on tbe
14th page, section 5, line 5, by imposing a du y ot
33 per cent, on all vessels  or wares-, articles and
manufactures of cu  glass, and on an arlic'e  of
moulded or pressed glass, instead of the specific
duties in the bill, by the pounl
Mr EVANS had tbe same objection as on olher
occasions to any change (torn a specific to an ad
valorem duty.
Mr. WRIGHT said they Ud heretofore under-
stand, from the honorable chairman i f the Finance
Cooimit'ee, that this was purely a revenue bill,
and not for protection. Now, what do they learn
from that honorable gentleman?   They were in-
formed that the British Government (a piece cf
history that he [Mr. W.] was not before acquaint-
ed with) was willing to pay such a bounty upon
the article of glass ware as to allow an invoice of
$5,000 to come here as $3,500; and they were de-
sired by this bill to protect the manufacture of the
article in this country against that country. He
(Mr. W.) was willing to do no such thing There
was no necessity for it. The manufacture in this
country was not sufficient for one quarter of the
consumption; indeed, he believed not ore eighih
And what was it that was proposed? To tax the
glass tumbler out of which the humble occupant of
the log cabin drinks his cooling beverage. He
(Mr. W.) was willing to give reasonable protec-
tion, but if one thi d of the entire value was not
sufficient for that purpose, all he could say was,
that it did not deserve protection.
After a few more remarks from Messrs. EVANS
and WRIGHT, the yeas and nays were called,
and ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted in
the negative—yeas 22, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Bernen, Calhoun,
Cuthbert Ttllton, Graham, Henderson King, Linn, Mangum,
Pieston, Rives, Sevier, Smuhof Connecticut,Tappan, Walker,
Williams, Woodbury, Wnght and Young—22
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Cnttenden Dayton, Evans, Hunting
ton, Merrick, Miller, Moiehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Stuieeon, Tallmadge, and White—
23
Mr T4PPAN moved to amend the bill by an
additional seciion, providing that when the Presi-
dent of the United S atei, «hall receive authentic
information lhat the kingdom of Great Britain ?d-
mi's the grain, ffour, and salted provisions of this
country free, he shall make proclamation thereof,
and, at the expiration of three months, admit the
produce of that country at a rate of ad valorem
duty not exceeding 20 per cent.
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by inserting among the enumerated products
of th s country, "unmanufactured tobacco "
Alter n few remarks from Messrs WALKER,
FRESTON, MERRICK, ALLEN, and SEVIER,
The question was taken on Mr. Merrick s
amendment, and resulted in the affirmative—ayes
17, noes 13.
The question theu lecurred oa the amendment as
amended, and,
Mr. TAPPAN, by consent, as he could not get
a vote on the merit"! ot his prooo-ition, withdrew u.
Mr WOODBURY moved to amrnd ihe bill by
adding, as an additional section, the following, viz
And b il furlhtr tnuUzrt, Tiat all the dunes in this bill,
which on 1st ot Tanuaiy 1S4Í shall excted the rate of 50 | ei
cent upon the averaee value of merchandise, as it has been
appiaib d at the custo n house during the yeat IBÍ¿ shall be
ledutA. to as not to exceed that late till the 1st oí lanuaiy,
1^45 when there shall be a Iurtn<n leductlon, so as not to ex
ceed thei e ifter the rate of 23 per cent
Mr. WOODBURY said he would not detain the
Senate at that late hour with any remarks on the
amendment, but content him elt by demanding
the yeas and nay, which were ordered.
Mr. BENTON was opposed to the amendment
offered to the bill by the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Woodboky ] He was against
any amendment that should propose 10 give dura-
tion to this bill The amendment proposed to
conlmus it till 1845. He (Mr. B ) believed the
bill, if it passed, should have iheshor'es-t possib'e
life consistent with wise legislation— hst is to say,
to the end of the fir«t session of the next Congress
Tms is the l-n Congress of an exp ring census; a
new Congres^ frpvb. from the people, and framed
upon the present st*te of the population of the
United States, will soon be in existence ; an im-
po'tant Sta'e is now witnout Senators on this floor,
the present Congrcs-, is eerlamly not a favorite
with 'he country ; and, all things considered, this
Congress is tbe last that should think of reaching
ahead, and imposing a permanent tar ff on the new
Congress The very object of a ci-n«us and (re h
apporti inment every ten years, is to have a new
Congress to act upon public affairs.    This des gn
of the Constitution would be frustrated if the last
Congress under an expiring census should under-
take to reach ahead, frame permanent measures,
and impose them on the new Congress. This was
one of the faults of tbe compromise of 1833. It
was made when an expiring Congress was in the
agonies of dissolution, yet reached ahead nine
years, and tied the hands of the whole representa-
tion of the people for the ten years of their exist-
ence, under the census of 1830.
He (Mr B ) was against all such legislation: be
was also against uniform ad valorem duties, com-
monly called the horizontal line. He was for dis-
crimination between articles of necessity and lux-
uries—between articles made at home and those
not made at home; and he was in favor of in-
cidental protection to domestic industry in the im-
position oí revenue duties It wason these principles,
and because those who were the majority here, ana
who were responsible for a bill to keep tbe Gov-
ernment alive, ought to have the general conduct
of the measures for which they are responsiblfi,
that he had voted against both the substitutes
offered—that offered by a Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Rives,] and that offered by a Senator 'rom
Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier ] For the same reasons
be should vote against the substitnte now offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr Wood-
bdrv,] and because this substitute contemplated a
continuation of the act until the year 1845. Mr.
B. said he could vote for no permanent bill, or
horizontal duties, he viewed this bill as temporary
and provisional, and only destined to live until the
new Congress, under the new census, fresh from
ihe people, can act upon the subject, and give the
country a bill temperately considered, and mere
carefully matured than any bill passed at this ses-
sion could be.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected—yeas 15, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Bernen, Calhoun, Cuthbert,
Fulttn, Giaham, King, Preston, Sevier, Walker, Williams,
Woodhury, Wright and Young—15
NAYS—Messrs, Barrow, Bates, Bayaid, Benton, Buchanan,
( hoatc, C ayton, C nrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Huntington, I inn, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter,
Simmons, S nith of Indiana, Spragje, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
and White—26
Mr. KING said he discovered by the bill that
there was a new minimum. He was not favora-
ble to minimum, at any rate; but much less in
favor of ihe new one proposed, which he con-
sidered unjust, and, therefore, moved to strike out,
afler the words "square yard," in the 5th page
17th line of article 2—which fixed a minimum
duly !>t 35 cents per square yard on "fustians,"
&c—the following "Excepting velvets, cords,
moleskin, fustians-, buffalo cloths, or goods manufac-
tuicd by rapping or raising, cutting, or shearing,
not exceeJmj m value thirty five cents the square
yard, which shall be valued at thirty-five cants per
square yahd, and duty be paid thereon accordingly "
'" Mr CALHOUN made some remarks in favor
of the amendments, and Mr. SIMMONS in oppo-
sition to i', when
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays on
it, which being ordered, the question was put, and
the amendment was rejected—yeas 17, nays 22, as
follows.
\EaS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
t uthbeit,  tfulton   Henderson, King,  Linn, Rives, Smith of*
C nnccticut,   Walkei,   Williams,   Woodbury,   Wright,  and
\ turn —17
I\A"iS—Me« rs Bailow, Bates, Bayard, Choate, Clayton,
C tnai Crafts Crittenuen Dayton, bvans, Huntington, Mer
nick Miller Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons, Smith of
In liana, sprague, Sturgeon  Tallmadge, and White—22.
Mr BENTON moved to amend the first article
of the first section of the bill, which placed 40 per
cent duty on certain manufactures of wool, or of
which wool is the component part, by adding the
following:
'Except on milled and fulled cloth, known by the name of
lains, kerseys, m Kendall woollens, of which wool shall be the
dy materia!, the value whereof shall not exceed thirty five
i puis the square yard at the place where exported, the duty
-hall be 5 per cent on the valut "
Mr. BENTON remarked that that which he pro-*
