94S
order to address the Chair while standing in the I
aisle.
Mr. GWIN said the member from New Jersey
should not interrupt him again. The Chair had
recognised him, and he would retain the floor. He
wanted 'o see where the 88 members—who had,
wo more ihan ten minutes ago, voted to maka this
bill the special order—were now.
Tellers were then called for and appointed, and
the vote was 76 in the affirmative, and 89 in the
negative.
Mr   TRUMAN SMITH moved to take up bill
No.  604, which was agreed to by a majority of 
92 io 68, taken by tellers.
The Clerk read the bill as follows:
A BILL to repeal the proviso to the 6th section of the act en
tilled "An act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and to grant pre emption rights," approved
September 4, 1&41
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Représenla
lives of the United States of America in Congress assent
bled, That the proviso to the 6th section of the act entitled "An
act to appropriate the proceeds of the gales of the public lands,
and to grant pre-emption rights," approved September 4th,
1841, be and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. ARNOLD addressed the comrmltee on the
circumstances which had rendered this bill neces-
sary, particularly on the executive dictation and
encroachment of Captain Tyler, and the fonr ve-
toes with which the President had furnished them,
and the humbleness with which the majority had
bowed their necks to his tyranny. And he charged
upon the Housp, that if their patriotism were cal-
culated by dollars and cents, it would not be worth
the smallest named coin. He discussed the tariff
question, and avowed himself in favor of protec-
tion per se; bot he very plainly intimated that
"this den—(of thieves," he had almost said)—
were ready to barter away their liberties, and the
liberties of the country. He next glanced at the
land question; the suffering condition of the coun-
try; the non-fulfi'ment of the promises of the Whig
party, made during the presidential campaign, and
all the other subjects which usually form the staple
of his speeches, and said it was useless and ridicu-
lous to waste time by sending this bill to the Presi-
dent. It would be much better to intimate to the
President, that, if he would transmit to them his
measures, they would register his edicts. It was
sometimes true that ladies fell in love with the
plainest men; and so it was with the people who
had fallen in love with the creature in the white
house.
Mr. J. COOPER expressed his surprise at the
tirade which they had just heard from the gentle-
man from Tennessee; and charged him within con-
sistency, in having pledged himself to vote for the
tariff bill, which he now accused the majority with
having yielded to, and afterwards voting against
it, m violation of his own pledge.
Some explanations ensued.
Mr. WISE said this was the most amusing spec-
tacle wbjch they had had for some time; but these
" tamily^ars" should have been reserved for the
caucus.
Until this morning, it was John Tyler that was
false, and perfidious, and vacillating, it was John
Tyltr ihat promised one thing, and did another.
He hoped thry should hear no more cant about
dictation and vacillation from those gentlemen.
One of those gentlemen rose and accused his own
,party this morning—after they had adopted the re-
port of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] by a vote of 100 to 80, which declared
that submission to what was called executive dicta-
tion would be attended with both disgrace and
dishonor—of fastening on themselves that very dts- ■
grace and dishonor, and that gentleman [Mr
Arnold] was then himself accused of violating
his pledge, to which he pleaded guilty, and
a justification. It seemed that House could
vacillate as well as the President, and that that
House could declare that it would not do a thing,
and afterwards turn round and do it That House
could declare that it would not sever distribution
from the tariff, and yet turn round and sever them.
He asked the gentleman to point out to him the
difference in morals between promising to do a
thing (supposing, for the moment, that the Presi-
dent had done so) and not doing it, and promising
jiot to do a thing and doing it.   If it was disgrace ]
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and perfidy m the one ca<e, would the gentlemen
define iheir own offence?
He hoped, too, they would hear no more of the
"one-man power," after one man had decided
ever? thing on two or three distinct votes on Mon-
day last, when the tariff bill was passed.
He would give gentlemen a better excuse than
any they had yet urged for themselves. He would
give the gentleman from Pennsylvania the excuse
which the official organ of his party had made for
them; and he begged leave to call the attention of
the country to it. The Intelligencer of this morn-
ing put forth the following excuse for the vacilla-
tion of gentlemen of the Whig party who voted for
the tariff bill after the distribution clause was strick-
en out:
"Nor do the gentlemen who thus \ oted sacrifice, in our opni
ion, any principle Ttiey yield nothins to the President,
whose will, but for the constitutional provision which confers
on him the velo power, would btand for nothing in the question
They yield only to the constitutional provision, which is as odi
oustuusas ucan possibly be to them, but which neither our
opinion nor theirs c to change "
"The constnulional provision1' Mark these
words He would read the excuse again: "Bui
for the constitutional provision, which is as odious to
its as it can possibly be to ihem, but which neither our
opinion nor theirs can change." Sir, (said Mr.
W.,) it has oftentimes been repeated on this floor,
that it is not a war on the President of the United
States, but a war on the Constitution of the United
State1; and the Intelligercer, in excusing gentle-
men irom voting for the tariff bill without the dis-
tribution clause, after having pledged themselves to
vote against it, declared that the Constitution was
as odious to the editors as it was to the members of
the Wh'g party What • Had the Constitution of
the United States become odious? Had any part
or parcel of that «sacrpd instrument become odioHS
to the^e editors, and the party they represented?
That was the issue he should present to his con-
stituents, and the lisrie that should be made up for
this nation. "They yield only to the conititution-
al provision, which is as odious to asas Ucan possi-
bly be to them, but which neither our opinion nor
theirb can change."
That was the excuae of gentlemen for doing the
thing which they had solemnly declared they would
not do. They pleaded the hard necessity of being
compelled to jield to a constitutional provision,
which their edi or averred was as odious to him
as to them. The Constitution—that noble work of
our revolutionary fathers, the length and the
breadth and the depth and the height of whose
wisdom could not be estimated—which had been
held in such sacred regard by the people of this
country ever since its adoption,—that sacred instru-
ment was held up as an excuse for the vacillation
of gentlemen on this floor.
But Mr. W. rose for a different purpose than to
repeat this excuse of the National Intelligencer: it
was, to call the attention of the country to the
manner in which this bill had been brought into
the House, and the manner in which it was pro-
posed to pass it through. When he raised the
question yesterday as to its being introduced, the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gíntbt,] and the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr Thompson,] tes-
tified, and testified truly, that it was not adopted
by a quorum of the commit ee; that but five gen-
tlemen of the committee were in the city, and that,
on meeting yesterday, some discussion took place,
and one of them (for the purpose of depriving them
of a quorum) left the committee-room. But four
gentlemen were left in the committee-room, (and
this was during the session of the House, when
they had no right to sit,) and when the question
was put to the vote, it was not whilst the gentle-
man from Mississippi was there.
Mr. HOWARD, (one of the committee.) Who
says the vote was put at al ?
Mr. WISE.   Was it never put?
Mr. HOWARD    No, sir.
Mr. WISE    Why, this is better still.   Here is
a bill that has been introduced as the report of a
standing committee, when there was no decision
taken on it at all; and to-day the gentleman from
Connecticut, by virtue of one of the privileged
rules, introduced a resolution, and got it adopted,
that it should be passed m one hour.   Why was
this bill introduced in so irregular a manner, and
why the necessity for passing it with such haste, as
to make use of the gag-rule? The remedial jus-
tice bill, and the bill for the reorganization of the
navy, were both made to give way for it, merely
tor the purpose of giving to gentlemen a quietus
lor their consciences, disturbed by their own va-
cillation.
The hour having expired—
Mr. MASON of Maryland moved that the com-
mittee lay aside ihe bill, and take up the re olution
for the surrender to Ihe State cf Maryland of the
Government stock in the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved that the
committte rise, and report the bill to the Hou e.
The question was taken on Mr. Anorews's mo-
tion, as first in order, which wa>. carried; and the
committee rose and leported the bill.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved the pre
vious queMion on the engrossa ent of the bill, but
withdrew it at ihe request of
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana, who addressed the
House at some length in reply to Mr. Wise, after
which, he renewed the call for the previous ques-
tion, under the operation of wh.ch the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill was then passed—yeas 104, nays 86,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Allen, LandaffW Andrews, 3 J
Andrews, Appleton, Aycngg, Babcock, Haker, Barnard, Bar
ton, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Brockway,
Milton Brown, leremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Thomas
J Campbell Carutheis, JohnC Clark, James Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Garrett Davis, Deberry, John Edwards, Everett,
Fessenden, Fillmore, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Patrick G
Goode, Graham, Granger, Green, Hall, Halsted, Howard,
Hudson, Joseph R Ingersoll, James Irvin, William Cost
Johnson, Isaac W Jones, John P Kennedy, Linn, McKen
nan, Thomas T Marshall, toamson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks,
Maxwell, M íynard, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow,
Osborne, Owsley, Peaice, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway,
Rodney, William Russell, lames M Russell, Saltonstall,
Shepperd, Simonton, Slade, fiuman Smith, Sollers, Sprigg,
fctanly, Stiatton, Alexandei H H Stuart, John I btuart,
Summers, Richard W Thompson, Tilhnghast, Toland, Tom
linson, Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wal-
lace, Watren, Washington, ndwarrt D White, Thomas W
Williams, Christopher II Williams, Joseph L Williams,
Yoike and Augustus \oung—104
NAYS—Messrs Arnold, Arnngton, Atherton, Bullack,
Black, Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, S H
Butler, Wm O Butler, Green W Caldwell, P C Cald
well, John Campbell, Cary, Casey, Clifford, Clinton,  Coles, '
Mark A Cooper, Cross, Cushmg, Daniel, Richard I) Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Boig, John C Edward**, Egbert, Ferris, John
G Floyd, Thomas F Foster, Gamble, Geiry, Gilmer, Wil-
liam O Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Gwin, Habersham, Hams,
Hastings, Hays, Holmes Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard,
Hunter, C J Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, JohnW Jones, Lewi^,
Littlefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McOlellan, McKay,
Mallory, John Thomson Mason, Medill, Millei, Newhard,
Oliver, Paroientei, Payne, Plumer, Profflt, Reding, Reynold ,
Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, William
Smith, Steenrod, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van Buren,
Ward, Watterson, Weller, James W Williams, Wise, and
Wood—86
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved a recon-
sideration of the vote just taken, but the motion
was rejected.
Mr FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to limn ihe sales of the
public stocks to par, and to authorize the issue of
treasury no'es to a certain amount in lieu thereof.
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky moved to lay the
bill on ihe table: rejected, and it was referred to
the Cummittee of the Whole on the state of the
Uri' n, and ordered to be printed
On motion of Mr. BARNARD, the House re-
solved i self into Committee of the Whole on the
tta'c of the Union, (Mr. Jes R Ingersoix in the
chaii,) and look up the bill to provide further re-
medial just ce in the courts of the United States.
Mr BLACK, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House at length in opposition to the bill.
Mr C J. INGERSOLL followed the gentleman
from Georgia with a few observations, but be
spoke in a very feeble voice, and was occasionally
wholly inaudible His remarks were heard in so
disjointed a manner, that perhaps injustice would
be done to the speaker by a publication of the
fragments of his speech.
At the expiranon of the time limited for the dis-     *
cussion of the bill m Committee ot the  Whole,
the committee rose and reported the bill to the
House.
The previous question was moved and sus.
I tained.
