CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
Mr. W. W. IRWIN moved to lay the bill on
the table.
The yeas and nays were called for and or-
dered, and they resulted as followi—yeas 76, nays
89.
The questien then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired if it was in
order to move a recommittal of the bill, with in-
structions.
The SPEAKER lephed that it was.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to recommit the
bill, with instruction^; and on this motion address-
sd the Houi>e at considerable length in opposition
to the bill
Mr. CUSHING replied.
Mr. INGERSOLL withdrew his motion.
Mr. YORKE moved the previous question; and
it was sustained by the Heuse.
The question on the final passage of the bill
was taken, and resulted—yeas 92, nays 84, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs LandaffW Andrews, Sherlock J Andrews,
Appleton, Arnold, Aycngg, Bdker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye,
Boaidman, Bordón, Brockway, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun,
William B Campbell, Thomas I Campbell, Carutheis, Childs,
Chutenden, John C Clark, James Cosper, Cranston, Gushing,
Garrett Da?is, Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fillmore,
Gamble, Gentry, Giddings Graham, Granger, Green, Hall,
Halsted, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R Ingersoll, James
Irvm, Isaac R Jones, John P Kennedy, Linn, McKennan,
T P Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Mitchell, Mooie, Morgan, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley Pearce,
Pope, Powell, Ramsay, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Ran
dall, Randolph, Raynei, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell,
James M Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd, Simonton, Slade,
Truman Smith, Soliere, Stanly, Stratum, John T Stuart,
J>hn B Thompson, Richard W Thompson, Tillmghast,
Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, tmdeiwood, Van Rensselaci
Washington, Edward D White, Thomas W Williams, Josef h
h Williams, Yorke, and Augustus Young—92
NAYS—Messrs Arnngton, Atherton, Bidlack, Black, Blan,
Boyd, Aaron V Brown, Charles Brown Burke, teampson H
Butler, Green W Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, John Camp,
bell, Cary, Casey, Clifford, Clinton Coles, Mark A Cooper,
Cowen, Cioss, Daniel, Richard D Davis, Dawson Dean, Doig
John O Edwards, Egbert. John G Floyd, Gerry, Gilmer, Wi]
ham O Goode, Gordon, Gustme, Gwm, Habersham, Harris,
Hastings Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard,
Hunter, Charles J llngersoll, William W Irwin Cave Johnsont
John W Jones, King, Lewis, Abraham McClellan, Robert
McClellan, McKay, Mallory, John T Mason, Medill, Miller,
Newhard, Parmenter, Payne, Ptumer, Proflit, Read, Reding,
Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Saunders, Shaw, Shields
William Smith, Steenrod, Summers, Sumter, Jacob Thomp
son, Turney, Wallace, Ward, Warren, Weller, James W
Williams, and Wise—84
The House adjourned at 5 o'clock.
IN SENATE
Saturday, August 27, 1842.
On mouon of Mr BAYARD, the reading of ihe
journal was dispensed with
On motion of Mr BAYARD, a committee of
conference, consisling oí three Senators, was ap-
pointed by the Chan, to meet a like committee oa
the part of the House, to confer as to the disagree-
ing votes on the bill to suppress the vending of
lottery tickets in the District of Columbia
On motion of Mr CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted to wiihJraw from the files the papers of
the heirs of Piatt, and Berry's heirs.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the papers of H. Lewis.
THE DISTRIBUTION ACT.
The bill which had passed the House repealing
the 6th section of the distribution act, which sus
pends the operation of said act when it shall be ne-
cessary to lay a higher rate of duty than 20 per
cent, to support ihe Government, was taken up,
and read the first time; and the question being,
"Shall the bill be read the second time, wuh a view
to reference?"
Messrs WOODBURY and ALLEN objected.
The CHAIR said, objecnon bein  made, the bill
cannot, under the ruie, be read a second time lo
day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted whether it was
not unusual to object to ihe second reading of p
bill with a view to reference, when the eftee  of it
might be to defeat tbe hi!].                                       I
Mr. ALLEN said if it was a mtlter of feehag i
and courtesy, he certainly would not mlerpoie ob-
jection. Bat this was an important measure which
had agitatrd the country for a long time, and he
thought it his duty to endeavor, by all means in his
power under the rule, to defeat it.
The bill, consequently, remains on the table of
the President pro Urn.                                            /
THE DISFRANCHISEMENT BILL.   /
Engrossed bill regulating the taking of testimo-
ny in cases of contested election, cWing up uf or-
der, was read the third time; and, the question be-
ing, Shall the bill pass?                   *         V
Mr. WOODBURY observed that\e knew the
impatience which was now likely to be\f|9t at any-
thing like a lengthened speech He ¡Should not,
therefore, again enter into the arguments, which ex-
isted in such number and strength against a por-
tion of this measure, and that one which it ■■eeks to
enforce. They are twin-sisters; and both most
manifestly wrong. The fir>.t measure ordered the
S ates to make single districts for the choice of
Representatives. This la t one attempts to pun
ish them, if not thus districting. That was, in itself,
inexpedient and unconsiitutioaal, as hastaeretofoie
been amply shown. This is worse, as it makes a
new order on the Clerk of ihe other House whom
he shall admit as members, when the Constitution
provides that each House alone shall do that for
itself, and seeks, by new pains and penalties, to en-
force all which ¡vas objectionable in ihe first meas-
ure. Has ihe amendment adopted here removed,
as some suppose, these obnoxious features in the
two bills? So far from it, both are left in full
force, and, as regards the general-ticket sysiem, in
force, he beheved, only as lo a single Stale in the
Union; and that the State which it was bis pride in
part to represent The title of the bill, in this re-
spect, might then well be changed to "Jl biV to dis
franclaie Nt.w Hampshire alcne, and for other pur-
poses *'
You have, by the amendment, exonera ed, for
Ihe next session, Mississippi, you have 1-t off Mis-
souri, and Alabama, and Georgia, but New
Hampshire alone is to be put under <utlawry.
She, who helped lo form the Constitution, who has
since sustained it in ail emergencies of peace and
war;*wbo has sent her sons to every field and
ocean where biooá was to be shed in defence of
American rights,—is she to be selected tor a victim?
It is not because she has adopted the general-ticket
system for political or party effect, or that she
clings to it wuh a view to injure or disfranchise
any of her people. No, sir; tnat system has been
hers eve since her birth as a member of the
Union. It is suited to her territory, habits, and
interests; and no party, when predominant, wishes
to change it. Pii-h, then, this invidious measure
against her alone, if you will it, but give us rea-
sons for the strange anomaly. Assign something
or other which will tear light and scrutiny. Let
it not be said that the first measure c?n be regard-
ed as adv.tory, and hence ¡hat ihis possesses 'he
like character, for, whatever some of ihe depart-
ments of Government may have thought of the ad-
visory character of the 2d section of ihe apportion-
mjnt bill, it is now certain that the friends of ihe
present measure consider the former one, as well
as this, mandatory.
This bill is designed to enforce the other as man-
datory, by inflicting pains and penalties for disobe-
dience Whoever, then, shall approve this, must
decide that the other is both mandatory and consti-
tutional. Such, in brief, is the tru h of the whole
case. Wi hcut go.ng now iu'o the suhjf ct faither
than mere!) lo state the points involved, Mr. W
said he should elo e, after adding that this course
towards any meii'ber of the confederacy appeared
to be unkind, ungenerous, and unjust
In behalf of ISew Hampshire he therefore pro
tesled against it What she, m the end, might
feel bound to do in relatu n to the subj ct, it was
not for him io say. That dec «ion belonged to
her It h  d d not mistake her charac er, she was
equal to any such emergency, pnd would, undoubt-
edly, act in a manner becoming a 'overeign State.
If other States d"serted her, or wers exempted, so
a to lose a common feeling and common interest
in the question, and she was, left single banded—
solitary and alone—to d h nd the sacred cause of
S ate rights, so be it. She was ready for the c is s
Mr. PORTER said the Legislature of Michigan
had passed a provisional law auihorizing ihe elec-
tion to take place by general ticket, m ca-e a larger
number of Representatives was apportioned to that
State than was provided for by'law, and author-
izing the Governor to issue his proclamation s>
soon as the number was ascertained. Mr P. was
understood to say that the amendment which had
been adopted on the motion of Mr. Berrien, ex-
empting from the operations of this bill such States
as elected Representatives to the 28th Congress by
general ticket, would deprive the Governor oí the
discretion allowed him by the Jaw of the State, and
would force that Sta'e into an election of her Rep-
resentatives by general ticket, as be believed,
against the wishes of the people. Mr. P moved
that the bill be recommitted with instructions
so to amend it as to omit Michigan from the-
benefits of the clause excepting those States which
elect by general ticket from ihe penalties of this
bill, so that that State would either have to elect by
general ticket, or be disfranchised in the organiza-
tion of the next Hou>e of Representatives.
Mr. WRIGHT rep'ied to Mr. Porter, and in
opposition to the amendment, assuring him that he
had been informed by the editor, whose paper he
quoted as a justification for the amendment pro«
posed, that the law was acceptable to the parly in
power in the State, and that it was passtd to save
the expense of an extra session. He  as unwil-
ling that Michigan should be taken rut of the
exception, and thereby either put her to ihe expense
of an extra session, or lay her liable to the peral-
ties of this bill-
Mr. BERRIEN made some remarks again t the
instructions
Mr. PORTER said the Legislature pavsed the
law, from the necessity of tne case. 11 passed it
from that necessity forced upon it by the position
in which she was placed by the tardy action of
Congress on the apporuonment bill. If the bill was
not amended, as suggested by him, he would be
ompelled to vole against it.
Mr. SEVIER said he would vole to recommit
the bul, with the hope that it would there die, and
not because be was m favor of the proposition of
the Senator from Michigan If he would modify
the instructions so ?s to maKe them general, instead
of specific, he would vote for them, if not, he would
vote against them.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE called for a division of the
question, so as to take the vote on recommitment
first
The question was put, and the bill was recom-
mitted.
The question recurring on the instructions,
Mr. WRIGHT suggested to the Senator from
Michigan to withdraw them
Mr. POKTER said he would, if it wa<? the un-
derstanding of the Judiciary Committee that they
would consider ihe proposition
Mr. KING. There will be no understanding at
all.
Here the matter dropped
On motion oí Mr PRESTON, the joint resolu-
tion, authorizing experiments to be made to test
the pracicahihty of Colt1  submarine battery for
harbor defence, was taken up as m committee of
ihe whole; when
Mr ARCHER moved to amend the resolution,
by adding an additional resolution, anthonzing the
Secretary of the Navy to contract for the inven-
tions of Thomas Easton, Ethan Campbell, or Aaron,
&umby, io prevent the explosion of steam-boil-
ers, and to put th  same m use in any one or more
of ihe steam-vessels of the United States, to test
the practical utility of said inventions; and the
amount agreed upon by him to be paid shall be
paid out oi any money in the treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. SEVlEEt suggested that there should be
some limit to the «xpendi.are under the resolution.
Mr KING spoke of tt e flattering resuus of tha
experiments so far, and of the great public im-
portance of giving a further trial oí these mven-
uons, by arplymg them to the vessels. He iwd
no objection to limit ibe expenditure to §5 900
Mr. PK.ESTON s-aid ibe joint resolution appio-
pnales out ot ibe experimented fund, and n it out
of the common treasury, the amount necessary io
test ihe submanne battery. He buggested that boih
ought to be out of that fund.
