!U1
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Messsif ARCHER a'.d KING remarked that
that fond was not sufficient.
Mr. ARCHER suggested that ¡he limit should be
#10,000, and
Mr. KING suggested that $6,060 would be am-
ple.
Mr. WHITE made some remarks commenda-
tory of Mr. Campbe'l's invention, which is in
practical use m the West.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said the resolution was
too partial. It selects only a few out of some
twenty or thirty inventions that were equally en-
titled to the exarmratton of the department What
had become of RaubS and Evans's mventicns?
They were not included m the resolution.
Mr. KING spoke of the experiments of the
numerous inventions which had been expenmen' d
upon by the department; and argued that ¡hese
■were the most prominent, as the reason for men-
tioning them by name, though the resolution did
not preclude the Secretary from testing others.
Mr. STURGEON mentioned the name of Cad-
wallader Evans of Pittsburg. H.s invention had
been tested, and was in u-e on 'he Oh o, and hid
so far proved sat s'actory,
Mr. CALHOUN hoped the amendment would
be withdrawn, and introduced as a separate propo-
sition. The invention of Mr Colt stco 1 on a differ-
ent footing. If successful, it cou'd oily be patron-
ized by the Government, bin the Oihe s coald be
tested by private individual. Toe experiments
ought not to be made on the United S a es vessels.
There were too many lives expos-.d.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved .bat the resolution be
laid on the table; but, beioie the quest on was
taken—     r
UR announced that the hour for pro-
ihe special order had arrived, and the
bceeded to consider
THE TARIFF BILL
TheJSenale having, on motion of Mi Evans, tt-
|?en toé the bill to provide re/enue trom imports,
and Iff cha* ge and modify existing laws imposing
dqtjjft on imports, and lor other purposes—the
question pending being on ordering the auieid-
ments to be engrossed for a third reading,—
Mr. BUCHANAN said he o ?ed it to his own
peculiar positio . in relation to this bill, as well as
to the importance of the interests which it in-
volved, to address the Senate for a few minu es
upon the suljrct under consideraron lie had
never felt bin self placed in a more embarrassing
position tti<m that which he occupied , t the present
moment In th s Mtuat.on he had an tously en-
deavored to dweuver the path of duty, and navitf,
a. he believed, succeeded, b* had determined to
Head it, without fear of consequence*.
Sn, (continued Mr. B ,) the only alUrna ives
now presented to the Senate, is, wl  ther we shall
pass this bill, or leave the eoun'ry 1,3 its present de-
plorable cóndmoní Every sufes ¡tute p-oposed l< r
the bill has failed; and it is rioral y impo Mble
that any other measure can now be introduced in
its stead, with the least hops of success. The last
hour of the session is rapidly approaching, and we
must speedily resolve eitlm to pass the present
bill, or to no nothing.
In what I intend to say, I shall studiously retrain
from arousing any political or peisonal feeling,
but shall be content simply to place myself m that
position before my own constituents and the coun-
try where I desire to stand.
Let us, then, for a few moments, consider the
two horn  of the dilemma—the two alternatives
presented to ihe Senate If you shall adjourn
without passing any bill, what w, 11 te the conse-
quences,? In the first place, vou will ihen con-
tinue, and most probably perpe uate, the distnbu-
fon of (i-e proceeds of the public lands among the
several Plates This is ¡nevitabie, if you should
not rai^e the duties on imports above tvieniy per
cen' Now, s r, whilst I freely accord to my Whip
fnends tb" utmost honesty oi purpose .n clmjutg
10 in- or- ribut on, they will alW me cedir foi al
eqaal c t-S"t; o b.neenty, whsn 1 declare. 1-at, 1
iny udi.-" a, it ib one of the most unwi.e—na,,
cuntero'is—measures which has e"">rbren adopt-
e> by C< nBitfs.   I do not intend to £,o irto ihe gen-
eral que tion at present—having already, during
the present session, lully presented my v ews op-
on the subject. Tnus much, however, I shall de-
clarr—that, if we squander away our most magnif-
icent inheritance of the public land , it is my firm
belief that we and tur descendant will regret the
deed to ihe latest posterity. Whilst we retain 'his
glorious <und, purchased by the toils and the blood
of our revolutioiar/ ancestors,—let foreign war
come when it may, let our c mmerce be swept
from the ocean bv a superior naval powtr, and let
there no longer be anv revenue from customs,—still
we shall have a never-failing resource in the rev-
enue from the public lands to assure our independ-
ence and our safety. This consideration alone is
sufficiently powerful to induce me to vote for ¡almost
any bi'l which would arrest to.n fatal distribution
I would consider almost any bdl (and, in several
particulars, I dislike this bill as much as any Sen
aior on this floor) a triumph, which shall restore
the land fund to the treasury Oi tbe United Sines,
and senle this agitating question. I introduce this
subject, not for the purpose ot etewng political
deba e, lut for thft ot presenting mjselr m my
true attitude before the people of the country
Again: if we adjsnrn without passing any bill,
what will be the condition m which we shall leave
the treasury of our country ■* Why, Mr, many of
the ab'est lawyers thioughout the tfmon, .-s «ell
■ib a large, msj >nty m b¡ th Housto of Congress,
1 old ¡he opmi n that there is now no law in exist
ence undt-r which any revenue c?n be collected
This is the aimost universal opinion of the Wrig
part), ¿'id 11 is also ih^ opinion ot my tnehd frem
South Caro1! a, [Mr. CalhuTjn ] on (those judg
ment 1 am di^posea to place Teat rehince This,
I "i nfe-^s, is rot my opinion, but experience las
Wugut ma to d trust m< < va judgment, especially
rpon lega1 quesliors, when it com s m eonflic
with thit of wiser aod ab'er dki. Snou'd thty
provf i b^ r g] t,—if we adj ui 1 \ ithe ut psssjrg
any bill, we «hill fiy a de n and dt graceful blot
u on th  fh lUcier of the toun'ry, which tirre corld
not effac.
Bt even si ppose it shoul' hrreifter be decided
th¿t danés can be c. 'lee ¡=u u dtr ex.urgla's
the ctn- quence «odd te aimo^t js appalbng
I'very dt lur f f duty whi^h is rt"\' pa,d,i- paid un-
der p'oiest aid, ios(y 'h l-=a-1, it 1 e^iremely
doib fill wheih re<i > cent if icv>nue at snow
r ce led , t t^' eu tcn,-!,ouse must not eventually
ber'iunded Thenho!e cant^ aao deficient revenue
of the Gtvpiiment is now in li igau n, End tf
we shoMd at1} urn wi'hoei pass.ag ^r>y bi I, v il
c n'itueto be in li i ation, and no rjia unows
wl at val be the re-ilt Th s i¿ 'he eondi ion cf
the trcasuiy ot our country t the present moment.
Now, in, is th " a coi di icr. ihat -iiy man—anv
Amt-rcpn cnzen—a^y Apencan patriot—c<-n
' o.iie"  p a'e wi hout feel t gs tf sh?me, mor'ifica-
Hor, and «orroui
And how stands 1 nr national ctedit at the pr^st nt
moaipat' In drat aljeet postur- to which cor reck-
less cour=c ha« reduced n S,>-, ¡ ublic crc< a is í, e
very Uleblocd 01 tbe nation. To rts'o.e it we
ought to matte eve'y s¿criíice consistent with ho'no .
V7e had ever maintained our credit unsullied, from
the time when we spiung into existenee as a na
ti n, until the period when unfortunate dissensions
aro^e between the dominant party and the Presi-
dent. Now, our treasury is insolvent, the public
creditor!, have large demands against it, which it 1-
U' able to meet; ihe state of things is daily growing
worse, and tbe>-e is even danger that the operations
oí the Government may be wholly suspended; and
jet we propose to adj mrn, leaving the country m this
tearful, this deplorable corai'ion Bad, indeed,
must bs the b 11 prcsen'ed before me, if it be av if
is in Ihis: ca«e, the only al ernatne for tlese evils,
for which I shou'd not vote 1 confess I «hnnk
from the lesponóibiLty of recording my voie again t
ihu b.M, when tt fa e may, and most probably nil',
depend upon my single voice
Í have nevei, 11, die v-/!n«,e cours" of rry ]i e
read any { ublicaticn with dertj r feeurg of rror 1-
1 '"on than au extract fiom au ar ic'e n a Lo>--
d n paper, wht.'h í have jus' seen m the Na'iona'
IrtelhgeBcer of Thursda) last. In what estirration
is tbe credit of this great and glorious Republic
now held on the other side of the Atlantic'! That
proud and arrogant nation, to whom you have sent
a special messenger to beg for a loan to supply
your exhausted treasury, has received your mes-
senger with contempt and sCOrn. The language of
this article is so s'rong and k> unjust, that I shall
not repeat it in the American Senate. Your mes-
senger is treated wi h crntempt, when he presents
himself before the British capitalist. He is told
that the credit both of the S a'es which compose
the Union, and of the Union itself, is so low that
no money can be borrowed upon the ¡ledged faith
of the United Sta'es In tie pub'ic journals, cap-
italist are forewarned rgauut him and cautioned
rot to render themselves the dupes of our Govern-
ment And this in England' How mortifying to
ihe honest pride of every true-hearted American!
Now, I maintain that the first duty of an Amer-
ican statesman is to r-ake any he norab'e sacrifice
of opinion which may be ne"essary to sustain the
credit and character of his coumry Wnhout tüe
pa'sage of this very bill—fur we can obtain no
othei—we shall be disgraced at home, and still
more di graced abroad Without it, we descend
from our lofty elevation, and tarni-h that high
character which it is our duty to maintain at every
saenfice.
But the worst has not yet arrived. If Congress
should ai journ without pa siig any rtvenue bill,
Aer rating a irady apptnpna ed twenty four mil
lion  ot dt liars, in «h^t Ci ndition wnl the Gov-
ernuibnt 1 self be plac'd'* ¡t wil1 be de titute vf the
mean  to meet yoar own ?ppropnation% and it
may not even be able to k ep jour navy afloat, or
to pay ihe oilicers and soidi*r >f your army. We
shad eave ben-nj us a bankrupt treasury, and
si j11 rt'urn home to meet a rur-e ' peop'e With
what jty such d sastroits ever s would be hailed bv
the enem es of inr fiee instituí ens thioughout the
n o'V ! uh 1st "befit'nds of ¡ _edt-m in every land,
who rave leen lookmg to tur exampie as their
s ?r of hop1 a.T dst tV a'ecr  cf de poVm, would
receue i e di-ui' 1 te1 „fcc with the most mel-
aneho y for^bed ngs.
Wiihoi Etl e'tiig farther to t'e eondi'ion in
whuh we saou d le ve ihe irec.si.ry ard the Gov -
crnment of eor co ¡ntry, let ns take a hastv glance
at the consequences lo l?t e classe' of our best and
most 1 se ul c uze^s I' > oU pijss no bill, you will
ru ti a *ery large psi 10 ■ of all the mecnai íes and
ar isans th-ou hout the country Tnese are not to
be counted by bu'd'eds tr by thou ands, but by
1 und eds of ¡hoasan 1-, and for intelligence and de-
vo ion to fountrj, ue> a e n t surpassed by any
other cía b in die coramunuy Trjey earn their
dpi y brea 1 by the sweat of their t?ce, and are
11  lv tntuled to our sympa'by and kindness.
Und-t tt,e un form twenty per cent ad valorem
duiy of ihe compromise law. they must abandon
their business, or be deprived of employment. I
bsve been mioimed, from numerous and authentic
sources, ihat sore distiess already prevails among
them, especially in our l„rje AtKctic cmes;and
that ¡heir pros te"; icr th  next winter ate te.nble.
The price ot mi-cbamca! labor 1* imc* cneaperin
Europe than in tins country; and, therefore, if you
impose no higher rate of duiy upiw the made-up
article, than upon the material of wi'ich it 's com-
posed, 'ou mu-t destroy their bjsir"-s Impose
the same rate of duty upon .oreign tioih and upon
ready-made clothing—upon foreign leather and
upon boots and sheet—and your tailors and shoe-
makers have no incidental protect on whatever.
Andvhy? Because, notwithstanding your duty,
f-eir labor comes into equal t nd direct competition
wi h ihe pauper labor of foreign coentnes, and we
sna 1 be upphed with ready-made clothing and
«1 ¡, boots and shoes from abroad, at lower prices
than they can by possibility be afforded at home.
I misht greatly extend this list of mechanics, by
adverting to hatier , saddlers, and other tradesmen;
but Í f 1Var Whatever, then may be your duty
urcn me arneles which thr".t mechanics work lip,
j t u «in, discruni' ate by imposing a higher duiy
upt 0 ih  article 1 hen prepared for u«e by the for-
e'gn mechanic, tr you mast deprive our own me.
chimes ot employment. Such a result would be
deprecated by every Senator upon this floor. The
present bill makes the necessary discrimination.
