$60
on the importance of expunging it from the statute,
book; bir, a* bad as the measure is, he was not
prepared to say that it was worse than tin-., or >o
get rid of it by substituting it in its place But
suppose the n to be equa,iy object'onable, there
was this differer.ce between iheni: it would be
far easier to extricate ourselves from that, than
from this There was no comparison in the
extent and the strength of the icteiests that
would be enlisted m favor of this measure, com-
pared with those in favor of distribution, while
the whole of our pany are united and zealous
against that, the feeb'er measure, but unfor-
tunately divided to a cons'dersb'e extent, it
would seem, in reference to this, the stronger.
According to his opinion, the repeal of the dis.tn
bution act by the next Congress, wuh the whole
Weight of our parly and the Executive Depart-
ment against n, was as ce'tain a1? almost anv future
event, yet he was ready to make considerable
sacrifice for immediate riddance from that odious
measure, but nothing like as great as votn g for
this bill
No one could more sincerely deplore that any
portion of our polit cal friends should bring them-
selves to support a measure to which he was so
strongly opposed, and which be sincerely believed
to be directly hostile to the principles of the party,
and our free and popular insulations'. He doubted
not but that ihey had come to a wrong conclusion,
but he did hope that they would retain tíie strong
repugnance they expiess to a measure, which
they think themselves under circumstances com-
pelled to support, and will rally at an early period,
not only in co-operation with tt*e re^t of the party,
to free the country front us blighting effects, but
■will take the lead in its overthrow.
Mr WOODBIUDGE observed that the bill before the Senate
appeared to turn to be folly as protective a measure as it did to
the mind of the Senator fiom feouthi arolma But that was no
obtection to him, on the contrary, it was its greatest recom
mendation it went far to rec ncilc him to the sacrifice vvhicli
his party ha 1 been con^trame i to make lie had risen merely
to say, with regard to the vote he should give, that, as his friends
went, so would he go
The question was then taken on ordering the amendments to
be engrossed, and the bill read a third time, on which the veas
and nays had been called and ordered, and it was decided m the
affirmative—yeas 24, nays 23, as follows
YEAS—'Vlessrs Borrow, Bates Bayard, Buchanan, Choatc,
Conrad, Ciius, Cuttenden, tHyton, Evins Huntington Mi!
ler, Morehead, Phelps Porter, Mrmn ms, bmith oí In liana,
Sprasne, Sturgeon, Tallma !ge, White William", Woodbnd e,
and Wnght—¿4
NA\&—Messrs Allen, Archer, Bagby Buiton, Berrien Cal
hour), Clayton, Cuthbert, frulton, Graham, Henderson King,
Lmn, Manguni, Mei rick, Preston, Rives, stvier, smith of Con
necticut, Tappin, Walker, Wooubui y, and \ oung—23
The bill was then read a thud time and passed
Mr WRIGHT desired to ctll the attention of the Stnate to
the necessity of taking up the joint resolution foi the adjourn
ment of Congiess He moved to take it up lie vt rily be
Jieved, if the ¡sen tte adjourned to night without adopting the
resolution that it would be exceedingly doubtful whethei the
Heuse would have a quorum on Monday
Messis TaIT MADGE and BERR1LN thought it too late to
go into the eonsideiation of the subject fit was 8 o'clock, p
m]   And therefoie Mr B moved an adjournment
Mr WRIGHT called for the yeas and naya on the adjourn
ment, which were ordered
The question was then taken, and resulted m the affirmative—
yeas 24, nays 20
Ho the Senate, at 8 o'clock adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Saturday, August 27, 1842.
Mr W. W. IRWIN tí Pennsylvania offered
the following «solution
Resolved, Thit the Committee on Roa Is and Canals le in
structed t laqu le into theexpediency of eUenJirg the Cjm
berlandroad to Lake Lne, via Pittsburgh an I that said com
mittee report thereon at the next session of Conffre s
At the sjiasesiion of Mr PLUMER,
Mr. IRWIN modified h s resolution, by insert-
ing after the word 'Pittsburgh," the words' and at-
senal at Meisdvi'le," Ah ch wa^igreed to
Mr. JOHN C CLARK offered a reso'uton
that all debate en the b'l! for the reorganization of
the navy cepse in on  hour's time alter Ukirg it
up in Commute of the Whole, and that the ct m-
mittee shall ihen proced to vote on the amend-
ment0  agreed lo
On motion by Mr LEVY, the bill provid ^g
payment for certain. Florida mil tía was taken up,
and passed
Mr THOMPSON of Indiana moved to tak  up
the bill for the relief of William Jjn-s- object-
ed to.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. T. then moved a suspension of the rules;
which motion was rejected.
The amendments of the Senate to the following
bills were severally read and concurred in:
An act for the rehef of Effie Van Ness
An act granting a pens on to Amsziah Good-
win.
An act for the relief ot Dennis Dvgert
An act for the relief of Hannah Carver
An act giving Cathanne Lehman the benefit of
the f ct of 7,h July, 1838
An act for .he relief of J. F De Bel'evue.
An act to provide for the completion of the peni-
tentiary in Ike Territory of Iowa.
The Hous>e proceeded to the consideration of the
bill from the Senate, to authorize the Secretary ot
the Treasury to make an arrangement or compro-
mise with ary of the sureties on the bonds given to
the United States by SamneT Swartwout, late col-
lector of the port of New York.
Mr A. V BROWN moved to lay the bill on
the tab e, but withdrew the motion a* trie request
ot
Mr. WARD, who addressed the House m sup-
port of the bill
After some remarks from Messrs STANLY and
CAVE JOHNSON in opposition to (he bill, and
from Mr. FERRIS m its support,
Mr. A. V. BROWN sa d that, when he wuh
drew his motion to lay on the table, he very little
expected a dtbate en the merits of this bill He
feared that it had very little meru to recommend
it; but whatever it bad, conk' not bp looked into
during the very few hour-, remain eg for bu iness |
at the present session O hers h?d sptken to the
merits of the bill, but the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] had fambled off into a |
party speech on the occasion He adverted to 'he
fact that Swartwout had been appointed by Gene-
ral Jackson. Well, what of tha^ Was not every
Pre-ident liable, occasionally, to make bad ap-
potn ments? Had not other Presiden"  (the gentle-
man's friends) also made bid appom'menK? and
would the gentleman hold them responsible for
every defalcation that had taken place under their
administration1 He must do that before he re-
flected on the Jackson administration for Swart-
vont's defalcation What was trie amount of that
defalcation The gentleman [Mr. Stanly] had
spoken of n as a million and a quarter That was
the old s'ory of 1840—founded, he supposed, on
the report of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr
Wise]
But had the gentleman forgotten the Poindexter
íe-port of this session?—brought in here by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina himself—adopted vy
him, and made public property, which, on that ac-
count, we had to pay for, and we had paid for it
roundly Sir, everybody rememb is the extraordi-
nary circumstances of that report Well,-sir, ac-
cording to that report, (Poindexter's,) the whole
country was under a mistake ás to the extent of
this defalcation. Instead of a million and a quar-
ter, it turns oat to be only about $600,000—fallen
off, sir, to something less; than one half' So much,
sir, for the tormer reports on this subject, that an-
sweied such fine elec'ioneenng purposes in former
times Owing to this uncertainty, and the impos-
sibility of properly investigating the case at this
late period of the session, he would renew the mo-
tion to lay ihe bill on the table
The question was then taken on laying the bill
on the table, and carried—yeas 119, nays 37.
The bill for the relief of sundry citizens of
Arkancas who lost their improven-tnts, in conse-
quence of a treat/ between the United Sta es and
the Chrctaw Indians, wa>  derated by Messrs
J THOMPSON, CROSS, UNDERWOOD, and
MAXWELL.
Mr HOPKINS moved the previous question
Mr. EVERETT moved to ¡ay the bill upon 'hs
table.
Mr CROSS en'reated ihe gentlemen to wuhdrs,w
the r motions, to give him an < poortiraity to reply
io   he gen'temen  who hed addicted  tne   com
,  mit'ee
Mr HOPKINS yielded.
Mr   CROSS th n addre.s e I the Hou e m favor
¡ of the till.
Mr EVERETT addressed the committee in op-
position to the bill.
Messrs. STANLY and POPE having made some
observations, the former gentleman renewed the
motion to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. CROSS called for the yeas and nays-, and
being ordered, they resulted as follows: yeas 103,
nays 47.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted a resolution that
the House would act first on the Senate's bills in
the following order: first, bills on their third read-
ing; second, bills m Commiitee of the Whole on
ihe sta'e of the Union; and, third, bills in Commit-
tee of the Whole House
This resolution was adopted—ayes 87, noes 38.
Mr ATHERTON inquired of Mr Fillmore if
it was bis intention to call up the bill submitted I y
him yesterday, to limit ihe sale of United States
stock to par, and to authorize the issue of treasury
notes to a certain amount in lieu thereof.
Mr FILLMORE replied that it was not his m-
tenuea to call it up tul after the tariff bill was dis-
posed of in the Senate.
The following bills were then taken up and
passed-
The bill for the relief of Wm. H Robertson,
Samuel H Garrow, and John W. Symington.
The bill in addition lo the act to promote the
progress of the usefm arts, and to repeal all other
acts, or parts of acts, heietofore made for that pur
pose.
The bill for the relief of Wm Polk.
Mr. CUSHING, from Ihe Committee on For
ergn Affairs, la d on the table a report, accompanied
by certain papers, m relation to claims of Amen
can citizens on Mexico   ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, the House re
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, and
acted on t! e following bill*-
The bill to allow a drawback on fore gn goods
exported in the original packages to Chihuahua and
Santa Fe, in Mexico     Laid aside to be reported.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Hull Laid aside
to be reported
The bill to revive and cont nue m force the act
m addition to the act supplementary to the act for
he punishment of certain crimes against the United
^tates.   Lai' aside to be reported.
The bill to piovide fpr ihe reports of the decis-
ions of the Supreme Couit. Laid aside to be re-
ported.
The next bill was "An act directing an edition
of the laws of the United States to be compiled and
pimUd " it was objected to.
A joint resolution for the relief of Ferdinand
Pettricb was also objected to.
The bill entitled "An act to carry into effect
two resolutions of the Continental Congress, di-
recting monuments to be eree'ed in memory of
Generals Francis Nash and William Davidson,''
next came up.
Mr RANDALL offered an amendment to au-
thorize ti e Governor of Connecticut to erect a
monument to the memory of Capt Nathan Hale,
and making an appropriation for that purpose
Mr J. G FLOYD submitted an amendment
providing for the erection of a monument to the
memory of Baron De Kalb.
Mr. WISE suggested the propriety of erecting
a monument to commemorate the union of the al-
lied armies of France and America, and the vic-
tory which ihey achieved at Yoiktown
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected lo the whole
bill, and it waspa<"-ed ovei.
An act to provide ftr the- publication of a new
ed tion of the laws and regulations of the Post
Office Department, and a perfect list of post ifficei
in the United States, was laid aside to be reported.
An act in relation to land sold in the Greens
burg (late St. Helpna) land district, in the S ate of
Louisiana, and authorizing the resurvey of rertain
'indg msatddis net, was objected toby Mr. CAVE
JOHNSON.
An act to authorize the construction of a depot
for charts and instruments of the n?vy of the
UnU'd S -v • <•, was objected to by Messrs CAVE
JOHNSON, SPR1GG, and others.
An act to provide for the settlement of certain
