CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
still more to depreciate, because the Secretary of
the Treasury had no alternative to meet the in-
stantaneous pressing demands of the treasury, but
to sell the stock at the best prices at which it would
be taken.
They had, therefore, thought it best to give him
the al ernative to issue a limited amount of treas-
ury notes to meet the pressing demands of the treas-
ury. Mr F ought to say that the committee were
not unanimous in this- there was me honorable
exception, one gentleman of that committee, now
before htm, [Mr Botts,] was unwillirg that treas-
ury note* should b- issued, although he [Mr Botts]
believed it was right to limit the sale of the stock
at par.
Mr. P. had no deep solicitude on this subject, his
object and ambition, and that of tbe committee, had
been to do all they could to save the credit and
honor of the country from suffering from the course
of the present Executive
After a di cussion in which Messrs BOTTS,
ADAMS, BARNARD, PROFFIT, and CUSH-
ING, took part—
A message was received from the Senate by
Aseurv Dickins, esq , their S°cretary, announo ng
the parage by that body of certain bills from
tbe House
Mr. PROFFIT addressed the committee at some
length in advocacy of the bill, and in congratula-
tory remarks at he good state of feeling and of de-
votion 10 the interests of ihe country irrespective
of party considerations, ¡hat now existed. He re-
ferred to some of the events of the ses«ion to the
ratification of tbe treaty, to the settlement of the
Rhode Is'and pffairs, to the settlement of the ques
tion of distribution, (in a manner, no doubt, to the
sati faction oí all,) to th" settlement ot the revenue
question, and to the reergmsed termination of tbe
Florida war, comment on the g'onous spectacle
that was in this, presen'ed to foreign nations, of a
Pre«ident «nh<ut a paity, looking merely to the
public good, having been able to accomplish these
things, and declared himself for the support of John
Tyler in (reference to any other man.
In the course of his remarks, Mr. P yielded to
explanations or inquiries by Messrs BOTTS,
RAYNER, WfE, and COOPER of Georgia.
Mr MARSHALL said he had been p'aced,
within the last halt hour, in a conditif n somewhat
unusual for him on measures of this «orl, he had
actually changed his opinions h" believed three
time', on this subject, since he had come tn the
Hou«e, and if he bid not known that this thing
had bren done so often by very distinguí hed per
sons within the la«t ten davs, it would have been a
source of great mortification 10 him. He was op-
posed to this plan of issuing treasury-notes, be
was opposed to the report of the committee on
this subject at the last session, and to the legisla
tion on it at the early part of th s session The
bill proposed that the public stock should not be
negotiated below par, and ihat the Trea'u y Depart-
ment should be au'honzed to meet the pressing de-
mands of the treasury by the i«sue of treasury-
no'es, until teose demands cou d be supplied by
loan. The fact, as he understood it, wa-, that the
treasury was at this moment actually emptj, that
it was as dry as a powder box; and until this
loan be negotiated, the treasury was without any
means
Mr M should vote in fa\orof the bill. He
believed, for one, that the revenue bill would cer-
tainly meel the signature of the Presidfnt, and be
had nc doubt but the passage rf ihat bill wi uld re-
store American credit, and that the loan could be
negotiated at par at leas', if not above par, but, m
tbe mean time, he was unwillirg to adjourn this
Congress, leaving the treasury of the United S a'es
without pnj means for an hoar, and he should vote
for this, bill on the same principle as he had voted
for ihe revenue bill, without reference or conjec-
ture as to what the President might do on the sub-
ject, but shoull simply do what he believed to be
ins duty as a part of the Legislature of th  Gov-
ernment—which w.is, first to provide revenue foi
Government, and ihen not to adjourn the Legisla-
ture with >ut making some provis'on to meet the
pressing demands on tbe treasury
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr Piornr] had
consiatu'died himself on ihs settlement of these
great questions without a party. He seemed to
appropriate Ihe whole of the horn r of ihe session
to the President of the United S ates, through the
instrumentality of "ihe guard" of the President of
the United States, of which he had mfoimed them
that he was ihe humblest member The gentle-
man from Indiana anticipated that not only the
Florida war, our disputes with England, the ques-
tion of revenue, but the bank and all other sub
jects would bJ settled under this. Administration,
and by means of a President without a parly, and
avows, m advance, that the President is h s candi
date in preference to all other men, 'iving or dead.
[Laughter ]
A word or two (continued Mr M ) on the sub-
ject of this revenue bill, and a word or two on the
means by which it was pfs&ed, in reply to what he
had heard said in other parls of this Capitol, and
without these walls. Some men tork the ground,
here and elsewhere, that the Whig parly m this
matter had been whipped in by the President of the
United States, and had surrendered a principle
It was said out of this House, that this bill had
been brought about by the overbeari-g power and
at the suggestion of the manufaclu'ing interests
here. He had heard the Whig pprty taun ed openly
elsewhere in this Capitol, in debate, and had heard
it said elsewnere, in discussion between gentlemen,
that the Yankefs did not care a button ft r ihe
land5, that the Whig party had been overpowered
by the manufac uring interest*, that they were
conquered, and that the land question bad been
surrendered, that they had been overct me by the
sclh hno-s and venality of their New England
brethren, who were attached to the tariff and d d
not care for the lands, but only emp < ve 1 the lane s
for the purpose of taking along iheir Southern an 1
Western brethren, and when theywu'd be touted
no longer, that they had abandoned ihe distribu-
tion, holding on to the tariff", and thus that the land
bill had been surrendered to Yankee cupidity and
Yankee avarice, and ihat the Whig partv had been
triumphed over, and the land question given up m
this way
Mr M said here, in his place, that the proposi-
tion to strike out the 27th section of the bill, and
the proposition to pass the bill separate and apart
from the land question, did not come from, and
was not made by, a New England member in this
Capitol, originally, that, if there was any pligbied
faith between the parties devoted to the tariff and
to he lands, and if on the veto of the President,
there wjs any danaer of dismemberment among
the party, no proposition was brought forward by
a New England member to strike cut tbisciause at
all, but that, so far as any manifestation was
made, those devoted to the tariff were prepared to
make common lot with them, and give up tariff
and lands together. The very first man who made
the propositi n to vnike out he 27 h section, and
quit the lands altogether, and yield ih m for the
present, was made by the Representative fiom the
10 h consrossu nal distiic' of Kentucky—on« of
whose consniutn s was that man whtse peculiar
measure this land bill was supposed to be
Mr M had felt the pecuhainy and delicacy of the
po'ifon of th ise men devo ed to he tariff on this
fl iir, and they had felt it, and acted it nut There
was, as far as he knew, certainly no preposition
on the part of the Notthern memoers to make a
separate cause, and abandon this land question, m
oppo Hion to those who were suppo ed to be the
pecnhir f íents of distribution, so thit this cause
of triumph rright cease. Mr M hid made the
propositi n fo reís ns he had a"si_ned, lthat1 c<me
from him, and ¡f there was any s-aenfice any sur
rendering of the lands, the proposition was made
by that member «ho stood pledged to the land
question more so emmy and emphatically than
any other member of the Congre s of the United
Statts
They, on th  o her part, had b°en ch-rged with
a design to sacr fice the revenue and evemiing
else to the lands, leeause it was supposed to be ihe
pecul ar m aiure of the man who had been spoLen
of as the candidate io be run for the Presidency by
the Wh g party
In answer to that cbarge¡ be >t knowrij sa:d Mr.
M , that it was that man'  own representative who
made the pr po=i ion in this hall- and it had been
said that propo«i ion had been dictated by hos'iiity
to that man; that, because it wis known to be a
great measure of his life, supposed to be originated
by him, th-refore, from feelings of personal pique
or mal gmty, growing out of personal quarrels, he,
(Mr. M ,) to wreak bis revenge, had united with
another party, to tread under foot, and to sacrifice
to the President of the United States, the darling
policy of one who was said to be dictator in these
halls
Nothing of it, nothing of it, «aid Mr M. If, in.
the discharge of his duty here, he had been charged,
with being influenced by any reference to the course
of ¡he President, or the wishes c f that man of whom
be had spoken, Mr M 's course on this bill would
he suf! cient to abso ve him from all reproaches on
this ground. In his course, he had no refererce to
the prospects of any body, but to Ihe prospects of
this country, and to the fate of Congress before
the nation.
A hading Whig print within the last few days
had said that Marshall of Kentucky, in one of
his vagaries, had stated, on the floor of the House
of Representatives, thai he had been read out of
the church by the Whig party, when no such thing
ha 1 ever been thought if by anjbody but himself.
Now, the correspondent of that paper on this floor
muvt have taun to «h?t he was replying A
¡.entleman had f rmally anncurced Ihat he (Mr.
M) had qjitted Ihe Whig part}, and had gone
over, and, ?s an hen, was applying to be received
by trie othf-r par v Wnether he had quit the
Wmg parly or nof, he would let tne country, or at
lea t the people of thit port on of he country which
ne repre entei, ircide Bu', in rrp y to the gen-
tle man froii In liana, [Mr Proffit ] he would
state what h  considered a s-cr fice ot principles.
It «as not, when i!ey passed such a bill as they
liked, and fue Presilent iefu~el his signature, to
move on to another brarch of legislation, but when
forced, under ihe Executive lash, to pass measures
abhorrent io all their principles, then they yielded
their principles—and not nil then
Mr SPRIGGf interposed, and, remarking that
there were bin a kw moments to elapse to the ter-
mination < f ihe drb?te, he ask^d the gentleman to
appropriate them to show why he should be hum-
bugged any fuuber hy me Committee of Ways and
Means     [Laughter ]
Mr MARSHALL saia he could do that, but he
did not know that the gentleman bad been hum-
bugged by ihat ct.mmittee.
Mr. M. was going io say wbi'he considered a
great sicrifiie of princip'e, and nsvow m advance
that such a «aenhc hi never wouid make When
the? had p^ssfd a bill in relation to the public lands
such as they like I, and it n?s vetoed, they yielded
to the Constitution on the suhject ot the veto, they
sacrificed no principle, but moved on to am'her
branch of legisla ion, to provide revenue. He
should never feel attsftVd urtil this Congress, be-
fore it expired, ps ed such bills on all subjects in-
trusted to them by this nation, as they anproved.
He hoped thai, luteal of a fiscal aaent, or ex-
chequer bank, the Whig-, on full consultation,
u( uld pass s-uch a Bantf of the United State> as
they themselves approved, and c >u!d stand on,
without refererce to ihe peculiar feelings and preju-
dices of that or of any other President whatever;
and that ere this Congies^ ex med, they could go
before the people on messuns, a nether vetoed cr
not, that v ou d stard, and which they iruld derm lá-
strate were con'io eat wi h tner past profess ons.
Mr M had huard gentlemen talk about voting
on th2 reverue b 11 with rrluctanee, they had
spoken as if they had b-^n dragged up to execu-
tion He did not feel s0, and be thought it was
impairing, in s(me sort, ihe glor) ard grace of
ihat achievement to be diagged up to it reluctantly.
He, fir one, had felt no reluctance, he came up to
the scratch wah perfect will i g"css, because he be-
lieved that honor, in teres.', pol cy, and duty, ?ll
al ke required this bill at the.r hamls, and he did
n, st deeply tha k God thd , ere this C rgrcs had
adjourned, Aey bad achieved ¡his great thing. Ob,
wl ata queer s att of i> cords 'tee jnurr al* vvoo ¡Í
presen''   Seme of the ■ en  t?h st wmts iu >ba
