968
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the axe of the pioneer, out of which, before fifty years has
passed away, a dozen non slaveholding Slates may have their
Senators in Congress Suppose that a majority of each, or even
Of most of these States (not a very improbable supposition)
should be disposed to enter into a crusade against our peculiar
institution, as Mr Adams calls it,—where would be our pro-
tection with a Senate in which we are thus outnumbered, and
a House of Representatives elected from each State by general
ticket! We would have none No, not even a shadow ef pro-
tection, exceptadissolution of the Union.
"independent, however, of all sectional cansiderations that
representation is certainly most congenial with liberty, which
most nearly reflects the lights and shades of political opinions
entertained by the constituent bnrly By the general ticket, the
voice of the minority in a State, let it approach ever so near an
equality in number with the majority, is entirely suppressed
So much so, indeed, that they have not even the poor privilege
of remonstrating against the passage of measures to which
they are opposed, but must remain dumb under the most aggra-
vated misrepresentation of their motives, and quiet, under the
greatest injustice' If, m an appeal to the ballot box, what was
lately the minority becomes the majority, the tables are turn
ed; and the late majority, being now the minority, are subjected
to the same evil5* that they, when in power, inflicted Thus,
the abovenamed abuses are shown tobe inherent m the system,
and cannot be eradicated while it remains
"The single district system does not, it is true, insure the lep
resentation of minorities in proper proportions, but it approxi-
mates as near to the probability of such a result as any that
can conveniently be adopted
"Many have already expressed a determination to treat the
districting clause of the apportionment law as a dead letter, and,
if they aie returned to Congress, to vote for the admission of
members, not elected according to its provisions, and by the
vote of members thus admitted, to repeal it If, however it
can sustain the first shock of party, combined with the very
natura! preference entertained for the general ticket wheie that
system has prevailed, the States will all acquiesce, and it will
become the law of the land
"To the South, where it now encounters, I believe, the great-
est opposition, I regard its maintenance to bt of the last import
anee To the whole Union its maintenance is more impoitant
than the question of whether the Whig or Democratic doctrines
shall prevail for a few years to come in the National Legisla
ture The influence of the one is temporary, of the o her per-
manent "
Indeed, sir, the subjects admit of no compari-
son. It seems, from recent events, that the most
unimportant of all considerations is the question
whether we have members here who are nomi-
nally Whigs or Democrats. If Whig votes are
wanting to carry a high protective tariff, the di fi-
ciency is supplied by Democrats; and so far as the
public lands are concerned, let who may rule in
Congress, we are pioiected against the'r plunder as
long as the present Chief Magistrate sits in the
presidential cbair.
Mr. C. would now briefly reply to the argument
of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] who
says ihat "each House being, under the Constitu-
tion, the judge of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its members," we have no right to pre-
scribe rules ot evidence to apply to the organization
of a subsequent House, or to cases oí contested
elections that may come before it.
Some believe thai the Howse of Representatives
is in the nature of a corporation, constantly exist-
ing, without reference lo the particular members
who take part if  its deliberations, and that t"ie
language of the Constitution prescribing that escb
House shall be the "judge of the elec'i ns, quahfi-
cation^, and return of its own member ," applies
to each House of Congrest, ms'ead of to e^ch
Hou^e of each succeeding Consress. If this mier-
p'e alum is correct, the argument of the gentleman
has le s plausioi lty than it would have if the
language if the Constitution applies to each
Hou^e of each Congress
Mr C. admitted that h> thought the last men-
tioned 'nterore'ation most correct But let us ex-
amine th^ bill under consideration What does
it propose to do' D'-es it propose tbat we shall
¡u''ge of tl e "e'eWions, je'wnj, and qnahfica'ionsu
of membeti heteafler to be elected? Certa illy not.
Sich a proposition would mvo'/e an absurlity.
It simply propose-, to pre cr be rules tor the ors^n-
i^Tion rf snt-soquent Congress s, and ro>s for
the takirg of testimi ny in casts of contested elec-
tion* ¡hat may come before them for adjudication.
Mr C. would illustrate Iim position by an example.
The O institution prescribes 'that the judicial
power rf the United Stairs shall be ves'ed in one
Supreme Coon, and such infenor couits as Con-
gress rrav, from time to lime, ordain and estab-
lish," Yet, in pt escribing rule* of testimony by
which cases that ccme before these courts are judged
of Co gress does not decide upon the cases themselves,
makes no encroarhment upon the judicial func-
tions, and is guilty of no usurpa!.on. Cdn the
gentleman draw the distinction'
Not long aft*r the organization of 'he Govern'
ment, rules were prescribed by law for the taking
of testimony in cases of contested elections. The
first of these owed their origin to R< tert Gocdloe
Harper, then a member from North Carolina.
For many vears, no rules have existed, except such
as have been prescribed by the various committees
of election, and approved by the respective Houses
of CoBgress, atter the cases to be decided have
arisen. Gentlemen all know the inconvenience,
delay, and indeed the injustice, that arise from this
state of things. Contesting members come on here,
without a tittle of evidence in support of their
claims, from the extreme parts of ihe Union. Rules
for the taking of testimony are prescribed after the
cases arise. They return to their distant States;
are compelled to traverse extensive districts; and
the long session of Congress is sometimes termi-
nated before their cases are decided. A portion of
the freemen of this country may, in the mean time,
not be represented at all, or, wbat is worse, they
may be misrepresented by a man whom they hive
not lawfully chosen. Do not such evils call loudly
for a remedy'
Mr. C regarded that portion of the bill which
related to the organization of the House (although
far from the best that could be adop ed) of great
importance. It is in vain for gentlemen to say
they will, if relumed to the next Congress, resist
it, if it becomes a law. They (the constitutional
Representatives of a people, whose proud beast it
is to live under a government of la 1) certainly do
not contemplate a resistance by violence. Ntne
other is practicable, until after the House is or-
ganized After the House is organized, Congress
may repeal ihe law; but, until it is organized, ihe
rules which its prescribes must of necessity have a
controlling influence.
The confusion and disorder which prevail in this
hall, at the meeting of every new Congress, mu<t
admonish gentlemen of the necessity of pre>enbing
for the organizaron of subsequent Congresses
When we assembled here, the Clerk of the former
House—acting without authority of law, an«i only
in accordance to custom—read, from a list which
he held in his hand, the names of two hundred and
forty-two gentlemen, which he had collected from
newspaper paragraphs, hearsay, private letters,
and such other means as happened to be within
his reach. We answered to our names when
called, proceeded to elect a Speaker, were sworn to
support the Constitution, and became oreamzed.
Why did we submit to this loose method of organ-
iza un' Were we under any obligation cf law, or
of the Constitution, to do so? No. But simply
because there were no rules prescribed for our gov-
ernment; and we submitted to this loose custom
from necessity—silently protesting, at Ihe same
time, in our judgments, against it. For the same
leason gentlemen elected to the next Congress will
be compelled to submit to Ihe provisions of thi  bill,
if it become a law, so far as the organization of
the House is concerned
Although Mr C defended both the constitution-
ality and the propr ety of passing a law to provu'e
for the organization of future Hoctses, and for the
taking of testimony in cases of contested elections,
he did not expect to vote for the present bill. There
were parK of it which he did not approve, that
were now not amendable For example, there is
a provisn n in ihe bill which limits the time of com-
mencing a comes' to thirty days after the remit of
the electtun is known. We have no authority to
denj a gentleman the right to pioseeule his claim
on this ¡loor, whenever it may become kno'¥ii to
htm that it exists We have no authority to es ?b-
lish a statute of limitations again t the neht of .he
people to eject a member, when they discover that
ii  holds hi  seat by fraud, and is not truly th'ir
representative.
Mr. BOTT8 moved the previous question; which
was seconded.
The main question (on the amendments) was
ordered to be now taken.
The amendment of Mr. John CiMrBELL was re-
¡ee'ed.
And the question then being  on concurring in
the said first amendment of the Senate,
,     Mr, COOPER cf Gecrg<9 asked the }eas and
nays thereon, whub were ordered; pad, being ta-
ken, were—yeas 56, nay* 92.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WM. W. IRWIN moved that the bill and
amendments be laid on the table, and asked the
yeas and nays thereon, which were ordered, and,
being taken, were—jeas 68, nays 81.
So the bill and amendments were not laid on the
table.
All the other amendments of the Senate were
concurred in, with the exception of the second, in
which the House refaced to concur.
Several Senate bills were put on their first and
second reading, and were appropriately referred
The joint reso ution from the Senate, authonz-
wg the suspension of a contract for carrying ihe
mail, was read twice, and, by general consent, was
read a third time, and parsed.
A'id then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 30   1842.
The reading of the journal was dispensed with.
On  motion of Mr HUNTINGTON, ihe Com-
mittee on Commeice was discharged frtm the fur-
ther consideration  of the  subjec's referred to it,
wh ch had not been already reported upon
Mr. PHELPS, from ihe Committee on Pansions,
to which had been recommitted the bill for the re-
liet of Es> her Johnson, the widow of Colonel Jo-
seph Johnson, reported the sartie back, with a rec-
ommend, lion that it he indefinitely po^tpored
Ou motion of Mr EVAN^, the Senate took up
for consideration, as. in committee of the whole, Ihe
bill making appropriation for Ihe execution of the
Wyandot   reaty
Mr. E explained that the bill appropriated
$65,650, the exact amount that the treaty called
tor It had been rat tied at Ihe present session,
with amendments; which amendments, h'had no
doubt, would be acceded 'o by the other party Tie
was a*are that it was not usual to make appro-
priations in advance, to ratify treatie ; but as he
had no doubt the treaty would be fully exeeu'ed
before the next session of Congress, he thought it
better to make the appropriation now to meet ¡t
Mr E then submitted two amendments: one ma-
king an appropriation cf $15,692 to meet cettam
interests on inves'ments in S ate stocks for the In-
dians; and $15,000 to defray the expenses of the
Sioux treaty; which, after a few remarks by
Messrs. EVANS and WOODBURY, were agreed
to.
Mr. EVANS said he had another amendment to
offer, to meet an object that it was necessary to pro-
vide for; and, as this would be the only opportuni-
ty presented, he must a«k to be permtt'ed to ap-
pend it to this bill The amendment was read It
proposed to appropnate $100,000, m addition io
former appropriations, to defray ihe expers s of
ihe supreme, circuit, and dis'nct courts ot the
United Sta'es, mclud ng the District of Columbia,
for the pay of jurors, and lo dcfiay tb  expenses of
the maintenance of suns by the United States Ha
said that, at the commencement of the present ses-
sion, the estimate presented to Conga^s w?s
$475 000, to defray the expenses of the courts, but
objection was made to that amount, and §100 000
was stricken out, against his protes auons a ihe
time—onl> $375 000 being apprtpnaied Her.ii
cor'vtncd a1 tne time that that srrount was inade-
quate, and that tie wh le amnuet estimated for
was nece^ary. O the §375,COO appropria ed, < n
ly $45,000 remained to defray the expe> ses of the
' court> for the remainder of the year He heped,
therefore, that there would be no objection to the
appio; nattf n
Messrs. CALHOUN and WOODBURY called
the attention of the Sena'e to the enormous in-
crease m the expenses of the judiciary t'epirtment.
The expenses in 1839 (they sa.d) were only §300 -
000, and in 1840 onh $145,000, but this year, if
the amendment be acceded to, they would be í-ith-
m a fraction of half a million of dollars The
Senate would remertber that ihe expenditures in
this dep?rtment forced the bas s of one of the re-
trenchment resolutions- of the late Seniior fien
Kentn ky, [Mr Clav ] Thai S-nat. r urged the
impottiin.ee of re'rentbirg these eif enset.; but, in-
