CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
stead of hearing of some project from the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment to effect that object, here was
a proposition to cover an increase of expendi-
tures,
Mr. MOREHEAD said the Committee on Re-
trenchment ha 1 been busy with the subject of re-
trenchment, and would be prepared to make a par-
tía! repon, before the close ot the session, upon ihe
subject. He was impressed with the great impor
tanc? and propriety of largely curtailing the expenses
of this department particu'ar!y,and hoped it would
be efíec'f d *t the rext session of Congress
Mr BERRIEN made some remaiksm favor ef
the amendment proposed.                                 \
Trie amendment was agreed to; and the bill «a?
reported to ihe Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, as amended                          \
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House bill mak,ng appropriations for cer-
tain fortifications of the Unite I States for the year *
1842, was taken up as m committee of the whole.
Mr. EVANS suormtted an amendment appro-
priating §30,000 for the purchase of Pea Patch
Island in the Delaware river.
Mr. CLAYTON hoped this amendment would
not be adopted. Foi several sessions back, it had
been introduced in this sneaking way at the heel of
the session, as if its friends were ashamed of it
He should say that there was- no time to di=euss
or examiae the «object. He knew that he mi ht
just as well address the frees in Ihe public garden,
as tins body at the last day of the session, with a
vi w of obtaining attention, or ejciting the inierrst
necessary to go fully into such a subject. He
went into dcaili to show the nece-sity and pro-
priety of postponing the clai'S
Mr. EVANS believed, although the matter had
so long bren in ?gi'ation, it was never so near being
settli-d as at present. This islam1 was a point of
grea' importance to the United States; and a great
deal of the public money had been expended on
the fortifications. There seemed to be no way
of bringing the content about the title to a close,
but by compromise. The Secretary of War had
made an agreement subject to the ratification of
Congress. If Congress now acts on the subject,
the claimants are bound by the agreement; if not,
the whole matter of controversy will be opened up
again, and may give infinite trouble be.ore it can he
brought as near a close as it is at present. He
stated the de'ails of the aibttratton.
Mr B WARD a Imu ed that this was a very old
cldi'i, and that it was dtsirab e it should be set'led.
But he contended that it was improper to intrust
the arbitration to persons chosen wholly from a
county do ply interested in the issue. When the
United States took possession of the island, it was
uoih ng but a worthless mud-bank; and it never
wouid have bien wonh anvihng, had riot the
Unittd i5Ui.es expended -}4U 000 m embanking it.
He did nut know mat he would 'o much object to
the mode proposed, of «eitling tie tale by a b na-
tion; t ut he had a decided obj cuon to the proposed
mode et assessing the value.
Mr. MILLER did not know that either New
Jersey or Delaware had Any interest m ihts con'e't,
except so far as related to jurisdiction—the matter
of rroperty b°mg entirely a quotum bUveen the
Um ed S'ates aid ine individual claimant He re-
cap tulated Ihe proceedings hitherto had on the
subject
Mr B WARD replied.
Mr  MILLER if-j'oined
Mr EV\\N3 leqaes'ed no more lime would be
lo    in di-cns-ion
Mi. BCJllAN'VN piote>ted against this war
bf'vveeu O la «¿re and New Jersey. While they
are disou ing on po'nt-, of honor, PhiUdelph'a is
left entnety undefined. Tneq-estun is, whet er
they hall go en with this paltiy war, or Pmladel-
phia te pre eeted. Whai is the propiswon of the
Seeie'?rv of Wat? Is there a>n ibing in it 'hai the
most ta-Mdious «fckle for points ot hoaor need
cavil at? What signifies this Sim of $30 000, or
whe her it be too much or too 1 tile, 1 ¡ companion
wiiii tie ¡mpo-tanoe of protecting Pmladelphia?
If ne hid had half the perseverance ot his friend
th" Seciioi 'rom Arkansas, h  would have s uck
in this c'aim on every appropriation bill ot ihe last
seven yeirs.
Mr BAYARD replicated—urging that Philadel-
phia h->d the protection of FortMifHu , of thenewly-
consiructed steamship badenes, and there would
soon be ihe new plan of protecting harbors by sub-
marine batteries. Philadelphia need not be afraid
that, if any necessity an«e for protecting her more
efficiently, she will be n^glec ed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON elucidated the subject, by
a recapitulation of tne history of the contest, as to
the t'tle and jurisdiction
Mr MILLER enumerated many reasons why
the United Sa'es should submit to a fair arbitra-
tion, as intended, for the adjustment of a just claim
of property The title was first to be settled, and
then the damages assessed; but not till the title
was quieted.
Mr. CLAYTON predicated Ihe right of Dela-
ware on the original grant from the Duke of York
He po.nted out to the Senator from New J.r-ey
his misconception of the real question at issue
Mr C\LHOUJNT agreed wrh the Síi ator from
Delaware, <hal this was no time te take up a sub-
ject . f such difficulty.
The yeas and nays were then called for and or-
dered.
The question on the adoption of the amendment
was then taken, and resulted m the negauve—yeas
7, nays 27.
Mr SEVIER submitted an amendment, appro-
priating #10 000 for continuing the works of Fort
Towson, ¿10 000 tor Fori Smuh, and §20 000 for
Fort Gibson If gentlemen were willing to say the
Western frontier should not be protected, let them
sav «o.    He called for the yeas and nays.
Mr EVANS hoped the Senator would not re-
quire the yeas and nayc; he was not opposed to
the amendment. Those sums were small, and he
was sure were necessary. He hoped they would
be gianted.
Mr PRESTON asked if tha department con-
curred m the necessity,
Messrs LINN and SEVIER explained.
Mi. SEVIER withdrew his call for the yeas and
nays.
The amendment was adopted.
The bid was reported back to the Senate; and
the question being on concurring with the amend-
ment ,
Mr. KINCS inquired on what principle this selec-
tion of particular forts was made. It appeared
that the list of the ongmal bill was confined to four
of ihe N >rthern States He wished to know why
the selection was thus made, and upon what
grounds the specific 'inns were designated.
Mr. FVAN3 sa-d the estimate oí Ihe depart-
ment was to the amount of one million of dollars
Congress had cut it down to a quarter of the sum,
and had sfl c<;d those forts which would suffer
most by delaying the appropriations. He hoped
the bill wmld be allowed to pass, as theie was no
h pe of being able to carry iue whole amount of
ap> lupnauens.
Toe b il Ras then ordered lo be engro sed for a
third reading.
Th" bill tor carrying into effect the treaty with
the Wiandot lid ans carne un, and was read a
third time, and, tiie questi n ben g on us pas ?ge,
Mr. SEVIER h>p. d h< f'.end from Mame
would fi'low his armr>dm nt in Ihe* D lion case to
be pot m; it C'iu'd he dur,a b, general cut sent.
Mr EVANS had no ( oj mop, it his fiiand
from Arkansas «as j,II ng to run ihe risk of lis
berg passe'! hv ihe Hots".
Mr SEVIER s ¡id he would bow to the decision
of i lie House
Th' amendment, by general consent, was made.
Mr. PRESTON asked a like favor in reia ion to
a necessity w neb bad just ai'sen. H1 order  nod
by the messenger who bad j ist re urned fn -,i Mex-
ico, that it was ascertained that tne r-!ea>erpent
and return h me of 'he St tía Fe prrs nets b id cost
a sum wh'c . probably it iivght r-qu re ¿5,000 to
covrr. He did not mow h >w fai action coutd be
taken en so loose an esiima'e. But he I'm uant
there could be no imp'opnetj iu making the appio-
puation in this manner
Mr. KIN Or .suggested that i' m ght be doae la
the House when the bill gees there; and some defi-
nite estímate might be had from (he department.
Mr EVA NS approved of the suggestion made
by th  Senator from Alabama
Mr PRESTON would prefer that the matter
might be a< ted upon now
Mr. WOODBURY said he felt ra her squeam-
ish as to admitting the principle of making loose
appropriations m this way.
Air. PRESTON particularized the grrunds of his
estimate, that g5,000 %ou[d cover the expense?.
Mr. WALKER hoped the expenditures on the
same acsount of the late mirus'er of the United
S aies at Mexico would also be included. While
the public press was teeming with calumny against
that oflcer, he was expending his own means daily
in mitigating ihe sufferings cf those persons, until
he had actually given out of his own pocket
#1,000
Mr PRESTON said that the sum might be
made #6 000, and the words "legat op of ihe United
Srates at Mex co" substituted for "minister at
Mexico
Mr. TAPPAN said he was opposed to the whole
thing.
The amendment was then valed; ?nd the CHAIR
observed that, objection being- made, the question
would recur on the passage of the bill.
The bill was then pasted.
Mr. PRESTON said he was entirely mistaken
about the bill. He und-rstood that, although the
Senator from Ohio was opposed to the principle, he
did not interpose his veto.
Alter some conversation on the subject, the vote
by which the bill was parsed was reconsidered,
and
Mr. TAPPAN withdrew his objec'ion.
Tne bill was ihen passed.
Tae forlification appropriation bill was also
passed
On motion of Mr KING, the bill for the relief
of Hegh Stewart was taken up as in committee of
the whole.
Messrs FULTON, WHITE, and ARCHER
defended the claim; and Messrs CALHOUN,
BAYARD, and BATES opposed it.
Mr. BAYARD moved te amend the bill, by re-
ducing the claim from $G,662 25, to gl,000,
and demanded the yeas and nays on tne amend-
ment, which were ordered; and the qaes'ion being
put. it was decided in the negative—yeas 16, nays
16
Mr CALHOUN moved to lay the bill on the
table; and the quesiion bring pa', it was deter-
mined in the affirmative—ayes lb, m es 13.
Mr. WALKER submi'ted !he following resolu-
tion, 'vhich was reíd, and agreed lo.
Resohed, Thattli0 Secretary of Wai be ms'iucted to com-
munic ue t) itie -*e¡ ate, at ihe toiu in ¡loemeni o the next ses-
sion of CoiltiiLS-, a s atemetu lx i inn' he it mil ol the ob-
stt uetions m the b<jvnti M nchac, fttitn, at d hy whoje au hor-
ny, an 1 for wlnl purpose ami ob lacu mivisti'3 e anil what
wou d be the co-it ol removing the same, in opunog the said
b-iyoa loi navig uion,
Mr PRESTON, from the C immittee on Mili-
tary Affair , repor ed back, wi hou' amendment, the
bill trom the House concern tig Ihe c'airns of the
Florida mm if; which, on uv t on of Mr. P., was
taken up, and considered as in cxrmi lee of the
woo e, and it finally pas-eiflhs Senate
THE DISFRANCHISEMENT BILL.
Mr BERRIES, from the crmm ttee of confer-
ence on ihe di agreeing volts rxtween ti e two
Houses, on the bill rtgulaunsr the matmei of ta-
king testimony in cases of ci n'es ed t If ctir n, and
for oihf r parpo es, reporttd that 1 >e eonterees nad
agiell u ion, and rer ommended to the r respective
H'uses, i) hen of the first a'i endne ,t of the Sen-
ate to tl e b 11, the ¡"dop ion of the following :
A/id pi oxidetl fdtthn, That no'hu tr n the preceding pro-
viso oi ln3=t-i !on,iiüi in thi1 s-t co 11 st en m of the act tnuem
lo el led to s-ht't he nek! toextei, I to the e tcutin ot anv peisou
wh isii Ut b^ch isui iKepiesentalivejtt J e-b ti Conauss n -iny
Si iteheietifoieelecilniilooie than one Rqnescnliuve in whit h,
bv the livis of Mini --tie, tm elect m lor Repicspn uives to
Cn^iess 1  now lequileilto he madb by ill I 1 ticUl, ant
\vt ^it ihe 11 z s| it ir< oí s ic i s-!d e l,^ m,t b himm -,* matter
the pass i s of tht actentitjed ''Ariactíoi t¡ appoui inn ent rf
Repustntaiivee amone Ihe seveial -> a es, aiuudn  m ine
s ¿ah census " jppinveii 25'a Jant, ls,J; i,' s|,d | ,,; l^ be-
fóle th tiaie now niesui it-1 toi hoPm -ndien mi ink i
tlie Governor if mv such s, ii sh It Itio'i I. unit a,>- mi'el
b\ 'a,v foi liOid a¿ feileb ^te i. aa te en, _\ n jri  .Ian   i'n 3r
