CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
arid the committee rose and reported the bill to the
House.
Mr WISE moved the previous question, which
was sustained by the House; and the amendments
of the committee were concurred in. The bill was
then ordered to be crgn s*rd
Mr. C JOHNSON called for the yeas and rays
on the pas age of the bill, and they were ordered,
and resulted as follow*—yeas 117, nays 35.
THE TARIFF.
A message was received from the President of
the Uni ed Stales, announcing that he had approved
pnd signed a variety of bill —amongst which was
the bill to collect duty on import?, &c.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee of
Ways and Mean-*, to whom was retried the mes-
sage of tie President concerning the duties on the
cargoes ot the Spanish vessels Maria and Lancero,
made a report, whicn was ordeied to be laid on the
tab e, and pnn ed
Mr HOPKIN9, f-ora the Committee oh the
Pos Office and P. at Roads, reported Senate bill for
the relief ot J )hn W Slit 1 more, without amend
ment; and it vas commuted to the Committee oí
the Whole H use
Mr HOPKINS reported, from the «ame commit-
tee, the Senate resoluticn to authorize the PosCnas.-
ter General to «settle the iceounts of Patton, Pil-
cher, & Co ; and it was read a third time, and
passed
Mr. HOPKINS, fr< m the same o mmittee, re-
poned a resolution for the relief of Benjamin Ogle
Taylte; which was read a fi si and s.cond time,
and commuted to the Committee ef the Whole
on the s aie < t the Union.
Mr CUSHIlNGr, from the «elect committep to
which were rt fe red, on ¡he 21st of March last,
resolutions proposing amendments to the Con titu
tion of ti e United S ates, made a report, which he
moved to la   on the table.
Mr ON jERWOOD, from the same committee,
made a minority report
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported, without a<rend
ment, Senate bill granting a pension to Pamela
Allen, widow of Samuel Allen, a soldier of the
Revolution, accompanied wuh a recommendation
that the bill do not p?ss.
Mr. HALL, (for Mr Bbiggs,) from the Com
mit'ee on the P st Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill to ¡educe the postape on letter1, to fix the
s?me in decimal currency, to regulate the postage
on newspdeeis, and to abohsh tne flanking pnvi
lege, which wrs lead twice, and cununited to the
Committee of tne Whole House on thesta'e of ihe
Union
Mr GREEN, from the Commiltee on Public
Expenditure*, made a report in ■ elation to Charles
J  Catlett, whu n Wis ordeied to be en the iable
Mr RAYNER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to wnich was refern d the presentment of
the grand jury of Monroe county, in Florida, rec
ommend  g the erection of a manr e hospital, made
a report thereon, fccompanied by a bill to provi e
for 'he erection of ■> marine hospital at Key West,
m the Temtory of Florida; which was read twice,
and committed to the Corami'tee of the Whole
House
Mr YOUNG, from tbe Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an unfavorable report on tae case
of Darius Hawkins.
On the motion of Mr. W B CAMPBELL, the
Committee on Military Affairs was discharged
from ire cin^iderati n of the petition of Charles
Madis
Mr CAVE JOHNSON asked leave to intro-
duce a jo nt resolution suspending ihe operation
of an act oí Congress in b hilt of Bartholomew
Pe'lenn, or his assigns, passed dating the present
session of C< ngre s
Mr J. stated ihat he act had pas ed some weeks
since, be apprehended, without a proper examina-
tion ( f the w-e in either Hou«e of Congress; thst
the piopi.ru, he was informed, was estimated at
more than ¿I00 000, that he had recently directed
Ins atten'ion to the subject, and he thought it be-
longed to that clau  o£ ca.es, of Spauisu claims
between the Perdido and Mississippi, which eman-
ated from Spanish cmcers, who held possession of
the country after the treaty of cession to the United
Slates in 1803, ard issued grants and o her evi-
dences of title, without and against the Spanish
law , and aeainst the laws of the United States.
Mr. ADAMS objected to the form in wh ch it
was presented; but expressed his willingness to
support it, if it assumed the shape of a till, instead
of a joint resolution; and argued at some length to
show the diffeience between the two modes of
proceeding, and the lmpropnety of adopting that
of a joint resolution
Mi J. expressed himself as willii g to adept the
mode wh ch the House might think the proper
one; either would answer—his purpose being to sus-
pend the law until the furiher action of the
Hoa-e could be had upon the subject                    *
The bt'l wa  ihen read as follows-
Bf it pnacled <5e,That the act of Congiess appioved the
8th July, 1812, entitle! "An act author zing a patent to he
issued tj liaithoomew Fetfenn his hens or a signees," and
all pioceedmss in thi. tin 1 < (fice un 'ei said act, 01 by value
theteot, he, and the «ame ate tttiehy suspended, until the fur
diet ordei of Congress m relation to the same
bEc 2 Audbr it fmth i entitled rliat the Secretary of the
Treasuty of the IT it d States he anil he is heteby, thrtcted to
investigate the afuesaid claim, and leport hit. opinion, with
the tacts, to the next session of Congress
Mr MOORE, the chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims, objecie 1 to the second read-
ing of the bill, and argued at some length to show
the pn priety ard justice of the claim, and that it
had been fully considered by the Commit ee on
Private Lan I C aims, and he read ihe ac ol 1819 to
show that tbe claim had been confirmed at that
lime.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON said he was aware that
tbe chairmam ot thí c ¡montee differed with him
who ly in re'a ion to ihis (lass of claims     He un
ders ood  the gentlorrun to n amia n ihe validity
of ¿II the giants is ued by the Span sh  officers be
tween 1803 and 1812,  in  the  disti c'  belnten the
M.ssissippi  and   the P.rdido, where ihey ha i f os
session  during  that  time   notwi h< anrimg it had
boon cnded to the United S"i es in 1803, but tne
United  States alwajs claimed tie oossession, and,
by the act of 1805, declared all grants, ord«>s of
survey, or other  evidences of title issued  by the
Spanish offieers after it e 1st of October, 1800, (ihe
dale of the cessi m to France,) io he ab<ol itely void;
and had uniformly acied upon ilns principle
The clai o of Pellerm was alleged to be found
ed upon a British grant said io have been losi, and
upen a petition to a Spanish tin er in 1809 or
1810, ihe claim uas c< rifirmnl, ai d the Ipnd or-
dered to hesurv >ed Tie claimant pipspnlcd his
papers to the commis.ioner (Crawft rd) in 1816,
and he recommended itsc nfirmat on toi a "reason-
able qtiantiu," aid he b lieved a certificate for
640 acres hail s ued as a settlement rigot. By
tne act of 1819 the claimant had been pllowed
1 280 acres, and a pale't issued for the same.
After this period, he understood Mr Livin ston
had become interested in ihes° claims, aid, as
Secretar, of State, had recommended the corfiima-
tion oí a large number of claim  of ibis class-,
amounting So about 600,000 acres, wi ie|) had been
refeired to the Committee on Public Lands, and
upon which Mr Wickliffe had >nade a íeport m
opposition to the c aims. Tne argument ot the re-
port was conclusive ag<itn t the claims, and he rec-
ommended gentlemen to exam ne mat rep* rt be-
fore this class ef claims was emfirrmd He was
fuither induced lo urge the passage of th's bill, be-
cause he was informed that a membet of the other
branch of the Legislilaie was now the claimant to
this property, and, nihiut intending to impu'e
anything unfan to the Sena'or, or lo any member
of the Commit'ee on Pnv.i e Land C aims, he
thought it due to the public that ih s claim, mvolv
mg such a large amount of property, should not
be permitted to pass without a further examina-
tion. He therefore proposed to tspend its opeia-
tion, and to diiect an exam nation and report to be
maoe by the Secretary e f t íe T easury
Mi. UNDEHWOOD moved ihe previous ques-
tion, v inch «as sreo  ded,  «"fld he main  question
was mi', and the bill passed
Arid on. mo io.i of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the
joint rule of ihe two Houses was suspended in ref-
erence thereto.
On motion of Mr FILLMORE, Ihe forliBcation
bill, which had besn returned, wuh amendi, ents,
from the Senate, wa  taken up, and referred to tbe
Committee of the Wnole on the state of the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to suspend the
rules, for ihe purpose of submitting a motion to go
into Committee of the Whole House; which mo-
tion was disagreed lo.
Mr. BOTTS called for the reading of the mes-
sage to day received from the President.
Objection ;vas made,
Mr BOTTS moved to suspend the ru'es, for the
consideration of the me'sage
After some conversati >n on priority of business,
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Botts, and the vote stood. Ayes 58, noes 23—-no
quorum
Mr. THOMPSON moved a call of the House.
The question was Uken by te'lers, and he vote
stood. Ayes 39, noes 77—[no quorum voting ]
But ihe House refused to order a call
Alter some conversation on the point of order__
Th- SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced that 105 membeis were pre ent; [no quo-
rum ]
Mr. TRIPLETT meved that there be a call of
the Houss, which motion was agreed to.
And the roll hqving been called, 132 members
answered t i their nam< s
And the names of the absentees having been
tailed, 14 L members appeand to be present.
The dot rs ot the ball were closed.
Mr UNDERWOOD moved a suspension of pro-
ceedings c n ihe ca'l.
Mr WloE called ft r a count He said that
thorgh the re II showed 141 members as present,
there vías not now a quorum in the hall for mem-
bers had ¡eft i' as <o n as thev had veiled
And on the motion of Mr Undf «wood, the vote
stood: Aves 50, noes 40—o al 90, [no quorum ]
Showing that 51 it embers had vanished since an-
swering to their names
Excuses were then received for some time, after
which, all further proceedings were dispensed with. \
THE PROTEST.
The question recuinng on Ihe moiionofMr. \
Botts, it was agreed to, anu the rules being, ac- \
cordingly, suspended tor the purpose—
The SPEAKER laid betere ¡be House the mes-
sage, in wrung, from the President of ihe United
S ates, which was published m the Globe of yester-
day.
The realmg of the mes age having been con-
clu leel—
Mi B0TT8 obtained the floor, but yielded it at
the request of
Mr ADAMS, who a«ked it but for a ,i inute or
ts o He «aid there siemed to le an t xpte tan n
on the pari of some gent!, men that h- <htmid pro
pose to the House some mepsure sunjble to be
gdortedon the present oerasi n Mr A l-nou of
no reason for such an expec ation, but tne fact that
he haA been th  move! of the resolut on for the ap-
pointment t f the ccmmitte- wheh pad made the
report re erred to in tre me s ge, had been ap-
pointed by the Speaker chairman i f ihe committee;
and that ihe r< port agait.st whit h the President of
ihe United Slates had sent to ihe House soeh a
multitude of protes,s, was written by him. So far
?s it had been so written, Mr. A he d himself íe-
sponsible to th" Hi use, to th  country, to U e \vorld,
and to posterity; and sotaras levas the audior
of the rep rt, he held h mse!f re po'sible to the
Piesident, bo Tbt Pre si lent sü0U c[ tear from
him eise" here than hcie on thrt sul ject. [St me
laughter, ai d ones e f 'Hear tba ' Vt ill be fight
hiui?    No dueNirg"']
M'. A went on to say that it vas becau-e the
report had been adopted by the Heu e, and not
because it had been writien by him, that the Presi-
dent had sent such a bundle of proles«, and iherc-
íco-o ¡yrr A felt no neees-ity or otli'a'i n upon
huiseli to propose what measures il e House t ught
to adopt for the vmd cation of its <mn c1 ~i i v ?nd
.loror, end peihap , fiom co i ide a as of delica-
cy, he «as indeed the very last man 11 the House
