CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
Gwm, Hains Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Hubard, William W      .
Irwin, Cave Johnson,   Tohn W   Tones   Abraham McClellan,      '
McKay, Maliory, Medill, Newhard, Oliver, Paimenter, Payne,
Promt, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogéis, tehaw, Shields,
William Smith, Steemod, Jacob Thompson, Ward,  Wcller,
James W Williams, Wise, and Wood—53
So the third resolution was adopted.
The question recurring on the fourth resolution,
which is in the following word :
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be directed tn return
the message and protest to its authoi
Mr BOTTd said some of his friends had ex-
pre t>ed a desire that he should withdraw this reso-
lution. He did not know whether it was in his
power to d > co
The SPEAKER said, only by general consent.
Mr WlbE objec'ed
Mr BOTfS said, very well. For his own part,
he preferred this resoluuon to all the others.
[Pever< l voices, "So do í "J
Mr. ADAMS asked to be excused from voting,
on considerations of persmai delicacy, both a1- re-
spected the Pres'oent ot the United States and him-
self.    [La"ghter ]
But the House would not excuse him
Mr. WISE asked lo be excused from voting; not
that he had any personal objection to voting, bat
he had great regard for the Clerk of the House, and
who might po<sibly fall into the hands of Jim Wil-
kins, the Pie^jdem's butler.    [Hearty laughter ]
[A voice, "Never mind, we'll lake care of him "J
Mr  WI'-E withdrew his motion.
The question on the said fourth resolution was
then taken, and the vole resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs í andad W Anihews, Arnold, Babcock,
Barton, litrdseye, Blair, Boardman, B udon, Botls, William II
Campbell, Thomas .1 Campbell, Caiulheis, Chittendi n, John
C (.lark, Cuwr-n, Cianston, Garrett Davis, John CUvaidt,
Everett, A L Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Gieen, Hall, Ilowaid,
Hudson, John P Kennedy, King, Lmn, McKennan, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Maynard, Mitchell, Muuuw, Osborne, Owol y,
Powell, Riyncr Ridgway, James M Ruseel!, Saltonstall, Sim
onton, Slade, Tinman ¡smith, Spngg Manly, Stratton, Sum
meis, John B Thompson, Kichaid W Thompson, Tillmg-
hast, Tol md, Tnplelt, Tiumbull Undeiwood, Wal'ace, Wai
ren, Washington, Edwatd D White. Joseph L Williams,
Yorke, and Augustus Young—62
NAY-i—Me&si^ Airmgton, Atherton, Black, Boyd Aaron V
Blown, Burke, William O Butler,Patnck C Caldwell, John
Campbell, Cary, Casey, Coles, Maik A Cooper, Cros^, Cush
ing, Daniel, Richard 1> Davis, Dawson John C Edwards,
John G Floyd, William O Gonde, Gordon, Graham, Gwin,
Habeisham, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins Hubard,
Hunter, William W Irwin, Cave Johnson, John W Jones,
Isaac D Jones Abraham McClellan, McKay, Maliory, Mat
tocks. Maxwell, Medul, ©liver, Parmentei, Payne, Promt,
Ramsey, Randolph, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs,
Rodney, Ro„ei&, William Russell, Shaw, Shepperd, Shield ,
William Smith, Steenrod, Jacob Thompson, Van Buren, Ward,
Weller, James W Williams, Wibe, and Wood—69.
So the fourih resolution w«s rejected.
A motu n to reconsider as to the three first reso-
lutions was mide by Mr. J. C. CLARK
Mr HOLMES moved to lay that motion on the
table: rejected
The vote was not reconsidered.
Mr SUMMERS, on leave given, offered ihe fol-
lowing resolution, ivnich was adopted.
Resolved, That, in adopting the resolutions, at the present
session, h\ii g the nuinbci oí abstain clei ks and ihe numbei of
messenger attached to the Cleik'^ office it wis not intended
by the House to indicate the íemoval of any particular cleiks
or messeigeis, by whatevei authority oi sanction they may
have hoielofore been employed, but to leave the reduction to
he effected at ihe discretion of the < lerk of the Hout-e, by such
dVeontmnances as may be made with the least inconvenience
to he public sei vice
Ihe SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munifation ¡rom tne Clerk (hereof, asking an order
that ihe t«o clerks and one of the me senge's, here-
tofore ordered to be dismissed, shouid be continued
till further inler, the condition of tne public busi-
ness requiring it.
Mr McKENNAN moved that the Clerk be au-
thorized to retam .he said two cleiks and messen-
ger until ihe next sessic n ot Congress, and he
moved ihe previous question.
Afier some conversados—
The previous question was seconded, the mam
que-twn was ordered, and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the committee of con
ference on the part of this House on the subject of
the disagreeing vot'S of the 'wo Houses on the bill
to regulate the taking of testimony in cases of con-
tested election, made a repoit to the following ef-
fect:
" That the conferees had agiccdupon, inl reenmmen ted to
then lesppctive Houses, m lieu of the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill, the ucopuon of the loilowing
"And provided furtiier, That nothing in the preceding pro-
viso of tins section nor in the second section of the act therein
tefencd to, shall be held to extend to the election of any person
who shall be chosen a Representative in the 28th Congiess m
any State heretofore electing more than one Repiesematlve, m
which, by the laws of such State, the election for Ilepiesenta
tivesto Congress is now required to be made by general ticket,
and where the Legislature of such State has not been in session
after the passing of the act tmilled 'An act for the appoition
ment of Representatives among the several btates, according to
the sixth census,' approved 25th June, 1842 and shall not dp be-
foie the time now prescribed for holding such election, unless
the Governor of any such State shall, before the time appointed
by law fot holding such election therein, by his proclamation, or
othei wise, postpone the same until after the next meeting of
the Legislarme thereof.
''They also recommend that the Senate recede fiom its sec-
ond amendment, and that the words 'to show,' in tne iblh
line, be stricken out, and the words ' as competent evidence for
the purpose of showing,' be inserted in lieu thereof."
Mr. FILLMORE briefly explained the report,
and moved the previous question; but withdrew it,
on pledge of renewal, at the request of
Mr BOTTS, who mad- two or three remarks,
or ii qu'ries, amidst a good deal t f confusion.
Afier some turther exp'anations on the part of
Messrs. FILLMORE, BOTTS, and HABER-
SHAM,
The demand fer the previous question was re
newed.
Some further remarks were made by Messrs.
BOITSand FILLMORE.
Mr. ATHERTON íequesled ihe gentleman fiom
New York [Mr Fillmore] to withdraw hi  mo-
tion for the previous question, as this was a mat-
ter which conrerned the State which he (Mr. A )
in part represented; and he had several times at
tempted to pet the floor on the subject, but had
been uniformly prevented He only denied to
say a very few words
Mr. FÍLL'.lORE deel ned withdrawing Ihe mo-
tion
Mr. ATHERTON said he 'upposed this * as
because h" repiesented what the gentleman from
New York piobably considered a "contumacious
81016," to use his own expiession.
Mr. PROFFIT moved lo lay the whole subject
on the table; which was negatived.
Mr. ATHERTON asked the <eas and nays
(which were ordered) on the first division of the
report, in the words following:
"Andprovided, furlh&i, That nothing in the preceding pro
viso of this section, nor m the second section of the act therein
refened to, shall be held to extend to the election of any per
son who shall be chosen a lieprcsentative in the 2&lh Congress,
in any State heiefolt le electn g moie than one Repiesentalive,
m which by tho laws ofeuch State thetlection foi Reprtsent
atlves to Congress is now requn ed to be made by genei at ticket,
and where the Legislatm e of such State has not been m session
aftei ihe |i issiint of the ict entitled An act for the a¡ portion
mentolRcpitsentatives among the sevei it states, acconl ng to
the sixth ccnsiib,' approved JGch June, 1812, and shall not be be
toie the time now pie cribtd foi holding such eb ction, unices
the Governor oi tnysuch St tie shall, befoie the nine a\ pointed
by law foi holding such election theiein, by Ins proclain ttion,
oi o'herwise po&tpone the same until a'ua the next meeting
uf the Legislatme theieof "
And 'he vote siool—yeas 83, na>s 52.
Mr ATHRRTOV moveu to lay the whole sub-
ject in the table, and called for the yeas and nays
tl.erton, whicn were ordered.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved an adjournment.
The motion v. as negatived.
The vote was then taken on Mr Athekton's
motion to lay the wnole subject on the table, which
rtsu ted as to iow«- 3eas 51, nays 80
The other portion was agreed to without a di-
visn n
ÍVr FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself imo Commit ee of the Whole on several
appropriation bills wh>ch had been sent from the
S-nati
Mr. UNDERWOOD desired the House to go
into committee on several District bills; and, for
the purpose rf aeon,' upt n all together, he moved
to dischatge the Coiiimi ee of ihe Whole Hou e
from those bills, that they m ght be ccmmit'ed to
the Committee ot the Wnole on the slate of the
Union.
Votes were taken; and it was found that a quo-
rum was not present.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was satisfied, if th<>se
bills were not acted upon to night, they wouid be
lost
An adjournment was lepeatedly moved and neg-
atived, and votes ukt-n in vatuus lorms to lacl.-
tate .be d-s| itch of b.iMruss, I tit, at length, a call
ot the House was resorted to.
The Clerk cal'ed the roll, and 105 were found
to be presen!. The absentees were called, and 109
were found to be in attendance.
Mr. HALL moved an adjournment.
Mr. ADAMS gave nonce that to-morrow he
shouid m >ve a call of the House.
The House then adjourned, at half-past six
o'clock.
IN SENATE
Wednesday, August 31, 1842
On motion of Mr BAYARD, the 17th jomt rule
was so far suspended as lo allow  the act to reor-
ganize the Navy Department to be transmitted to
the President for bis signature.
on motion, the Commit ees on Public Lands,
Roads and Canals, District of Columbia, Pe sions,
and Indian affairs, were severally discharged from
the cons'deration of all subjects before ihetn which
had not been acted upon
On motn n of Mi. WHITE, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, for the purpose of ta-
king up House bill for the relief of Hugh Stewart;
when said bill was considered as in committee of
ihe whole, repor.ed to ihe Senate, read ihe third
time, and  passed.
Mr EVANS moved to take up the House bill
to piohibit the sale of sti ck authorized by the loan
bill, at less than par; and to prov'de for thi use of
treasury notes in Ii u of a portion of the loan
The bill was accordingly taken up, as in com-
mittee of the whole, for consideration
Mr. EVANS said he had no amendment to pro-
pose.    He hoped, ind ed, rone would b< ci nsidcr-
cd necessary     The bill was explicit, and "poke for
itself.    The first  proposition is, thai no siork au-
thorised by the loan shall be sold at less than par.
The next   is, that  if the  Ireasurv cannot obiain
money for pressing exigrncies by tie sale of sto<k
at par, an issue of  treasury no'es, not exceed ng
six millions may be made, in lieu of <o much of
Ihe authorized loan.    It was with  no Ir'le reluc-
tance he had bn u£ht him elf to the conclus,on of
voting for  the  bill.    He was, however, in some
measure reconciled to it, under strong hopes that
there would be no necessity for issuing anything
like this amount of treasury notes.   But still, as
some  doubts   were   entertained whether,   be'ore
Congress   meets   again,  a  sufficient   amount of
the loan can  be n'gotiated  to meet the exigen-
cies of the  Government, without submitting  to
a discreditable discount,  and  as it is very well
known the treasury siands m need of in immedi-
ate supply of means lo meet  its demand ,  he had
been induced to consent lo tnis  ternporan   expedi-
ent, as the < n y practicable mode, at  tlis late  pe-
riod of   thestssion, to  extricate  the  Government
from its emba raiments.    He  tru 'e I ihese  em-
bariassmen s wcu'd prove to be merelt tuiiperary,
and ihai thtie would be no  nice'sin f< r lesorting
to this expedient; foi,though geniralU urged as a
temporary   resort,  this  treasuiy-no'e  sysum hid
shown, by expenence, that it was  anything  but
tempoiary in its tperation.    The amount of treas-
ury notes already outstanding is nine millions of
dollars, and if to ibis amount be at ded 'hese six
millions, the whole will be lifieetiminiui schargea-
ble on the treasury out of the receipts of ihe n< xt
year    Now, he woul i ask, did anyb ty imfgme
the income of ihe tieasurj would  be sufficient to
bear the expenditures of the  Government for the
y¿ai,andat the same lime pay on the'-e hiietn mil-
lions for tie.tsuiy no   s?    It, tontifciy to his expec-
tation, the Govtrnment slit uld be ou.iged lo   issue
these six m.ll'ons a* tieasurj   notes,   n all  human
probability, before ihe yi-ai goes round, t c   tvhee
will have to  b- funded, and   thus  thty   will  uiti-
m^tcly, ltuteao ot beng a teirpuary otbt,  become
just as much a fundid (tbt ao if tiic-y   were   origi-
nally ccitifii a'es of s ock
He '«as ieady to admit that, although this was
a condition of things which ail must for  ■?? and
lamtnt, there was an appjrei t unavt idabl  nere--
suy for leaving the Government wuh this means
of obviating embarrassment . He shtuhl vole
for the mil, under these ei'eums arces. Si ould
these treasury notes be issued, p was csy to s-e,
however, that at no distant < <-•, 'h v \ i id i le
to be ionded—oi, whatiou ¿le u.c r^me thing,
