976
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
money would have to be borrowed to redeem them.
Tais wonld be a depl «able continuation of tnat
system which he and his friends had so long op
posed, and which they so ardently hoped would
be abandoned by this Government. He need
hardly say that it would be gratify ms to him to
And that ihe necessity would be obviated of resort-
ing to this, expedient.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported back 10 the Senate, and Ihe question being
on ordering it to be read a tb rd lime,
Mr. CLAYTON called for the yeas and nays
The CHAIR put the question, "Shall this bill be
read a third lime?"
But a sufficient number not rising to support.the
call,
Mr. CLAYTON observed—"If gentlemen are
ashamed to record their names"—
Here there was an interruption before the sen-
tence was closed, by the announcement cf a mes-
sage from the House of Representatives, to the ef-
fect that ihe House had agreed to the joint resolu-
tion of the Sinate, suspending the 17ih rule, with
an amendment extending the benefits of the sus-
pension to all bills passed before one o'clock to-
day
On motion, the amendment of the House to the
joint resjlution .was concurred in
The consideration of the treasury-note bill was
then resumed^
Mr. CRDTTENDEN remarked that there was
one part c/ the bill to which he «aw no objection—
that profiting the sale of stock at less than par.
\Bui he *as not at all sau>fieJ with that part rela-
ting tor a freih issue of treasury notes The pro-
pWt/ of a turther issue of treasury notes was
wrhft he doubted. No one could tell where this
system was to end, if there was not some stopping
point. It was a dangerous, because a seductive
system. It is an ca y and tempting mode of sup-
plying resources on every emergency; but even
when it appears most temporary, n > one knows
when it is to end. Now, in order to test the sense
of the Senate on tb. s subject, he would suggest to
the chairman of the Finance Committee a motion
to strike out all that part relating to treasury notes,
leaving the part relating to the prohibition of the
sale of stock as it stood in the bill.
Mr. EVANS observed that the prohibition in the
first part of ihe bi 1 was the tounda'ion of the ne-
cessity for the second part, authorizing the issue of
treasury notes There was no money in the treaj.-
ury, and there might bp some embarrassment
arising out of pressing demands before a sufficient
supply came in from the ordinary sources of in-
come. Th re was no alternative to supply present
means, but by the sale of certificates of stock, or
the issue of treasury notes. If the sale of slock
at the price of the market, should i> be under par,
were proh bited, ihe other aliernative, of treasury
note , could tu t be «voided
Mr CRITTENDEN replied, that if so much of
the bill as related to the issue of treasury notes
was stricken oui, he would propose to make «orne
modification of ihe restriction as to the sale of the
stock at par He certainly thought some restric-
tion, to very near par, necessary, but probably a
slight modification would obviate the necessity of
issuing treasury notes. He thought the Adminis-
tration should cettainly be restricted fiom dispos-
ing of the s ock at a rale of discount discreditable
to ihe Government. He would not leave it in the
power of the Administration to sell the stock at
any price varying much from par. He would
leave it to the charman < f the Finance Committee
himself to prescribe the limitation.
Mr. EVANS said he would not now enter into a
discuss on on mat era that had been so fully and so
ably debaied when the loan bill llsslf wa« before
the Senate. It was after mature consideration,
aided by all the arguments adduced sn the subjpet,
agreed to shape the- lean bill as it now exists
Under its sanction, a gentleman is now in Eure pe
erdeavonng to effect a. portion of the loan Per-
haps it was- not yet known whplher he h^d made
any engagements On. ihe wno'c, h  brieve 1 Ihe
best thing that c uld be done was to pass the bill
as it came from the House.
Mr. WOODBURY observed, that, from the pres-
ent asp ct oí the money-market, it w s very cer-
tain no loan would be effected under the restrict n
proposed m this bi 1, relating to the loan heretofore
authorized. If ihe restriction was necessary as a
resiramt on the Administration, it should have
been incorporated in the loan bill itself If there
was no restriction, money might be had on ihe
loan at2i per cent discount, and the question then
would be, whether it should be taken at that rate,
or treasury notes should be issued Now, the
difference between treasury-notes and the loan is
thi« if the money i« rai>.e 1 by oan, it must be at
the rate of the market, and permanently for a num-
ber of year ; if by treasury notes, it is in the
power of Congress to chose its own time for either
paying theai off, or turning them into a loan—and
that, under an improved condition of things
Mr. CRITTENDEN saw no difference between
raising money now, on a permanent loan, ard on
treasury-notes to be funded hereifter, or paid rff
With borrowed money. It made no sort of dif-
ference, as the same discount wosld have to be
paid one way as the other Where is (he money
to be got to redeem these treasury notes, but by
loan in the same ir arket, ana the same way as no ?
This system of treasury notes, he objected to as a
dangerous and seductive expediency; it is so easy,
c nvenient, and mrpoung, thai it is used to an extent
which,in theend, becomes exceedingly dangerous. It
may be a piesent remedy, but it is sure to become a
permanent evil. He did not mean to dispu.e its
constitutionality or it  convenience; but what
he did dispute was its ultimate expediency. He
admitted lhat circumstances might even exist wh ch
would íetid r a resort to it, as an expedient, at
least excusable, but there should be a stnngne
cessity shown for it: and what he now doubted
was, that any such necessity existed. One gieat
evil was overlooked; it was the effect which might
be produced on the country by throwing such a
large amount of Government paper into circula-
tion. It may be asserted that, as the Government
will not issue these treasury notes, unless at par,
(although certificates of stock may be at a disccunt
of 2i per cent.,) the treasury notes will occasion no
loss to the country, and will keep up their par
value. But this was not true, for it was only with
respect to those paid by the Government in treasury
notes, that the par value would be preserved The
moment these treasury notes got into circulation
among the community, they would p<>ss at the
market value only, and it would not be in the
power of the Government to prevent their depre-
ciation Once they pas-s out of the hands of Gov-
ernment, they must go for whst they are worth
But supposp it is for money they are tssped- does
anyone suppose if certificates of stocit cannot be
sold at less than 2é per cent, discount, treasury
notes will sell at pat? They may be forced off in
payment of Government dues at par, but cannot
be f >rced vff for money at par.
He could not see any just reason for giving this
preference to treasury notes He apprehended there
would be no real difbrence found in the result. If
his suggestion, of striking out that p?rt of the bill
relative to treasury notes, was adopted, he would
have no objection lo the chanman of the Finance
Committee fixing the rate of discount to which the
sale of certificates of stock should be limited. This,
he was sure, could be adjusted, so as to enable the
Government to effect a loan upon as che?p terms,
and to obiam present relief, as well as by ihe issue
of treasury notes. It was all fallacious to suppose
a loss could be avoided by a mere change of the
form of obhgatnn. The real thing to be consid-
ered in t^e matter was the condition of the credit
of ihe Government. Tne rate at which money
can be ontained on either obligation depends on
the estimation in which the credii of the Govern-
ment is held by cipitahsts The cieditor wants to
see how he is to oe paid, and what is the state of
the treasury.
Mr. WOODBURY wat against a new issue of
tteasury notes, independent of tne loan, but as this
Was a pu position to «ubsiitu e an isslp of'o much
fi r an equal por ion of the U an, ?ml as u wps con-
sidered by iht Government nece sarv, unner exist-
ing circumsianc-s, hs wjs more favor^b e to it
thaa to t ie sacrifice of slock ¡o, the money-market.
The question appeared to him to be, whether Con-
gress was lo authorize the sale of certmcates of
stock at a discount ol 8 or 9 per cent, and not re-
deemable for e ght or nine years, or an issue of
treasury notes at 6 per cent,, and either payable
wnhm tbe year, or convertible into stock under
more favorable au«pices, when ihere may be no
discount to pay. The Senator from Kentucky
seemed to imagine that this might have the ef-
fect of increasing the debt, but it was only a
subs'itute of six millions of treasury notes for an
equal amount of the authorized loan, and would
have no more effect in enlp g'ng ihe t'ebt than the
sale of certificates of stock to lhat amount. The
Senator also says, very truly, that credit is credit;
and if money cannot be borrowed in one form at
less than 2 or 3 per cent, discount, it cannot in
another form. Now, this might be good theorv;
bat practice and experience had long since proved
that treasury notes oan and will be passed at par,
when certificates of stock cannot. Then, treasury
note* bear only six per cent m'erest; but if you
are compelled to sell stock at less than par, it will
be the same as if you piid a larger m'erest And
as to the belief of the Senator from Kentucky, that
these treasury no es may give nce to an increased
debt,—how can that happen, when the bill which
authorizes their issue, cuts off so much of the loan
which would otherwise be contracted It merely
supersedes six millions of the permanent loan—so
much treasury notes being substituted for so much
loan In a depressed s aie of the money market, it
is inexpedient to borrow mi ncy at an unnecessary
discount; and it is easier to get it for a day or year,
than for twenty years The great a('vant?gr ot
treasury notes is, that they can be used for a day
or a year; and while thej are in use they answer a
good purpose to the community—that of making
rsmittaneer. Another consideration is, that there
is a chance of better times, when a loan may be
effected on better terms than now. To force a loan
now, might cause a depreciation of 8 or 9 p r cent.;
to take it withou forcing, might reduce the rate to
2 or 3 per cent. If the revenue bnl becomes as
productive as its advocates anticipate, and proves as
salutary in lestonng the country to great prosperity,
there will certainly be a better chance of disposing
of the loan at par than now. But there is some-
thing more to be depended upon than the revenue
bill; and that is the sales of the public lands, if
they are properly advertised and brought into the
market. Let them be made productive, and your
loan will be effected at par.
Mr PRESTON <aid it seemed to him that, un-
der the loan bill as it now exists, the only h pe of
raiding money is at home; for in Europe, it ap-
peared, ihe credit of this country was in «uch bad
repute, that no advantageous terms could be made.
He understood there was capital enough m the
money market here to take up the loan, provided
it was not locked up by combination That such
a comb nation exists, may be some etcu e lor this
bill, as, without the alternative it affords to the
Government, the combina'ion may force the Ad-
ministration into any terms. As soon as the capi-
talists find the Government can resort to treasury
notes, thi-y will give up their combination, and thus
ihe Government will be extucated, probably with-
out issuing the treasury notes Although he should
never vote for a treasury-note bill, it appeared to
him that, circums'anced as the Government is, the
passing of this bill m,ght afford relief, though it
were to remain mopeialive otherw,se than as a
cheek aga.ns  the combinations of the capitalists.
Mr. CRITTENDEN now withdrew his motion;
and
The question recurring on ordering the bill to be
lead a third time, it was pu', and decided m the
affirmative—yeas 19, nays 9, as follows:
YEAS—"Messrs Bagby, Hates, Bayard, Berrien Choate,
C mad Cmhbert, Ev ins Tutlon King, Linn PI elf s Poner
Rive«, i.' ier, amith oflriduna, Tallinadge, Woodbury, and
\o inir -19
NAY'—Messrs Allen Benton, Chvton Oril'eriifen, Man-
gum, Pieston, lappan, White, and Wooc bilf'ge- 9
The bill was read the third t me, and passed.
On mo ion of Mr EV'NS, n wts
Resolved, 1 hat the 17ih joint rule of the two Houses be sus-
pended duung the present session
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the House bill
