CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BY BLAIR AND RIVES.
--------WEEKLY--------

PRICE $1  PER  SESSION

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 31,
1842.



Continued from No 61
for the relief of the heir of Major General  Baron
3De Kalb, deceased, wa¡> taken up as in committee
of the whole
Mr. PRESTON advocated the passage of the
bill; which he said had received the unanimous
approbation of the committee of the House which
reported it.
Mr. PHELPS remarked that ¡he Committee on
Eevolutionary Claims, though they did not make
a report against the bill, were opposed to its pas-
sage. They did not presume that, at this late hour
of the session, an effort would be made to pass it.
He was opposed to its passage.
Mr. BUCHANAN said it had been his good or
bad fortune to be present at the clo^e of many ses-
sions of Congress; and he would venture to assert
that if the catalogue of bad bills were presented to
the in pectionof the Senate, it would be found that
at least two-thirds of those which belonged to that
class would be found to have been passed withm
the last three days of each session. The bill wh eh
abolished the noble navy pension fund passed on
the last night of one session; and other bills of a
similar character passed in the same manner. He
had, therefore, felt it his duty to be present at the
clobing scene of each session of Congress, and to
protest against the passage of any bill, except its
justice and propriety were clear and manifest. At
any period of the session he would not vote for so
stale a claim as this, unless it were clearly shown
that the agent prosecuting the claim had a proper
title, or unless he knew that the benefit would
reach the pockets of those for whom it was intend-
ed. He therefore, under the circumstance", moved
to lay the bill on the table.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read and agreed to, viz.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed, with the
aid of our consular and commercial agents, to procure full and
accurate information as to the cost of all commodities imported
from foreign countries, at the places whence exported duung
the months of July, August, and Septembei, of the current year,
the rates of insurance freight, and commissions customary at
said places on said commodities imported into our principal
commercial cines, the modeB and terms of sales or commercial
exchange and the lates of wastes m the different occupations
and branchesof labor, communicating to the Senate, as soon as
practicable, all the above information, m fedeial currency,
■weights, and measuies
THE EXPUNGING RESOLUTIONS
Mr. BAYARD said he had a resolution to offer.
It was not his purpose to press action upon it now;
but merely to present it, and to let it lie on the
table till the next session. It was a resolution to
restore ihe journal of the Senate to what it was be-
fore the passage of the expunging resolutions. He
had been instructed by the Legislature of his State
to effect the object mteoded by the resolution. He
would have presented it sooner, but the Senate had
been so pressed with important business, at all
times, that a suitable opportunity had not been
offered him to have action on the resolution. He
did not wish to occupy the Senate with it, when
there was so much important business pendng.
Another reason which had induced him to d lay
any movement in the matter was, that one f f the
States (Tennessf e) was not represented here He
hoped at the next session that State would be re-
presented, when he would have an opportunity to
press the resolution. Trie resolution (which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed) was not
read. It was understood by the reporter to be of
the same form as that submitted by the same Sena-
tor at the last session.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator from Delaware
[Mr Bayard] had just submitted a resolution in
relation to the expunging resolution, which he
gave notice he would call up at the next session.
He (Mr. B ) wished to offer an amendment lo that
resolution, which he asked might be printed and
laid on the table, to be taken up when the resolu-
tion was.
Mr B then sent to the table the following,
which was read:
Strike out all aftei the woi d' Resolved" and insert'
"That the resolution expunging from the Senate journal the
sentence of condemnation pionounced against President Jack
son for removing the public deposite* from the Bank of the
United States, commonly called 'the Expunging Resolution,'
was an act done by the Senate in conformity to the will of the
people, authentically expressed in the popular elections, and
m the instructions from the General Assemblies of the States,
after a full and fair submission of the question to the people
and the States for their consideiation and decision And the
said 'Expunging Resolution' having been thus adopted in ac
cordance with such expressed will and instructi ns, it is in
compatible with the principles of representative Government
and inconsistent with the lespect due to the people and the
States, and unbecoming the Senate to act upon any proposi
t on for rescinding the said 'Expunging Resolution' while
the said insuuctions of the Stales and the said expiessed will of
the people remain, as they now do unrevoked and i nattered
by any subsequent instructions or cxpiession of the public
will "
"Resolved That the thanks of the country are due to Gener
al Tackson, ex President of the United States for having by his
courage patriotism and sagacity, in removing the public de
posites from the Bank of the United States in 18"i4, and in
plaotng his veto upon the renewed cbaitei of that bank in
1832 saved th  Government and peop'e of the United States
from the pecuniary loss, the political corruption, and the moral
pollution, which a longer connexion with that msi.ituiion must
have brought upon them "
The amendment was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed
On motion, the Senate then proceeded to the
consideration of executive business; and, after
some time spent therein, resumed legislative basi-
net   when
The bill making appropriation to carry into effect
the treaty with the Wyandot Indians, having been
returned from the House with votes disagreeing to
the two amendments of the Senate, (one of which
provided for a claim arising out of a treaty with
the Sioux Indians; and the other made appropria-
tion to pay the expenses incurred by our Minister
at Mexico, in liberating the Santa Fe prisoners,)
was taken up; when
Mr KING moved that the Senate recede from its
amendments. The question being put, the motion
was agreed to
The bill to regulate the pay and appointment of
engineers m the United States navy, having been
returned from the House wnh amendments was
taken up; and
On motion of Mr EVANS, the amendments were
concurred in
The joint resolution of the House, authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to experiment with C< I t's
submarine battery, to test its practicability for har
bor defence, having been returned from the House
with an amendment to the amendments of the Sen-
ate, it was taken up, and the amendment was con
curred in.
The bill for the relief of certain companies of
Missouri volunteer , commanded by Captain*
Sconce, Stephenson, Pollard, and others, having
been returned from the House with amendments
was taken up, and,
On motion of Mr BENTON, 'he amendments
were concurred in.
The bill entitled An act allowing a drawback
on goods re-exported in original packages to Cb>
huahua and Santa Fe, &e , having been returned
from the House wnh an entire substitute for the
bill, was t?ken up for consideration
Mr. KING said the bill which passed the Senate
was one intended for a special purpose, and was
fully guarded against frauds, but the «ubstitu e
adopted by the House was a general bill, which
threw open the door to all kinds of fraud, he there-
fore moved the indefinite postponemsnt of the bill
Mr. LINN appealed to the Senator to wiihdraw
the motion, to enable him to submit a motion to
non-concur; if this was done, he believed the
House would recede.
Mr KING said he had no objection, if the Sen
ator thought the House would recede.
The question was then put, and the Senate non
concurred m the amendment of the House, and the
bill was returned to that body
On motion of Mr. BENTON, leave was granted
to  withdraw from the fi es of the    er ate the pi-
per, t f  he '. us i í Da   e Petubone
On motion of Mr. EVANS, leave was also
pr^nt d lo Mary 'W. Thon p.on to withdraw her
papers.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate then
proceeded io ihe ct nsideratiun of executive bust,
ness, and after a shirt time spent therein, the doors
were again opened     Wher  the reponer entered, .
Mi LINN wa^ making a speech on (he Oregon
bill, of whicn he had moved to discharge the select
commiitee on thai suhjec trom the funher consid-
eraron He all ged as a reason why the bill
wai not pressed at the present session, the pending
negotiations  with England
RETRENCHMENT AND REFORM
Mr. WOUDBURY called upon the Chair to
have ihe report which was presen ed fi im the Re-
trenchment Committee, by its chairman, (.Mr.
M< ri Hi ad ] read
The CHAIR replied that the Committee on Re-
trenchmi nt h^d ina'e no report
Mr. WOODBURY was understood to reply that
the chairman ot that committee [Mr Morehead]
had promised on yesterday, when the proposition,
to appropriate an additional hundred thou and dol-
lars to cover the increased expenses of the judiciary
department (which made §475,000 appropriated
to that purpose thus session) was under consid-
eration, that he would, before the adjourn-
ment, make a partial report on the subject of re-
trenchment He had expected, after so much
noioe at the commence!1 ent of the session, and
such fair promises to the people, that that commit-
tee would at least have redeemed a moiety of the
promists made
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Committee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the peti ion of the armorers at
Harper's Ferry.
On motion of Mr. KING, (the President pro tern.
not being m the chair,) it was
Unanimously i esolved, That the thanks of the Senate he
presented lo Willie P Mancum for the ability and impartiality
wnh which he has discharged his duties as President pro tem
of the Senate
A message was received from the House, an-
nouncing the passage of a resolu ion suspending
the 16th and 17th joint rules of the rwo Houves,
tor tl e purpsse of atmitting from the House "An
act for the purchase of raw material for the sup-
port of the penitentiary in ihe Distilct of Colum-
bia " and asking it$ concurrence bv the Senate.
The Senate then concurred in the suspension of
the rule, and the bill was con ldtred as in ct mmit-
tee of the while, reponed to ihe Senate, read the
third nmt, and prosed
The Set ate agdm proceeded to ihe consideration
of executive busings , nnd, after a hort ture spent
thereon, resumed the consideration of legislative
business, when
Mr PRESTON s íbmitted a joint resolution to
provide for the payment of expens s incurred by
the legation of the United State* at Mexico, on.
account of the Santa Fe prisoners, which was con-
sidered, read three several timet, and passed
On motion of Mr. EVANS it was resolved thai
a committee be appointed on the part of the Senate,
to join such comm'ttee as might be appointed on
the p-irt of ihe House, to wan on ihe President,
and tntorm him tha the two Houses of Congress
had finished all then \> gisla ive business, and, un-
less he had further cornmume<i ion io make to ihem,
that they were prepared to adjourn stne die.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the Committee on
Agriculture were discharged from the funher con-
sideration of the memorial of------Smith, in f< vor
of the establishment of an agricultural =chooi.
RETRENCHMENT AGAIN.
Mr LINN inquired of  the Cb?ir whether  the
C mmutee on Rein nchmpnt bii yet asked  to be
discharged irom the further consideration of ihe
subject of reirenc/imert! and reform—a subject which
