978
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had occupied so many months ef this session in
talking about, and * hich had been gravely com-
mitted to the keeping of that committee, after the
resolutions of the late Senator from Kentucky,
(Mr. Clay,) which promised so much, were dis-
posed of.
The CHAIR replied, Nc; that no such motion
had been made by the chairman of that committee.
Mr. MOREHEAD (being seated, and appearing
somewhat agitated at the interrogatory) made some
remark not heard distinctly by the reporter.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
consideration of all matters not acted on by that
committee.
A mess-age was received from the House, an-
nouncing the passage of the joint resolution 10 pay
the expenses incurred on account of the Santa Fe
prisoners, and a'so announcing the concurrence
in the resolution of the Senate, to appoint a com-
mittee to wait on the President.
After some delay 
Mr. EVANS, from the committee appointed to
wait on the President, reported that that committee
had performed its duty, and received in reply from
the President that he had no further communica-
tions of a legislative character to make to Congress;
but that, in consequence of the passage of the law
for the reorganization of the Navy Department, he
would have a communication of an executive
character to lay before the SeBate, And ihortly
afterwards,
A message was received from the President, of
an executive character; and which, in that charac-
ter, the Senate proceeded to consider with closed
doors.
In a few minntes, the doors were again opened ,
and
Mr. MANGUM rose and addressed the Senate^
expressing the deep sense of gratitude he enter-
tained for the uniform courtesy and kindness that
body had extended to him whilst he had the honor
of presiding over its deliberations during the pro-
tracted and excited sessien. After concluding, he
adjourned the Senate sine die.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, August 31, 1842.
THE PRESIDENT'S PROTEST.
Mr. WISE rose, as soon as the journal of yes-
terday had been read, and moved a correction of
the journal. He offered a resolution for th<; amend
ment of the journal, by adding thereto the Presi-
dent's protest, which was the subject of the action
of the House yesterday. On this he moved the
previous question.
Mr. R W THOMPSON rose to a question of
order. The House of Representatives, by a «ol-
eum vote, had determined that the President's
protest should not go upon the journal; and the
gentleman from Virginia cotild not now ask to
have inserted on the journal that which the House
had determined should not go there.
The SPEAKER made some observation, which
was not distinctly heard, but he was understood to
decide against the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. WISE inquired whether the House had
determined not to amend its journal He appealed
from the decision of the Chair, and he would Jet the
House see whether they could keep it off the jour-
nal.
Mr. McKENNAN moved to lay the appeal on
the table
Mr. WISE. Why, that will put it on the jour
nal. He then demanded the yeas and najs, and
they were ordered by tellers.
A message was received frnm the Senate an-
nouncing that that body agreed to suspend the
rules, so as to permit bills to be sent to the Presi-
dent at this period of the session
Mr. WISE moved that the Hou°e concur in the
resolution from the Senate. [Loud cries of " No,
no, if you persist in breaking up the House for
want of a quorum, by calling the j eas and nays on
the appeal, you shaii lose the reorganization of the
navy bill."]
The yeas aad nays being about to be taken on
the appeal,
Mr. LINN moved a call of the House, which
was negauved
Mr RAYNER asked what would be the result,
if the appeal was either sustained or negatived'!
and whether the protest could be got on the journal
under such circumstances,? if so, it would be doing,
by a trick, what the House had solemnly deter-
mined not to do
The SPEAKER said there was a precedent, by
which he should be guided
Mr. WISE Whai' have I not the right to get
my motien on the journal?
The Clerk commenced calling the roll; and after
proceeding some time,
Mr WISE (who had been in consultation with
some gentlemen) roce and inquired whether he
could not withdraw his motion?
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman
might withdraw his motion by universal consent.
The motion was then withdrawn.
The House next took up, and pa?.ed, the reso-
lution to suspend the rules, so as to allow bills to be
sent to the President, and several bills were ac-
cordingly despatched
A joint resolution to prohibit the renewal of bills
for private claims which had been rejected by Con-
gress in any previous sessien, unless suppoited by
additional proof, came up on us passage; and the
previous question was moved and sustained. On
the vote being taken, it was found that there was
not a quorum in attendance.
A motion was made for a call of the House, and
negatived.
Mr. BARNARD cüled for tellers, and they
were ordered, and, having taken the vote, reported
40 in the affirmative, and 61 in the negative—
being less than a quorum
Mr FILLMORE hoped the members who were
in the lobbies would be invited to take their places.
Various motions were made, and tellers called
for, but no progre>s could be made
Mr. RAYNER, during these proceedings, rose
and said: I object to gentlemen voting on both
sides. [It W3S understood that this course was
suggested to show that a quorum was present ] He
also complained that a resolution had been passed,
allowing bills to go to the President, when there were
not 100 members in the House.
After much confusion, the Speaker counted the
House, and announced that there wsre 119 mem-
bers present—being less than a quorum.
Mr FILLMORE said he supposed it would be
in order to move an adjournment, and call the yeas
and nays up^n it, to ascertain how many were
present
Mr. ADAMS objected to a motion for an ad-
journment so near the end of the session, and he
moved that the House take a lecess tor one hour;
and on this he called for the yeas and nays
Mr. FILLMORE moved a call of the House,
and on this he called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered
The SPEAKER peremptorily called the mem-
bers to order—there being much confusion through
the House.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
in a voie of 108 yeas, 19 nays, so the motion for a
call of the Hou«e was carried.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that all further pro-
ceedmgs under the call be dispensed with; there
being a quorum present: carried.
Mr STANLY moved to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole from the further consideration of
the joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to tes , by experiment, the value of Mr.
Colt's sub-marine battery, and certain inventions
to prevent the explosion of steam-boilers; which
was agreed to.
Mr WISE offered an amendment, to authorize
the Secretary to test the inventions of others be-
sides those named in the resolution, which Mr.
STANLY accepted as a modification.
The amerdments of the Senate were then con-
curred in
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself m'o Committee of the Whoie on the
state of the TJaion, (Mr Barnard of New York in
the chair,) for the purpose of considering several
bilk returned ftom the Senate with amendments.
The committee first took up the bill making ap-
propriations for certain fortifications of the United
States for the year 1842, as. amended in the Sen-
ate; and the amendments having been read,
Mr ADAMS asked for the consideration of the
amendments separately.
The first amendment, adding an appropriation of
$10,000 for Fort Towson and an appropriation of
$10,000 for Fort Smith, was concurred in.
The second amendment, appropriating $20 000 for
rebuilding Fort Gibson, in Arkansas, provided the
Secretary of War should determine to rebuild it,
was opposed by Messrs ADAMS and STANLY,
and supported by Mr. WM. O BUTLER, but, on
taking the question, this amendment was disagreed
to
The bill was then laid aside to be reported; and
the committee then took up the bill making appro-
priations for carrying into effect the treaty with the
Wyandot Indians, which bill having been consid-
ered, and no amendment offered, was laid aside to
be reported.
On motion by Mr MALLORY, the committee
took up and considered the bill authorizing the
construction of a depot for charts and instruments
for the navy of the United States; and no amend-
ment having been offered, it was laid aside to be
reported.
On motion of Mr KING of Georgia, the bill
No 262, to regulate the appointment and pay of
engineers in the navy, was next taken up.
Mr. WISE offered an amendment, to limit the
number of engineers to one chief engineer and
two first, two second, two third, and three fourth
assis'ant engineers, to each steamship, which was
agreed to, and the bill was then laid a<ide to be
reported.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland moved that the
committee take up the joint resolution providing
for the relinquishment to the State of Maryland,
on certain conditions, of the stock of the Govern-
ment in the Chesapeake and Omo canal, rejected.
On motion by Mr FILLMORE, the committee
rose and reported the several bills to the House;
and
Mr. WISE called for the previous question on
concurrence.
On the question of concurring in the report of the
Committee of the Whole on the bill making ap-
propriations for carrying into effect the treaty with
the Wyandot Indians,
Mr TRIPLETT called for the reading of the
bill, and for the yeas and nays.
Mr FILLMORE a^ked Mr. Wise to withdraw
the call for the previous question, for the purpose
of soaking an explanation, which was acceded to.
Mr. F. begged leave to call the attention of the
House to the fact, that this bill had not been ex-
amined by a committee, and that two amendments
had been inserted in the Senate, making appropria-
tions, which had been rejected by the Committee of
Ways and Means. He referred to the appropria-
tion of f 15,000, for the treaty with the Camanches,
and for the treaty made by Mr. Doty with the
Sioux. These he would move to strike out With
regard to the appropriation for the judicial ex-
penses, he would observe that it was to provide for
the same amount that had been stricken out of the
general appropriation bill, and which was indis-
pensably necessary to carry on the judicial depart-
ment.
Mr. Fillmore's amendment was agreed to;
and the report of the committee, as amended, was
concurred in
The bill concerning professors of mathematics
in the navy, was read  the third time, and^assed.
The bill to revive the act entitled An act to en-
able claimants to lands in the States of Missouri
and Arkansas to institute suits to try the validity of
their titles, Ac , being on its third reading, was, on
motion of Mr. STANLY, laid on the table.
The bill allowing a drawback on foreign mer-
chandise exported in the original packsges to Chi-
huahua and Santa Fe, in Mexico, was taken up oa
its third reading.                                              ^ ^
Mr. SPRIGG moved to lay it on the table. '
Mr. BLACK called for the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
