1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has for the
present yielded the floor to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Okr.] .
Mr. OLDS. I wish to make the inquiry of the
Chair whether, when the vote is taken to strike
out, a motion cannot be maSe to insert also ?
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
When 1 got up to move an amendment, the Chair
pronounced that amendment to be out of order.
Subsequently the gentleman from Tennessee, with
the unanimous consent of the committee, withdrew
his amendment. ' I presume, under the ordinary
practice and courtesy of the committee, I would
be entitled to move my amendment in exclusion
of any member who«might have subsequently ob-
tained the floor. 1 was standing upon the floor at
the time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman who first addressed it, under the circum-
stances, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I asked the gentleman to with-
draw his amendment that I might be enabled to
move an amendment to the clause under consid-
eration. In obedience to that request, he did with-
draw his amendment. Under such circumstances,
I think 1 am entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Such confusion, the Chair
will say, arises by gentlemen addressing each
other, and not the Chair. If gentlemen would, in
all cases, address the Chair, it would not be mis-
led. In this instance, the Chair did not so under-
stand the gentleman from Virginia. But if that
was the position he occupied, he is entitled, in
precedence, to olferhis amendment. It is a ques-
tion of fact of which the Chair is not advised.
[Cries of " That is so !" " That is so !"]
Mr. ORR. But another gentleman was recog-
nized by the Chair, and made a motion, after
which 1 obtained the floor. Can we go behind
this?
Mr. MEADE. It is to the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, as well as the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina. I rise to a
point of order under the statement I have submit-
ted. My objection goes back to the motion.of the
gentleman from Georgia.
TheCHAlRMAN. As the Chair understands
the facts, the gentleman from South Carolina is
entitled to the floor. If he is mistaken he regrets it.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is an amendment to my
amendment m order?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to amend
the provision to strike out is in order prior to
taking ihe question on the motion to strike out.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 submit thependingques-
tion is to concur in the Senate's amendments,
which is one question. We are now only con-
sidering one port, which I move to strike out; and
ihe only question, if the Chair will look at it a
moment, is exactly the same as the one presented'
by the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Meade.] I move to amend the amendment
of the Senate, by striking out a part. The gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] moves to
strike out some of the words proposed by me to
be stricken out which is an amendment in the third
degree.
Mr. ORR. My proposition is to perfect the
part proposed to he stricken out.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] moved to strike out certain
words. The gentleman from Virginia then made
a motion to strike out some of these words, which
the Chair decided not to be m order. The Chair
will perceive this is identically the same proposi-
tion, because the question now before the com-
mittee is to concur in the entire amendment of the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Georgia will recollect that the Chair based his de-
cision on this ground: The proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee was only to strike out
the appropriating words of the subdivision, and
in lieu thereof to substitute others. The Chair
decided that a proposition to amend by substitut-
ing other appropriating words was not in order,
stating, at the same time, if it were a proposition
to strike out an entire subdivision, a motion to
perfect the subdivision prior to taking the vote
would be in order. The Chair thinks this is that
very question. The gentleman from Georgia pro-
poses to strike out the entire subdivision covering
the appropriation to the Collins line. The Chair
thinks that it is in order to perfect that subdivis-
ion—to modify it in accordance with the views of
the committee prior to taking the question on the
motion to strike out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. One word. "Ihe
gentleman from Georgia will see that his object
cannot be effected by the motion he has submit-
ted. It will not stop debate, because, if it fails,
amendments can then be offered. •
The latter part of rule 53 reads:
" A motion to strike out and insert shall be deemed indi-
visible ; but a motion to strike out being loijt, shall pre-
clude neither amendment nor a motion to strike out and
insert."
Mr. STEPHENS. My object barely was to
get a test vote upon this question, by cutting off
debate. If we once get a test vote, the committee
will permit the appropriation to be voted on or not.
I do not want the whole of this day consumed in
its discussion; but a test vote now on the Collins
line.
Mr. JONES. That is what we all want.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then let us have it.
Mr. ORR. If the question of order is settled, I
claim the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I will appeal to the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to withdraw his
amendment, for this reason: A great many will
, vote against his amendment to strike out, because
I they may not be opposed to it, although they will
be in favor of the amount already under contract.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mf.ade,] that
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is
entitled*to the floor upo'n his amendment.
Mr. Olllt. I propose to amend the amend-
ment, commencing at the ninth line, by striking
out all after the words " at the rate of," and in-
serting the following: " $19,250 per trip, for said
six additional trips."
Some years ago, Collins and his associates ap-
plied to the Congress of the United States to make
a contract with them for carrying the mails be-
! tween New York and Liverpool. That contract
! was entered into, and thay were to be paid—ac-
{ cording to the terms of the contract—$385,000 per
I annum for that service, being $19,250 per trip,
twenty trips to be made annually. They further
| stipulated that they would construct five steam- |
| vessels, of a particular description, with which
| the service was to be performed. They proceeded
i to the fulfillment of the contract, but never built
but four of the vessels. Congress, however,
at their urgent solicitation, waived the forfeiture
of their contract, which had been wrought by their
failure to perform it in all of its stipulations, and
; still continued to pay them the sum of $385,000.
| About the 1st of last November, Collins and his
; associates, who had applied to Congress orginally
to make this contract with the Postmaster Gen-
eral, again applied to that officer, and requested
that the number of trips shall be increased from
twenty to twenty-six. The number of trips were
increased to twenty-six, as they desired; for this
Government has never failed to yield to their so-
licitations, and when they became satisfied that
their interests would be promoted by making a
trip every two weeks, giving greater facilities for
transporting passengers and freights, the increased
number of trips was cheerfully accorded to them.
My amendment proposes to pay them the sum
of $19,25flNbr that increased service. That will
give them an additional compensation of $115,500,
making the entire sum which will be paid to them
annual*}' for this mail service, $500,000. This is
carrying out the contract in all fairness and just-
ness, and they have no right to ask anything more
at the hands of this Congress. I put the question
to every gentleman on this floor, if my proposition
does not deal with this company justly? Ay,
sir, is it not generous to them? And how can the
vote be justified, by which you allow Collins and
his associates $33,000 of your constituents' money
per trip, when they contracted to doit for $19,250,
giving thereby a bonus, in addition to the original
contract of $457,500 annually? Let me warn gen-
tlemen, that those who practice such profligacy
with the people's money, will be called to a strict
account at the ballot-box.
But gentlemen tell us this line of steamers will
be discontinued unless you make this enormous
appropriation. I, for one, am perfectly willing to
release them from the forfeiture which will be in-
curred under their bond if they desire to renounce
or abandon the existing contract; but, in my
judgment, theline willnotrbe discontinued. From
the evidence before this House it is reduced to a
certainty that instead of requiring $33,000 per trip
for transporting the mail between Liverpool and
New York, you can have that service done for
$10,000, $12',000, or $15,000. The Cunarders, it
seems, receive but $14,000, according to one state-
ment, and the highest estimate is only $16,000.
This is the line owned by British citizens, and that
Government, always profligate of the money levied
by taxation on the toiling millions, pays but
$14,000 per trip to Cunard. I ask, what is there
in the elements of this line of Collins & Co. which
requires the American Congress to pay $33,000
for a service which is done by other persons who
have no more skill, enterprise, or industry than
Americans, at $14,000 ? Is there any propriety—
any justice in this? These $500,000. will, in my
judgment, pay an enormous compensation for the
services they render; and I undertake to say here,
when the figures are made out at the Post Office
Department, you will find that the entire sum
arising from the postage upon mail matter carried
by these steamers will not yield more than $200,000
or $250,000; and' you are now asked" to pay
$858,000 for transporting a mail annually, when
the postages on all mail matter carried by it is
less than $250,000; or you pay out to keep up the
line $600,000 more than it brings to you. Is such
a policy defensible in any legislature ?
The friends of the Collins line tell us that the
present amount is inadequate, and you must give
them more. "Well, what is the effect of it? If
the $19,250 is a fair compensation, the excess now
demanded is merely a bounty to that company;
and what is the effect of it? You prohibit any
competition—prohibit the running of any other
steamers between the ports of NewYork and Liv-
erpool. You destroy the privateenterpriseof your
own people in starting new vessels, because this
line possesses all the advantages of a new one,
and the bonus of $858,000 additional. So that
private enterprise would have to compete with the
Cunard line, all the lines of sailing vessels, and
the Collins line too, sustained to the amount of
nearly a million a year by the Government. Will
this Government adopt such an unjust policy as
to favor, by bounties, a few of its citizens, and
prohibit the competition of the great mass in the
act of conferring its bounties? Are Collins and
his associates better than all other Americans?
What entitles them to the bounty of this Govern-
ment over all others of their fellow-citizens ?.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to offer a few words,
but I do not believe that I can explain the reasons
upon which I base my vote in the five minutes
allotted to me. My course on this question will
be different from that of many persons with whom
I usually act; and yet I do not agree with many
of the arguments used in favor of this appropri-
ation by its friends, and it is therefore the more
necessary that 1 should state the reasons for my
votes. In doing this briefly, I come first to the
point made by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Orr.] 1 think 1^ will find that he is
mistaken in relation to the™ mparative amount of
the compensation to the two rival establishments.
If he takes into consideration the difference in size
between the steamers of the Collins line and the
English line, he will find that if we give them
$33,000 a trip, that we only pay them as much
compensation per ton—I mean for each ton that
crosses the Atlantic—as the English company
get. This arises from the fact that the four Col-
lins ships have in the aggregate as much tonnage
as the seven English, and that one ship of the
former by crossing fifty-two times carries as much
as a Cunarder at eighty-five trips, being the whole
number of crossings of the Atlantic by each line,
if this proposed increase should take place. But
I do not propose to rest my vote upon that con-
sideration mainly. When Great Britain com-
menced, she originally gave the Cunarders, I be-
lieve, <£85,000. That amount has been more than
doubled, because it was found necessary to enable
them to run the line as proposed; and so far as the
precedent goes, there is no reason why Collins &
Co. should not ask us to increase their compen-
sation also. But Great Britain, in my judgment,
very unwisely began to sustain a line m this
mode so as to enable it unfairly and injuriously
to compete with the private enterprise of the two
