884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr, STANLY. I understand that.
The SPEAKER, The Chair is inclined to think
that this is not a debatable question, A propo-
sition to print extra copies, must, as a matter of
course, under the rule, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing. The Chair is, however, not very
clear upon that point.
Mr. STANLY. Then the House w acting
under a misapprehension.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. STANLY. I rose to a question of order
myself.
Mr. STANTON. The question I make is, that
it is not in order to consider this resolution to-day.
It must lie over one day, under the rule.
Mr. STANLY. That is the question I am ar-
guing. I do not object, as I have already said,
to the reception of this communication, or to the
printing of the ordinary number. The communi-
cations were taken up with the understanding; that
none of them should be debated. Unless that un-
derstanding is carried out we postpone the de-
ficiency bill indefinitely. Gentlemen should bring
up their propositions to print at another time,and
another day, when discussion could be admitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression, after having examined the rules, that the
motion to print is in order, and that it is not de-
batable. it must, however, go to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. STANLY. I3ut what becomes of the un-
derstanding, if we arc to receive and debate prop-
ositions hke this ?
The SPEAKER. The Ch.iir again repeats,
that the proposition is not debatable. It is nota
motion to print the document in the usual manner,
but it is a motion to print an extra number of
copies, which must go to the Committee on Print-
ing, without debate.
Mr. STANLY. Then I will take up the ori-
ginal motion to pj int. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which this communication was ordered to be
printed, and I propose to debate that proposition.
Now, what becomes of this motion, with, the un-
derstanding which the House have agreed'upon?
What I want is, that when we take up the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, with a particular
understanding, that the House should adhere to
that understanding, otherwise you will get into
such a debate as I predicted m the first place: and
you will neglect other business which is indispen-
sable to the welfare of the country.
The SPEAKER. The right of the gentleman
to debate the motion to print, is, in the opinion of
the Chair, very clear. The gentleman moves to re-
consider the vote by which the communication was
ordered to be printed, and he proposes to debate
that motion. The communication must, therefore,
remain upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to my friend from
North Carolina to withdraw his objection. No
debate is intended upon this matter. The only
question is to submit the motion, and let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing, under the
ru1es.
Mr. STANLY. 1 do not object to the print-
ing of the communication in the usual form.
Mr. PHELPS. It is only a proposition to print
extra copies.
Mr. STANLY. That is what I object to.
Now, if the gentleman will withdraw the motion
to print the extra copies, there is no difficulty. I
have no sort of objection to the communication
being printed.
Mr. PEASLEE. To obviate all difficulty, I
will, for the present, withdraw my motion to print
an extra number of copies.
Mr. STANLY. Then I withdraw my motion
to reconsider the motion to print.
The communication was consequently ordered
to be laid upon the table, and be printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Commissioner of Patents, trans-
mitting that portion of his annual repoit for the
year 1851, which relates to the arts and manufac-
tures.
Mr. STUART. I move that the communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Patents, and
that it be printed.
Mr. ROBBINS. I would inquire whether it is
not better to refer that communication to the Com-
mittee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recollect |
the practice in regard to this report* j
Mr. KING, of New York. I would suggest
that the motion to print be deferred until the Com-
mittee on Patents report what number should
be printed; and that that committee inquire in re-
paid to the proper number to be printed, rather
than that we should order it to be printed now.
The SPEAKER. That is the business of the
Committee on Printing:. Does the gentleman from
New York submit instructions?
Mr. KING. I move then to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
so as to instruct the committee to inquire as to
the proper number to be printed, and to fix upon
that number.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I rise for the purpose of
suggesting to my colleague [Mr. King"! to let the
question of printing be referred to the Committee
on Printing for consideration, where it ought to
go. I will move to amend, so as fco refer this
question of printing to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. KING. That is the original motion, and
my motion is to instruct that committee to report
upon printing the ordinary as well as an extra
number, and to determine what that number shall
be.
Mr. STUART. My original motion was to
refer it to the Committee on Patents, but as some
gentlemen prefer that it should go to the Commit-
tee on Printing, I will modify my motion so that
the communication shall go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
remark that all motions to print an extra number
must go to the Committee on Printing—that is the
law upon the subject; and not a mere rule of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That is an express rule of
the House.
Mr. ORTC. If I remember the former practice
of the House, it is this: Whenever a Patent Of-
fice report has been submitted by the Commis-
sioner, of Patents, a resolution has been offered di-
recting an"eTn*ci-nnrftUer. of copies to be printed,
which resolution has heretofore'been - referred to
the Committee on Printing, which fixes the extra
number. At the first session of the last Congress
I believe one hundred thousand copies of the ag-
ricultural part, and seventy thousand copies extra
of the mechanical part were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to inquire if this re-
port embraces, as on former occasions, two parts,
a mechanical and an agricultural part5
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that it does not. The agricultural part will be sub-
mitted hereafter. 7'he Commissioner of Patents
expressly states in his letter that this is only the
mechanical part.
Mr. EVANS. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Printing; and
upon that T demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] has alieadv submitted that
motion, and the gentleman from New Yoik [Mr.
Kin-g] has moved to amend the motion, by in-
structing the committee to inquire into the pro-
priety of printing an extra number, and to report
the number to be printed, and upon that the pre-
vious question is demanded.
Mr. STUART. What will be the effect of
the previous question upon the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. King?]
The SPEAKER. It will embrace it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Glstrule
requires that a motion, asking for an extra num-
ber of any document, should lie over one dav.
This motion, if there is any objection to the pre-
vious question, would be obliged to lie over one
dav: the object of the gentleman can be obtained
by simply moving that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, the Chair will state the action of the last
Congress upon this subject. A report of the Com-
missioner of Patents being presented, "On mo-
* turn by Mr. Conger, Ordered, That the Com-
1 mittee on Printing inquire into the expediency of
jj 4printing an extra number of such report," the
j; report itself having been referred to the Commit-
ij tee on Patents.
|j _ Mr. KING, of New York. It is the same mo-
- tion submitted now.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I call for the
reading of the 61st rule.
The rule was accordingly read, as follows:
" 61. A proposition requostingmformation from the Pres-
ident of the United State?-, or directing it to be furnished by
the head of cither of the Executive Departments, or by the-
Postmaster Geaeial, or to print an extra number of any doc-
ument or other matter, excepting messages of the President
Jo both liou^erf sit the eotnmciicemcrit of each session or
Congress, and the reports and documents connected with
or referred to in it, shall lie on the table one day for con-
sideration, unless otiierwi&e otdered by the unanimous corv-
sent of the House-.'7
The SPEAKER. This is a proposition to in-
quire into the expediency of printing an extra num-
bered not a proposition to print an extra number.
The Chair, therefore, must overrule the point of
order raised by the gentleman from Tennessee1
[Mr, Stanton.)
The question was then taken upon the demand
for the previous question, and it received a second
and the main question was then- ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on referring the
communication to the Committee on Printing, with
the instructions moved by Mr, Kixg; and it was
agreed to.
LAWS OF OREOON.
The SPEAKER. The Chair presents to the
House the Journal and Laws of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. STUART. Are they in printed form ?
The SPEAKER. They are.
Mr. STUART. I move that they be referred
to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no action to be*
had upon them. I move that they be referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. LANE. Are they the laws of the last ses-
sion ?
The SPEAKER. They are the laws of I85T.
Mr. LANE. They had better be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer to the Committee on Territories, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. GENTRY. A memorial has been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs by mistake*
as I am informed by the gentleman who intro-
duced it to the House. The committee ask to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it may be referred to the Committee of Claims.
It was so ordered.
SENATE BILLS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLET.
Mr. BROWN. There are a number of bills
upon the Speaker's table from the Spnate. Some
of them have laid there for a long time; and with
the approbation of the House,I ask that they may
be taken up and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the House resolve'
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask that the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] will
allow me to present a memorial from the Legisla-
ture of Tennessee, merely for the purpose of ref-
erence.
Mr. STANLY. I have no objection.
The memorial, which was in reference to the
mails on the Ohio and Mississippi, was presented
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
NON-INTERVENTION.
Mr. RIDDLE,by unanimous consent,present-
ed resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Delaware on the doctrine of intervention; which
were laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I move to re-
consider the vote taken yesterday, by which the
special order, being the bill to encourage-agricul-
ture and for other purposes, was postponed until
Tuesday next. I ao it with a view that we may
take up the motion when this deficiency shall have
been disposed of.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Stanly, and it was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILI*.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is House bill No. 207, to supply defi-
ciencies in appropriations for the fiscal year end-
