1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
ins; June 30, 185*2, the following clause of the bill
being under consideration:
cl For constructing, repairing, and enlarging barracks,
quarters, hospitals, store-houses, stables, wharves, and
ways, at the several posts and army dep jls, for tempoiary
cantonments, and the authorized furniture for barrack-
rooms of non-commissioned officers and soldiers,gun-houses
for the protection of cannon, including the necessary tools
and materials for the objects enumerated, and for rent of
quartern, and offices foi officers, and bariacks and hospitals
lor troop.-, wllcre there aie no public buildings for their ac-
commodation, for store-hou=es for the safe keeping of mili-
tary stores, and of mound-* for summer cantonments and
encampments, .$219,000."
The pending question is upon the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] to strike out, in the
seventy-ninth line, the words " for rent."
The question was taken upon the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strikeout "$219,000," at the end of the above
clause, and insert " S100.000."
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order at thi3 time.
The question may be taken upon the pending
amendment, and then the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] will be
in order.
The question was then taken upon the pending
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 now make the motion to
strike out g'ii3,000 and insert $100,000. I observe
that the debate upon this bill closed yesterday by a
declaration of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that I had called upon
liim previously, informing; him that I intended to
demand of him an explanation as to the manner
in which the money had heen expended which
was appropriated last year. There is no inference
from his remarks, except that he intends to excuse
himself for not giving an intelligible account of
the manner in which it was expended, on the
ground that 1 did not publicly ask him for an ex-
planation as to how it was spent. Now, if the
gentleman expects to rest himself upon that justi-
fication before the country, after having liad a
chance, in an hour speech, to give an intelligible
explanation, why, of course I cannot object to the
character of the justification. Had I known that
the gentleman did not possess the information, it
will be seen that motives of common courtesy
would have prevented me from making any pub-
lic interrogation.
But the gentleman says he makes a sweeping
charge against this Administration, of waste of
public moneys, and that he calls the attention of
the country to my remarks, as evidence to prove
it. Now, sir, my remarks cannot be tortured into
a charge of waste against the Administration.
The army went into'New Mexico in 1848, and
under an order issued from the War Department,
which gave to the local commanders the right to
fix the posts, and he who was in command of any
particular line, had the right to change the posts,
and fix them for his own convenience. I know
that this order was changed, and I suppose, and
hope, after theexposition made in Captain Sword's
report, that some system of economy has been
attempted to be enforced. But I want to see how
it is administered. I want to see how they
progress. If there is any charge of waste made
by me, it is made upon the face of the exhibits
which came from the quartermaster general's
office, and laid before us by the quartermaster's
report. I do not understand, when I comment on
the manner in which the assistant quartermasters
have disposed of the funds left to that bureau, that
I am attacking; the Administration.
The Executive, it may be, is responsible, in the
last resort, for the funds which pass through the
Executive Department. But it cannot be expect-
ed, and it will not be expected, by the country,
that the President is to superintend, personally,
the current expenditures by subaltern officers. If
we content ourselves with an attempt to visit the
President with the responsibility of every abuse in
every department of the Army, the Navy, and
Indian affairs, we shall ourselves teach the em-
ployees of the bureaus that whenever a question
of practical reform arises here, they may take
shelter under the theoretical responsibility of the
President, and will not be subjected to any severe
scrutiny from Congress.
I shall say no more. It is our duty to look
narrowly into the necessity for these appropri-
ations—to see that no waste has occurred in the
management of the appropriation for the current
year. We appointed the Committee of Ways and
Means to look into these things, and to report
here upon the necessity of the appropriation. If
the country sees any attack in my remark, it will
see it only as touching those whose duty it is to
look closely into the expenditure of this appropri-
ation, and who come here without any accurate
knowledge in regard to it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNHAM. I trust, sir, that this amend-
ment will not be adopted. As to this particular
item, I have taken some considerable pains myself
to ascertain as to the propriety of the amount.
The object of this item is, to provide barracks for
your soldiers, and necessary buildings for the
shelter and protection of your commissary and
quartermasters—for your ordnance and ammuni-
tion stores. I will state, that the estimates for
these matters, sent in by the commanders at the
different posts, were most closely and rigorously
examined, and they were in all cases reduced, so
far as the quartermaster general could ascertain
that the public service would warrant, such reduc-
tion. Now, sir, I must call the attention of the com-
mittee to another matter. T was asked yesterday
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mva-
shai.i.,] and, I believe, by another gentleman this
morning, why it is we of the Committee of Ways
and Means are not able to give more information
as to the manner in which the money heretofore
appropriated for the fiscal year has been expended ?
Why, it is clear, sir, that it would be impossible to
give it in exact detail.
Now, as to the latest returns made from these
different posts, I have had them in my possession
ever since this discussion commenced. I have
them here; and if I had had time, I should have
laid before the committee a statement of the num-
ber of horses, and of the number of troops upon
every post upon the frontier. Proper regulations
are prescribed for the amount of forage of every
horse; proper regulations are prescribed as to the i
quartermaster's stores to be issued to every s"l- j
dier, and every issue made to or by the officers
having charge of that department. All these ex-
penses for the furnishing of these materials have
been calculated; and you have only to place these
expenses by the side of the money you have here-
tofore appropriated to provide for them, and then
decide whether you have given money enough for
the purpose5 I believe, sir, that within the last
six months there has been a most rigid and care-
ful investigation as to the manner in which the
posts upon the frontiers have been stationed, and
every exertion has been made to remedy the
abuses which have taken place on earlier occa-
sions in that country: but this is quite a question
! 0f time—a thorough reform cannot be effected in a
day, a week, or a month. Every endeavor is
now being made to remedy them, and I believe
with much success, too; and the War Department
is entitled to credit for it.
Now, if gentlemen would examine the report of
the Secretary of War, which has been laid upon
their tables, in which he shows the necessity for
these appropriations, they can ascertain what has
\ become of the money heretofore appropriated, for
! the bill which we passed last year showed how
much money -ft-as appropriated for every branch
of the service; and if they examine the report of
| the Secretary of War, they will see exactly what
! money is left in the Treasury, for each particular
1 branch of the service. I do not, sir, speak of the
! manner in which the money has been expended
1 heretofore. I do not believe in the doctrine that
| if this monevhas been improperly expended, you
i arc to punish the, in some instances, innocent
! officers, by striking them through the service
i of your country; but if you can put your finger
' upon any officer who has neglected his trust—
j has not performed his duties faithfullv—you will
' of course hold him responsible, and you could
j easily make the proper charges against him di-
j rectly, or compel his superior officer to do so.
j But this doctrine of holding- all the officers in
the service responsible for this deficiency is mon-
i strous. I sav, sir, that there is no difficulty in
! ascertaining what has become of the monev: and
my duty as a member of this Committee of ^Vays
I and Means has made me anxious to discharge
|! the responsibility resting upon me to the conn-
II try; and I have examined this report of these cal-
culations carefully, to see what has become of
this money, and it appears to me to be very clear
that this money is now needed. The manner in
which this estimate has been made is this: they
know the number of horses upon the frontier, and
what it costs at the time of the last reports to sup-
port each horse, and they know how much it
takes to support each man; and they have made
a calculation of how much your former appro-
priations fall short of furnishing the amount
needed. I will state, sir, for the information of
the committee, that, after this estimate was gent
here to this House, and after further returns had
come in to the quartermaster's department which
showed that they had effected a reduction in the
expense of furnishing supplies. The estimates
were cut down over §150,000 for this branch of the
service, and the quartermaster general has shown
a worthy determination to reduce, so far as a faith-
ful regard to the public, service would permit.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I have some little recol-
lection in reference to this matter. At the last
session of Congress I moved an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, re-
ducing the amount to $50,000. During the last
Congress, this House had presented to it by the
gentleman who made the estimates, and who asked
of this House to grant supplies, estimates for the
War Department of the sum of §11,000,000. Some
ten or e'even years since §3,500,000 was all the
money required for the purpose of supplying this
army of defense, with all the requisite necessaries.
We had increased our frontier certainly when this
had increased in such an astonishing manner. The
House after a full, long, and tedious examination
of the matter, determined to strike off three mill-
ions of the money asked for.
Mr. HOUSTON. The item for quarters and
barracks is the item now under consideration, Mr.
Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then J propose to confine
my friend from Connecticut 'to the amendment
which opened the debate upon that item.
"Mr. CLEVELAND. 1 will confine myself to
that amendment.
j The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
' bama rises to a question of order. The Chair-
! man is of opinion that the gentleman from Con-
j necticut [Mr. Cleveland] is not out of order, in
| the course of remark being pursued by him.
i Mr. HOUSTON. The item is for quarters and
I barracks.
I Mr. CLEVELAND. I am endeavoring, sir,
I to show this House what I consider to be the duty
j of the House in reference to the question now be-.
1 fore them; but I am surprised that the learned and
distinguished gentleman at the head of the Ways
and Means Committee should have taken an ex-
ception to my remarks, as he was not a member
of the last Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
debate.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that we gave notice
to the War Department last year that we were
not satisfied with the estimates; that we were not
satisfied with the manner in which the public
money was used, and squandered in support of
our troops abroad. They have had a year's no-
tice, in which time they could have prepared and
furnished to this House full information of what
they had every reason in the world to suppose
would be required before the committee reported
! to the House a deficiency of some #2,000,000 or
1 $3,000,000, or before the House of Representa-
; tiv'es would ever grant that bill if it were asked by
! the committee.
Now, sir, I ask this House, and I ask the coun-
i try, how are we called upon to act in this matter?
They have done just what their friends feared last
j year they would do. They have gone on and
spent our money regardless of the remonstrances
aiid the reproaches which have fallen upon them
ever since they have done so. I have listened, in
the course of this debate, to the arguments of the
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, but
I cannot help coming to the conclusion arrived at
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr, Mar-
shall,]" that they have not given us a single op-
portunitvto point to one single item in that ejior-
s bill, and say what ought to be rejected by
mou
| this House. Not one.
[Here the hammer fell.]
