1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1699
countries. I agree with gentlemen in all that they
" h'ave sard upon that subject, I think it is an inju-
rious policy for the Government to sustain lines
:^of stealers to compete with our private mercan-
tile marine, and thus underwork a«d drive them
,o.ut of business. But Great Britain began the
system and our Government followed the example.
"Whether this was originally right or not is a ques-
tion of much doubt. But tf our Government went
into the matter with a view of counteracting the
policy of Great Britain, which was opiating
prejudicially to us as a nation, and disastrously
I® our merchants, then it was justifiable in so
doing. By thus letting her see that we will not
permit her to reap any advantage by such a de-
• parture from sound principles, we may be able to
put an end to the system. To accomplish this,
I. should like very much for this House to in-
struct the Executive, or requesthim rather, to enter
into negotiations with the Government of Great
Britain and other Governments, so as to provide,
by treaty, that no -ship sustained in part by a Gov-
ernment appropriation, shall be allowed to enter
the ports of either country with cargoes of mer-
chandise or passengers. I am willing to come to
that issue at once. I believe it will be wise policy
for us to adopt a system by which private indi-
viduals only may be allowed to transport passen-
gers and freight. Perhaps it may be as well to
provide that the mail shall be carried by the lowest
bidder, opening the competition to the whole world,
so as to reduce the compensation so low as barely
to cover actual cost, thus preventing undue ad-
vantage to the mail-ships. But the main point
which presses upon me is this: We have gone into
a contest with the Government of Great Britain,
whether wisely or not I need not say. The ques-
tion now is, whether we shall not vote as much
money for the service performed, by taking into
account the entire amountof tonnage, as the British
Government does, and thus put our own people
on an equal footing with the foreigners. I believe
the abandonment of this line would operate unfor-
tunately upon public opinion throughout the world.
The value of national character can hardly be es-
timated in money. It is well known to everybody,
that the most inferior consul we have now abroad,
has «iore weight with all foreign Governments,
than a minister of the first class had thirty or forty
years ago. Why is this? It is because our coun-
try has a standing abroad which it did not formerly
possess. This is due partly to the achievements
of our soldiers in the late war with Great Britain—
partly to the brilliant and difficult conquest of
Mexico, and our numerous and striking victories
upon the ocean—partly to our immense and rap-
idly increasing mercantile marine—partly to the
success of our inventors at the Exhibition at Lon-
don, and especially, in a most eminent degree, to
the achievements of this Collins line. Let it be
remembered that its ships are the largest, swiftest,
handsomest, and best that have floated on the
ocean since the dawn of creation.
Now, I believe it would not be wise policy to
abandon this line at this time. It would tend
rather to lower the position of our country abroad,
in the opinion of the civilized world, ft ought
never to be realized that we are to be beaten in
anything. This would be an injury greater than
ten times the money saved coulil compensate.
There is another reason, too, for the course I rec-
ommend. It is not determined yet whether such
steamers will answer all the purposes of war ves-
sels. Officers in the Navy differ about it. One
man will tell you that they will not do, while three
others will tell you that they will answer for all war
purposes. I am willing to sustain this line for
two years longer, its ships being the best yet built,
and then we will be able, perhaps, to decide
whether they will answer a good purpose or not,
in time of war. If they cannot stand heavy broad-
sides, they may, at least, be valuable as transport
ships, being safe from capture, by reason of their
great speed. We may be enabled, too, by taking
this course, to compel Great Britain to abandon
the system, if it is an unwise one, as I regard it,
thus to interfere with private enterprise.
I maintain that sound policy would, undoubt-
edly, require us to disband our Army and Navy,
* if all other nations would do the same thing. But
we are compelled to keep up military establish-
ments just to meet their efforts. For a similar
reason, we ought to compete with them in this
matter, and I am willing to do it for the next
two years, as this amendment proposes. As we
have gone into the system, I am not willing to
abandon it, until we give it a fair trial, at least.
All that gentlemen have said about the tariff, has
nothing to do with this question. The cotton
-factories referred to, have been protected forty
years at a high rate, and are even now receiving
a benefit of thirty per cent, protection. But the
principles of the cases are altogether dissimilar. It
is proposed to sustain this line because it has to
compete with one which the British Government
supports out of its Treasury. But this is not the
case with the manufacturingestablishments. They
are built up and supported entirely by private en-
terprise, and we may well require our establish-
ments to meet them on equal terms, without boun-
ties. But I have no hesitation in saying, that if
the fact were otherwise, that if Great Britain were
to give money from her Treasury to her manufac-
turing establishments, to enable them to undersell
our workmen, that then I would be for interfering
in some mode. But such is not the fact. So, on
the other hand, if the Collins line had only to com-
pete with the private enterprise of Great Britain,
l would not vote to sustain it. Undoubtedly the
friends of a protective tariff ought to go for this
measure. For if their doctrine be right, that we
ought, m some mode, to aid our own manufactur-
ers in their competition with foreign labor, merely
because it is foreign labor, then with much more
reason ought they to go for sustaining this enter-
prise, competing as it does, not only with a foreign
establishment, but also with one pensioned and
supported by'the Government expressly to enable
it to break down all competition.-
Mr. POLK. I desire to offer an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. At this time an amend-
ment is not in order. The question before the
committee being the amendment offered by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.]
Mr. OREL. I call for tellers on my amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton,of
Tennesse, and Hendricks were appointed; and
the question being put, the tellers reported—ayes
61,* noes 76.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr> MEADE. Mr. Chairman, 1 move that
the words " thirty-three" be stricken out in the
ninth line, and the words " twenty-five" inserted
in lieu thereof. If this were a question whether
we should pay this sum, or that, or another, for
merely the transportation of the mails across the
Atlantic, I should vote against any appropriation.
I do not base my support of any compensation
upon any right of Congress to make appropri-
ations to individuals or companies for the promo-
tion of commerce, or for the transportation of
mails across the high seas. The first question
which addresses itself to my mind is, has Con-
gress the right to maintain a Navy? And the next
is, whether it be politic to increase our marine and
naval force in this way? That is altogether a
question of economy, and it rests with Congress
to say whether they will increase their naval force
in this way, or in some other—a question entirely
of economy, and nothing else. We should first
determine whether it would be politic or wise in
us, in view of the vast increase of the steam naval
force of other great maritime Powers of the world,
to provide, also, for strengthening this particular :
arm of our defense.
Having determined that question in the affirm- j
ative—having determined that prudence and a j
wise foresight on our part require an increase of j
our steam navy, then the question occurs, in what 1
way shall that increase be made? Now, sir, I j
was informed by a former Secretary of the Navy j
some years ago, that in case of any difficulty with j
France or Great Britain, that either of those Pow- |
ers could, within fifteen days, assemble from f
thirty to forty war steamers at the mouth of the i
Mississippi; while at that time, I believe, we were !
provided with about half a dozen of very mdiffer- j
ent steam vessels. I came to the conclusion then, j
and subsequent reflection has confirmed me in the j
opinion, that it is necessary that we .should, to a
greater extent, be provided with this means of de-
fense. Inasmuch as we are not immediately in
want of war steamers; inasmuch as there is no
necessity to put more in commission at this time,
I should content myself with making adequate
provision for cases of emergency hereafter; and
the inquiry should be, how can this be done most
economically and with due regard to efficiency?
Now, sir,, in regard to the constitutional power.
We can exercise it in several different ways. We
can construct vessels and provide materials for
their construction, and yet we may have no imme-
diate u«e for them. We may, if we choose, build
vessels and lend them to individuals, upon condi-
tion that they shall keep them in repair, and in
readiness for the use of the Qovernrrient^when oc-
casion shall require. There are various modes by
which we can provide for an increase of our naval
strength. One is by paying an annua! compensa-
tion to those who shafi build and keep in good con-
dition such vessels as will answer for war steam-
ers, and be subject at all times to the caliof the
Government. I say it is not a question of a con-
stitutional character; it is one addressed entirely
to our discretion. I am w'illing to increase to a
reasonable extent the compensation to these steam-
ers, but I am not willing to go to the extent con-
templated by this amendment, I am willing to
give these steamers $25,000 for each round trip they
may make; and though it may be urged that these
steamers are not fit for the purposes of war, about
which there seems to be a variety of opinions-
yet, sir, it cannot be denied they were constructed
under the superintendence of'one of our naval
officers, with directions to see that they were so
constructed as to answer the purposes of the Gov-
ernment, in case the Government should hereafter
have occasion for them. It;is, therefore, now too
late to make that objection.
Mr. POLK. It is a little remarkable, Mr.
Chairman, that a representative of a portion of the
American people should feel impelled to address
an American Congress, and remind them of their
duty to tluir naiwnalily* It is strange, sir, that men
who are presumed to embody the wisdom of the
land should have to be reminded and advised that
they are pandering to British power—that they are
forgetting American interests, and that they are
losing sight of that grandeur and greatness which
attaches to this Government. Am E, sir', to re-
mind older men—men who have been indulging
in politics for years, that we owe a sacred and
glorious duty to our country? Are they willing
to perform this duty, sir, in the matter at issue
before us? May I stand upon the floor of the
American Congress, and find men who are will-
ing to measure our greatness by the circumference
of a dollar—a dollar sir!—measure American
prosperity, American greatness, by a round dol-
lar—and thus to pander- to British interests, to
bow the pliant knee, and say to the power that
assailed us at Lexington, that flashed the first gun
from Bunker's Hill—that fought us upon sea and
upon land in 1812—that has been jealous of our
prosperity and greatness ever since—" Good
mother, won't you carry our mails for us?" Why,
sir, I scorn, I despise this anti-American feeling
and sentiment. 1 regard it as one of those miser-
able pretexts which contribute to a cultivation of
popular humbug, without having any sort of
rhyme, or sense, or reason in it; ana the men
who stand to-day battling upon these principles,
upon which gentlemen oppose this amendment, are
behind the age. They are behind the progress of
the country; they know nothing of its power or its
influence, and are contributing to a combination
of foreign policy designed to overslaugh us.
MycolleaguefromTennessee [Mr. Jones] says,
we have no constitutional power to carry the
mails beyond our own limits. Sir, how are we to
send any mails, then, beyond our limits? Are
we to appropriate our money to foreign Powers to
take charge of our mails, indispensable to be car-
ried abtoad to our foreign consuls and ministers ?
If the doctrine should obtain that this Government
has no constitutional power to appropriate money
by which we may transmit our mails beyond the
limits of our country, why, we must cast our-
selves into the arms of European Powers. The
argument is fallacious.
But the gentlemen, in my opinion, who are for
withholding aid from the Collins line—who are
for striking down that line—are but contributing
to the British policy i^regard to this and other
American lines; they are in effect giving sanction
to the disingenuous efforts of that Government,
through a rotatory or sliding scale of freights, to
break downfall the American lines. With the
view to show the means re sorted to by that Gov-
ernment to break down the American line of
steamers running from New York to Havre, and
the points on the North sea, I will quote from Mr.
