1TO0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
Livingston's memorial to Congress, in which is
embraced a few extracts from English advertise-
ments:
" The usual rate of freight from Havre to New York by
steamers, before your memorialists' vessels were put on the
line, was $40 per ton. The Oahaid vessels, as the an-
nexed extracts from their advertisements show, have re-
duced the rate as low as ten dollars per ton, and in orderto
carry out their plan-, they transport French goods in small
steamers from Havre to Liverpool. This reduction, too, te
only made when one of your memorialists' vessels, the
Humboldt or the Franklin, is about to leave Havre.
[extracts.]
Cunard advertisement, Havre, August, 1850.
«< Shippers are advised Yhat the rate of freight to the Uni-
ted States is $40 per ton.' _ .
The same rate for September, 1850.'5  
" The Franklin left New .York on her first trip, 4th Octo-
ber, 1850.
Cunard advertisement, Havre, October 9, 1850.
"{Shippers are advised that the rate of freight by this line
[the Cunard] will be $>"20 per ton.'
"The Franklin left Havre early in November. '
Cunard advertisement, Havre, November 4,1850.
" i Shippers are advised that the rate of freight after the
9th November, will be $40 per ton.'
" The Franklin returned to Havre m December.
Cunard advertisement, Havre, December 2.1850.
" Shippers are advised that for the month of December,
up the 4Ui of January inclusive, the rate of freight will be
$10 per ton.9 •
" And with little variation this course has been pursued
throughout the year.
"In the advertisement of the Cunard line of the last
date, occurs a still more striking proof of the hostile char-
acter of the opposition of this company:
" 4 Shippers are advised that goods for the American boats
[the Collins line] leaving Liveipool in December, will be
transported by the Cunard steamers from Havre to Liver-
pool free of all charge to the shippers.'
"It thus appears that, not satisfied with the attempt to turn
the whole course of the freight to their own boats by taking
it at a ruinous rate, in order that nothing may be left for
the boats of your memorialists, they offer to transport to
Liverpool whatever may remain free of charge, thus
also creating the erroneous impression on the minds of
those engaged in the French trade, that both the English
and American steamers from Liverpool were united against
the Havre line.
" If any further doubt can be entertained as to the real
nature of this competition, and its implacable hostility to
this branch of our trade, it will be removed by the state-
ment which your memorialists hold themselves ready to
prove: that the agents of the Cunard line have deliberately
avowed their purpose to break down and destroy the busi-
ness of your petitioners, and utterly drive them from the
line j that they have insultingly recommended your petition-
ers to take their boats off the Havre Jinc, and send them to
Bremen, engaging not to oppose them there—only, how-
ever, on the condition that they would not stop at South-
ampton ; in other words, being willing to allow us the free
use of the British Channel, provided we would not touch
on either shore, but resolved that the United States Gov-
ernment should have no direct line of mail steamers from
New York to Havre.
"This tells its own story; and this, in our judgment,
should prompt every member of Congress who has .it hea.it
the welfare of the Republic, and the honor and pride of our
country, zealously to labor to sustain all our existing lines
of ocean steamers, but especially ihe lines between this port
and Havre, and this port and Liverpool—both of which
come in direct competition with the great Cunard line,
which has so long monopolized the trade between thisetji
and Europe, and been supported almost entirely by a tax
udon American commerce, for the special benefit of the
English Government. It is a line worthy of all piaise, and
has been conducted with an energy worthy of its project-
ors, and of the Government of Great Britain. Butitis,in
fact, a national not a private enterprise. Its object and its
aim are to strengthen the British nation at the expense of
the United States, and not to make money for individuals.
And, under these circumstances, it is folly—nay, worse
than folly—it is madness, to ask of our merchants to sustain
so unequal a contest. Our Government must come to the
rescue, and that right quickly, or it must result m the tri-
umph of Great Britain, and the disgrace of the United
States, by the withdrawal of the Havre and Collins steam-
ers, and their sale to some European Gevernments for war
steamers, if not to the British Government itself, through
some of its numerous companies.
"This is plain and startling language; but it is not less
true than.plain aud startling. Our merchants cannot con-
tend against the omnipoteney of the British Treasury 5 and
if our Government will not open its eyes to the vital con-
sequences of neglecting its imperative duty m this regard,
there is no alternative but to submit to the consequences,
humiliating as they are."
_ Such is the British effort to break down our
lines of steamers—an effort to which gentlemen by
their action here are contributing immensely.
What is the British policy in regard to her own
• steamers? She now paysffe foster her line from
Liverpool to New York, <£171,364, or $856,820
annually. But this is not the whole truth in regard
to what she pays:
" In truth, you cannot tell what is allowed by the British
Government to the Cunard line. Do you know what is
allowed for the line which they have established from
Havre to Liverpool, which carries goods without charge
at the time when a Cunard vessel is about to sail from Liv-
erpool and an American bteamer from Havre, until the
American steamer has left the port of Havre, and then
charges freight and raises the price across the ocean more
than double ? Can vou tell what allowance is made to the
Canard line by the" British Admiralty for this purpose ?
Can you tell what allowance is made for the Antwerp line,
which has been just established in connection with the Cu-
nard line, in order to break down your commercial inter-
course with Europe t"
Doubtless that Government pays a much larger
sum than is apparent in any document we have
yet seen upon tlie subject. , Her policy is an in-
siduous one. She; moves secretly and stealthily
to the accomplishment of her purpose.
The capacity of the Collins steamers for war
purposes has - been contested on this floor. The
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
says that Commodore Skinner knows all about it.
I would like to know if the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, as we are upon the
deficiency bill, can tell if Commodore Skinner was
ever on board a steamet in his life ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Do you want an answer?
Mr. POLK. I do, sir.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEAN moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
i having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly the Sen-
ate amendments, to the deficiency bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have a bill
in my hand from the Committee on Public Build-
ings, " making appropriations for the public build-
ings and grounds, and for other purposes." I ask
the unanimous consent of the Housel.o report that
bill, in order that it may be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
printed.
There being no objection, the bill was received,
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CLINGrMAN, the House
then adjourned until to-morrow at 11 o'clock.
PETITIONS, Sec.
The following petitions, me'morials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE : Pioceedings of a meet-
ing of captains and owners of steamboats, held at the city
of Pittsburg, indorsing the proceedings of a steamboat con-
vention, held at Louisville, on the 7th of June, 1852.
By Mr. ROBBINS : The petition of John U. Ladden-
slager and M others, citizens of the county of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, asking Congress to so modify the act passed
September 28, 1850, as to give to each person intended to
be benclited thereby, not less than one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
By Mr. AVERETT: The petition of James Ran^eley,
praying for indemnity for French spoliations prior to 18U1.
By Mr. BERNHISEL: The petition of the Governor
and Legislative Assembly ot the Tenitory of Utah, asking
Congress to provide for the construction of a line of electro-
magnetic telegraph from some pointhn the Mississippi or
Missouri river, via Great Salt Lake City, to San Diego, San
Francisco, or Astoria, on the coast of the Pacific.
By Mr. STRATTON: The petition of William Robin-
son and 45 others, citizens of Atlantic county, IVew Jersey,
praying that the bounty land act of 1850 be so amended as
to give one hundred and sixty acres of land to each person
serving in the war of 1812.
By Mr. HENDRICKS: The petition of 320 citizens of
the county of Shelby, State of Indiana, praying the passage
of the House bill introduced by Mr. Stanly, entitled "A
' bill to authoiize the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit
1 with the several States the fourth installment of the de-
< posits of the public money directed to be made with said
' States by an act approved J une 23, 1836."
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 9, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. ATCHISON called the Senate to order,
and caused a letter to be read which he had re-
ceived from the President pro tempore, requesting
him to preside this day in the absence of the Pres-
ident.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BORLAND. I would ask the indulg ence
of the Senate for a few minutes, to make a per-
sonal explanation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the Senator can proceed.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask permission of the Sen-
ate to make a personal explanation, which is due
alike to others and myself, and which a sense of
propiiety will not permit me to delay.
In a speech upon the deficiency bill, delivered
by me here, on the 27th of May, and since pub-
lished in pamphlet form, 1 presented statements
of the receiptsand expenditures of the several Ad-
ministrations of the Government, from 1789 to
1851. Those statements appear in two tables,
marked A and B, on the 16tb,or last page of
the pamphlet speech. As the facts -which these
statements exhibit have been deemed of some
value, in the present aspect of public affairs, and
as that value is dependent upon their accuracy, I
have, at the suggestion of a respected friend, care-
fully revised them since their publication. I am
thankful to that friend for the suggestion upon
which I have done so; for it has enabled me to
discover an error, whieh 1 have now risen, at the
first available moment, to correct.
This error will be found in the table B, of ex-
penditures. Under thehead of " military service,"
the annual average of expenditure of Mr. Polk's
administration is set down at $23,053,600 24; and
that of the present Administration at $15,676,-
609 45.
Upon examination, it is found that these respec-
tive amounts are too large; and that they have
been made so, in the calculations, by inadvertently
adding into the column, the two next columns of
"Pensions and Indian Department." Deducting1
these amounts from their improperassociation, and
the true "annual average of Mr. Polk's administra-
tion, for " Military Service," is §20,122,220 46;
and that of the present Administration is $12,-
057,174 65.
The correction thus made in that column of the
table necessarily carries a reduction of the amounts
set down to the same Administrations, respect-
ively, in the column headed " Expenditures ex-
clusive of public debt," which, for Mr. Polk,
is set down at $36,708,601 39; but should be
833,777,221 61; and for Mr.'Fillmore, is set down
at |40,177,030, but should be $36,557,595 20.
'And reduces, also, the corresponding amounts in
the columnheade'd "Totalexpenditures," which,
for Mr. Polk, is set down at 443,897,916 51, but
should be $40,966,536 73; and for Mr. Fillmore
is set down at $55,442,481 00, but should be
$51,823,846 20. "
These corrections extend to pages 13 and 14 of
the pamphlet speech, where deductions from the
tabular statements will be found. Thus, in the
last paragraph of page 13, the sum of $23,053,600
must be reduced to $20,122,220; and $15,676,609
to $12,057,174. In the second paragraph, on
page 14, #3,416,762 must be reduced to $2,780,373.
In the fourth paragraph of the same page, $40,-
886,237 must be reduced to $38,321,880; and'in
the same paragraph, $709,207 must be increased
to $1,764,285. In the fifth paragraph of the same
page, $41,685,812 must be reduced to $38,066,377;
and in the same paragraph, $799,575 must be re-
duced to $255,503, and the word " more"must be
changed to the word "less." And in the same
paragraph, but at the top of the second column of
the page, $3,468,429 must be reduced to $2,720,-
374.
These errors, which I have now corrected,
although they run through a considerable number
of figures, and may seem to be numerous, are, in
fact, but parts of a single error, and consist in
deductions from it; and that single error, as I
have already stated, resulted from no want of
knowledge of the facts, and no purpose I could
have had to misstate them; but from an inadvert-
ence, by which, in the midst of a great number
and variety of estimates, and in the course of very
complicated calculations, two comparatively small
items were added into the wrong column.
To show that I could have had no motive to
commit the error, which I have now corrected, it
will be seen that it was made in the case of both
the administrations of Mr. Polk and Mr. Fill-
more, between which I was instituting a compari-
son under those particular heads of expenditure;
thus, making the former $23,053,600, when it
should be only $20,122,220; and the latter $15,-
676,609, when it should be only $12,057,174.
It will be observed, further, that the error, even
if left uncorrected, did not materially aid the pur-
pose for which I made the comparison, which ex-
hibited the extravagance of one Administration
by showing its expenditures and its circumstances
by the side of those of another. This error
