8 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. 1 intend to
vote against the amendment of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,} and against the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky*
[Mr. Marshall;} in fact, against all the amend-
ments proposing to reduce the appropriations in
this bill, unless the Committee of "Ways and
Means shall inform us through their chairman that
some deduction can be made; and, finally, sir, I
intend to vote for the passage of this bill. 3 do
not concur in the view taken by my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. SweetsrrJ that because, the gentle-
man from New Yoik, [Mr. Brooks,] and other
friends of the Administration, think proper to tell
us we are responsible for the appropriation, and
that the Administration is not, therefore we should
■vote against this bill.
At the last session of Congress, sir, the War
Department sent m its estimates, and this House
took the responsibility of cutting them down, thus
indicating to the Administration that the expendi-
ture in that branch of the public service was to be
confined within certain limits. For some reason,
certainly not yet explaimd to Con® res.*, or to the
country, the expenditure has exceeded the appro-
priation. They now come and ask for an addi-
tional appropriation, teliing us that it is necessary
for the public service. The question, therefore, is
not whether there has been a proper use made of
themoney already appiopriated, but whether your
soldieis and officers, who had nothing to do with
the disbursement uf this money, and who ren-
dered service to the country, shall he paid foi
their sen ices: Suppose that the Secretary of
War should seize upon the whole of this appro-
priation, and squander it, could this Government
refuse, therefore, fo pay iN soldiers3 (snot the
soldier entitled to £>S a month even if this money
had been unjustly and ineiputaUy disposed of3
Are they not entitled to their compensation? Is
not the commander of your armies entitled to com-
pensation.; .'be not our soldiers to be piovided
with clothing and shelter ? Xhrso are ihefjuestions
we are called upon to try ? is m>t the man who
furnishes your armies \vith ^>ork, .and Leefr and.'
clothing, entitled to his compensation 5 That is
a question you ore called upon to decide.
Now, ;ts to this matter of responsibility, I am
willing that the country shall dispose of it. Let
the country decide whether the Administration
shall confine the expenditures wiihm the appro-
priations. The Administration come and ask us
for this money; we are left no di^u-tion. Gentle-
men may talk of tins matter as they wi!'; penile-
men may vote against the bill, but there is not a
member of Coii:;iv^; who wili defe.it it hy fin*
No, sir: I l>ihe\e that gentlemen would fedf^r if
it c-iive jo that. They would noth'a^e voiirnrmy
sfrv.ng upon the fi\m?h-r; Ukv would" not Ir-ivc
their officers without pay: the/ would not punish
the innocent for the ac;s uf th  guilty. T'/v sYsend
[Mr. 0i\\\] is a gentleman of too hn>h a souse of
justice for that. 1 intend, sir, to vo'r- for the ex-
propriation; I intend to refer to my constituents
and the count i y for settlement, theque^ion whether
this Admiuistraf'on haw made a just propj-r
distribution of the money eppropi aitcd last ses-
sion.
If it shall appear that the appropriation was
too small the Administration v:W\ staid jusblied ■
in demand nr.';, and we shall be justified m voting,
it. ff the t>ppropj i.uion v.*ax sm'Tii icol, am! th* ,
money has been wasted, we shall siili ht- pjsi//ied
in voting for this bill. The country vdl not hold
the parties faultless who squandered the tnou'ju, 1
They must account. But on the othc-r hand, we
whall not be held Amklps* if we withhold jt>stic^
from the innocent _ If this money has heen snuan- !
dered, let the ,'rmlty be punished; hut do not '
withhold justice fiom the labororer bec-use your
own unfaithful purser has wasted your money. ■
The question was then taken upon the amend- :
ment to Mi? amendment,and it was rejected,
Mr. PRICE, f propose now, Mr, mi additional 1
amendment of £50,000, I am one of those IWr '
Chairman, who believe that our fron tiers YdVeVjot: ■
received the protection that they ot^ht to have had
during the last year: and therefore,'sir, 1 advocate
mueasing this appropriation. I, myself have
been upon the frontiers withm the last year- and '■
sir, I have witnessed the outiages committed by j
the Indians upon our borders, and have heard the '!
complaints of our people who are crvin/aWd 1
for protection. Sir, during this last year Califor- '!
nia has incurred an expense of nearly $1,000,000
for the protection of her own people, and keeping
down Indian insurrections; and yet we are told here
that we must diminish the appropriations, and
curtail the line of operations of our army. What
was the situation of the Executive of this coun-
try by the reduction of the appropriation for the
last year? Was it for him to diminish the out-
posts upon our frontiers? Could he have done so
at less expense than he has already incurred ?
No, sir; the movements of our troops by the
withdrawal of them from the frontier, would have
increased the expenditure of transportation and
the quartermaster's department far beyond what
has already been incurred. Such would have
been the case; and it was for him to wait the ac-
tion of this Congress, to know whether he is to be
sustained, and whether these outposts are to be
kept up. It would have been, sir, a sacrifice of
life and property beyond the contemplation of this
House, to have withdrawn the troops from our
fiontiers, and left our settlers to the merciless
tomahawk of the savages.
Sir, the gradual increase of expenditures of the
departments of the quartermaster, in my estima-
tion, in very readily accounted for from the extent
of our territory; from the extent of our line of
frontier posts; from the extent of the inland trans-
portation of provisions, which lias grown from
two cents a pound to sixteen cents a pound trans-
portation since 1845; and it clearly appeals to me,
from the small investigation which I have been
able to give this matter, that it is right and proper,
and that the expenditure of this department is
fully justified by the amount of service they have
pcfoimed. Si -, so far as the quartermaster gen-
eral is concerned, he is m no way responsible for
the expenditure; and, sir, as he clearly shows to
you by hn leport, the objects of the appropriation
were not diminished—he, by the report to the
Secretary ofWar, tells him that he cannotdinunish
his appropriation. Sir, it is for Congress to dimin-
ish the objects of the appropriation by diminish-
in;: the army which could not be sustained upon
. the. Cion.tiers as cheaply and as conveniently as it
would he shstaiTipd in-the. old States; but it is :
much more necessary and beneficial to the nation I
upon the frontier than anywhere else. Therefore, I
sir, I justify the President and the Secretary of 1
War, in the measures they have adopted, and the j
expenditures which they have incurred during the 1
last year; and I hope and trust that this House I
wjII vote the appropriations now asked foi. and I !
f hould like to see them go beyond it, for I believe ]
that the frontioi s require much greater protection i
than now hi afforded to them. I
Nov. , sir, what does General .Tesup say ? Here j
h; his language. It is the language of an intelli- !
cent, experienced, and zealous officer, who made
his estimate based upon the schedule given to him
by the President of the United States and the Sec-
retary ofWar.
In answer to the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House at the last session, General
Jesup says:
i staiL'd iht'u, as f now, tiia; this ^Miniate was
mad*1 on • a caiohil noiwdoiatjoij of all th" rui cum •-tail of
Pic «ervif'p, and a nmnUc calculation of it* want-., That
CfetmiatP was ictiinied to me foi i eduction; hut a* fhc objects1
o; <-\;>rn'iitiuc o\ cr which I have no contiol renamed the
mm<\ mul as / knrw every cent would be necos.«nj', un-
tc- < tluw> Objects v>ere ledum]. I coi^d make no mine-
non : to iuw done «<>, would have. b-'cn to deceive the K\--
• •ct'tiv. {'<> jiciw, and-the count i v. Money cannot he caved
fn eiatui.* otuMjtPs down, but tiie service itmy !>e embar-
aed atreaiages caa-ed by u; to c-avo money, objects
ol <'.poiK.ifu'C iniht be dispensed w ;th.
lr. CLEVELAND. I am opposed to tlii:
:m!men(, ami now wish to conclude what
IMj
.-tmemiment, and now wish to conclude what I
was about saying when the hammer fell before. I
want to call the attention of the committee to this
one fact. The Administration had a year's notice-
they were called upon to inform the Committee of
Ways asul Means in regard to the necessity for
this amount of expenditure, and I ask whether
they have done it? if they hare, it would he the
committee's duty to come in and say to the House
that all of this appropriation is necessary. If they
tt'oiiki slate that, there is not a member upon this I
floor who would not be willino to nmk« the "rant—
whether one million or ten millions. b
, ^T". CtENTRY. Do not the committee say
t.iat it 1=1 necessary,by reporting the bill, and rec-
ommenatns it '■
Mr. CLEVELAND, I understand the chair-
man to state distinctly, that there has been gross
| profligacy in the conduct of the Department, and
j hecharged it upon the President and the Secretary
I of War. If 1 nnisundBistood him, theie were
| others who misunderstood him in the same way.
i Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman wants it, 1
! will repeat what I did say—
j Mr GENTRY. 1 will say, if the chairman of
| the Committee of Ways and Means said that
which the gentleman has just stated, that he can-
not maintain it, or make it good.
Mr. CLEVELAND. All 1 have to add is this:
They had a year's notice that this branch of Con-
gress would require of them reasons for this ex-
travagant expenditure of money; and when they
were called upon by our eommittee to give reasons,
they were unable to do so, and yet demanded the
i appropriation of thisextiaordinary sum of money,
j That committee came in here, and, through their
j chairman, say that we fee! constrained to report
j the wants of the Government; but we tell you,
I gentlemen of the House of Representatives, that,
, in our judgment, both the Secretary of War and
the President are guilty of misconduct in regard to
; the expenditure of money that has been appropri-
ated. Nov/, with the time they have had to in-
J form the committee; with this declaration made
i by the committee; and, permit me to say, with the
disposition which is perfectly apparent upon the
part, of the committee to treat the Administration
i with the utmost fairness, it does seem to me that
[ they have been guilty of great neglect in not in-
forming that committee of the necessity for the
: appropriation which they aak nt onr hands. The
claim which is set up here by certain gentlemen—
t that is, for the President to take the responsibil-
I ity—an intimation which fell from my' worthy
; friend the Chairman of Ways and Means [Mr.
: Houston] on yesterday, and that they would not
have this large sum of money go over upon another
i Administration, I do not think was worthy of the
gentleman, and I do not think that it ought to influ-
ence the members of this committee. We have
statements here that our frontier is exposed; that
savages ore barbarously scalping and tomahawk-
■ ing women and children. If we have a system of
plunder of the public Treasury growingup in that
j Department, shall we not pause and try to arrest
i it, for fear that those cries which have been got-
; ten up for effect may operate against one party,or
I in favor of another party. I say, we are unwor-
: thy of seats upon this floor if we do not, under
almost any circumstances, endeavor to put a stop
J to corruption. It is our duty to settle whether
| the appropriations are just and right. I contend
| that the Llouse of Representatives yet holds the
I purse-strings; and when they let them go, toraay
j consideration—whether political, party, or othev-
I wise—the people ought to turn them out and put
; others in their places; put in men who would dare
j to stand up^ here and act upon the principle of
t right,regardless of consequences,political or other-
wise.
j _ I understand that the only matter we are trying-
: is, as to which paity is to he injuted the most by
the course we are to pursue, in regard to voting
the enormous deficiencies proposed in the bill. If
; this money is needed, I shall cast my vote for the
j granting ot it; if it is not needed, I will go against
, it, and let the consequences take care of themselves.
! I do not care whether the whole army is disband-
ed. Better have it uisbanded than have a system
( of favoritism growing up here—a system of fraud
( and peculation practiced, by which a ton of hay
i is put down as costing ^50, less being paid by the
officer, the change pocketed, and the Government
1 cheated out ot the money; better that it should be
disoanded, than such a system of abuse should
grow up under die patronage of the House of
; Representatives; for we have this matter all before
j us, and I admire the patriotism of the gentleman
from Kentucky. [Mr. Marshall,] who stands up
, here and says that, in the matter of protecting the
Treasury ot the country, that he knows no party.
He is an honorable man, and that was an honor-
able ana patriotic sentiment. It will do honor to
him long after he shall have left this Halt. We
ought all so to act. Above ail things, let us learn
the President and the Secretaries that we hold the
purse strings, and that they should not have the
control of the purse as well as the sword,
Ihe amendment to the amendment was then
rejected.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand the motion
made by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
