1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1701
caused me to overcharge each of those Adminis-
trations some three millions of dollars for army
expenditures, and show an expenditure by Mr.
Fillmore only some $8,000,000 less than by Mr.
Polk for " military services." As now correctly
stated, the difference is just $8,065,056 under that
head, and still shows that the peace administra-
tion of Mr. Fillmore, exclusive of the amount of
public debt paid, has cost the country $2,720,374
a year more than the war administration of Mr.
Po^t; and, including the public debt, $10,857,310
a year more!
I will add but a single reflection to this. We
were often told during- the war with Mexico, that
the Government would be made bankrupt by its
expenses. Some politicians, in a spirit of very
peculiar economy, refused, I think, to vote the ne-
cessary supplies to prosecute that war. And even
since its termination, jeremiads have not been
wanting to celebrate its ruinous expenses. In the
light of the figures I have exhibited, however,the
true character of the war in that respect, at least, is
so clearly shown, that the occupation of a class of
orators is gone, and certain "blue lights" have
paled their ineffectual fires. For while the war
with Mexico was as admirable for the wise econ-
omy of its financial as for the brilliancy of its mili-
tary conduct, it has been followed by a civil Ad-
ministration which, in a time of profound peace,
has increased the expenditures at least twenty-five
per cent, per annum ! So, if war at $40,000,000 a
year would have made the Government bankrupt,
what is to become of us now when peace costs us
$50,000,000?
A poet has somewhere said—
"Pcace has its victories as well as war."
Had that poet lived until now, the achievements of
this Whig Administration of ours would have en-
abled him to add with perfect truth—
And tlio' more bloodless, more expensive far.
To make this explanation the more intelligible
and clear to every mind which may have been for
a moment misled by my inadvertent error, I will
append to my remarks those parts of my former
speech which I have here corrected:
Extracts from speech, corrected.
" During Mr. Polk's war administration, the expenditures
for pur large army, on war service in a foreign country,
averaged $20,122,220 46; whereas, during Mr. Fillmore's
peace administration, with a mere skeleton of an army, we
have had to pay, for its mere support, $12,057,174 65 per
annum! And this without counting m the present year,
which, as far as can be ascertained, will greatly exceed tins
large average.
" During Mr. Polk's war administration, when the Navy
was kept always ready, and the most of it actively engaged
in sea service, and at the highest necessary expense, its
average expendituie was only $7,504,468; whereas, dunng
the three years of Mr. Fillmore's peace administration, with
many of our ships- neither needed nor engaged m active
seiviee, it has cost u^ $8,896,976 per annum—that is,
$1,39-2,508 for peace more than for war!
"Thus, striking the balance under these three heads
alone, we find that Mr. Fillmore's three years 1 pcace with
all the world" has cost us in actual money just $2,780,373 59
pet annum more than Mi. Polk's on« year of peace and
three yeais of war!—without counting the 523,070 square
miles of territory, embracing 1,000 miles of sea-coast, ac-
quired by the war."
*******
te To show that T am right m this, let us look at the items
of that account. During Mr. Polk's administration of four
years, the annual avei age of the puhhc debt created by him
was $11,733,974; while the annual avprage amount of the
same debt paid by him was $7,189,315; leaving an annual
balance against him of $4,^44,659—that is, an aggregate for
his whole term of $17,508,782, or about the amount (in-
cluding M>me $-200,000 of intcre&O which has Mnce been
paid to Mexico, under the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
But adding this whole-amount to that aheady chaiged to
his Adnnmstiation, and it catries in* annual average up to
$38,321,880, which ih only $1,764,085 more than I have
heretofore stated Mr. Filimose's to he.
" A similar statement for Mr. Fillmoie's administration
shows that he lias created for his three yeuis an annual
public debt of $10,878,233; while the annual average
amount of the same debt paid by lnm has been .^f),369,151,
leaving-an annual balance again&t him of $1 ,)0«,782—that
is, counting his full term of foui years, and in hbeiahty to
him as-aiming no more for this year than the1 average of the
other three, an aggregate of $6,035,128. This, added to
his other expenditures, as m the case of Mr. Polk, carries
Mr. Fillmore's annual Average up to $41,685,812, which
still leaves lnm, upon a final balance of cash accounts,
chargeable with expendituies $253,503, $-799,575 less lhan
Mr. Polk!
" But thi5?, if will he perceived, is not dealing fairly with
Mr. Polk's administration, upon the rule adopted in esti-
mating and compaung the expenditures of all preceding
Administiations. I have, in this particular estimate, done
this unfairness to Mr. Polk, that the friends of this Adminis-
tration should not have even a semblance of a pretext for
complaint; and to show thai even then, the balance was
in his favor against Mr. Fillmore. To state the account
fairly, however, as in the cases of all the other Admmistra- ;
tions, the whole puhlic debt m st he excluded, as well for
Mr. Polk as for Mr. Fillmore, and this lea\Tes the difference
as I originally and fairly stated it—that is, a balance against
Mr. Fillmore of $2,720,374 per annum"
e?o £v  2.^5^2.<5
= jfB 3 s-f = |
3: 25§P®§3£3'
a • " 3 r = • 3 3 g-5
Cu *   3 . 3 *
2: : 3:
r-.I HJ; i
s  'z.
53
ess
a'jicowto4-Mtooc;w
~-t Oi cj co"in
•4 Cy O v> CC O O w'
wowioaw^^-
> uova}""Io'a>iO' t\3 c
OitOCOAC-WOXi
M   vj o ^ to CO
M (O Oi Oi O C A
i^OOAO'M
— at
CO o
-J to
ooO'CsiriO)ai.ti - ©
Gi+~ C5JX CT3 — -! Oi
"cov!t.to asVj
Ci 00 -1 ■ C-' OI M Jj. CO
Ui-!35A^acO-UtO
Wei Wi6.®Mi:CO
-4 -4 O 10 A. C"< - > Ci
50 tO CD Oi O JTJ CO -J5 CO CO
OiHCCOOnOCCSCC^-l
o>ooooK^y<^^o!s^o^l-,
CnJC —I 00 H- cn J5SO ck> <0j~
w-iauosiO^CKC'-
Ht)iCOO)OU«vl(COC
CO tQ tO iO 13 *  
O -! Oi -3 CO Oi CC CO ©J.
i6 .O CO CM 5- I- CO -J «o
CO C5 iO O OT
"a> C7* o
ixwwacoasowtov'ji!
05a>C03505>£ .^C!lC00005
tO-vj>-'C0C0>-'iM3i0.k.<£5
Administration.
Civil list, foreign
intercourse, and,
miscellaneous.
Military servicp.
Revolutionary &
other pensions.
Indian Depait-
ment.
Naval establish-
ment.
Expenditures ex
-* elusive of pub-
lic debt.
Public debt-
paid.
Total expendi-
tures.
RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA.
By unanimous consent, Mr. GWIN informally
laid upon the table a substitute for the bill grant-
ing a donation of land for the construction of a
railroad m California; which was ordered to be
printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to give notice that I
shall ask leave to introduce a joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. • The Chair will
inform the Senator from Rhode Island, that this
being Friday, under the rule, and under the de-
cision of the Chair Heretofore made and acqui-
esced in by the Senate, no business can be enter-
tained unless the rule setting apart Fridays for the
consideration of private, to the exclusion of all
other business, shall be suspended.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the rule requiring
private bills to be taken up this day,to the exclu-
sion of all other business, be suspended, to enable
the Senate to take up the bill which we had under
consideration the day before yesterday—the bill
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam."
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will not agree
to that motion. There is no one who estimates
more fully than 1 do the importance of the bill
which has been introduced by the Senator from
Massachusetts. It is very important to insure its
passage during the present session of Congress;
but whether it is passed to-day or to-morrow,
cannot be of any consequence to the country at
large, or to any individual in the country. Ihope,
therefore, that the consideration of private bills
will not be dispensed with, for that or any other
purpose. During the pendency before the Senate
of the deficiency bill, jvhich is now under consid-
eration in the other House, I think there were
three Fridays appropriated -to its consideration.
Now, there cari be no reason why the bill sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts should
betaken up; on the contrary, even if private busi-
ness did not interpose, I would ask the Senator and
the Senate to postpone the consideration of that bill
for to-day. It relates to a matter in which the
whole country is deeply interested. I have sent
to the Board of Trade of Baltimore a copy of the
bill as amended, with the request that they would
indicate, so far as the practical men interested in
the subject may desire to do, any amendment
which may suggest itself to them. [ think it is a
measure which the practical men of the whole
country should have an opportunity of looking
into; and when we pass it, it should be made as
perfect as possible. It can be of no importance
whether it is passed to-day or to-morrow. It has
been suggested that there is a committee of gen-
tlemen here deeply interested in its passage, who
have taken some pains in furnishing statistical in-
formation; but, sir, they have al ready given all
the information which may be desired by the Sen-
ate, and 1 think they may go home perfectly sat-
isfied that the bill, amended so as to suit the views
expressed by other sections of the country, will
be passed during the present session of Congress.
I hope the execution of the order will not be sus-
pended.
Mr. DAVIS. It is always with reluctance that
I move to take up any business out of its regular
order, but I have been requested by a number of
Senators to make this motion this morning. They
are, as I am, anxious that this subject should be
disposed of. I should personally be very glad to
accommodate the Senator from Maryland, and all
gentlemen who wish to be heard upon it; but if
we are to wait for the dayt when every man who
may have some opinion about this matter will
come here to express it, no day of legislation will
come—no day of completion will come. Every
pains have been taken to collect public opinion,
to give a publicity to this measure, to spread ex-
tra copies of the bill everywhere over thecountry,
and there has been a delay of some four or five
months since the bill was reported, and I had
hoped that everybody who desired to do so would
have in that time come forward and expressed his
opinion. I hope the bill will be taken up and dis-
posed of to-day; but I will not consume the time
of the Senate any further in making arguments
about it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not voted, I believe,
during the session to supersede private business
set apart for Fridays; but I will do it this morn-
ing, believing that the bill proposed to be taken
up is more important than any other bill before
us. I will say further, that if I believed it would
take more than an hour to perfect it, I would not
vole to suspend the special order of business; but
I think we can take the bill up and dispose of it
within half an hour. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will withdraw his objection, and let us
take it up. If it takes over half an hour, I be-
lieye I may say that I will vote to postpone it; but
I think we shall dispose of it within an hour at
most.
Mr. PRATT. If any one will suggest a sensi-
ble reason why this bill should be taken up and
passed through to-day, I will yield with a great
deal of pleasure. Why is it? I have heard no
reason given. The gentlemen say they are anx-
ious to have it passed. Well, sir, every gentle-
man who has charge of a particular bill is anxious
to have it passed; bifPthat is not a reason why
the rules of the Senate should be abrogated to carry
out each one's special desire. This day is set
apart by a resolution of the Senate for the consid-
eration of private bills. The bill which it is desired
to take up, undoubtedly,from its very importance,
will be passed. There can be no doubt that the
country will be benefited by its passage, whether
it is taken up to-day or not; but if you let this
