1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1703
wish to have an opportunity to offer two or three
small amendments. 1 only ask that the bill may
be read for the information of Senators who were
not present when it was acted upon before.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will be read section by
section.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to inquire if the bill has
been reported to'the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was reported
to the Senate when it was last acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I suppose the first ques-
tion will be on concurring in the amendments re-
ported by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
first question.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask my friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] not to call for the
reading of the bill at this time; it will occupy a
considerable portion of the time of the Senate, and
will result in very little advantage. Perhaps the
shortest course, and that which would be most
acceptable to the Senate, and the most intelligible,
would be to take up these amendments in the order
in which they were made, and act upon them,
and, at the same time, act upon such other minor
propositions to amend as may be necessary to
perfect the bill. I find, on looking over it, that
there are two or three slight errors, typographical
and others, which will require correction; and, in
_order to insure accuracy, I think it will be well,
if it be the pleasure of the Senate, to take up the
amendments in consecutive order, and dispose of
them.
The" PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will take such action in regard to the matter as it
sees fit to adopt.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate will permit me, I
will move to amend the third line of the first sec-
tion, by supplying a verbal omission.
I move to insert the words " or enrollment"
after the word " register," so that the section will
read:
Be it enacted, #c., That no license, register, or enrollment
under the provisions of this or the act to which this is an
amendment, shall be granted, or other papers issued by any
collector, to any vessel propelled in whole or in part by
steam, until he shall have satisfactory evidence that all the
provisions of this act have been fully complied with ; and
if any such vessel shall be navigated, with passengers on
board, without complying with the terms of th#act, the
owners thereof, and the vessel itself, shall be subject to the
penalties contained in the second section of the act to which
this is an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair begs
to suggest, that it is not in order to propose any
new amendments to the bill, until those reported
by the committee have been disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. I am aware of that, but I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to make this
amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the amendments will now
be taken up and acted on in .their consecutive
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will be read in their order, and any amend-
ment which a Senator desires to amend, debate,
or modify, will be noted by the Secretary and re-
served. The vote will be taken upon those to
which no objection is made in the aggregate. .The
others will be taken up seriatim.
Mr. HALE. This is an exceedingly important
bill. I understand that it proposes to make a
number of very important alterations in the exist-
ing laws in relation to steamboats; and it appears
to me vastly more proper that we should adopt
the usual course, and read the bill section by sec-
tion. I am not aware that the bill has been read
through even once. I think the rules of the Sen-
ate require that it should be read,
Mr. RUSK. I will state to the Senator from
New Hampshire, that this bill has been under the
careful consideration of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Davis,] for one or two sessions
prior to the present session of Congress. He has
not only labored most arduously upon it himself,
but hehas consulted very extensively and patiently
with all parties interested—with engineers, cap-
tains of steamboats, and all parties familiar with
the use of steam. He has had consultations with
many of the most respectable owners of steam-
boats, many of whom are here, and with their aid
the bill has been perfected. They understand
this matter better than the Senate, or at all events
better, perhaps, than any one individual member
of the Senate, and they unanimously agree that
the bill, in the main,is correct. I understand that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
one or two slight amendments to make, so as to
make the bill correspond with amendments which
were made to it the other day, and also with the
views of the gentlemen I have adverted to. These
men are entirely disinterested. Many of them
are men "of great experience in matters of this
kind, captains of steamboats, some of them of
thirty-five years' standing, and most successful
navigators, and their views on such ati important
subject should not be disregarded.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state for the information
of the Senator from New Hampshire, that when
this bill was taken up, the reading of it commenced,
and was continued for nearly half an hour when
the Senate unanimously agreed to suspend the fur-
ther reading of it. All that part of it which is
now under consideration was read, and if it be
read again it will be very apt to share the fate of
other bills when being read, and gentlemen will go
to reading, and writing, and talking, and no atten-
tion will be paid to the reading of the bill. I do
not think it is at all necessary to read it again.
Besides, it strikes me that, as a matter of right, I
do not think this is exactly the point at which a
gentleman has a right to call for the reading of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is insisted
upon, the bill will be read s'ection by section, as I
think that is the usual course.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I understand it, the bill
has been considered by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and has been reported. If that
is so, then I think the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has no right to call for the reading of the bill
at this time. I will not say that the Senator would
not listen to the reading of it, but I will state that
my impression is, that if it were read section by
section, the Senator from New Hampshire would
not be able very much to improve it.
Mr. HALE. What.'
Mr. SHIELDS. I say that I think if the bill
were read again, the Senator from New Hamp-
shire would not be able to improve it very much.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
parliamentary course, in the judgment of the
Chair, will be to take up the series of amendments
in their order, and call upon the Senate to actupon
each amendment as agreed to in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HALE. I remember that I once asked to
have a bill read, which appropriated some thir-
teen or fourteen millions of dollars for the support
of the Navy; and it was considered a very con-
tumacious and factious act to ask for the reading,
and not to be ready at once to vote away that
sum. If there is anything in our rules, with re-
gard to the right of a Senator to call for the read-
ing of a bill, 1 should like to have it read. As to
the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Shields] that I cannot improve the bill, I will say
that I do not know whether I can or not till I try.
All I ask is to know whether I have a right to
have the bill read, or whether a majority may
push a bill through without reading. If they may,
it is time that the Senate should lpok around them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remark, that he is informed by the Secretary that
it is agreeable to usage to take up the amendments
in their order, and act upon them separately.
Mv. BRIGHT. The Chair is correct. The
parliamentary usage is, to take up the amend-
ments made in Committee of the Whole, seriatim,
and act upon them; and if any Senator has amend-
ments to offer, it is his privilege to offer them.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to actupon the amendments in their order.
The second section was then acted upon as
amended in the Committee of the Whole, by in-
serting in the third line the words <( appointed
under the provisions of this act;" and by adding
at the end of the section the following proviso;
Provided, however, If the structure of steamers navigating
rivers only be such, or the arrangement of the boilers or
maclimeiy be such, that the requirements aforesaid cannot,
without serious inconvenience or sacrifice be complied
with, inspectors may vaiy therefrom, if m their judgment
it can be done with safety.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
section, as amended, is as follows:
Sec. 2. And le it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the inspectors of the hulls of steamers, and the in-
spectors of boilers and engines, appointed under the pro-
visions of the act, to examine and see that suitable and safe
piavisions are made throughout Mich vessel to guard agatest
loss or danger from fire ; and no license or other papers
on any application shall be granted, if the directions of the
inspectors for preventing fires? are not complied with, or if
any combustible material, liable to take tire from heated
iron, or any other heat generated on board of such vessels
in and about the boilers, pipes, or- machinery, shall be
placed at less than eighteen inches distant from such heated
metal, or other substance likely to cause ignition, unless a *
column of air or water intervenes between such heated
surface and any wood or other combustible material so ex-
posed, sufficient at all times, and under all circumstances,
ro prevent ignition; and further, when wood is so exposed
to ignition, as an additional.preventive, it shall be shielded
by some incombustible material, in such manner as to
leave the air to circulate freely between such material and
the wood- Provided, however, If tlje structure of steamers
navigating rivers only, be such, or the arrangement of the
boilers or machinery be such, that the requirements afore-
said cannot, without serious inconvenience or sacrifice,
be complied with, inspectors may vary therefrom, if, in
■ their judgment, it can be done witli safety.
| The next amendment was to insert in the third
s section the words—
1 " And shall also have suitable provision for turning at
any time a current of steam into the hold."
; The amendment was concurred in.
1 The next amendment was to strike out the
| words—
j " Provided, however, That any steamer which shall not
j at any time carry r >ore fhaii fifty passengers, shall not be
lequtred to have more than two such pumps, one of which
| shall be prepared to work by steam as aforesaid,"
and insert—
Provided, That in steamers navigating rivers only, one of
the pumps aforesaid may be dispensed with, if the other
provisions for extinguishing fire are, in the opinion of the
inspectors, sufficient to secure safety.
The amendment was concurred in, and the sec-
tion, as thus amended, is as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every vessel so
propelled by steam, and carrying passengers, shall have not
less than three forcing pumps, of at least six-inch chamber,
two to be worked by hand, and one by steam, if steam can
be employed, otherwise by hand, one whereof shall be
placed near the stern, one near the stem, and one amidship,
each having a suitable, well-fitted hose, of at least two
thirds the length of the vessel, kept at all times in perfect
order, and ready for immediate u«e ; each of which pumps
shall also be supplied with water by a pipe connected
therewith, and passing through the side of the vessel, so
low as to be at all tunes in the water when she is afloat,
and shall also have suitable provision for turning at any
tjme a current of steam into the hold: Provided, That in
steamers navigating rivers only, one of the pumps afore-
said may be dispensed with, if the other provisions for ex-
tinguishing fire are, m the opinion of the inspectors, suffi-
cient to secure safety. ,
The next amendments were to strike out from
the eighth, ninth, and tenth lines of the fourth
section the words—
—"and having a canvas fender around the gunwale filled
with coik of not less than six inches in diameter."
! And from the twenty-first line the word "small,"
' before the words " steamers of light draught."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. The next amendment is to in-
sert after the word " rivers," in the twenty-sec-
ond line, the words—
—" and also to allow any other steamers, navigating riv-
ers only, to carry but one metallic life-boat, the same being
of suitable model and dimensions."
I wish to make a slight modification of that
amendment, so that it may not be misinterpreted.
I wish to strike out the word " metallic," at the
end of the twenty-third line, and insert after the
word " dimensions," in the twenty-fifth line, the
words "and made of metal." That alteration
I will make the amendment read without a doubtful
construction. Otherwise it would he doubtful as
: to the specific kind of life-boat to be used.
j The amendment to the amendment was ■
! '"'Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make an in-
1 quiry, relative to the metallic life-boats, of the
l Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis.] The
fourth section provides, that all steamships carry-
' in0" passengers shall be furnished with two boats,
oneofwhichshallbeametalliclife-boat. Thepomt
1 of inquiry is this: Whether, if this bill passes,
I all these steamers will not be obliged to procure a
: life-boat which has been patented r The senate
i will perceive that ifj.ll the owners of steam-ves-
; gels are compelled to" et a particular kind of boat
i which has been patented, that fact alone would
; be worth a million of dollars to the patentee. 1
! do not know that this would be the c0"®t™ctl?n
| placed on that section, or that such would be the
I effect of the bill if it becomes a law; but 1 should
like to hear the construction put on this section
I by the Senator from Massachusetts. He has at-
