1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
839
profit of $6,000 ovet and ahove the necessary ex-
penses. Whilst our troops arc thus engaged in
the small, paltry, and pitiful work of trying to
-support themselves, gentlemen come here and I
talk of extravagance. Sir, as a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I challenge these
gentlemen—not in a five-minutes' speech, but
hereafter in Committee of the Whole—to place
their fingers on an instance of extravagance. I
can show that their own Administration—Mr.
Polk's administration—expended more, in an un-
authorized way, in the quartermaster's depart-
ment, than has ever been expended by this Ad-
ministration.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
says that the President, ought to dismiss the Sec-
retary of War and all the heads of bureaus, be-
cause, forsooth, the army costs more than was
appropriated for it.
[Here the hummer fell.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. VENABLE submitted a pro forma amend-
ment, and stud: I rise simply to say what I think
is due to myself, to the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and to the country. I
wish to make an explanation in reference to the
vote which I gave upon this subject during the
last session of Congress. I then voted for reducing
the estimates one half, whilst we were warned at
the time that if we made that reduction we would
have to pass a deficiency bill. I find, sir, that I
«rred in voting to reduce those estimates one half.
"We required the Administration to raise new regi-
ments, and to place them on the frontier for the
purpose of executing the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, by protecting the Mexicans from the
inroads of the Indians. If we withhold the means
of support, we require them to send our troops
to the frontiers, and expose them to danger with-
out arms, equipments, bread, or provisions.
Sir, I take this occasion to say that I iegret the
vote I then gave. We cut down the estimate ex-
actly one half. We were warned at the time, that
we would have to pass a deficiency bill. Sir, I
-decline to make allusion to party tactics on a ques-
tion of this sort. It ought not to be a party ques-
tion whether the gallant soldiers shall be clothed,
and fed-, and our frontiers protected from the in-
roads of savages, and it never shall be with me.
I will not suggest an unkind insinuation against
the integrity of such men as Persifer F. Smith,
and Hitchcock, and Sumner. I am proud of the
army of the United States, and of the high integ-
rity and gallant bearing of the officers who com-
mand it- A man like General Jesup, whose valor
and honor are recorded on every page of the his-
tory of our country for the last thirty years, is not
to be denounced for supporting and sustaining
troops raised under our own laws, and by our own
orders. It ouffht not to be made a party ques-
tion. The question is whether we shall not clothe
and feed men that we have enlisted, and sent to
our frontiers for the purpose of protecting our
frontiers? Whether we shall stand up to our treaty
obligations with Mexico, or suffer these troops
chat we have sent out there to be sacrificed and to
perish?
I shall sustain my friend at the head of the
Committee of Ways and Means. I have before
me the estimates which were cut down last year,
and the communication of the Secretary in which
lie states specifically the amounts necessary.
The transportation of stores and equipments
across trackless deserts, far from civilization and
its comforts, amidst the dangers arising from scar-
city of water and the assaults of savages, must be
necessarily expensive. But we placed the troops
there by our own laws—our treaty obligations to j
defend the frontiers of Mexico from the inroads I
of the hostile tribes which infest them, required j
that they should be there. We cannotshrinkfrom '
the expenses of sustaining them. Let it be re-
membered that we, by law of the last session, in-
creased the companies from forty-four to seventy-
four men, and raised a regiment of mounted men
without a conespondent increase of the means of
support; and whilst I would most promptly hold
the Administration responsible for all its faults
and failures, I am not disposed to make an attack
where the defense is so obvious, and completely
in the hands of those I would assail. At least I
am not inclined to select gallant soldiers, far from
home, and surrounded by perils, as the subject of
my experiment in a party conflict. I will notcur-
tail their rations, or diminish their comforts to pre-
sent an issue of mal-admmistration before the
country.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have taken but
little part in the discussion touching the deficiency
estimates forthe quartermaster's department. The
gentleman from North Carolina, who has just taken
his seat, says that we must support and feed the
army. Sir, these estimates are not for that pur-
pose. The commissary general of subsistence
submitted his estimates at the last session of Con-
gress, and doing so, he made his estimate for every
man that the law authorized to be in the army,
and some two or three hundred more than were
actually in service. He estimated each man's ra-
tions to cost twenty cents, and, as he himself says,
this covers the increased cost of contracts to have
the rations delivered in the new countries. Yes,
sir, and what is the fact concerning- all this noise
about protecting the women and children on this
frontier. I have here the report of the Adjutant
General, by which he shows that there are over
two thousand troops in the military district of
Texas. We have also a report from one of the
assistant quartermaster's there, who says that he
has collected information under the instructions of
the quartermaster general, and that it is believed
there has been a great mistake as to the number
of the Indians on that frontier. He says that if
the reports of those who have been entrusted with
this duty are to be relied upon, all the Indians of
every tribe, a<*e, and sex visiting that military dis-
trict do not exceed the number of four thousand
persons. That fact has been reported to us.
Now, sir, I say that when, at the last session,
Congress had appropriated to this quartermaster's
department nearly two million four hundred thous-
and dollars, they should have so conducted them-
selves as to have kept the expenditures of the de-
partment within the appropriation g;iven to them.
They ought not to have ordered the army about
from place to place, incurred liabilities, and then
come here to tell you that the faith and honor of
the Government are pledged. I say that none of
them, from the President down to the Assistant
Quartermaster, have a risht to contract liabilities !
and bind this Government to foot up their bills, j
Thev should have stopped the army and let the ■
responsibility for the ills resulting to the country :
come where it ought to be—here—upon the repre-
sentatives of the people. I, for one, would be
willing to take it.
Sir, if gentlemen think that there are none here
who would vote against this bill, if their votes
could reject it, let them so count noses and bring
it to the'test, and 1 have the control of one vote
that will defeat it if it comes to that.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ven-
ule's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to reduce
the amount to $94.
I merely wish to correct an error, into which the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Eva.vs-1 and the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Venable]
seem to have fallen in respect to the action of the
Committee of Ways and Means during the last
session of Congress. The gentleman from Alary-
land says, and the gentleman from North Carolina
repeats his statement, that although the army was
increased largely, yet that we reduced the appro-
priation for its support. He seemed to imply that ;
the basis of our reduction was the estimates sent :
in before the increase in the army was made, j
Such, however, was not the ca«!e. After Congress j
had increased the army, the Committee of Ways j
and Means called upon the War Department to ,
reform these estimates to conform with this in- ;
crease; and these estimates were accordingly in- j
creased upwards of $1,500,000—I do not recollect
the precise amount. It was upon the basis of i
these increased estimates, made necessary by this {
augmentation of the armv, that our reduction was j
made. It was not, as those gentlemen seem to j
imply, upon the original estimates sent in, to pro-
vide for the army upon its old organization, but
upon its new.
Mr. GENTRY. I have just a word or two to
say. It seems to be assumed in this debate, that
the fact of Congress having: reduced the estimates
for the military service of the country, during the
last session, created an imperative obligation upon
| the part of the executive branch of the Govern-
ment, to so arrange matters as not to be under the
necessity of asking an appropriation for the sup-
ply of deficiencies such as we have now before us 
It is assumed by some, that to come here under
such circumstances is a very great insult or in-
dignity to this House—that it is exceeding the
powers recognized as existing in the Executive,
if it is not absolute usurpation. Now, it is most
remarkable that any gentleman should entertain
such a thought as that upon this floor. I do not
remember a single session of Congress, for the
last six or eight years—if there has been one I
have forgotten it—that such deficiencies have not
been created. This has especially been so since
the fiscal year was changed by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask my colleague
if he can specify one single case since the year
1844, when the fiscal year was changed, in which
a deficiency like this has been created where Con-
gress had cut down their estimates—had positively-
refused to grant them in full?
Mr. GENTRY. I do not remember a case so
precisely analagous, but I do not perceive that the
principle is changed in the slightest degree. What
did Congress mean by cutting* down those esti-
mates at the last session? Why, those gentle-
men who were the most prominent in inducing
that result, affirmed that they were taking a leap
into the dark. These estimates seemed enormous,
and they thought reform ought to be introduced
somewhere, and that it was the duty of Congress
to use every exertion in its power to correct abuses
and to introduce reforms, and they concluded to
commence with this Department of the Govern-
ment. But you did not authorize the Executive
to withdraw your army in New Mexico. Yethe
could not do it without the authority of Congress;
and Congress could iaot withdraw that army,
placed there to carry out the treaty stipulations
with Mexico, without a breach of faith, and with-
out covering itself with dishonor and infamy.
You called upon the Executive to correct those
abuses, and to introduce reforms; and he has made
an effort to do so. Your, gallant army has been
made to raise potatoes and cultivate corn-fields,
instead of engaging in those military pursuits
more adapted to their tustes. Then, who are the
leaders of your army: Who is Persifer F. Smith}
Who is General Jesup? Both of them Democrats?
I am ashamed to mention such a fact in discus-
sion; but there is not a man in the army, who,
for honor, chivalry, a«d military skill, stands
higher than Persifer Smith. I am proud to bear
such testimony to his character. Who are Hitch-
cock and Sumner, commanders in New Mexico
and Texas? Is it from their supervision that such
abuses exist? Do you assume that these men are
scoundrels, and engaged in the base work of try-
ing to swindle their Governmentoutof its money?
Are the whole Army of the United States and its
officers who have borne their country's flag with
s;lory everywhere, and than which no nation ever
boasted such high metal, the scoundrels? Is that
the return you give them for their noble and glo-
rious deeds? And do you intend to withhold
from the appropriations necessary to furnish them
with supplies? Do you intend to repudiate your
obligations to protect the territory you have ac-
quired? Aye, gentlemen, there lies the rub. You
want to shrink from the consequences of your
own policy. You cannotadd more territory with-
out more expense, and f^reat expense. You can-
not reduce your expenditures for your army while
you continue to extend your territory, for this
increase of expenditure has been brought upon us
by the increase of your territory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move to strike
out the whole appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest
that that amendment is not in order at this time.
Mr. CABELL. Then I propose to reduce the
amount to five dollars.
I do not propose at this time to make a live
minutes speech. 1 arise for the purpose of infor-
mation, and I deem it entirely irrelevant to discuss
the question of the abuses that exist- in the army
of the United States upon our frontier. We all-
know that abuses exist, and must continue to-
exist, in every department of the Government,
and for which the Administration is not respon-
sible.
