1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
ready stated to me his views on this subject in
private conversation; but I would be gratified if
he would state them again for the benefit of the
public.
Mr. DAVIS,. I would state, for the informa-
- tion of the Senate, that I have endeavored to draw
up this bill so as to avi>id compelling the owners
of steamboats to purchase any patent, from any-
body. I am aware of the difficulty of compelling
a large class- of persons to purchase a patented ar-
ticle, and understand the effect of this quite as
well as the Senator does. I have been entreated,
from various quarters, to adopt a particular course
with respect to the patent; but I have the assur-
ance of Mr. Francis himself, again and again,
that he does not claim the patent of making me-
tallic life-boats; he claims only the right of making
a life-boat with corrugated iron, in a new and pe-
culiar way. He has stated, again and again, that
anybody can construct a metallic life-boat without
interfering with his patent. My opinion is, that
this section does not interfere with his patent. If
I thought that it did, I should abandon it at once.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Iam satisfied.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment as amended, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The section, as thus amended, then stood as fol-
lows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every such
vessel carrying passengers shall have at least tvvo boats
supplied with oars, in good condition at all times for sei-
viee, one of which boats shall be a metallic life-boat, fire-
proof, of approved model, not less than twenty-five feet
long, six feet six inches wide, and tvvo feet deep, and in all
respects a good, substantial, safe sea-boat, capable of sus-
taining, inside and outside, fifty persons, with life lines at-
tached to the gunwale at suitable distances. And every
such vessel carrying more than fifty passengers shall also
have a similar boat for every additional fifty passengers, or,
instead thereof, for every such number, a good, substantial,
safe, wooden life-boat, of suitable model, fitted with life-
lines, in manner aforesaid, and capable of sustaining, in-
side and outside, that number of persons: Provided, how-
ever,.Th&t ferry and tow-boats shall be exempt from the
obligation to carry the life-boats herein provided for; and
the inspectors aro hereby authorised to grant a like dispen-
sation to steamers of iight draught, navigating small or
shallow rivers, and also to allow any other steamers navi-
gating rivers only to carry but one life boat, the same being
of suitable model and dimensions, and made of metal:
Provided, They shall be folly satisfied that such steamers
have other provisions for the preservation of life in case of
fire, which are amply sufficient for that purpose.
The next amendments were in the fifth section, *
in which the words, " except ferry-boats," and
the words " or other equally suitable material, or
in the place of such hfe-preservers, floats, if as
well adapted to the purpose," were proposed to
be inserted,.and the word " or," before the word
" copper," stricken out.
Tne amendments were concurred in, and the
section, as amended, is as follows:^
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That every such
vessel carrying passengers, except feriy-boats, shall also be
provided with a good life preserver, made of cork, double
un, copper, or otner equally suitable material, or m the
place of such life-preservers, floats, if as well adapted to
the purpose, for each and every person on board, which
life-preservers shall always be distributed and kept in read-
iness in the bet ths and state-rooms for the benefit of passen-
gers occupying the same, and also in the most conspicuous
and suitable place for all others; and shall also keep after
the rate of eight fire buckets and throe axes for every hun-
dred tons measurement of the vessel, which shall always
be kept distributed in a suitable manner and in good order,
ready to be used in case of fire.
The next amendment was to add the following
as an additional section, which was concurred in:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That every such
vessel carrying passengers on the main or lower deck shall
be provided with sufficient means convenient to such pas-
sengers for their escape to the upper deck in case of fire or
other accident endangering life.
The next amendment was to strike out, in the
seventh section, the words, " nor shall powder,
* oil of turpentine, or materials which ignite by
* friction, be carried by any such vessels as freight;
i and when kept on board as stores, they must be
' placed in metallic vessels," and insert the fol-
lowing:
Except in state-rooms or apartments where no burning
light is allowed to be used; no loose hemp shall be carried
on board any such vessel, nor shall bated hemp be carried
on the deck or the guards there^ unless the bales are com-
pactly pressed and well covereifwith bagging, or a similar
fabric j nor shall gunpowder, oil of turpentine, or materials
which ignite by friction, be carried on board any such ves-
sel as freight, except in cases of special license "for that pur-
pose, as hereinafter provided; and all such articles kept on
board as stores shall bp secured in metallic vessels : and
every person who shall knowingly violate any of the pro-
visions of this section, shall pay a penalty of {§100 for each
offense, to be recovered by iicUon of debt in any court of
competent jurisdiction.
Mr. BROOKE. I would suggest a slight amend-
ment to the amendment, by inserting after the
word " oil," the words " or spirits," so ae to in-
clude spirits of turpentine as well as oil of turpen-
tine.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. . ;
Mr. CLARKE. I move to amend the amend-
ment still further, by inserting after the word
" turpentine," the words " oil of vitriol." That
is an article which is carried in carboys, on board
steamers ,_and is really as combustible as any other
article, and as dangerous an article of transporta-
tion as can be found.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest that there are
various other kinds of fluid which are equally com-
bustible as spirits of turpentine, such as camphene
and other burning fluids, from which great inju-
ries often occur. I think the whole family of them
should be treated alike. ■
Mr. DAVIS. I quite agree to that. I know
these articles are as dangerous and explosive as
gunpowder. In the original section these articles
were inserted, and if any gentleman chooses to in-
sert them here, I have no objection.
Mr. HALE. I propose, then, to insert after
the word " turpentine," the words " camphene or
other burning fluids."
Mr. SHIELDS. That will exclude whisky.
Mr. HALE. Some of my friends think that
will cut off whisky; but I believe the words "burn-
ing fluid " are well known in commerce, and have
a significance of their own.
' Mr. DAVIS. 1 would observe to the Senator
from New Hampshire that some burning fluids
are explosive,.and some are not.
Mr. CHARLTON. I would suggest that the
words used, be " other explosive burning fluids."
Mr. HALE. 1 know it is difficult to agree on
such details; but there is a great deal of contro-
versy as to whether these burning fluids are or are
notexplosive. We know that they are sometimes
said not to be so, and the first demonstration which
we have that they are explosive, is made by an
actual explosion, and as a consequence, a loss of
life by them in many cases is the result. The
term is well enough understood, I think. I think
it will be better to leave out the word " explosive."
Mr. CHARLTON. I withdraw my sugges-
tion.
Mr. DAYIS. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will consent to adopt the word "ex-
plosive."
Mr. HALE. Very well; I agree to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then concurred
in, and the section, as amended, is as follows:
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That no curtains made
of cotton, or of any material alike combustible, shall be sus-
pended m any such vessel carrying passengers, except in
state-iooms or apartments where no fire or burning light is
allowed to be used ; no loose hemp shall be carricd on board
any such vessel; nor shall baled hemp be carried oh the
deck or guards thereof, unless the bales are compactly
pressed and well covered with bagging or a similar fabric;
nor shall gunpowder, oil or spirits of turpentine, oil of vit-
riol, camphene, or other explosive burning fluid, or mate-
rials which igoite by friction, be earned on board any such
vessel as freight, except m cases of special license for that
purpose as hereinafter provided; and all such articles kept
on board as stores, shall be secured in metallic vessels; and
every person who shall knowingly violate any of the pro-
visions of this section, shall pay a penalty of $100 for each
offense, to be recovered by action of debt in any court of
competent jurisdiction.
The next amendment was a new section.
Mr. HALE. I moveto amend theamendment,
by inserting, after the word " oil," the words, " or
spirits;" and also after the word "turpentine,"
the words, " camphene, or other explosive burn-
ing fluids." This will make the section corre-
spond with the last section, as just amended.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two
blanks in the amendment, which ought to be filled
up before the question is taken upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know what were the
views of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Gey-
er,] but I wish that some gentleman would sug-
gest some suitable amount and time. I propose
to fill the first blank with the words, " one hun-
dred dollars."
Mr. HALE. That sum is not large enough.
I think it ought at least to be one thousand. Sup-
pose that a captain of a steamboat violates the
provisions of this act, so that the whole of a boat's
crew and.passengers are burnt up, as in the case
ef the Griffith, opposite Cleveland last year, what
a paltry consideration is a hundred dollars! I
think it ought to be at least one thousand, and
with the words, "not exceeding, "the penalty can
be modified at the discretion of a court. I move
to fill up the first blank with the words, " one
thousand dollars."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to fill the second blank
by inserting the word, " eighteen."
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
adoption of the new section, as thus amended, and
it was concurred in.
The section, as amended, is as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That hereafter all
gunpowder, oil or spirits of turpentine, camphene, or other
explosive burning fluid, and materials -which ignite by
friction, when packed or put up for shipment or sale, shall
be securely packed or put up separately from each other
and from all other articles, and the package, box, cask, or
vessel containing the same, shall be distinctly marked on
the outside with the name or description of the articles
contained therein; and every person who shall pack or
put.up, or cause to be packed or put up for sale or ship-
ment, any gunpowder, oil or spirits of turpentine, cam-
phene, or other explosive burning fluid, or materials
which ignite by friction, otherwise than as aforesaid, or
shall deliver to any person any package, box, cask, or ves-
sel containing either of the articles aforesaid, not marked
as aforesaid, or shall ship or offer to ship the same on board
of any Steam-vessel carrying passengers^shall be1 deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and punished by a fine not ex-
ceeding $1,000, or imprisonment not exceeding*eighteen
months, or both.
The ninth section was amended by inserting
in the sixth line, after the word " collector," the
words " or other chief officer;" by inserting after
the word " customs," in the sixth line, the words
" together with the supervising inspector for the
district;" by striking out the word " alone," in
the tenth line, and inserting " or other chief offi-
cer of the customs and the supervising inspector
for the district;" by inserting the word " in" be-
tween "Burlington" and "Vermont," in the
eighteenth line; by striking out " President," in
the thirty-ninth line, and inserting instead "Sec-
retary of the Treasury."
Mr AAVIS further moved to amend the fiftieth
line by.striking out all thewordsin itafler " for."
When the bill was under consideration in Commit-
tee of the "Whole, the words "4iot exceeding" had
been stricken out, and the word " deck"had been
interpolated before " passengers," and following
the word " passengers" the words " and (blank)
cabin passengers;" the amendment to the amend-
ment proposed to strike outall but the word "pas-
sengers," and it was agreed to.
The first clause of the section, as amended,
therefore reads as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That instead of the
existing provisions of law for the inspection of steamers
and their equipment, and instead of the present system of
pilotage and the present mode of employing engineers, the
following regulations shall be observed, to wit: The col-
lector or other chief officer of the customs, together with
the supervising inspector foi the district, and the president
of the Chamber of Commerce, if there be one, otherwise
the president of the Board of Trade, if there be one, other-
wise the collector or other chief officer of the customs and
the supervising inspector for the district in each of the fol-
lowing collection districts—namely, New Orleans and St.
Louis, on the Mississippi river; Louisville, Cincinnati,
Wheeling, and Pittsburg, on the Ohio river; Buffalo and
Cleveland, onLake Erie ; Detroit, on Detroitriver; Nash-
ville, upon the Cumberland river; Chicago,'on Lake Mich-
igan ; Oswego, on Lake Ontario; Burlington, m Vermont;
and Mobile, in Alabama—shall de>igridte two inspectors of
good character and suitable qualifications to perform the
services required of them by this act withm their respective
districts; one of whom, from his piactical knowledge of
ship-building, and the uses of steam in navigation, shall be
fully competent to make a reliable estimate of the strength,
sea-woithiness, and other qualities of the hulls of steamers
and their equipment, deemed essential to safety of life and
property, when such vessels are employed in navigation,
to be called the Inspector ofHulls; the other of whom from
his knowledge and experience of the duties of an engineer
employed in navigating vessels by steam, and also m the
construction and use of boilers, and the machinery and ap-
purtenances therewith connected, shall be able to form a re
liable opinion of the quality of the material, the strength,
form, workmanship, and suitableness of such boilers and
machinery to be employed m navigation without hazard to
life or property, from imperfections in the material, work-
manship, or arrangement of any part of such apparatus for
steaming, to be called the Inspector of Boilers ; and these
two persons thus designated, if approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury, shall be, from the time of such designation,,
inspectors, empowered and required to perforin the duties
herein specified, to wit:
Fvrst. Upon application in writing by the master or own-
er, they shall, once in every six months*at least, carefully
