840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
Mr. Chairman, there seems to be a misunder-
standing in regard to ihe character of thia de-
ficiency. It has been stated and asserted posi-
tively, that the deficiency for which we are now
asked to make an appropriation, is for debts
a!ready contracted by this Government. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] said, in his speech
yesterday, that "the Secretary of War, in defi-
' ance of the manifest determination of. Congress,
* the law-making power of the people, not only
' expended that $1,500,000 refused him by the
• last Congress, but §2,500,000 more than the sam
•allowed him; and he comes forward now to ask
' of this Congress to give him thia $2,500,000,and
' $1,000,000 more, under the pretext of deficiency,
^' the gentleman from New York, at the same time
'' telling us that the responsibility is not witli the
' President, but with Congress;" and the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] says the
Secretary of War had gone on and expended the
money that Congress had refused him. Again,
the gentleman from Tennessee, who addressed the
House a little while ago, says that this money is
asked for to meet the contracts already made by
the Secretary of War, in defiance of the manifest
will of Congress. Now, sir, I cannot believe this
is true; if it had been true, I cannot believe the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
would have introduced here a bill making this ap-
propriation. If these officers have violated the
law, they should be held to a strict accountability.
But when gentlemen make these charges, it is
essential that there should be an explanation. For
if they are true, I will not vote for the appropti-
ation without holding the parties responsible.
And that I understand to be materially the posi-
tion of my friend from Kentucky, ["Mr. Mar-
shall.]
Now, I have seen this impression made upon
the minds of many gentlemen by these statements;
but I have been informed by a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, sitting near me,
[Mr. Brooks,] that, so far from this being the i
case, that not one contract has been made, not one
single liability has been incurred. The Secretary
of War has expressly etoteil that no we«
to be drawn upon the Government; that no debt is
now due by that department. I ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, or some
member of that committee, to state how that is.
I appeal to the gentleman who sits near me [Mr.
Brooks] to give some light upon the matter.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Florida. [Mr. Cab-
ell,] My only object in doing it is to answer
the gentleman's interrogatory.
The Executive—and 1 said the same thin?- in
my remarks the other day—has not spent 'one
cent beyond what Congress has appropriated, a; d
he cannot spend omTcent beyond that. Con-
gress during the last session cut down the esti-
mates the enormous sum of £2,315,090. Never
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cab-
ell's amendment to reduce the appropriation five
dollars, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar.
It is not the poult before this committee whether
we will feed and clothe the soldiery. That is a
false issue, made up upon this floor It is a false
expenditure of patriotism. Thejioint before the
committee is not whether A, E, or C,—whether
Sumner, Jesup, and others, were valhant and
distinguished men—God knows, that if I were
to speak my own sentiments—if 1 had the time
to do it npon this s>r any other occasion—I would
be willing to twine around their brows a wreath
of glory that should remain with them till time
should be no more. It is not a question of keep
that? Will gentlemen tell me whether the armies
that are now upon the frontier of Mexico are to
be withdrawn, or whether they are to remain there
without means of subsistence? Will gentlemen
tell «ie what is to become of our forces m Oregon,
stationed for the protection of our citizens there?
if we can withhold this appropriation, and no bad
consequence result to our army and to the service,
in consequence of this mode of inflicting punish-
ment upon the Administration, I am, for one, pre-
pared to inflict it. But, if by means of such inflic-
| lion, I shall do more injury to the country than good
by saving this money, I will not consent to do it.
Why, sir, we are in the very common situation of
a man who has employed a steward, and has sup-
1 plied him with all the means necessary to conduct
his farm for twelve months, and that steward, un-
g that money from the officers or soldiery of J1 faithful to his trust, has expended in six months
P rniintrv \Aflin Haq rwnnneo/i <311 1i
the country. Who has proposed such a thing
That was the patriotism of the gentleman from
, North Carolina, [Mr. Venable.] That was the
patriotism of my friend from Tennessee, [Mi*.
Gentry.] This is simply a question of whether
or not you shall increase the amount of expendi-
tures in the quartermaster's department. What
is the quarteimaster's department? It is the de-
partment for the purchase of wagons, and teams,
and mules, and supplies—not of provisions, but
the mere buying and transportation of horses,
mules, wagons, and similar species of property,
it is not a commissary's department, but a differ-
ent one entirely.
Mr. Chairman, we reduced the estimates for
the War Department, during the last session,
$>2)000,000; and what does the commissary's de-
partment? Why, they took us at our word and
reduced their expenses $700,000.
A Member. Jjs00,0()0.
Mr. GORMAN. A gentleman says $800,000.
Well, sir, did we hear complaints lrom that de-
partment? Do we hear that we, did not provide
enough for the transportation of'their provisions
to Oregon, or New Mexico, or Texas > That has
not been the complaint; but the complaint has
been, that thoy have not soldiers enough of the
rigUt kind. We do not propose to take a single
morsel from the" mouth- of a soldier, or a single
dollar from his pay. Why, we curtailed one of
the departments of the Government, which the
Secretary of War says is known to be corrupt;
or, to use his own language, "it is known that
abuses have crept in." A million or dollars, and
upwards; and what was the effect? It has been
that they come here now, and confess that they
call do, annually, with $1,000,000 less than they
! did before. Now, what has produced that change?
; Now, we propose to reduce it again. You have
your wagons there, and they are not worn out.
You have your horses, your mules, your team-
sters, your men, and your wagon-masters already
there; and cannot you economize in the expenses
of your quartermaster's department ? Cannot
out°rewn 'orrhvmp^vpn'"^!1'1 slllslm,S with" I tlley economize"in'the'purchase ofsuch property
out reason, or Uiyme even, ihe quartermaster j as they are compelled to purchase? The gentle-
general now asks Congress to supply what was
then cut down, to the amount of $2,066,000. This,
however, the Committee of Ways and Means do
not give him, for thev have again cut him down
to less than $2,000,000.
When this cuttm
. J and slashing took place the
last session, it attracted my attention. As a friend
of the Executive I went to him, and said to him
that I thought it was foi him to see if it
his duty under the action of Congress, to recall
the army from the distant frontiers, and to brill"-
it home to cheaper posts of subsistence, such as
could be found perhaps m Connecticut, Ohio or
Kentucky, or wherever it could subsist the cheap-
est, and where no transportation would be neces-
sary. He replied that he had yet some surpluses-
some war contributions, some other available
means from various legitimate sources, and that it
was his duty to exhaust them first; that Congress
was again to meet in December; that he would re-
state all the facts to Congress, and ask that body
lor the usual necessary appropriations; but if thev
refused, it would then become his duty to with-
draw every soldiers from Oregon,California, New
Mexico, and lexas, mid subsist them in the
cheapest portions of the country. As W as the
appropriations of Congress would last to keen the
army on the frontiers, he would keep them there
but if Congress refused the means, then let Con-
gress take the responsibility.
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] in his pa-
tuotism, asks—who is Sumner'—who is Hitch-
cock? who is Jesup? Sir, they aie gallant men.
But they are not to blame. 1 am not blammo-
anybody. I am not blaming the President, or the
Secretary of War, or General Jesup. I am ask-
ing that the representatives of the people shall
apply the check, by curtailing the extravagance
was not j ; of this department. This matter has been brought
 before the country, and I propose to apply the
knife there
quarter
masters are not under the control of the officers
of the line, so that you cannot blame those officers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEADE. I have been" listening for the
purpose of hearing some one, who has spoken
upon this bill, tell this House what will be the
consequence of its rejection. Let it be taken for
gianted that this Administration has been pro-
fusely extravagant, wantonly so; take it forgranted
that we have been defrauded of the appropriations
which were munificently made by the last Con-
gress; take it for granted that enough was appro-
priated to answer the purposes of the army, and
by reason of improper agents that money has been
plundered, how are we to redrets ourselves?
YViiat are to be the consequences of refusing to
make this appropriation ? Will gentlemen telf me
the supplies that were intended for a year, and he
comes for more. He is charged with fraud and
extravagance, and is unable to defend himself in
the account he renders of the manner in which he
has expended it. But should the owner suffer the
horses upon the farm to starve? Should he suffer
I the crops to perish, which are half made? Should
, he suffer everything to go to ruin because of the
| unfaithfulness of that steward? No, sir. He
j must furnish his plantation with new supplies suf-
j ficient to keep it up.
I Gentlemen around me ask me if I would not
dismiss the steward? Yes, sir; but the people
! who own this plantation must apply the remedy.
i We cannot. The people, it is to be hoped, will
j discover their error, and apply the remedy when
, the time comes. But,sir, we will not discharge our
| trust here upon this floor, if in consequence of one
: set of agents becoming reckless of the* interests of
, the country, we do not attend to and provide for
; the exigencies of the country. We must supply
' these funds if they are necessary, although we
; may be convinced that the money formerly granted
has been stolen and the country defrauded out of
; it. There is no remedy.
The misfortune of this House is in having no
! remedy in their hands. They must submit to the
evil until the 4th of March next, when the people
will have applied the remedy. If gentlemen will
j show me that by withholding these supplies, no
i greater evil will be put upon the country, I will
■ give my vote against the bill. But I must know
. tile fact. The Committee of Ways and Means,
j a majority of whom are in opposition to the Ad-
ministration, have failed to discharge their duty, if,
knowing the fact that these appropriations could
be withheld, they have not told this House that
they might be.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. WALLACE. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the clause of the bill, now under consider-
; ation, by striking out the words "two hundred
i and nineteen thousand dollars," and inserting the
words ten dollars.
I desire, .sir, to place the responsibility of the
; extraordinary deficiency in theappropriation made
1 by the last Congress, for the quartermaster's de-
partment of the army, and which the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
tells us, has rendered the introduction of this bill
necessary, in the right place. The Secretary of
War, General Jesup, the quartermaster general,
and other officers and agents of the army, have
i been tefeired to m this debate, with the view to
fix upon them the responsibility of the wasteful
1 and extravagant expenditures, which have made
my judgment, sir, this is placing the responsi-
; bifity of this prodigality in the use of the public
money m the wrong place. Who, sir, is the
i commander-in-chief of the army? The President
] of the United States is that commander-in-chief;
; and that functionary, and not his subordinates, is
I responsible for the wasteful extravagance in the
' ^ the army fund, of which we have
heard so much in this debate. Will this House
j pass by the President, and attempt to hold his
j numerous subordinates responsible for the malad-
ministration of this fund? These subordinates are
responsible to him, and he is responsible to Con-
gress and the country; and this, sir, is the form in
which this question should be met. The matter
under consideration is a question between the legis-
lative department and the Executive. Congress
has passed a law, and the Executive, whose duty
