1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
it was to see that that law was faithfully executed,
has disregarded its limitations.
There is, in my judgment, a principle involved
in this matter which demands the grave considera-
tion of this House. 1 deem the amount of money
proposed to be appropriated by this bill of less
importance than the principle involved in the re-
buke which, by "implication, the Executive has
given to the legislative authority. The issue pre-
sented is an issue between the Executive and Con-
gress; and this House must determine whether it
will permit the Executive to override the authority
of Congress, and become the mere ministers of his
will. Will tins House determine that the Execu-
tive departments of the Government may go on ad
libitum, and incur responsibilities in the publicex-
penditures to the amount of millions beyond the
amount appropriated by law, and then come here
and demand that these debts, contracted without
authority of law, shall be sanctioned by Congress,
and appropriations made to pay them? If such a
principle be sanctioned, the Executive, and not
the legislative authority, may hereater determine
the amount of the annual appropriations for the
public service; and the army, navy, and civil
list will ere long be able to decide what the amount
of theirown compensation shall be. If thisabuse
be sanctioned, you make thereby a precedent of
the most pernicious tendency. How can you
limit the public expenditures, if the laws making
appropriations be disregarded by the public agents ?
Will you permit your public agents to substitute
their discretion for the laws passed by Congress r
"Will you make an appropriation of money for a
particular branch of the public service, and permit
the President to decide, in effect, that you did not
do your duty, that the amount is insufficient for
his wants, and then send in an estimate here of a
large amount which he has expended without au-
thority of law, and demand that an appropriation
be made to pay the debts he has incurred? Do
you admit the rebuke thus administered ? Where
is the limit to abuses of this kind if this be sanc-
tioned ? If you would retain the confidence of the
country, and make your legislative authority
what it was intended'to be, you must keep the
Executive authority in its proper place, under the
proper responsibility) and confine it to the spheie
of its legitimate duties. I recollect, sir, that at a
period of our history not very remote, a message
came from the President to this House, in which
he manifested a very high appreciation of the re-
sponsibility which rested upon him m reference
to the faithful execution of the law m regard to
the boundaries of Texas. If he had been equally
observant of his duty in holding his subordinates
to a proper responsibility in the disbursement of
the public money, a large amount of the appro-
priations demanded by this bill would have been
saved to the country. You pass a law appro-
priatin0* a certain amount of money for the sup-
port of the army. The President permits this
fund to be wastefully expended; and when it
is thus wrongfully exhausted, the same piodi-
gal expenditures are permitted to go on, until j:
heavy debts are incurred, and demands are then i|
made for appropriations to meet this extrava-j,
cant waste. Wlmt is this but a substitution ofij
the discretion of the Executive for the legislation [1
of Congress? It was the plain duty of the Presi- i
dent, a? the commander-in-chief of the army, to j
execute, with a proper regard to economy, the i
law passed by Congress; and if the fund appro- ,
priated was exhausted, to put the soldiers in the (
barracks and cantonments provided for their ac-
commodation, and report the true condition ot
thin°s to the legislative branch of the Grovern-i
ment. I will vote no appropriation that finds its j
wav here in this questionable shape; and I am
readv to bear my share of the responsibility oi
defeating this bill, so far as my vote may have
nower to produce such a result.
Mr. VENABLE. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] has read me a lecture, along with ||
my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] about
some unnecessary expenditures of patriotic feel- j,
ings on this occasion. He says that the question ^
here was not as to whether the soldier was to be ;
fed and clothed, but whether the appropriation ji
now asked for supplying the deficiency in this ,[
part of the same should be granted, that it should ■;
te wasted m extravagant expenditures at thequar- ||
termaster's department. If General Jesup is to ,,
be believed, and the report which I hold m my n
hand is to be taken as true, much of the money
has already been spent for transpoitation, for
clothing, and for bread for those soldiers. He
says that the appropriations for this branch of the
service are exhausted.
This communication, made by General Jesup,
bears date the 3d of December, 1851, and this is
the 23d of March, 1852. The soldiers have eaten
the bread, have worn the clothing, and the ex-
penses of transportation has been to some extent
incurred. Your army has consumed it, and we
are asked to repudiate the claim. We have no
guide but the estimates of the department and the
reports of the committee. The estimates are
furnished by the departments, and the adminis-
tration are responsible for their correctness.
If the statement of General Jesup is to be relied
upon, such are the facts. It is for expenditure, to
some extent, always incurred, and for sustaining
your troops, placed in position by your laws and
I by your authorities. None are to blame but our-
I selves that this delay has taken place m the inves-
' tigation of this subject. Three months have near-
ly passed since the 31st of December, and the bill
has been a long time on the table without action,
and now we are told that this item for transporta-
tion is needless, or at least unreasonably extrava-
gant. Sir, tiie army stores will avail the troops but
little without the necessary appliances in wagons
and teams to tiansport them lor their use. 1 ask,
what lelief will it afford the famishing soldier
upon the frontier to learn that there is bread
enough and to spare in Philadelphia or New York r
The patriarch heard that there was bread m Egypt,
and, like a prudent, sensible men, sent his sons to
buy and bnng the coin, regardless of trouble and
expense, and saved his family from perishing.
It will not be to any useful purpose to assure the
soldier, pressed with hunger, that there is bread
i enough in Philadelphia or New York, but that
i you will not spend a dollar to provide the means
1 of carrying it to him. This is, indeed, to " keep
the word of promise to the ear, but break n to the
hope." It is to say tothegallant soldiers, we will
require you to march to the remote frontiers, and
encounter all thehazaidsand hardships consequent
upon the duties of the service; we require you to give
piotection from the savages, and fulfill the treaty
Stipulations of the country; we will buy bread and
clothing, and all the provisions what by law you
have a right to demand at the most convementsea-
port. But when the department asks for mules
and wagons to transport it to them, we reply that
there is a cheat in the quartermaster's department,
and we will withhold supplies until the fraud is
detected and exposed. This, sir,is an experiment
which I cannot consent to make at the soldiers ex-
pense. He can derive but little comfort fiom the
empty views of comforts at a distance, whilsj sur-
rounded by all the inconveniences of insufficient
provision for his wants which the law has pro-
vided shall be met and satisfied. He renders real
service, and should receive substantial supplies.
There is no power to release lnm from his obliga-
tion to obedience; there should be no hesitation m
providing for his necessities.
Mr. GORMAiN moved, pro forma, to amend by
! reducing the appropriation to $50. My opposi-
| tion to this deficiency bill is founded upon wnat I
I think to be right. I am going to contest every
i inch of it. The gentleman who last addressed
j this committee has run off again into the commis-
| sary's department—the feeding-department. What
has that to do with the question of the quarter-
master's department? .
Mr. GENTRY. The quartermaster is to
transport food to the army.
Mr. GORMAN. They have got now horses,
harness, wagons, teamsters, and all of the men
necessary. They have got them m the field and
there is money enough to pay them I will show
you in a moment that there is There was ap-
propiiated by this House at the last Congress,
for clothing and other equipage on the estimate ot
General Jesup, ^240,000, of which, General Jesup ;;
says, « I hale only drawn §161,000." *ow, he j
comes here and asks for a deficiency of vo,000. |,
Why? He says: "on inquiry at t•'£ ]J
Department 1 learn the balance of b81,000| has ||
been applied to the settlement of paymasters and j,
other officers' accounts." The Treasury |j
ment has withdrawn the money appropriated to
• 1 . ._- _flu hiol ' '
I we made an appropriation in the army appropria-
i tion bill to pay the officers of the army proper.
: Here, under a certain law which exists, they
1 have diverted the funds we appropriated to the
quartermaster's department to clothe the soldier;
. they have taken $81,000 of this money, and have
1 appropriated it to pay the officers, notwithstand-
j ing that we, in the appropriation bill proper for
■ the army, always provided the means-for the
I pay of the officers and soldiers. They have
i authoiity to direct the funds under the law. This
' is the way they do it: If they find it convenient to
| pay at one point, they divert the funds from this
j department to another. Here, then, they come
| in for a deficiency of &75.000, and ask us to make
! that up, when the Treasury Department has taken
it out of the hands of General Jesup, and appro-
priated it to other uses, which Congress said
should not be done, and for which Congress
had made an appropriation. I insist gentlemen
! shall debate the question in point, as to whether
1 it is the quartermaster's department that needs
additional funds. The expenditures of that de-
partment were reduced $800,000 last year, when
' we gave the hint. It can do so now. I want
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means—I want every gentleman, Whig or Dem-
ocrat—I do not oppose this upon party grounds—
to tell me if that department has not got upon
the frontier, wagons, harness, and hoises, and
all m the employ of the Government; and whether
at this hour they have not got plenty of nioney
to pay regularly. What is the addition of
§75,000 in the single item of clothing for? Be-
cause there is a deficiency ? Where is the deficien-
cy—where is the report that states the soldier
needs additional clothing? The quartermaster
general has suffered this $81,000 to be drawn from
his fund and appropriated to another. Now, he
comes in and asks us to make it up. It may be
all right and necessary that it should be appropri-
ated; but I insist that if the last Congress could
reduce $800,000, the expenditures of that one de-
paitmeiit, it would be a very good thing if we
would suggest to some of the other departments
to make a corresponding decrease.
[Here the hammer fell.]
i Mr. GENTRY. This, Mr. Chairman, is a
| remarkable debate in many particulars. I hope
1 my friends from all sides will pardon me from
! saying that I do not think we are discussing this
question as statesmen. We are not trying to do
| it. We have party contests for the President,
:,aiid that is a fact which very much influences the
j character of our debates here. I want tne world
to know that fact, and to bear it constantly m
, mind, lest those who live at a great distance will
' not comprehend what is said upon this floor,
fLaughter.] Now, our friends—my friends—
upon the other side of the House an adverse
party—have the power here and in the Senate;
! and if the Executive branch of the Government is
abusin" its powers so much as they assume that
it is, defeat this bill; but you have the power, and
I have no objection at all to its exercise, except
upon public considerations. I dare you to do it.
Take the responsibility and do it. You dare not.
You dare not. This does not relate to the army
exclusively. Where rests the criminality, and
where rests the responsibility for all of the other
deficiencies covering the country, extending almost
through every branch of the public service. My
friend" from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] usually a
conservative and liberal man, says he will vote
for this bill if the President will dismiss the Sec-
retary of War and General Jesup, and all who
have been connected with the expenditures, or
who are responsible for them in any way. Well,
now, if that rule is to obtain, in all respects, what
is to become of us? I see here in the bill, sir,
"for the contingent expenses of the House ot
Representatives, §75,000." [Laughter.]
: Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There you have
: them '. [Laughter.]
Mr. GENTRY. What is to become of the
I admirable and most excellent Clerk, a"d^at
1 to become of us? [Renewed laughter.] Must we
! all be turned out? ,
Here a^ain: "For surveying eighthundred ana
seventy-five miles of meridian, base, and stan ai
hnes, meandering and survey of-regular or
lots. &c., in California, at a rate not exceedma
the^qua^termaste^'s d^part^men^^ |J the Secretary of
lite ijiuti ici ^ --j —
and given it over to poy the officers,
War, re-
