1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843.
put into active service, and instead of keeping
their horses upon corn to get them in a fine, prom-
ising condition, let them be placed where the In-
dians are and feed their horses as they do, and
then they will get rid of this enormous expense of
forage, fuel, and all this sort of thing, and at the
same time they will he giving protection to the
people, whom they are sent th«re to protect.
Mr. POLK. I anticipated the scene several
days ago, to which v/c have arrived, when the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
piessed this bill with such hot haste upon the
consideration of the House. I will not, how-
ever, within live minutes give any sort of con-
struction to that hot haste. I will say, however,
that two appeals have been made to this side of
the House. "The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] calls upon us to vote for this bill
on account of the women and children. I will
shed a tear witti him there. I will mingle my tears
with his. [Laughter.] I will send up as gener-
ous an emotion to the throne of our common God
for the scalped infants, as he will. Another gen-
tleman calls upon us to sustain the billon account
of the army. I permit no one to admire the army
more than I do; but I have a duty to perform, and
neither tears or admiration will deter me from
acting in a manner that would be in contradiction
to a°distinct sense of duty upon this subject.
Then, after they have appealed to our patriotism,
my colleague from Tennessee [Mr. Gen-try] gets
up and defies us upon this bill. I admire his 1
spirit. It is not the first time that we have been
defied upon this bill. The last session of Con-
gress cut down the estimates for the quarter-
master's department. Did they obey the action
of Congress? No! Did they defy it ? Yes! The
Administration defied Congress, and went beyond
the limits of appropriation, in defiance of its dis-
tinct action. Finding that defiance will not an-
swer, my colleague comes up, and defies the
House. I will meet the defiance, and for one, will
vote against this bill. I don't object to all of it,
but there are portions of it to which I do object.
I desire light upon this matter. What are you to
do if you do not vote the appropriation? Is the
army to be called in ? No! Let Congress assert
its right. Let it assert its proper power. Let it
tell this Administration that we demand of you to
show some evidence that you will correct those
frauds upon the Government, it they are frauds
as charged. We will withhold these appropria-
tions. We will ask of you first to administer cor-
rectives, and when you shall show a disposition to
do it, I will go heart and hand to save the honor
of the Republic, and give them this aid: but I will
require some sort of security of that kind for the
future. I will require security for the future that
the next Congress shall not be asked to pass an-
other deficiency bill.
Mr. MASON moved a fro forma amendment to
increase the appropriation twelvecloSlars. He said:
I have read the bill, and I have listened to the de-
bate upon it during the last two or three days, and
I have not discovered any new light, since the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
made his speech, to change my opinion on any
item in it.
Now, sir, I am as much m favor of economy
and of reducing the expenses of the Government
as any member oil this tloor. My votes show it.
But, sir, I do not consider this a place to show
vour devotion to economy. Let these same gen-
tlemen, who are upon the various committees of
the House, bring in measures to be voted upon,
and acted upon, practically to reduce the expendi-
tures of the Government. Let the Military Com-
mittee brin^ in a bill to reduce the army, if it
is proper to"do so. Let the Committee 011 Naval
Affairs bring in a bill to reduce the expenses of
the Naval Department, and so with all the other
committees of the House who have charge of the
various subjects. But when they fail to do this,
and leave in force laws which compel the Govern-
ment to expend money, are we to stop the appro-
priations here and let the Government drafts be
PrNowesir, I have not satisfied myself from any
observations I have yet been able to make that
this is an economical House—Whigs or Demo-
crats, pro-slavery men or anti-slavery men. I
have vet to see the first bill rome up here, pro-
posing to take money out of the Treasury, and not
passed. I have seen hundreds of thousands of
I dollars voted-away here m a bill to make bounty
i land warrants assignable. You may bring up
j any proposition here for increasing the expendi-
] tures of the Government, or the contingent fund of
this House, and it will go through, it does not
I' matter whether by Whig or Democratic votes.
| j Can you refuse to pass the appropriation in this
1; bill of £75,000 for the con tingent fund of this House?
1 You have increased the number of your officers;
! you buy books, you order the Clerk to buy sta-
! tionery; andean you withholdfrom him the means
■ to pay for tilings that your own orders have com-
l! pelled him to purchase? Is it not so with every
ji other item in the bill? The contingent fund of
j! this House in Mr. Van Buren's time was |10U,000;
■, you appropriated $209,000 last year, and here was
j! an additional appropriation of $100,000 asked for
! deficiencies. The committee have made it $75,000;
but they might just as well have made It $100,000,
|i unless the House intends to put a stop to these ex-
i travagant estimates of appropriation. After the
jj estimates were made last year, a simple resolution
i. was passed to pay the employees of the House
£,250 apiece extra; that took §25,000. Another
resolution was passed to bind the Congressional
| Globes, which took about ^4,000 more. Then there
j was a large sum paid for Gales & Seaton's Re-
j ports, which are laid away for the worms to eat,
j for nobody has ever opened them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. FAULKNER. A view of this question
has been taken by several gentlemen in this de-
: bate which, if well founded, should have a decisive
: influence upon the result in this House, and cer-
tainly would materially influence my vote. It has
i been said, that this bill involves a vital and fun-
; damental question of power between the Executive
and the Legislative departments of the Govern-
ment. That Congress, at its last session, in re-
! ducing the army appropriations fifty per cent,
i below the estimates, thereby indicated its fixed
determination to limit the expenditures of the
; army within these appropriations, and that all
' expenditures beyond that amount, or in that pro-
I portion, for the present fiscal year, so far as it has
elapsed, was in palpable violation of the will of
Congress, clearly and distinctly expressed. This
was the view of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Wallace] a few moments since, and it
5; was the view of the gentleman from Kentucky,
ji [Mr. Marshall,] announced on yesterday; the
I: latter gentleman, indeed, was so emphatic in his
II opinion as to declare that he would rather vote to
1 disband the army, and leave the frontiers to their
own defense, than to vote one dollar of the pies-
ent deficiency. . .
Now, sir, if I viewed this question in the light
: taken of it by these gentlemen, I might reach the
; same conclusions to which they have arrived. If
1 Congress shall indicate its clear purpose to limit ex-
! penditure within certain bounds, and a department
i of the Government should disregard that purpose
! of Congress, I would, with them, assume the re-
i sponsibility of refusing to vote further supplies.
■ But I draw no such conclusions from the proceett-
I ino-s of the last Congress. That body, in reducing
i the appropriations, did not curtail a single object
i of expenditure. For the last four or five yeais,
i the annual expenditures of the quartermaster s
j department have exceeded $4,000,000. And, as
a wise and intelligent body, we cannot presume
; that they meant to force the War Department to
! achieve an impossibility, by supporting our army
! as at present established, upon a distant frontier,
I at one half of what the experience of the last four
1 or five years have shown that it would cost.
• The utmost that can be predicated of the action
| of the last Congress, is, that it believed there was
1 waste and extravagance in that branch of tlie
Government; that it meant to give to the Gov
i ernment a stern rebuke; but it is equally certain
! that it never designed to interfere with the exist-
'i in" military establishment, or to assume the re-
| sponsibility of recalling the army from the frontier,
i or authorizes any important modification in that
arm of the public service. It is an admitted
fact, that after the appropriations were reduced,
: an amendment was offered to the Ml by^ Mi.
Schenck, then a Representative from Ohio, to au-
! thorize the President, by the discharge of officers,
and by other means, in his discretion, to bring the
necessary expenditures within the limits of the
appropriations. This proposition was rejected by
a decisive vote. Is it fair, then, to mfei that
was the intention of Congress to confine the ex-
penditures within certain limits, that should not
be transcended? Would it have been a wise or
mfinly policy upon their part to continue in full
vigor our existing military establishment, charged
with the weighty duties of international obligation
and of protecting our extended and almost limit-
less frontier, and to declare that it should be done
for so much, and no more, and especially when the
sum granted was only one half of the amount
which experience had demonstrated was essential
to the service? Is it not more reasonable to sup-
pose that they meant only to inculcate watchful-
ness and economy, knowing that the want of an
appropriation could thereafter be supplied by a
deficiency bill; a mode of relief, which it is well
known, was anticipated at the last session by those
who favored, and by those who opposed a reduc-
tion of the appropriations. Now, sir 
[Here the hammer fell.]
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois,
the committee then rose.
And the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the Chairman (Mr. Stuart) reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theXInion
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly House bill No. 207, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois,
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &.c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE: The petition of William
B. McCorlogue and others, prajingfor a more direct steam
communication between the United States and Ireland.
Also, the petition of Maurice Brennan and others, for the
same. . , . . _ .
By Mr. DUNCAN : The petition of Nathaniel Perry and
511 other citizen? of the United States, for alterations of the
present tariff and for other purposes.
By Mr. MURRAY: The petition of James F. Taylorand
other rituens of Orange county, New York, for an act to
prohibit the transportation and delivery of the mails on the
L<By M^lioBIE: The remon&tiance of A. M. Adsit and
125 others, citizens of St. Lawrence county, New York,
remonstrating against the extension of the Woodwortn
nato.vit
Also, the petition of Robert McMundy and 30 other cit-
izen-: of Steuben countv, New York, asking that a law be
parsed giving further remedies to patentees.
By Mr. SCUDDER : The petition of J. B. W ood and 50
others, citizens of New Bediord. ^Massachusetts, asking aid
for the Collin? line of steam-ships.
\lso, the petition of Edward L. Barney and 48 others,
citizen* of New Bedford, Massachusetts, asking for an ex-
tension of Woodworth's patent.
Bv Mr. CONGER: The petition of Daniel L. Groux,
asking Congtess topuiehase of said petitioner a certain col-
lection of 6,537 coins and medals for the Library of Co.i-
8r<By Mr. FJCKLIN: The petition of a number of citizens
of the District of Columbia, asking the amendment ofthe city
charter so as to secure the rights of suffrage to all tree white
male citizens over twenty-one years of age who have re-
sided twelve months within the District of Columbia, and
to authorize the voters of the District to elect justices ot the
Deaee, constables, and other officers. .
Al<o, the memorial of the Corporation of W ashnigton m
relation to supplying that city with water, and for other pur-
P°BvMr. CURTIS: The petition of the citizens of Warren
county, prawng for an appropriation of the public domain
to actual settler? m limited quantities.
BvMr DOTY: The petition of William M. Colby, u.
It. Lamoren, and 300 other citizens of Marquette and
Adainft counties in favor of extendi ng the credit to preemptors
til three years, and milking lands held b} preemptors subject
t0S,"me petition of A. Wissmann, Bernard Koenier
Charles Esslinger, and 40 other citizens of Mamtoowoc
county, in favor of granting the right of way and land to aid
the Manitoowoc and Mississippi Land Company to consti uct
8 J3v Mr^'iVITNF.R: The petition of Jacob Esby and 230
others, against tile fuither extension of Woodwork's fiat-
e°j'vj(r II \MMOND: The petition of Josiah Pearcc and
others, a'skirn; the establishment of a post road in Baltimore
C0Also,' the peti'lion of Mrs. Rachel Weems, widow of Jolm
Weom* deceased, piaving additional compensation for
| services rendered by her husband in raising cannon, &c.,
i ^°Bv^Mr"^ABLE, of Ohio: A memorial from Charles
! Mather and 80 other citizens of Smithfield, Ohio, in favor
; of Congress sustaining the Wheeling Bndge by enactment.
| Bv Mr. FLORENCE : Memorials of Adam Uery, sen.,
i and 31 others : of Lemuel S. Peters and J8 others- , ot Alex
! ander Buscli and 30 others, citizens of the city ot Philadel-
! phia, praying the extension of the " Woodworth patent, tor
1 PlTlso8 ^memorial of Casper H. Iloni, Chalkley Baker,
John V Selfru52e,'aiid others, citizens ot the city and county
of Plii^adelDtiia, praung that the soldiers of the vyar of
181-2 may be g,anted one hundred arid f ^H^oFpennsym-
Also, resolutions of the General Assembly of i ennsjiva
