THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
' Mr.. DAVIS. -If the honorable Senator will
change his amendment, and say that the boat
going with the .current shall be considered the de-
scending boat, it will answer;
. Mr. RUSK. It does not strike me that there
is much necessity for the amendment to the amend-
ment. These'regulatio'ns are intended for the riv-
ers where there is a current,-which renders it
difficult for the boats to change their course. It
is necessary to prescribe these rules where the
riveY is narrow, but when we (Some to the tide-
water, I apprehend there will be ample room. The
adoption of the amendment to the amendment will
produce confusion, because there is a tide in the
Mississippi for a number of miles. What would
be the result? You would have to change the
rules every time the tide ran up and back again;
and there would be a considerable danger of col-
lision.
Mr. BAYARD. If the bill was confined to the
Mississippi alone, I would* not have a word to
say; but it must have its construction, and apply
to all waters in the United States. When we
speak ef an ascending boat, in ordinary parlance,
it would mean a boat moving up toward the
source of the river. That does not apply in all
cases; and as the bill applies to all waters, it would
seem that some provision of the kind I have sug-
gested should be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS. I am rather inclined to think
that we had better not adopt the amendment to
the amendment at all. But, if we do adopt it, I
hope it will be in a modified form; so that the boat
running with the current shall be considered the
descending boat.
' The amendment to the amendment was no't
agreed to.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was in the thirty-third section, by
striking out—
" Or through carelessness and inattention, or through
rash and unlawful conduct, on the part of any officer, en-
gineer, or pilot"—
And inserting—
And any person sustaining loss or injury through the
carelessness, negligence, or willful misconduct of an engi-
neer or pilot, or their neglect or refusal to obey the provis-
ions of law herein prescribed as to navigating steamers,
may sue for and recover damages for any such injury
caused, as aforesaid, by any such engineer or pilot.
The amendment was concurred in, and the sec-
tion now reads as follows:
, Hue. 33. .find he it further enacted, That whenever
damage is sustained by any person, in his property or per-
son, Iroin explosion, fire, collision, or other oause, the
master and the owners, or either of them, and the vessel,
shall lie liable to each aud every person so injured, to the
full amount'of dumaac, if it happens through any neglect
to comply with the provisions of the law, or through known
defects or imperfections of the steaming apparatus, or of
the hull; and any person sustaining loss or injury through
the carelessness, negligence, or willful misconduct of an
engineer or pilot, or their neglect or refusal to obey the pro-
Visions of the law herein prescribed as to navigating steam-
ers, may sue for and recover damages for any such injury
caused, as aforesaid, by any such engineer or pilot.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the "Whole, was by striking- out the original thir-
tieth section, now thirty-fourth, as follows:
Sec. 30. And he it further enacted, That before issu-
ing the annual licensc to a steamer, the collector of the
customs for the district shall demand and receive, as a
compensation tor the inspections and examinations made
for the year, the following sums, according to the tonnage,
to wit: For each vessel of a thousand tons and over, thtrty-
five dollars; for each of six hundred tons and over, but Jess
than one thousand tons, thirty dollars; and /or each under
six hundred ton*, twenty five dollars ; for which sums the
said collectors shall be accountable to the United States at
the end of each quarter.
And inserting in lieu thereof the foliowing sec-
tion:
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted, That before issu-
ing the annual lieense to a steamer employed in the coast-
ing trade, the collector or other chief officer of the customs
for the poit or district shall demand and receive from the
owner or owners of the steamei, as a compensation for the .
inspections and examinations made for the year, the fol- [
lowing sums, in addition to the fees for issuing enrollments '
and licenses, now allowed by law, according to the tonnage
of the vessel, to wit: for each vessel of a thousand tons and
over, thirty-five dollars; for each of five hundred tons and
over, but less than one thousand tons, thirty dollars; and
for e.ach under five hundred tons and over one hundred and
twenty-five tons, twenty-five dollars; and for each under
one hundred and twenty-live tons, twenty dollars, at the
time of obtaining registry, and once in each year thereafter,
pay according to the rate of tonnage beforementioned, the
sum of money herein fixed : And each engineer and pilot
licensed as herein provided, shall pay for each certificate
granted by any inspector oi.inspectors, to such inspector or
inspectors to be accounted'for and. paid over to the collect-
or or other chief officer of the customs, five dollars, and the
sums derived from all the sources above specified shall be
quarterly accounted for and paid over to the United States
in tfie same manner as other revenue.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in^omnuttee of
the Whole, was by striking out of the thirty-
sixth section the words, " the district of New-
port, in Rhode Island," and. inserting the wards,
"the district of New London, in Connecticut."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVISi I do not know,that the district
in' which New Orleans-is situated, is called the
district of New Orleans. I propose, therefore, to
amend the thirty-sixth section of the bill by in-
serting after " New Orleans," the words "or of
which New Orleans is the port of entry." A
"similar amendment is needed in regard to the dis-
trict of Oswego, and 1 therefore move to insert
after*"Oswego," "or of which Oswego is the
port of entry."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to fill the blanks in
the thirty-sixth section, to make it read as follows:
Sec. 36. And be it further enacted, That the inspect-
ors in the following-districts slwa.ll be allowed annually the
following compensation, to be paid under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, in the manner'bfficers of the
revenue are paid, to wit:
For the district of Portland, in Maine, $300.
For the distuct of Boston and Charlestown, in Massa-
chusetts, $800.
For the district of New London, in Connecticut, $300.
For the district ofNew York,"$2,000,
For the district of Philadelphia, in Pennsylvania, $'1,000.
For the district of Baltimore., in Maryland, $1,000.
For the districi of Norfolk, in Vitginia, $300.
For the district of Charleston, in South Carolina, $400.
For the district of Savannah, in Georgia, $400.
For the district of Mobile, in Alabama, $1,000.
For the district of New Orleans, or of which New Or-
leans is the port of entry, in Louisiana, $2,000.
For the district of Galveston, in Texas, $300.
For the district of St. Louis, in Missouri, $1,500.
For the district ofLomsviile, in Kentucky, $1,200.
For the district of Nashville, in Tennessee, $400.
For the district of Cincinnati, Ohio, $1,500.
For the district of Wheeling, Virginia, $500.
For the district of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, $1,500.
For the district of Chicago, Illinois. $500.
For the district of Detroit, Michigan, $800.
For the district of Cleveland, Ohio, $500.
For the district of Buffalo, New York, $1,200.
For the district of Osweco, or of which Oswego is the
port of entry, New York, $300.
For the district of Vermont, $900.
For the district of San Francisco, California, $1,500.
Mr. BORLAND. Before this matter is dis-
posed of, I want to make an inquiry of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in reference to the State
of Arkansas. He will recollect that a bill passed
the Senate some time ago—I do not believe it has
yet passed the House, but I have no doubt that it
will—putting the rivers of Arkansas, or the steam-
boat interest of the rivers of Arkansas, upon the
same footing with those of the other States, the
general law not providing for the appointment of
the inspectors by the district judges m the States
which are not called collection districts. That
bill passed for the benefit of Arkansas, giving to
the district judge of the United States there the
same power of appointment that the judges have
in the other States. There is no port of entry in
Arkansas. But it will be necessary, it seems to
me, to make some provision for securing an in-
spection at Little Rock, although it is not a port
of entry, because there is a very important steam-
boat interest there, which is becoming more and
more important every year.
Mr. DAVIS. I believe T stated,upon a former
occasion, that it is quite impossible, nor do we
deem it necessary, that there should be inspectors
in every collection district. There is but one in
Maine, and but one in Massachusetts. There is
none in Rhode Island. • There is but one in Con-
necticut; but one set of inspectors upon the At-
lantic coast of New York; none in New Jersey;
but one set in Philadelphia; but one set in Balti-
more; but one set in Norfolk; but one in Charles-
ton; and but one in Savannah. The rivers are
much more abundantly supplied than the sea-
coast; but we have made this arrangement: we
have supposed that nearly all the steamers at
one terminus or the other of their voyage, will
come to a place where there are inspectors; hence
it is, that in many districts we have made none.
But we suppose there may be some exceptions to
this rule; and one of the chief ends in appointing
the nine supervisors is, that they, should visit the
other districts, and portions of the country desti-
tute of inspectors. And we have empowered them,
in all such cases, to examine and grant certificates.
We want to try the experiment. In many places
we would not "be able to find men qualified to do
these duties. We want men that have the requi-
site qualtfications to make the inspections. We
want men suitable for it; men that will undertake
to carry it out in good faith. We suppose that at
the points where we have made the selections
such men can be found/' I do not mean to say
that they eannot be found in Arkansas, and in
some places where we have not appointed them.
I.know they could-be found. But we have ap-
pointed as many as the revenue will permit, and
we have left a little experience to decide whether
local inspectors are wanted at other points. If they
are, we suppose Congress will furnish them ; and
we think the supervising inspectors will visit the
Red river, the Arkansas river, the Missouri river,
the Mississippi river, thelllmois fiver, &c. That is
one part of the duty imposed upon them, and one
of the chief ends of appointing them. We'expect
to have very good men appointed for the stations,
and we are in hopes that the system will work
kindly, to suit the convenience of every one.
Mr. BORLAND. The case of Arkansas is not
entirely provided for in the way suggested by the
Senator. There are a good many boats belonging
to Arkansas, and trading within the rivers of the
State, that do not go, except, perhaps, through
some accidental circumstance, beyond the State.
They trade between the mouths of the Arkansas
and the White river, and.up those rivers; for the
Senator must recollect that on the White river we
have a navigation, a large portion of the year, of
five hundred miles, and for a large portion of the
year a navigation upon the Arkansas of over seven-
hundred miles, and for most of the year six hun-
dred miles. The boats which trade on those
rivers do not go beyond them. We have mail
lines now from the mouth of the Arkansas river,
up the White river, and up' the Arkansas. The
boats do, occasionally, go to Memphis; but there
is no provision for inspectors there. But even
suppose there were inspectors at Memphis, still
our boats from.the mouth of the Arkansas would
have to go over two hundred miles to get the in-
spection. My only object is to secure for our
.steamboat interest within our own State—not for
boats that trade between there and"New Orleans,
or other places—facilities for inspection. Many
of the boats trade exclusively upon our own rivers;
and I assure the Senator, as I undertook to show
him and the Senate, when the other bill of which
I speak was before us, there is no place in the
world where rigid inspection is needed so much
as in my State; for no imposition has ever been
so gross and injurious.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator may feel some as-
surance that one of the supervising inspectors will
go into Arkansas.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire if a super-
vising inspector will be there sufficiently often to
make the inspections ?
Mr. DAVIS. It lies in the discretion of the
men to arrange their duties. Our expectation is,
that they will arrange the performance of their
duties so as to suit the exigencies, and meet the
wants of the public.
Mr. BORLAND. I will say, then, that as I
apprehend we will not finish the bill to-day—I
find a good many objections to completing it to-
day—I shall propose an amendment before the final
action on the bill, making the provision-which I
have suggested.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I propose to amend the thirty-
ninth section of the bill. It reads now—
" That every master or commander of a vessel shall pro-
vide himself with a copy of this act, and keep the same on
board his vessel; and'if he neglects or refuses so to do, he
shall forfeit $20."
I propose to insert, in place of that, the follow-
ing:
That every master or commander of a steamer shall
provide himself with at least ten copies of this act, and
keep them on board his vessel, and if he neglects or refuses
so to do, or shall refuse to exhibit a copy of the same to
any passenger who shall ask it, he shall forfeit ^20.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I want to call the attention of the
friends of the bill to another provision. -There
are several penalties proposed in a great many
sections, and in several there is a mode of enfor-
cing them, while in others there is none. I wish
to amend the bill by adding a section which will
