846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 24,
As well might we give the President a general
power to take out of the Treasury any indefinite
amount of money for any indefinite period, at his
pleasure; fo.r it comes to that. But, who would
sanction a proposition here, to authorize the Pres-
ident, in the execution of this work, to draw from
the Treasury any amount of money he might
think proper? The Senator from North Caroli-
na himself would no.t vote for such a proposition
as that. Yet that is not different in principle, nor
would it differ much in its practical operation
from what the President is alleged to have as-
sumed authority to do, and what the Senator's
position would seem to warrant.
The President is alleged to have made contracts
to the amount of a million and a half of dollars for
the execution of a work, for which Congress had
appropriated but one hundred thousand! If he
could do that lawfully-—if he could exceed the
amount we placed at his disposal fifteen times, how
far.might he not have gone? As lawfully and as
rightfully might he have gone to the amount of
every dollar in the Treasury. To sanction his
doing the one, and to authorize him to do the other,
at his discretion, is substantially the same prop-
osition. To my mind there is no difference be-
tween them.
Mr. BADGER. It is the easiest thing in the
world for a gentleman to make out a case, by just
appending two or three words that nobody has
vised or thought of. I said nothing about the Presi-
dent having a right to make contracts for any sum
he pleased, and that we were bound by them. No-
body imagines such a thing. But when my friend,
in anticipation of any such report on this subject,
is so eager to cast reflection upon the President of
the United States—after offering a resolution, ask-
ing for information upon the subject, which is con-
sidered by the unanimous consent of the Senate—
that he will not even permit the resolution to be
adopted, without suspecting beforehand, that some-
thing has been wrong and injurious, it seems to me
very singular, indeed, that he should amend the
statement which I have made—if it can be called
amending—by putting in words which I neither
used nor thought of. I say this, that when Con-
gress direct a work to be executed, it is the custom
to make appropriations from time to time, as the
work advances, and that it is also the custom with
those charged with the supervision of the work,
whether the President of the United States, or any-
body else, to make the preliminary contracts and
engagements for the supplies which it is supposed
will be necessary in the further prosecution of the
work.
But all those contracts and engagements are
made conditionally on the appropriation being
made by Congress for the continuance of the work.
There is no intention in the world to control Con-
gress; there is no obligation upon Congress—none
upon earth. If we choose to stop the work where
it is; if we change our minds, and think it will
cost more than it is worth, we will stop just where
we are; and the contracts for supplies will be dis-
continued, and the Government not be charged
with the payment of them. Every man must see
that in such a work as this, if the person charged
with its execution made no contracts, no arrange-
ments, 110 stipulations with parties to furnish the
materials for its further prosecution, then, at the
end of every session of Congress, the work would
come to a dead stand; and that when another ap-
propriation should be made, a new set of contracts
would have to be entered into for the ensuing
year; a new set of materials would have to be
selected, and new parties charged with the furnish-
ing of them. The necessary consequence of that \
system would be most expensive and injurious to
the Government.
_ Certainly the Executive Government has no
right to expend a dollar more than Congress ap-
propriates. Certainly, when a work of this kind
is directed to be constructed, if the Executive Gov-
ernment think it to be advantageous, in anticipa-
tion of the future action of Congress—supposing
that Congress is in earnest, and means to build
two additional wings to the Capitol-~to make
agreements for persons to supply materials and
other things necessary to carry on the work, there
is no impropriety in it; because, as I say, every ;
such contract is conditional on Congress prosecu- '
ting the work. If the Executive Government do ;
that, then, when on appropriation is made at the !
next succeeding session of Congress, and the work 1
is to go on, they are in a condition to prosecute it
immediately. The effect of the system which, as
I understand, is usually pursued, is this: that
though the whole subject remains under the con-
trol of Congress; although Congress appropriates,
from time to time, sufficient money to carry on the j
work; yet the work goes on steadily without any
interruption, unless Congress thinks proper to dis-
continue it.
But if the system which the honorable Senator
from Arkansas seems to think is the proper one,
were pursued, the work would come to an end i
each year, and you would have to start with a I
new set of arrangements and contracts, involving,
not the prosecution, continuously, of one original
design, but the reengagement and renewal of suc-
cessive operations through new contractors and I
new agents, involving as much delay and addi- 1
tional expense as if there were successive new
works. That is my idea; but I have 110 notion in
the world that the Treasury of the United States
should be placed at the control of the Executive
one penny further than Congress places it at his
control. In the fair execution of a duty charged
upon him, I believe it has been the general course
to make contracts for such work in anticipation,
but they are all conditional; they bind nobody.
Congress may discontinue the work at any point
it pleases; and, if it does so, the parties who have
made contracts to supply mateiials are discharged
from their obligations, and the Government is un-
der no necessity of taking the materials.
Mr. BORLAND. I am very sorry to trouble j
the Senate again; but I must say that I do not j
think the remarks of the Senator from North i
Carolina do me justice. He represents me as !
eager to cast censure upon the President of the
United States.
Mr. BADGER. 1 really thought so. If I am
not correct, 1 beg pardon. . ,
Mr BORLAND. I think what I have said on |
introducing this resolution, indicates no such feel- j
ing or purpose. I stated that my object tyus to I
asceitam the truth of statements which had been
made to me on such authority as at least to com- j
mend them to my respect. Now, if the friends of i
the Administration are not willing that I should
ascertain—that the Senate should know—whether
those statements be true or not, I am sorry for it;
and it does indicate, if it indicates anything in
respect to censure, not eagerness on my part to
cast censure upon the President, for I have none,
and zeal in casting censure, but it seems to rne to
indicate an unwillingness on the part of the friends
of the President, and those who take the opposite
ground, that these facts should come out, lest,
when ascertained, they may not reflect very cred-
itaoly upon his Administration. That seems to
me to be the indication, if any there be.
Mr. BADGER. Who has manifested any such
opposition to the facts coming out?
Mr. BORLAND 1 have only asked for a
statement of facts—for information which it is
necessary for us to have before we can properly
proceed to expend the public money. If all this
has been done properly, and in accordance with
law, there will be no fault to be found with the Ad-
ministration. It is the information which we want,
and which has not been furnished to us, and which
no friend o( the Administration here is prepared to
give. No Senator here can say whether any, or, if |
any, what plan has been adopted for the prosecu-
tion of this work. We well know the course Con-!
gress took when it was first proposed to extend the I
Capitol. A committee of the two Houses was |
charged with the duty of calling architects before
them, getting their views, and adopting and re-1
porting a plan for the execution of this work. So !
important was it considered that a plan should be j
adopted before any propositions were made, or 1
any steps taken m the execution of the work, that i
the committee was engaged for months upon the j
investigation. It was authorized to offer premiums .
to architects for plans, so that they might be sure
to get the best The committee was divided as to j
the plan. That of each House adopted a plan of j
its own. And these two plans, as I have under- !
stood, were laid before the President, that one or ■
the other might be selected. Instead of taking !
either of these plans for the construction of a j
building for the uses and accommodation of the
two Houses of Congress, and which should have j
had some adaptation to what they conceived to be i
their own wants, and comfort, and convenience, I
the President threw aside both of these, and
adopted—what? Nobody knows what. 1 have
been utterly unable to discover that there is now
any regular or determinate plan. I, myself, before
I vote an appropriation of money to continue this,
or any other work, I must know within certain
bounds, at least, what the work is to be. I want
to know what is proposed to be done, and for
Congi-ess to pass upon the plan of the work, and
say whether it is such as we are willing to have—*
such as is adapted to the purpose for which we
ordered the extension of the Capitol—such as may
suit our views of commodiousness and conve-
nience in the discharge of our public duties, con-
serve our health, and promote our comfort, and
present a structure to the public view in accord-
ance with true architectural principles and taste.
1 repeat, I have learned that very heavy contracts
have been made for this work, which are to extend,
in their expenditure, to the full limit, and even be-
yond the limit of time within which this Adminis-
tration will be in power. Steps have been taken, as
I lparn,—and that is what I want to ascertain,—to
makp contracts beyond the time within which the
Administration must retire from office, which may
in effect, and may be intended, to hamper and
cripple and render abortive the operations of a suc-
ceeding Administration, if that Administration
should have views more fitted and better adapted
to promote and protect the public interests.
i have introduced this resolution in order to put
the Senate in possession of information which will
enable them to decide on all these points, and not
for the purpose of reflecting; upon the President.
These were my motives. An additional motive I
had for some of the remarks which have accom-
panied its introduction, and that was to notice
what I consider an unjustifiable attack on my mo-
tives for what I said on a former occasion—not
because that attack was in a newspaper, but be-
cause that newspaper is the accredited organ of the
Administration here at the seat of government.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Arkansas
has said that there seems to be some disposition
manifested by the friends of the Administration to
prevent the obtaining of the information which he
has called for.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not say so. In re-
sponse to what was attributed to me, I did not
charge that there was any such unwillingness; but
I said, that if there was any indication manifested,
it was an indication of unwillingness to supply
this information.
Mr. BADGER. Well, take it in that way, and
I want to know where there is a scintilla of evi-
dence to support the intimation of the honorable
Senator. I am a friend to the Administration.
My single objection would have prevented the
consideration of this resolution to-day. Nobody
objected to its being considered. After it was
considered by unanimous consent, was there a
voice raised against it? Not one. But for the
honorable Senator's speech, the resolution would
have been adopted in three seconds. How, then,
have we manifested a disposition, or given ground
to imagine, that, in any event, we are opposed to
obtaining this information? In no manner what-
ever.
The Senator proceeded to make some remarks
in vindication of himself, from what he says was
a charge made against him in a newspaper. To
that I have no objection, though it is a kind of
vindication which I am not in the habitof making
on thisfloor. The Senator went further than that"
and, in advance of the information which he'called
for, proceeded to throw out remarks casting an
imputation on the President.
Mr. BORLAND. I made no imputation against
him at all. a
Mr. BADGER. I so understood the Senator,
fhe Senator now says that the President of the
United States instead of deciding, as he should
have done, between the disagreeing committees of
the two Houses, has undertaken, without author-
ity, to adopt a plan oi his own. TVhy, surely the
Senator from Arkansas has not read the act of
Congress which authorizes the commencement of
this building. The two committees, if they had
been unanimous, had no power over the subject 
none m the world. The act of Congress submit-
ted the plan upon which the building was to be
erected entirely to the President. In his decision
and judgment under that act lie had no assessors
at all, The two committees had been employed
