1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
to collect and prepare plans, and they had been
authorized to offer a reward in order to procure
the best plan. They sent those plans to the Pre-
sident of the United States to aid him in Qomtng
to ins conclusions; and, if 1 am not mistaken—and
if I am, the Senator from Virginia [Air. Hunter]
can correct me—the two committees, so far from
supposing they had any authority over the sub-
ject, took care beforehand to ascertain whether the
President would be glad to have those plans, with
their views upon the subject, submitted to him.
Now, he has done what the act of Congress di-
rected him to do. He may have done it well or
ill. About that I say nothing; hut certainly he
has done nothing unlawfully. He has not put his
foot on the plans submitted by the two commit-
tees in derogation of their rights, or from a want
of respect to Congress. If it was not intended
that the President of the United States should de-
cide on the plan upon which these wings were lo
be erected, why did the act of Congress submit it
to him? It was not done by a Congress com-
posed of his political friends, but by one with de-
cided majorities politically opposed to him in both
branches. Why was it done? I happened to be a
member of the committee of conference by which
the final terms of that part of the bill were settled.
It was done by us because, as we understood, it
had been the uniform custom to place the selec-
tion of plans for such buildings under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States. That,
I believe, was the reason, and the sole reason.
Whether he has done it right or wrong, I am not
prepared to say. Whether he lW adopted a
good or a bad plan, I am not prepared to say. All
that I say is, that the act of Congress gave him
the sole authority of selecting the plan.
Mr. HUxYTER. I have no objection to any
call for information which the Senator from
Arkansas may think necessary. I am willing
that he shall have ail the light which he desires
on this subject. But perhaps it is just to the
President, especially after what has fallen from
the Senator from North Carolina, for me to say.
that the law as passed did give him the power of
selecting a plan, and did not confine him to the
plans of the committees of the two Houses.
Those committees disagreed, and that was one
reason why it was left to the President to select a
plan. He did ask for the drawings which had
oeen laid before the committees; he did invite
both committees to meet him for the purpose
of obtaining their views. I was present as a
member of one of the committees, and I believe
that all the members of both committees were
present, and that he took their views in relation
to the matter.
So far as the plan which has been adopted is
concerned, I belie\e (and I should be sorry to be-
lieve otherwise) that all which concerns the in-
terior of the building is still open to amendment
it Congress should desire it. I believe that that
will be examined by the committees hereafter,
uad that they will consult with the President in
regard to it.
As to the information for which the Senator
from Arkansas calls, I see no objection to it, and
I am perfectly willing that he shall have it, but I
am unwilling to believe that we shall be bound,
in relation to the interior of the building, by any
plan which may be adopted by thePresident, or
any one else. I do not understand that he has
decided on more than the exterior, and I think he
will so report. I say this because the Committee
on Public Buildings design to take up the sub-
ject, and io have something to say in regard to the
interior of the building.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not desire to constitute
myself the expounder of the views or the defender
of the action of the Committee on Public Build-
ings, as I knew they were ready and competent
to present them fairly before the Senate. But
although the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] and the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Baduer,] have said the law, as we passed it, did
leave the subject to the discretion of the President,
yet I did consider, and do now consider, that tlje
clear meaning and the intention of the law was
that the President should avail himself of the
labors of the two committees, and of the means j
put in thejr possession, to get the best plans. My
impression was, that it was intended that he j
should select from the plans presented by the com- !
mittees. I may have been mistaken in that, but i
I; such was, I think, the intention of the law. I so
. understood it; i so understand it now.
; The very remark which has been made by the
I, Senator from Virginia, with regard to the plan of
j the work, is, it seems to me, a sufficient ground of
j: itself for the resolution. Here we have a laige
work for the public interest and convenience, on
i| which we are to expend a large amount of money.
|| We have shown, as I before remarked, the great
11 importance which we attached to a proper plan.
!, Well, in disregard of the plans laid before the two
I committees, the work was begun, all the money
which we appropriated has been expended; and,
j, as I said, 1 learn on authority which 1 believe, and
j> shall continue to credit, until its statements are
disproved, that contracts to the amount of a million
;; tmrfa/itf//o/doMars havealreadybeenmade; and yet
' it is stated, by those who profess to know, that
there is no regular or determinate plan for the work
—no system for the expenditure of these vast sums
[ ofthe public money; except such as may,from time
to time, at his discretion or caprice, spring from
the mind of the President's architect, and upon
• his simple order. The very statement made by
t the Senator from Virginia, shows the necessity of
1 the passage of this resolution.
j Mr. BADGER. VV e are all in favor of it.
I The lesolution was then adopted.
| THE STEAMER EDITH-
' On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Senate
I proceeded to the consideration of the following
I resolution, which was submitted by him on the
: 24th January:
[ Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
i to lumish the Senate, as early a  practicable, with a copy of j
the pioceedings oi the Naval Court of Inquiry m (elation to ;
1 the lost? ofthe United States steamer Kdith, in 1849, to%- j
i gether with copies of the correspondence which formed the :
gioundoi the ordei given lo constitute &aidcourt, and of all i
tiie papers leferied to in the recoid of proceeding-?; also, 1
copies of ail import* or charges made to the Depait- \
' went against auv member composing said court in retcr- I
| ence to conduct while attached to the Pacific squadron; i
: copies of all correspondence botvveen the Department ami
, Commodore Thomas Ap Catesbv Jone?, relating to the said
steamer Edith; copies of the conefcpojidence with Kichard
j VV". Meade, late a lieutenant in the United States Navy dur-
; ing the year 1851; eopj ofthe charges and speeification«prc-
i ferred by Lieutenant Thomas T. Ciaven against Conmio- i
; dore Jone  in i£4y and 1&5U, with the leasons of tile De- i
purtment lot not acting theieon ; and copies of the eorre- 1
! spond :nce between the Departmentand the commanders of ,
1 the Pacific squadron, and all other officers of the Navy, in >
• relation to the erection of a steam ehcular saw-nnllin Call- j
j forma, and the expenditure* thereon.
S Mr. SEWARD offered the following as an
| amendment, to come in at the end of the resolu-
' tton:
Also, Commodoie Jones'® response to Lieutenant Cra-
ven's eiiaiges in repl\ to a letter from the Secretary of the
1 Navy, dated Septembei 7, lt'50; also,copies of two letters
■ from Commodore Jones, to the Secretary of the Navy, dated
' respectively December 7, 1850, and January 21, 1851, to-
i gather with the charges and specifications against Lieuten-
! ant Thomas T. Craven, and the documents ivlueh acoom-
1 pained said letters to the Secretary of the Navy for the trial
- of which a eotirt martial was demanded by Commodore
1 Jones, and refused by the Secretary ofthe Navy ij
Also, any coirespoudence between the Secietaryof the ;J
i Navy, the Commandant of the Bo-ton navy > aid, the Com- ij
; manderot the sloop or'-war Falmouth, and Lieutenant R. fi
< W. .Meade, betuccn the 5th duy oj Match and the 1st day Ij
of July, 1849, in relation to the'appomtment and transport- ||
1 ation of said R. W. Meade, and other officers, and engi- .]
neers, from Boston to the Pacific, for the United States
: propellor Edith.
i Mr. HUNTER. I am not disposed to vote for
resolutions calling for proceedings which have
been the subject of courts-martial. I do not see
: any use for this information. I do not see any
! practical good which is to arise from making such
! a call; and it may lead to dissensions in the Navy
i itself. I believe the discipline of the Navy has
j already suffered, from the fact that these calls are j!
too frequently made, and we are exposing tilings ji
' which perhaps had better lie in the archives of the ||
Department. These matters have been made the }!
subject of investigation, as I understand it. Some ij
! of them at least have been the subject of a court- j|
martial. Why open them again? |i
' Mr. BADGER. 1 think there can be no objec- p
tion to the adoption of the resolution. It is pre- tj
cisely such a resolution as was adopted at the ;;
. close of the last session, in the case of the point- ,j
martial of Commodore Jones. There is no inten- ji
tton of subjecting the decision ofthe court-martial ij
to a rehearing before the Senate; but the particular ji
information called for is important to the gentle-
man interested in it. He wants the benefit of it.
Mr. SEWARD. The resolution was originally
offered because complaint had been made by a late
officer of the navy that injustice had been done
him by a superior officer. For the purpose of ob-
taining all the facts of the case which were neces-
sary to an. understanding of the complaint, the
resolution was offered. Commodore Jones, who
was to be affected by the obtaining of the inform-
ation, called upon me, and at his instance the mat-
ter was delayed until certain amendments, ap-
proved, as I understand, by him, were prepared.
These have been suggested .at his instance and
that of his friends. These facts are stated for the
I purpose of showing that there is no design to ob-
J tarn partial information. As I understand it, the
] resolution, with the amendment, meets with the
j consent and favor of all the parties interested in
i the information which is proposed to be brought
; forward for publication. At least I have offered
; it in no spirit of hostility, unkindoess, or partial-
j ity towards either of the parties concerned.
| Mr. HUNTER. I will ask if this resolution
j does not propose to call out papers and letters of
t complaint against Commodore Jones, upon which
1 the Secretary of the Navy refused to institute
I charges at the time Commodore Jones was tried
i by a court-martial? and what is to be the effect of
| that but obvious injustice? It would have been
better that he should have instituted the charge,
if this is to be done, so that Commodore Jones
might have met it upon that court-martial. To
what are such calls likely to lead, but a renewal
of dissensions and differences which exist to too
great an extent already in the Navy? I know
we have a right to call for this information and
publish it to the world; but we have also a right,
1 if we believe such things have been pushed too
j far to the injury of the discipline of the Navy, to
i refuse to make the call, unless some obvious ne-
! cessity exists for it? I do not know that any
, necessity exists for this, 1 oppose it, not for the
! purpose of shielding Commodore Jones. I do not
j know that he has any objection to the resolution
! as it has been amended; but I oppose it because
I believe such things are mischievous to the disci-
pline of the Navy. I think we have already car-
ried these calls too far. But I will not detain the
Senate longer.
Mr. GWIN. At the last session of Congress,
the colleague of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] at the instance of Commodore Jones,
made a call for certain papers, which were fur-
nished to the Senate, and ordered to be printed.
In one of those papers there was a statement made
by Commodore Jones, which has been printed,
and is on our records, calling Lieutenant Meade,
of the Navy, " a worthless officer." This publi-
cation was the first information that Lieutenant
Meade had that such a term of reproach attached
to him. Before he saw it, he had resigned his
commission in the Navy, and he had no opportu-
nity of calling for an inquiry, it was a dishon-
orable and ignoble term, to be applied to one offi-
cer of the Navy by another. There was, in his
opinion, no remedy left but to call for certain pa-
pers which were filed in the Navy Department,
and upon which he thought he had cause to com-
plain; the Secretary of the Navy had refused to
institute an inquiry.
Now, sir, I think that many papers have been
published which should not have been called for,
as the Senator from Virginia has stated*, but here
is a gentleman who was, but is now no longer,
connected with the Navy, charged by a Commo-
dore in the Navy, with being a " worthless offi-
cer. " He wishes to have that charge investigated,
and it is for that purpose that he comes be-
fore the Senate and asks that papers, which he
thinks will relieve him from it, should be called
for and published. I do not intend to cast the
slightest censure upon Commodore Jones. I think
he has been harshly tieated. That is my opinion
in regard to his case. But I think it is due to £he
gentleman who desires the information now asked
for, and who was a gallant officer in the Navy,
that the papers should at least be called for, and
the Senate can publish them or not, as they please.
I do not now say that they ought to be published;
but they ought to be called for, and also those
named in the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New York, (Mr. Seward,] which it is sug-
gested are necessary to give a fair history of the
transaction proposed to Be investigated.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Califor-
nia, who has'exumined this matter, perhaps, more
