1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1711
give a general jurisdiction in enforcing all penal-
ties. It is as follows:
Sec. — Jlnd be it farther enacted, That all penalties
imposed by tins act may be recovered in an action of debt
by any person who will sue therefor, m any court of the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole, were to insert the following as ad-
ditional sections:
Sfo.41. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all engineers
and pilots shall, before entering upon their duties, make
solemn oatli before one of the inspectors herein provided
for, to be recorded with the certificate, that he will faith-
fully and honestly, according to his best skill and judgment,
perforin all tile duties required of him by this act, without
concealment or reservation; and if any such engineer,
pilot, 01 any witness summoned under this* act as a witness,
shall, when under examination, knowingly and intention-
ally falsify the truth, such person shall be dpemed guilty of
perjury, and if convicted, be punished accordingly.
Sec. 42. And be it jurther enacted, That all parts of
laws heretofore made, which are superseded by or are in-
consistent witli this act, are hereby repealed.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. There are two sections,. the
forty-fourth and forty-fifth, adopted by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, which are in-
serted in the wrong place. At the suggestion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, I propose to
transpose them. They ought to precede the forty-
second section.
The two sections were read, as follows:
Sec. 44. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the supervising
inspectors appointed under the provisions of this act, shall,
within their respective districts, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Tieasury, take the examination, or receive
the statements in writing, of persons of practical knowledge
and experience m the navigation of steam-vessels, the con-
struction and use of boilers, engines, machinery, and equip-
ments, touching the toim, material, and construction of en-
gines and then appurtenances; the causes of the explosion
of boilers and collapse of flues, and the means of prevention;
tile kind and description of safety-valves, water and steam-
gauges or indicators; equipments for extinguishment of
fires, and for the preseivation of life in case of accident, on
board of such vessels, and all other means in use or proper
to be adopted, for the better security of the lives of persons
on board vessels propelled in whole or inpartby steam; the
advantages and disadvantages of the different descriptions
of boilers, engines, and their appurtenances, safety-valves,
water and steam-gauges or indicators, equipments for the
prevention or extinguishment of fires, and the preservation
of life in case of accident, in use on board such vessels ;
whether any, and what further legislation is necessary or
proper for the better security of the lives of persons on
board such steam-vessels; which examination and state-
ments so taken and received shall be transmitted to the
Secretary of the Treasuiy, at such time as he shall pre-
scribe.
Sec. 45. Jlnd be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to cause sucb inter-
rogatories to be prepared and published as in Ills opinion
may be proper to elicit the information contemplated by the
preceding section, and upon the receipt of the examination
and statements taken by the inspectors, shall report the
same to Congiess, together with the recommendation of
such fuither provisions as he may deem proper to be made
for the better security of the lives of persons on board steam-
vessels.
Mr. HALE. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Tile question was taken, and the result was—
yeas 12, nays 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. CHASE. It is evident that there is no
quorum in the Chamber, and consequently we
can do no business. 1 therefore renew the motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 9, 18o2.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littletox F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
POSTAGE RATES.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order is
the hill " to reduce and modify the rates of post-
age in the United States, and for other purposes,"
reported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and postponed until to-day, that bill
taking precedence of the bill m reference to the
Wheeling bridge case.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the House to vcfte upon the
amendments proposed by the committee.
The Clerk then read the first amendment, which
is to strike out of line eleven the words " and a
half."
Mr. OLDS. That amendment simply proposes
to make the standard weight of newspapers and
pamphlets two ounces instead of two ounces and
a half.
Mr. BROOKS. I think, if the House will give
their attention to the subject, they will see that
that is an amendment which ought not to be made.
The committee originally reported, as will be seen
by reference to the eleventh line of the bill, two
and a half ounces to be the ultimatum of the weight
of newspapers, and, X believe, of pamphlets; and
the proposition now coming from the committee
is to strike out the half ounce, so as to make it
read, that the greatest weight of newspapers,
pamphlets, or periodicals shall be two ounces.
1 have not been able to ascertain the object of
that amendment, because 1 have heard no argu-
ment in its favor; but the reasons why it should
j not be adopted are plain, and I think 1 can satisfy
t the House that they are good reasons, if they will
i give me their attention for a moment.
It is the easiest thing in the world to make a
large newspaper, or a pamphlet of considerable
size' and of a great number of pages, of a very
light weight; but it is done by decreasing the
quality of the paper—the quality of the materials
of which it is made, and the thickness of the
newspaper. A newspaper, for example, of this
size, [holding up the Albany State Register,] may
be twice as large and yet not weigh more than
this does, if it is made of a thinner and lighter
material than this is. If this amendment should
be adopted, the newspapers and periodicals of the
country, to come within the purview of the post
office law, would have to be printed on paper of a
lighter material, so that what the post office would
gain the country would lose, both in the quality
of the paper and in the eye-sight of the commu-
nity. There is nothing more mischievous to the
people of this country that the bad paper upon
which their newspapers and pamphlets are print-
ed. That is the great cause of the use of specta-
cles in this country. The only reason why i have
occasion to use them—-for I once had as good eye-
sight as anybody—is from reading newspapers
printed on this thin paper—this paper of bad
quality. The amendment of the Senate will in-
crease the necessary demand for the use of spec-
tacles, by making the material worse and the news-
papers lighter and thinner, and so injuring the
whole community, it may be for the benefit of the
Post Office Department, or it may not be.
Now, I contend that it would be no substantial
benefit to the mail carriers to make these newspa-
pers lighter, for the great quantity of mails now
carried through this country, where the mail-bags
are large and numerous, are carried upon railroads
and steamboats, and it hardly matters to the coun-
try, therefore, how large or how heavy they are.
But even if it did matter to the country, it should
not be taken for a moment into consideration when
compared with the value of the eyes of the com-
munity, and with the value of having good ma-
terials upon which pamphletsand newspapers shall
be printed.
These arguments which I have attempted thus
briefly to illustrate, might be-dwelt upon much
more at leaigth; but m addition to this, the adop-
tion of the proposed amendment would be a cry-
ing injustice to some of the larger newspapers of
the country. I will remark here, that it does not
come in conflict with any newspaper in which I
am interested. The amendment, as it stands,
| meets my case; but it would be a crying injustice
' to yet larger newspapers—newspapers with which
my own is, in some degree, in rivalry, but whose
interests I nevertheless feel it my duty to repre-
sent. It will be a crying injustice to those news-
papers to compel them to curtail their size, or a
j crying injustice to the community if they did not
i curtail their size, but jvere compelled to employ
' thinner and lighter paper, for thereby a serious
' damage would be inflicted upon the community.
! Now, it is no injury whatever to the country to
I have large sheets for newspapers. The greater
I the industry and enterprise of newspaper propri-
j etors, and the printers of pamphlets and periodi-
1 cals the greater their disposition to increase the
size of their sheets, and furnish for a given amount
of money a certain quantity of reading matter, the
better it is for the public. It is a thing to be de-
sired. Large newspapers should be rather court-
ed than avoided. The last thing that Congress
should do, should be to say to the proprietors of
newspapers, Under no circumstances, under no
pressure of news and intelligence, sliall you print
an extra sheet. The effect of this amendment
would be to compel the proprietorof a newspaper
that was nearly the weight of two ounces, under
no circumstances whatever to print an extra sheet
—either with the speech of a member of Congress,
with foreign news, or with the domestic and po-
litical news that may be abundant in the country;
because the moment he attached an extra sheet to
his newspaper, it would come within the purview
of this amendment, and an additional tax would
be laid on the subscriber to the newspaper.
I think, sir, I have now sufficiently explained
the reasons why I oppose this amendment, and,
in conclusion, I express the hope that it may not
be adopted, but the bill will be allowed to Stand
as it was originally reported, with respect to this
provision.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. The business
properly in order this morning, was the biH
" granting the right of way and a portion of
' the public land to the States of Florida and
' Alabama for the construction of certain rail-
' roads in said States," that bill having been post-
poned until to-day. I am satisfied, however, that
the House is much more interested in the pas-
sage of this postage bill, than in a bill which
is entirely of local interest, and I am, therefore,
willing that the railroad bill shall be again post-
poned.
The SPEAKER. The Chairand the Clerk in-
advertently overlooked the bill to which the gen-
tleman from Florida refers, which would have
taken precedence of the bill now under considera-
tion.
Mr. CABELL. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the bill to which I refer until Thurs-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I have but a word or two to say
in reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] This is a question of some importance,
and I trust the House will listen to the few re-
marks I have to make in relation to it. The com-
mittee originally reported in favor of two and
a half ounces as the standard weight of newspa-
pers, and for an additional rate of postage for every
additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce. Upon
consultation, however, with the Senate commit-
tee, and with the Post Office Department, I was
directed to report an amendment to strike out the
half ounce, so as to fix the standard weight at
two ounces, and then the same rate of postage for
every additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce,
The argument used before thecommittee was this;
That if you fix the standard weight at two and a
half ounces, and then an increased rate for every
additional ounce or fraction of an ounce, you make
the weights for the post offices all over th^.coun-
try, in determining the postage upon newspapers
and other printed matter, fractions of an ounce—
two and a half ounces, three and a half obnees,
four and a half ounces, and so on. It was, there-
fore, thought advisable by the Department, and hy
the joint committee of the two Houses, that I
should be directed to report an amendment to
strike out the half ounce, and leave the standard
weight at two ounces.
Another argument in favor of this amendment
was this: we found, by examination at the Post
Office Department, that there were but few papers
in the country—not more, perhaps, than three or
four—the weight of which would be over two
ounces. Here, for example, is the New York
Courier and Enquirer, which is perhaps the
largest paper in the country. This paper weighs,
when dry, two ounces and three eighths of an
ounce. The New York Journal of Commerce is
another paper that weighs over two ounces, and
there are perhaps a few other papers in the coun-
try that would weigh ovei; two ounces—the stand-
ard weight we have fixed for newspapers. The
New York Herald, double sheet, the Tribune,
double sheet, the Express, double sheet, all of
them weigh under two ounces—the standard
weight—and it was deemed unwise by the com-
mittee and by the Post Office Department, to fix
the standard weight at a fraction of an ounce, for
the purpose-of accommodating four or five papers.
For myself, 1 do not care which the House shall
determine on, whether two and a half ounces, as
originally proposed by the committee, or two
ounces as now proposed by the amendment.
Mr. JENKINS. I desire to ask the gentleman
a single question. Would not the effect of the
