848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24.
than I have, says that this information is neces-
sary to vindicate Lieutenant Meade's character
against any aspersions, that would alter the case.
Mr. GWIN. That is the fact
Mr. HUNTER. But I ask if the resolution
does not call for information which in nowise con-
cerns Lieutenant Meade—information not in rela-
tion.to matters in which Commodore Jones was
connected with him, but in relation to matters in
■which Lieutenant Meade had no concern ? If such
is the case, ought the Senate to make itself a party
to any such quarrel? Upon the merits of it, as to
•whether Commodore Jones or Lieutenant Meade
is right, 1 do not intend to decide, but I say that
in such a matter as that we ought not to interfere.
Mr. MALLORY. We have clearly a right
to call for the information asked for by the Sen-
ator from New York, but the only objection is as
to the expediency of making the call. One objec-
tion, upon the ground of expediency, is, that it
may possibly involve charges against Commodore
Jones which have been presented to the Secretary
of the Navy, and upon which he has refused to act.
Another objection is, that it may affect the disci-
pline of the Navy. Now, from the little informa-
tion which I possess upon that subject, I am free
to say that the discipline of the Navy cannot be fur-
ther injured. Itis beyond all injury. I doubt if such
a term'can possibly be applied to the Navy. But
Commodore Jones, whom I have not the pleasure
of knowing, is a public officer. I know nothing of
any charges which are brought against him; but
if there does exist, in the mind of the Senator, any
reason why this information should be brought
forth, I should be glad to see it. The reputation
of an officer of the Navy should not only bear the
trial of an investigation, but it should be above
reproach; and if it cannot bear the investigation
of papers which may be brought in in this way,
the Senate ought to know it.
Mr. HALK. i confess that upon all these calls
for the opinion and proceedings of courts-martml
in relation to the relative rights of officers, I feel
the most profound indifFerence,and for this reason:
The honorable Senator from Florida says that the
discipline of the -Navy is beyond being injuted;
by which I understand him to mean that it is so
bad already, that it cannot be made worse. But
I call upon you, Mr. President, and the Senate to
notice this fact, that whenever a complaint is made
that the rights of the private are trampled upon,
the Senate are dumb, and there is no call for in-
formation and papers. Tt is notmore than ten years
since a subordinate officer in the American Navy
said that if he brought home some men there was
no punishment, for the worst crimes, for those who
had money and friends; and to prevent their fall-
ing into the hands of the administration of justice
in a country where money and friends could pro-
tect them from punishmentfor the worst crimes, he
hung them up to the yard-arm of the vessel, with-
out the form of a trial. We have never been able
to get the proceedings in that case before the Sen-
ate. They have been repeatedly asked for, but
they have never been, and I suppose never will
be ordered, I suppose it was in allusion to the
fact that citizens were thus hung up to the yard-
arm without the form of law, that the honorable
Senator from Florida based his assertion that the
discipline of the Navy is so bad that it cannot be
made worse, which 1 understand him to say.
Now, sir, until we begin to look at some of
these gross outrages upon, and violations of, the
rights of private individuals, I am willing to let
officers fight their own battles. I will not inter-
pose with any call of the Senate until we begin at
the beginning. You know that, at the last session
of Congress, there was a very respectable memo-
rial brought here, signed by great numbers of the
citizens of the neighborhood where the occurrence
took place, representing that a cruel and unusual
punishment had been inflicted upon a private sol-
dier in the Army of theTJmted States. Wecould
not get those proceedings printed. Oh, no ! noth-
ing of that sort could be done. Nobody but the
private soldiers were concerned. But when you
come to the officers there is great danger of the
discipline of the Army being: outraged, and the
Senate is to be appealed to. I do not know of any
application that has ever been made for publishing
the proceedings of a court-martial, either in the
Army or Navy, in which an officer was concerned,
that has not been granted. We publish just what
is wanted in such a case as that; but when the
rights of the sailor or soldier are trampled upon,
there is no remedy—no body cares about it, no
body wants information; even if a sailor is hung,
let him go, he is but a sailor—you can hire them
for ten or twelve dollars a month. If the Senate
will begin at the beginning, and vindicate the rights
of private individuals, I will then look out for the
officers; but until then it is a matter of the most
perfect indifference to me.
Mr. SEWARD. I have only one word to say
on this subject. During what little experience I
have had in legislation here and elsewhere, I have
never voted against any call for information in re-
gard to the conduct of public officers, whether po-
litical or personal friends of mine, or otherwise.
When we shail once have established the precedent
that any officer is beyond the reach of investigation
into his conduct, upon a fait claim made by any
person. I think there will be some danger to be
apprehended that greater evils will occur in ad-
ministrations than have ever yet occurred.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with the honorable
Senator from New York, but I cannot perceive
the object of this call. If the object is one of in-
vestigation, very well. If it is to be sent to a
committee for some action, it is very well. If we
can take any action upon it when it comes to us,
except barely to publish it, I am willing to vote
for it. But i think it is going very far, when we
call upon the Department to send us letters, docu-
ments, charges, specifications, &c., merely for the
purpose of publication. If we continue that, and
follow it up, we will occupy the time of the Senate
more in matters of that kind than we will in legit-
imate business. I hold that, when the object is to
refer the subject-matter of a court-martial to a
committee, in order to reexamine the matter, and
provide for the redress of some person who is sup-
posed to be injured, it is legitimate business for
the Senate; but when it is a quarrel between two
officers, and one wants to expose the other, and
wants to make the Senate an instrument for the
purpose of that exposition, I object. I think it
would be unjust to the service, unjust to the officers,
and unjust to the Senate of the tlnited States.
Mr. COOPER. I rise to express my concur-
rence in the views of the Senator from Illinois. I
do not know precisely the object of the amend-
ment to the resolution, and I am afraid that it is to
afford to one officer some advantage ill a personal
controversy over another. I know that there has
been a quarrel in progress between the two officers
named 111 the resolution, and I apprehend that the
Senate is to be made the medium through which
one of them will be the better able to assail the
character of the other. Believing that, I shall vote
against the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania, that if he is going to vote
for tbe'resolution, the amendment is necessary, in
order to do justice to Commodore Jones.
Mr. COOPER. I shall vote against the whole.
Mr. PRATT. I do not, pel haps, properly un-
derstand this question; but it seems to me that it
is one of power on the part of the Senate of the
United States. Have we any power over the sub-
ject to which this resolution relates? What can
we do? The gentleman who asks for the papers
is no longer in the Navy. It is not proposed that
he shall be reinstated in the Navy. What, then,
are we to do by obtaining this information ? Here
is a gentleman who was once in the Navy. Prior
to his resignation a charge was made against him.
He had resigned, it is said, without knowing any-
thing of that charge; and now he asks that these
papers shall be brought to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, for no other purpose—because there
can be no other legitimate purpose—than to have
them published to the world. We have no power
over the subject. It is not asked that we shall in-
terest ourselves to have this officer reinstated in
the Navy. What power have we over a charge
made by an officer of the Navy against a citizen
of the United States? If he has been injured, he
has his remedy, as you or I have, if any charge
is made detrimental to our character. He, not
being an officer in the Navy, has only the same
powers that we have, as individuals. 1 do not
see that the Senate can properly use the informa-
tion asked for by the resolution, and therefore I
am opposed to both the resolution and the amend-
ment.
Mr. RUSK. As 1 understand this matter, it
proceeds upon another ground than our power to
take any legislative action upon the information.
If I have understood it correctly, Commodore
Jones was tried by a court-mania!. At his in-
stance, the Senate then called for certain papers
which he imagined were necessary to vindicate his
character against the charges made by the court-
martial. In answer to that call there comes a
letter making a serious charge against a gentleman
who was a lieutenant in the Navy, but who has
since resigned; and it is published to the world
over the signature of Commodore Jones.
Mr. BADGER. We published it.
Mr. RUSK. This gentleman desires that all
the facts shall come out, as to the charge of his
being a worthless officer; which charge was pub-
lished by the action of the Senate. As he says—
so I am told—that he cannot procure these letters
from the Secretary of the Navy, I think, without
knowing anything about the merits of the contro-
versy, it is nothing but just to him, when we have
called for information against him, that we should
procure the information in his favor.
Mr. CASS. 1 suppose no member of the Sen-
ate claims the right of overruling the constitutional
power of the President, as Commander-in-Chief.
I do not suppose we mean to review the proceed-
ings of the court-martial with the view of over-
turning them. But I take it for granted that, in
our legislative capacity, we have a general right
and duty to overlook all the concerns of the Gov-
ernment. We have a right to call for the proceed-
ings of a military or naval court-martial, with a
view to ascertain what abuses are committed, and
what legislation is required to correct them and
prevent them thereafter. That, I think, is within
the scope of our legislative duty. But I agree
with my friend from Illinois, that I would not
suffer the records of this Senate to be the vehicle
of criminations and recriminations between gentle-
men in the Army and Navy. I believe it would
be almost impossible to hold a court-martial in
which different sides would not betaken, and pas-
siofts excited. There will be, and there have been,
ever since the first court-martial was held, and
there will be to the latest, criminations and recrimi-
nations. Are we to suffer our records to be the
vehicles for those charges? If any piactical re-
sult is to follow the adoption of this resolution—if
it is claimed that legislation may be required upon
it—I am prepared to vote for it; but I will never
vote for a resolution that looks merely to the pub-
lication of the criminations and recriminations of
different officers.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the circumstances be as rep-
resented by the honorable Senator from Texas, it
will alter my course in this particular case, because,
according to my rule in these cases, we ought
either not to begin a thing of this kind, or we
should go on to the end. But I think that this may
havea salutary effect in guarding us against hasty
action hereafter. If we have commenced this thing
and called for a part of the proceedings, and if the
part which has been placed before the country
does injustice to one of the parties, and he calls
for the residue in justice to himself, that state of
things alters the case altogether.
But I come back to the original principle, and I
am happy to find my friend from Michigan, who
has had experience in these matters, take the same
ground that I take. I have myself witnessed the
fact that we are calling day after day and week
after week for matters that have no legitimate
concern with the ordinary business of legislation,
merely for the purpose of publishing them to the
world. I hope that this debate and the action
upon this case may check us hereafter. I would
ask the Senator who offered this resolution, wheth-
er a part of the proceedings has already been pub-
lished, and whether this is a call for the residue ?
Mr. SEWARD. That is the fact.
Mr. SHIELDS. If that be the case, it will
alter my course on this occasion.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator say that
any of the proceedings in relation to Lieutenant
Meade have been published ? In the proceedings
of the court-martial in relation to Commodore
Jones, which were published, there appeared a
letter from Commodore Jones to the Secretary of
the Navy, in which he referred to Lieutenant
Meade, and said, I believe, that he was a worth-
less officer. Lieutenant Meade now comes here
for the purpose of disc-editing Commodore Jones,
and calk for information which does not at all
relate to himself, or to his own case, but which
Ik
