It 12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9.
amendment be.- to compel the publishersof these
large ^papers to use a thinner and inferior paper
instead of the better paper which they now use?
Mr. OLDS. We supposed th^t the effect of it
would be to induce the publishers of the Courier
and Enquirer, and other Ia,rge papers which are
three fourths filled with advertisements peculiarly
• for the city, to issoe an edition of a small size for
country circulation, and that .that would be the
only effect of it.
Mr, SKELTON. I propose an amendment to
the amendment, which will probably meetthe views
both of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office, and Post Roads, and of the-gentleman from
New York. I propose that the weight be fixed
at three ounces, thus avoiding the fraction of an
ounce, and securing all the advantage which the
gentleman from New York desires. I perceive
that this clause of the bill includes periodicals and
pamphlets, as well as newspapers. Now, period-
icals and pamphlets are perhaps the most import-
ant publications in the country, and three ounces
would cover many of them. I therefore propose
the amendment to the amendment which I have
indicated, to strike out " two and a half," and in-
sert " three" in lieu thereof.
Mr. OLDS. I will state to the gentleman from
New Jersey an objection which ought to be fatal
to his amendment. Tt is this: if you make the
standard rate of postage of all printed, matter, at
one cent per "three ounces, for a distance, as pro-
posed by this bill, under three thousand miles, the
consequence will be that all periodicals, in short,
all printed matter, would be made^to conform to
that weight. Take, for illustration, of the period-
icals of the country, Harper's Monthly Magazine,
which now weighs about eight ounces—the postage
on which, under my bill., would be seven cents—
this would issue in three numbers, instead of one,
and the postage, instead of seven cents, would be
three cents. Other periodicals would conform to
the same practice. The'result will be to so cripple
the revenue of the Post Office Department, which
is now already more than a million and a half
short of the expenses, that we shall have to make
still larger appropriations' from the Treasury of
the United States to meet the deficiency.
Mr. SKELTON. I cannot see the force of the
gentleman's remarks. The expense of transport-
ing three ounces instead of two and a half ounces,
wul make hut little difference in the increased ex-
penses of the Department. The increase of weight
allowed to be transported for a given sum, will be
a great advantage to the intelligence of the coun-
try.
Mr. OLDS. One single remark in reply to the
gentleman. - By the gentleman's proposition, he
would,not equalize the burden of the postage, for
the reason that three fourths, four fifths, nay,
ninety-nine hundredths of the newspapers of the
country would not come up to the weight of three
ounces, and yet you would'charge those weighing
over one ounce and less than three ounces, the
same rate of postage you charge upon printed
matter weighing three ounces. If the supposition
be true that the periodicals of the country will con-
form in their weight to the standard you fix in this
bill, if you raise it from two to three ounces, it
will diminish the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment, in the ratio of two to three, so far as
paper postage is concerned.
Fhe question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Skelton, and it was not
agreed to.
, The SPEAKER. Thequestion recurs upon the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee, to strike out " two and a half ounces," and
insert " two ounces."
Mr. BROOKS. Then all who are in favor of
two ounces will vote to strike out, and those who
are in favor of leaving the bill as it is, at two and
a half ounces, will vote in the negative?
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. OLDS called for tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Olds and Fowler appointed.
Mr. OLDS. Let the question be again stated,
that the attention of the House may be called to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will-again state
the amendment. It is to strike out of the original
bill " two and a half ounces" and insert two
ounces;" so that it will read, " and of no greater
weight than two ounces, shall be charged with
one cent postage," &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. If this amendment is
adopted it will exclude the larger papers from the
mails.
The SPE AKER. If the amendment is rejected-
the. original bill will stand at "two and a half
ounces;" but if it_is- adopted it will stand " two
ounces-." " Those in favor of two ounces will first
pass through the tellers.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 67, noes 52.
So the amendment, substituting two ounces for
two and a half ounces, was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the adoption"of the second amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Is this amendment j
upon any further amendable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that after
the amendments proposed by the committee shall
have been disposed of, it will be competent to
amend the bill in any of its parts.
Mr. BROOKS. Will it be necessary to go
through all the amendments to the whole bill ?
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it would be itiore
regular to go through with the amendments pro-
posed to each section first, and then receive any
amendments that may be offered by gentlemen of
the House to that particular section. The Chair
understands that there are several amendments
proposed by the committee to that particular sec-
tion, which will be first disposed of, and then the
gentleman can propose his amendments.
The following amendments to the first section
were then severally read, considered, and agreed
to, viz:
1st amendment: Section 1, Eleventh line,-strike out the
words and a half."
2d amendment: Same section. Thirteenth and four-
teenth lines, strike out " two" and insert " three" m each
line.
3d amendment: Same section. Fifteenth line, strike out
the words " published regularly," and insert the words
" and penodieals, not weighing over one ounce, published
regularly a  often as once in three months."
4th amendment: Same section. Sixteenth and seven-
teenth lines, strike out the words " and not weighing over
one ounce."
5th amendment: Same section. Seventeenth line, after
the word " with," insert the word " only."
6th amendment: Same section. Nineteenth line, strike
out the word " either."
?tli amendment: Same section. Twentieth line, after the
word " or," insert the words " paid quarterly in advance."
8th amendment: Same section. Twenty-first line, alter
the word " thereon," strike out the remainder of said sec-
tion.
9th amendment: Strike out the third section.
Mr. FOWLER. I would suggest that the first
section, as it has now been amended, be read, so
that we may know how it stands.
The first section, as above amended, was then
read, as follows:
Be it enacted, That from and after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and fittytwo, the postage upon
all printed matter passing through the mail of the United
States, instead of the rates now charged, shall be as follows,
to wit: Each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine,,
book, bound or unbound, circular, catalogue, and eveiy
other description of primed matter, unconnected with any
inaiiusciipt or writing, and of no greater weight than two
ounces, shall be charged with one cent postage, and one
cent for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, (or
any distance under three thousand miles ; and for any dis-
tance over three thousand nnles, double those rates. All
newspapers and periodicals not weighing over one ounce,
published regulaily as often as once in three months, and
sent fiom the office of publication to actual subscribers,
shall be chargeable with only one half the foregoing rates.
The postage upon all printed mailable matter shall be pre-
paid at the office where it is mailed, or paid quarterly in
advance at the office ol delivery; otherwise double the
foregoing lates shall be cliaiged thereon.
The SPEAKER. Amendments are now in
order to the section just read.
Mr. OLDS. It will be seen that this bill pro-
vides that " from and after the 30th day of June,
1852, the postage upon all printed matter," &c.
That day having passed, it becomes necessary to
amend it in that respect. I move to stiike out the
word " June,"and insert " September."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise in opposition to the sec-
tion as it now stands, and I shall be under the
necessity of repeating a part of my argument to
the House, because in the then state of the House,
not one half of the members now present were
then present, and the vote on the amendment was
taken in such a manner, that while there was a
majority at the beginning of the vote—in order to
make a quorum, that majority became converted
into a minority. It arose from our curious habits
of doing business here, and shows how much
legislation on the most important questions is sub-
ject to chance. I do not suppose the House can
well have a more important subject for legislation
than this respecting the rate of postage'upon
newspapers' passing through the mails, with its
consequent influence upon the intelligence of the
people of this country;
I must, then, beg the pardon of the House, if
I- repeat a few of the arguments which I advanced
upon the opening of this morning's session.
The maximum weight newspapers and pam-
phlets are now allowed to have, is three ounces. If
l am not coirect in this statement, I beg the
chairman of the Post Office Committee will correct
me.
Mr. OLDS. It is so.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman says it is so.
This fact being taken for granted, then, that three
ounces is the maximum weight of newspapers
passing through the post office, I beg the House
to remember that the proposition contained in
this section of the bill is to reduce jthat weight
from three ounces to two ounces.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman from New
York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. What is the weight of the pam-
phlet containing the .life of General Scott ? [Laugh-
ter.] '
Mr. BROOKS. This proposition to reduce the
•weight of newspapers from thre£ to two ounces
is a proposition of a good deal of importance.
There are newspapers in the country over the
weight of two ounces now, whose weight and
quality of paper are materially affected by this
section of the bill. It is not expected, nor will
the passage of this bill compel them to reduce the
size of their papers. That is not possible. But
the effect will *be to compel them to print those
papers upon lighter materials, and thinner paper,
and the effect of this provision upon thosepersons
who read those papers, will be to destroy their
eyesight.
Now, I hold in my hand a Congressional
Globe, which I use as an illustration, because it is
now on every member's table. The value of
that paper per pound is about twelve cents. That
weight of paper is about one third more than
would be the weight of paper which-could be
bought for eight or nine cents, and yet every man
who reads the Congressional Globe will admit
that it is better to read upon paper of this weight
and quality, than upon paper worth eight or nine
cents per pound, of much thinner quality, and
much worse material.
And yet if the principle of the general law in-
tended for some existing newspapers, was to be
applied to this Congressional Globe, the size of it
would be preserved, but it would be printed upon
paper worth eight or nine cents per pound, and
of much thinner material.
No good, therefore, comes to the country from
the adoption of such a proposition as this, but
great mischief to the eyesight of the commuity,
—injury to the paper manufacturers, and to the
art of printing, and of course damage to the country
is to be apprehended from the passage of this
proposition.
I contend, further, that it is a war against intelli-
gence and the circulation of intelligence. The
country has everything to gain by the largeness
of its newspapers, the quantity of reading matter
they contain, and the numerous extra sheets they
put into circulation. Formerly, when this coun-
try had in it some thirteen or fourteen States,
small sheets were sufficiently large to diffuse
throughout the whole of it its intelligence; but now
that we have thirty-one States, it is impossible for
any legislator, any public man, or any individual
to thoroughly comprehend the condition of the
country unless intelligence be spread out in some
proper form or other. In order to effect that,
the country must have intelligence spread before
it in large sheets, or extra sheets -accompanying
the newspapers. Often upon the arrival from Cal-
ifornia, there come ten or eleven columns of news
of the highest importance to all parts of the coun-
try, from which emigrants have gone to Califor-
nia. To spread that intelligence sufficiently be-
fore the public you must have extra sheets accom-
pan ying the n ewspapers. Newspapers, with tb eir
extra sheets, will weigh over the two ounces pre-
scribed in this bill; and if they print extra sheets,
the tax will, fall upon the community, or thepro-
