1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
The twenty-fifth amendment, the next In order,
was then read, as follows:
"For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation ol'the United States mail between New York ana
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips por annum, at such times as shall he directed by the
Postmaster General, and in conformity to his last annual
report to Congress, and his letter of the 15th of November
last to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing said in-
creased service on tlie 1st of January, 1853, at the- rate of
$33,000 per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum
of §235,500 r Provided, That it shall be in tlie power of
Congress, at'any time after the 31st day of December, 1854,
to terminate the arrangement for the additional allowance
herein provided for, upon giving six months' notice." x
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade,] to strike out " 33," and
insert " 25," so as to make the appropriation
$25,000 per trip, instead of $33,000.
The questibn was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DEAN; As it is necessary at this stage of
the question to propose some amendment to the
bill in order,to obtain the floor, I therefore move
to strike out I he proviso.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire to amend the prior
clause of the bill, and I wish to ascertain if, after
this proposition to strike out the proviso is acted
upon, it will be in t>rder to go back to the prior
part of the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it will
be in order to go back to any part of it.
Mr, DEAN. This is the only question which
has arisen during this session upon which I have
entertained doubts as to the way I ought to vote.
While every feeling of national pride bid me say
ay, my fixed opinions of opposition to the crea-
tion or continuance of monopolies by the General
Government, or of grants by it of bounties to in-
dividuals, seemed to compel me to give a reluctant
nay to the application. Amid this apparent strug-
gle between principle and patriotism, I examined
the subject in its various bearings, and am satis-
fied that all objections on principle are without
foundation; that it is a question free from all con-
stitutional difficulty; that the amount of the ap-
propriation is the only real question about which
we should differ. Ilaving, after a thorough ex-
amination, come to this conclusion, I endeavored
some days since to obtain the floor to give the
reasons which would induce me to vote for the
appropriation inserted by the amendment of the
Senate, and now recommended by the Committee
on Ways and Means of this House. Not suc-
ceeding at that time, as my time is now limited by
our rules, I shall avail myself of the privilege
universally granted, as my time will expire before
finishing my remarks, to hand my notes to the
reporters, that my constituents, to whom I am
immediately responsible for every vote, may un-
derstand in full the reasons by which my action
has been determined.
The first question to be settled in passing upon
this appropriation is, ought this Government to aid
in maintaining the Collins or a similar line of steam-
ers between this country and England ?
If this is answered in the affirmative, the only
remaining question is, whether we are not obliged to
sustain this line now, because of the impossibility at
this time of obtaining any other ships, of sufficient
capacity awl speed, to carry the mails between .\ew
York and Liverpool, in a sxKcessfal competition with
the Ctmarders ?
In discussing the first proposition, it becomes
proper that 1 should address myself to the ques-
tion propounded by the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] who, in opposing this measure
yesterday, asked, " Where can you find the pow-
er in the Constitution to make this appropriation ?"
Now, sir, I might answer the question by citing
precedents almost innumerable, of the exercise of
similar powers, with the approval of every Admin-
istration; or point to the unbroken line of policy
from the foundation of the Government. I might
say that the creation of this system was upon the
recommendation of President Polk in his annual
message—that the law was passed by a Demo-
cratic Congress, and approved and signed by a
Democratic President. But I do not propose to
answer it in that way, choosing rather to point
out the specific clauses in the Constitution which
au horize this appropriation. By referring to the
preamble to the Constitution we shall find that
one of the objects for which it was adopted was :
" to provide for the common defense and promote
the general welfare." And the eighth section of :
the first.article reads as follows:
" The Congress shall have powerto lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises; to pay the debts, and provide
for the common defense and general welfare of the United
States."
That is, the taxing power is given to raise money
for the purpose of providing for the common de-
fense. Admitting, however, that it can only be
exercised in pursuance of the subsequent grants
of power, this, taken in connection with the war-
making power, and the means to be employed* in
the exercise of this prerogative not being specified
in the fundamental law, the right to employ such
as in our judgment the wants and exigencies of
the times require must be clear and undisputed.
At one age of the world this duty on our part
would have been properly discharged by building
high walls, by arming our soldiers with spears,
swords, javelins, and shields. At a later day,
and while we had no commerce, by raising troops,
furnishing them with fire-arms and ammunition,
arid erecting and manning fortifications to protect
our harbors and the passes to our country.
Now, it is to be noticed that the manner in which
the common defense is to be provided for, is not
restrained in the Constitution, except by the lim-
itations of the express powers. Wearenowhere
told that we may build a fort, establish and main-
tain a military academy or arsenal, or make or
purchase fire-arms; yet the exercise of these pow-
ers has always been unquestioned as necessary
implications from the war-making power and the
power to impose taxes to provide for the common
defense. If it can be shown that by sustaining this
lme^it will aid in providing for the common de-
fense in case of war, the right to make the ap-
propriation is clear. But will it necessarily effect
this object? We have now a commerce which is
universal—and in view of the revolution that steam
has effected in navigation, and the probability that
the next war that any foreign Power shall 'wage
agamst us will be upon the ocean—when all these
have their steam navies—in view of this, the ne-
cessity which this changed state of affairs creates,
I submit that the power is not only within the
strict purview and meaning of the Constitution,
but that the duty on our part to exercise it in this
manner is imperative; that a steam navy is as ne-
cessary now as were fire-arms and gunpowder in
the time of the Revolution. But I find in an-
other provision of the Constitution—in the grant
to establish post offices and post roads—a direct
power for that purpose.
Now, gentlemen may say, perhaps, that you
cannot build a road upon the Atlantic. Why,
you can build a road there as well as upon a
river; and the rivers in this country are made
post roads; and I cannot see any reason why the
ocean cannot be so used. In fact, this line has
bridged the Atlantic, and connected New York
with Liverpool.
And, Mr. Chairman, there is no direct power in
the Constitution to transport the mails. But it is a
necessary incident to the powers granted. As I
see my time is nearly out, I have only to say that
I find the power in another part of the Constitu-
tion, which is " thepower to regulate commerce."
For it is impossible to regulate commerce unless
the Government provide for the transmission of
intelligence. We must have foreign correspond-
ence, and all our Atlantic cities are interested in
this matter, as well as the people at large. I say,
therefore, in the Constitution, in addition to the
power to provide a navy, there are three other
distinct grants of power under which this appro-
priation can be justified.
I will not now amplify these points, but merely
add there is another point, and that is, the na-
tional objects to be promoted by this enterprise.
We are now compelled to meet and compete with
England, with our naval and commercial marine, in
a contest for the commerce of the world; and other
gentlemen may do as they please, but in this, the
third war with jEngiafuZ-whieh we are now waging,
I, for one, mean to be on the side of my country.
The contest now is, for commercial, industrial,
and naval supremacy. It is a contest which we are
waging, not by one class of our people against
another, but a contest which the manufacturers,
which the commercial class, which our artisans,
and our citizens generally are waging with Eng-
land, for commercial and manufacturing suprem-
acy; and I say, that in a contest of this kind, I,
for one, will be on the side of my country.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has the war been regularly
declared ?
Mr. DEAN. Yes, sir, the war has been reg-
ularly declared; or, rather, it exists by the act of
England, for the power of the British Government
is, and for years has been, devoted to the main-
tenance of this Cunard line.
Mr. NABERS. I am very happy, Mr. Chair-
man, to agree m one particular with the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dean,] who has just taken
his seat. It is this, that he is always found upon
the sideof his couniry. lam always found there,
and not only upon the side of a part of my coun-
try, but all my country. Am I to understand that
the Collins line embraces the whole country ? Am
I to infer that it embraces not only the people, but
the Constitution, too? If so, I am free to confess
that I have read that Constitution in vain.
The gentleman quotes the article in the Consti-
tution about the common defense and general wel-
fare, and applies it to the bounty which this
amendment proposes to give the Collins line of
ocean steamers. This is perverting a constitu-
tional provision, which was intended to embrace
all, to the benefit of a select few. It is invoked to
aid a particular interest, and that, too, at the ex-
pense of the general welfare. Read the Consti-
tution again, sir I have not the honor of a per-
sonal acquaintance with the gentlemen interested
in the Collins line, but I take it for granted that
they are shrewd men, and know how to approach
us; and how do they do it ? Why, by puttingthe
British upon our back, and appealing to our pa-
triotism. Sir, it is the first time, in the history of
this country, that I have ever known that hallowed
principle called patriotism to be put up to the
highest bidder for cash! In 1847, or whenever the
contract was made with E.'K. Collins &, Co., they
agreed to be patriotic for §385,000 a year!
[Laughter.] 1 say they agreed for a stipulated
price to play the patriot, but they have tired out
at that price, arid now they demand, for a contin-
uance of their patriotism towardsour country, the
small and insignificant sum of $800,000, or up-
wards,per annum ! Who couldnotbe patriotic for
that money, sir? [Laughter.] Point me to a man
upon,the earth who would refuse to be patriotic
for a handsome sum like that. The questions
were asked on yesterday by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Polk,] " Have you no nation-
ality? Do you limit your patriotism by the round
of a dollar?" To the first question I answer,yes.
I am proud of my nationality. To the second I
answer, no. My patriotism is not limited by the
round of a dollar, but the patriotism of E. K. Col-
lins and Co. would seem to be thus limited. What
do they say ? They come forward to this House
and tell you, unless you increase their compensa-
tion, they cease their patriotism; that is, they will
let the line go, and suffer the British to catch
yod ! I recollect in the early struggles of this
country for liberty that men made great sacrifices
in order to be patriotic. I recollect thatold General
Marion used to sleep in the swamps of South
Carolina, dash out occasionally with his men to
fight the British and Tories by way of getting
fresh air and a little recreation, and then return to
his hiding-place, and lived upon parched corn
and roast potatoes served up upon a piece of pine
hark! That was patriotic in those days. But
patriotism in 1852 means magnificent floating pal-
aces—means a princely fortune as the result of a
contract with the Government of the United States.
But, sir, I deny that this Congress has the right to
make such discrimination as is contemplated by
this amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. M1LLSON. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Dean] moves to strike out the whole
proviso. I wish to know if it is in order to amend
the proviso which has been proposed to be stricken
out?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order. The proviso is an independent proposition,
complete in itself, and is therefore subject to
amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the proviso
by striking out the words "fifty-four," in the
fourteenth line, and inserting "fifty-two" in lieu
