1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
thereof, so as to authorize Congress, at any time
after the 31st day of December, 1852, to terminate
the contract*
Mr. Chairman, I should be false to every prin-
ciple by which my public conduct has heretofore
been regulated, if I failed to express my utter and
earnest opposition to this amendment of the Sen-
ate. I will not now go into a discussion of the
question, whether it be consistent with the princi-
ples of the Democratic party to make this appro-
priation Nor do I deem it at all necessary to
reply to the argument of the gentleman from New-
York, [Mr. Dean,] that the preamble of the Con-
stitution confers upon Congress authority to pro-
vide for the common defense and the general wel-
fare of the United States. 1 need make no other
answer to this argument than to refer him to the
resolutions of the late Baltimore Convention; and
if the gentleman claims membership in the Demo-
cratic party, and subscribes to the doctrines pro-
claimed by their Convention, he will require no
other answer to his arguments- He will find
there a resolution, adopting into the Democratic
creed the resolutions of Kentucky and Virginia,
and the report of Mr. Madison to the Virginia
Legislature, in which this very heresy of his is
condemned and repudiated.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman, which resolution of the Baltimore Conven-
tion he refers to?
Mr. MILLSON. I refer to that declaring that
the Democratic party will uphold the principles
laid down in the Kentucky and Virginia resolu-
tions,
Mr. CARTTER. Of'98?
Mr. MILLSON. Yes, sir. But what is the
case before the House? The statement of it is
simple enough. A company of gentlemen have
embarked in an enterprise for the transportation of
passengers and merchandise between New York
and Liverpool. They have entered into a contract
to carry the mail at a stipulated price. It is not
pretended that their compensation for this service
is too small. But they say that their expenses far
exceed their receipts, and they inform us that they
must abandon their enterprise, unless the United
States will a^ree to make up the losses they must
suffer. The ill success of their adventure has in
no way been occasioned by us, but it is proposed
to increase their allowance, already dispropor-
lioned to the actual service rendered, so as to ena-
ble them to prosecute their business. Sir, I see
nothing in this system, but pure, simple, unmiti-
gated protection, and protection in its most odious
form.
I will do the Wlvgs of the country the justice
to say that they have never yet, in their advocacy
of the protective system, ventured so far as to put
their hands into the public Treasury, and take
from it sums of money for the purpose of bestow-
ing them m bounties to favored classes; and 1 will
do them the further justice to say that, while they
urge what they wrongly suppose to be the protec-
tion of American against foreign interests, they
have never gone so far as to urge the protection of
American interests against American rivalry. No,
sir; much as I condemn the policy they have
sought to establish, they have never yet gone to
the extent of seeking to protect one single manu-
facturer of cotton in Connecticut against ali the
other manufacturers of cotton in theUmted States.
Upon such a question as this, the discussion of de-
tails would seem hardly to be necessary. There
are some propositions we ought to be prepared to
reject without any scrutiny of particulars. But
let me diiect your attention to the extent of this
protection. According to the showing of the gen-
tlemen who are the proprietors of these steam-ves-
sels, their receipts have been $48,286 85 per rnp.
Deduct, then, the amount paid them by the Gov-
ernment of the United States—$19,000—and then-
whole receipts, from all sources, have been only
$29,286 85. And yet, we are now asked to give
them $33,000 per trip ! All their earnings from
the transportation of passengers and merchandise
only amount to the sum of $29,236 85, and we are
asked to pay them fortransporlinga few mail bags
$33,000 per trip; that is to say, a sum largely
exceeding the whole of their income from all other
sources.
But, sir, will even this amount save them from
loss? In their own exhibit, the average expense
of each trip is set down at $65,215 64; and if they
should hereafter receive $33,000 per trip from the
Government, their income, unless their other re-
ceipts should be swelled, would only be ^62,286 85;
so that their loss in twenty-six trips would still be
upwards of £76,000 per year.
But all this is to be done, not for the sake of
Mr. Collins and his associates, but for the good of
the country. Yes, sir, that is the excuse. The
same thing has always been said, when burdens
have been laid upon the people, for the purpose of
giving undue advantages to certain protected in-
terests. It was done for the good of the country;
to stiengthen us in war; to increase our respecta-
bility abroad; to protect American labor against
British rivalry; to increase the demand for our
agricultural productions. It was done for the
good of the farmer, the mechanic, and the mer-
chant, who had to bear the burden, rather than
for the manufacturer, who saddled it on them.
We are accustomed to such arguments as these.
The people have never been much impressed with
them. They are, indeed, not quite original in our
own country. Goldsmith pleasantly tells us that
the sumptuous dinners which the churchwardens
used to itote themselves, were only eaten for the
good of the poor of the parish.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I shall not
attempt to discuss the constitutional question
which presents itself in connection with the con-
sideration of the subject-matter now before the
committee; but, sir, 1 must say, with due defer-
ence to the coordinate branch of this Legislature,
that I think they have traveled slightly out of the
way upon a mere deficiency hill—a bill, sir, to
provide for the deficiencies in the expenditure of
your Government—to add to that deficiency bill
the enormous expenditure now proposed.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Make your point of order.
Mr. CARTTER. I will endeavor to do it.
My point of order is this: that it is competent to
speak against the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] which amendment
was against the bill. The gentleman is putting up
a second speech against the bill. Instead of speak-
ing against the amendment, he is speaking for it.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the gentleman
has proceeded, the Chair is not able to determine
that he was out of order. The amendment is one
to limit the appropriation to 1852, instead of to
1854. The gentleman may be in favor of the bill
or against it, and yet support the amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. Ihe Chair has certainly
decided correctly, because I have not yet deter-
mined my position. Before I shall have taken my
seat, the question of order might, perhaps, have
been properly raised upon me.
Sir, 1 desire to obtain from the friends of this
bill, information upon two or three important
I points. My understanding is, that when this Col-
lins company asked the Government to enter into j
partnership with them, they proposed tocarry the '
mall for §>385,000, with which sum they would be !
able to compete with the British line. They now I
come forward and ask the Government to swell 1
that appropriation to upwards of £800,000. Now, [
sir, we require the War Department, the Navy |
Department, and the various other departments of ■
the Government, to show in detail the expendi- i
tures of the Government. The Collins company !
come forward and say that they have expended a ;
very large amount of money. How have they j
expended it? I desire to know of the friends of ;
this measure, whether or not that company were i:
in debt about one million of dollars, at the time ;
they launched their vessels, and were ready to i
carry out this contract? I desire to know if the \ \
stock of the company has not been depreciated to
from thirty to fifty below par? I desire to know,
further, what salaries they pay their officers ? I
have been informed that they pay their captains
£6,000 per annum. If that be true, I desire to
know of the friends of the company, if they can-
not command the services of competent officers ij
for §3,000 per annum ? !
Sir, let these gentlemen come forward and give \
us a bill of particulars. Let them show the Gov- :
ernment why they have gone into this extraordi- ,
nary and extravagant expenditure of money, and j
not deal in these vague generalities. Let them be 1
required to do that which the Departments of this j
Government are required to do. Sir, it is an out- i
rage and an imposition upon this Government, to J
asK ua to appropriate this mpney without know- i
ing how the company have incurred these exorbi-
tant expenditures.
The learned constitutional lawyer from New
York [Mr. Dean] gets up here and tells the
House and the country that he is a Democrat,
that this is a Democratic measure, and that it has
been a Democratic measure since the foundation
of the Government. The gentleman must have
but little respect for the House of Representatives
to present legal view.*? in such a vague and indefi-
nite manner. Sir, if this is not pro-teuion—pro-
tection in its most odious form—I confess that I
know not what protection consists in. Sir, an
appeal is made to the House of Representatives
that this is a contest between Great Britain and
America; and those who oppose this appropri-
ation are told that their patriotism is not large
enough, h^h enough, expansive enough, to pro-
tect our Government and our country against
Great Britain.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. I believe this to be an im-
portant amendment, and I therefore ask for tellers.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to inquire if it is now
in order to oppose the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. CARTTER. I believe the rule is, that
there may be one speech in opposition io the
amendment. But the speech of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMulli^,] who has just
taken his seat, was an elaborate argument in favor
of the amendment of his colleague.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
not in order to discuss the amendment further.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. CAitTTERand
Venable were appointed.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—ayes 62, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to
amend the proviso by striking out " 54" and
inserting " 55.55
1 advocate this amendment upon theground that
it is necessary to extend the time in order to test
the grounds on which this appropriation was ori-
ginally made. This line was originally established
with two objects. One of those objects was to
carry the mails, and for that, I contend—and I
presume there will be no question about it—the
Government has the right to contract and to pay.
It was a legitimate object, clearly within our con-
stitutional power, and sanctioned by precedent and
almost universal acquiescence. The other object
was the establishment of a steam navy, or the em-
ployment in the commerce of the country of a
certain number of vessels which might be em-
ployed for the protection of that commerce in time
of war. Now, sir, there can be no question that
this also is a legitimate object, if the means em-
ployed be appropriate. I maintain that the exper-
iment has not yet been fully tested,and ought, by
no means, to be abandoned. I maintain that these
vessels, built by the Collins company, are the
strongest ships that have ever been put afloat since
ships have been built. I maintain that they will
prove to be the best war vessels that ever have
been constructed ; and, more than that, I maintain
that the establishment of this line has already
done much for the security of the country. One
gentleman, during the discussions that have
already taken place, said, in the course of his re-
marks, that it was idle and absurd to say that
these four vessels could stand against the whole
steam navy of the British Government. Sir, if
our Navy, with these four vessels added, could not
stand against the steam navy of Great Britain,
surely it could stand much less against that navy
if we had not these four vessels.
Now, sir, when this policy was adopted, at the
recommendation of President Polk, immediately
after the danger of war with Great Britain upon
the Oregon question, our coast was constantly
traversed by the West India line of British steam-
el s; and that, fact created a strong apprehension
on the part of our Government of a complete de-
valuation of our coast and our commerce if a war
had broken out. The effect of the establishment
of this and other lines has been to drive away those
British steamers from our coast In this point of
view, the effect has been to render our country
more secure, to ffive us protection to this extent,
and to give us greater confidence in ourselves.
But, sir, it has done infinitely more than that. -
I tried to get the floor before the debate upon this
