852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 24,
Interior, that all lands subject to periodical over-
flow, are to be included under the head of swamp
lands. Under that decision, a large portion of the
public lands in, California will fall to that State.
There is no question about that. But 1 diner m
opinion with the Governor of that State, in regard
to the number of acres which cannot be included
under the head of swamp lands. 1-hiH item, li
divided among fifty townships of California for
Surveying them, is a proper item; for the reason
that I believe there are more than three times that
number of townships of land in that State, whiah
will belong to the United States, after we have set
aside those lands subject to periodical overflow.
Mr. POLK, (interrupting.) Will the gentle-
man from California allow me to ask him a ques-
tion? Has the money been expended which was
appropriated before towards this object?
Mr. McCORKLE. I will state in reply to the
honorable gentleman from Tennessee, that a,s yet
the office of surveyor general ih California can-
not be said to be created at all.
Mr. POLK. Then will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means? It is this: How
comes it that an original appropriation finds its
way into this.deficiency bill?
Mr. McCORKLE. I will answer thatquestion.
Twenty-five thousand dollars were appropriated
at the last session of Congress for the purpose of
surveying the public lands in California. That
amount of money, I presume, has been expended;
but, under the peculiar climate ,of California, the
year is divided into two seasons—the wet and the
dry. During the wet season, it is impossible to
carry on these surveys. If this appropriation,
then, is not made in this bill, and which is intended
to continue these surveys during the present sea-
son, but is left back to go into the general appro-
priation bill, the whole year will elapse without a
single line being run, or a single survey made
For that purpose the department has wisely and
properly—looking to the interests of California—
inserted these appropriations here, in order that
these surveys may go on during the present dry
season. If these appropriations are left to go into
the general appropriation bill, it will go over until
the next year, and we will be thrown back one
year, to all intents and purposes, so jar as any in-
terest to be derived from the public lands in Cali-
fornia is concerned. There is no deficiency; but
these appropriations are intended to carry on the
surveys during the present season.
[Here the hammer felt.]
Mr. PH ELPS. I move, sir, to reduce the sum
to 814 per mile, instead of $15.
Mr. HOUSTON. What item is that ?
Mr. PHELPS. In line one hundred and five.
He remarked the surveys of the public lands in
that State had just commenced, and were made at
great expense. The surveyor general of that State,
in submitting his annual, estimates for surveys,
had recommended that one fourth of that amount
should be appropriated for the service of the fiscal
year. The department and the committee had con-
curred in that recommendation. The surveys in
that State can only be made in certain seasons of
the year, as has been remarked by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. McCokkle.] As to the re-
mark of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] that the Governor of that State, in his
message, had claimed the greater part of the lands
in that State by virtue of the act granting swamp !
lands, &c., to the States in which they are situated, j
he would say the Governor's claim can neither
enlarge nor diminish the rights of that State under
the law. If the remark of the Governor is true,
the necessity of making the surveys is the same.
The swamp lands are to be selected according to
the legal subdivisions, and the residue will be sub-
ject to sale by the Government, and cannot be sold
until surveyed. He did not wish his amendment
to prevail, and with the consent of the committee
would withdraw it.
Mr. SACKETT. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and seven and one hundred and eight,
for the purpose of making an inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means. I
committee to these surveys ? Are they to be sur-
veys establishing the line by the operation of the
survey between the public and private lands of j
California? is the title the claimants make to ,
these lands to be affected by this survey, before
the commission established on that subject act?
Is that to be the effect of a single survey ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes.
Mr. SACKETT. Then I object to the appro-
priation. If that is to be done without examina-
tion, as to which is private, and which is not pri-
vate property, I think the appropriation is a very
improper one.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are a great many pri-
vate claimants to a portion of the land in Califor-
nia, and it becomes not only important, but abso-
lutely necessary, not only that individuals should
know which are their lands, and which are not,
but if becomes absolutely essential that the Gov-
ernment should know what is private and what
is public property. The gentleman must see
that until these surveys are made, and the vari-
ous grants established, there can be no legality.
We must have boundaries; we must have lines
and indications, so that the Government should
know which its land is.
Mr. SACKETT. My objection is this: that
a corps of surveyors are not the proper function-
aries to determine what is, and what is not pri-
vate lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. That will be settled after-
wards. That is to be determined by the Com-
missioners who are now discharging that very
duty.
Mr. SACKETT. What Sffect can the survey
have, then?
Mr. HOUSTON. To give effect to the decision
of the Commissioners.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. The gentleman from New York has mis-
understood me. We now provide for surveying
the lands in the State of California. Those sur-
veys will go on and be made in the manner pre-
scribed by law—being divided into townships, and
subdivided into sections; and upon this very land
divided into townships and sections, there are per-
sons who say they have valid claims to that land
by virtue of the grants made to them by the Span-
ish and Mexican Governments. How will the
Government of the United States sell those lands?
as it is expected there will be a sale after the sur-
veys are made and approved. The land of indi-
viduals may be sold; but afterwards, when their
claims are brought before the Commissioner, and
it is decided these claims are valid, then these
claimants will demand an indemnity of you. The
survey of these private claims does not affect
ei her the title of the Government, or of individ-
uals, but enables us to reserve from sale until they
are adjudicated upon these private claims. It is
the same practice we pursued in the States of
Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, and Florida. The
survey enables us to reserve all the land from sale
until the rights of the claimants are decided by the
Board of Commissioners now in session in Cali-
fornia. The ordinary surveys of land will be made
in the same m,inner as if there were no private
claims; and if the decision of the Commissioners
shall be adverse to the claimants, the land will be
ready to be brought into market. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Sackett] need have no fear
that these surveys recognize titles in individuals.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was rejected.
The clause appropriating for the annual repairs
of the President s House $600, was read.
Mr. Sl'ANTON, of Kentucky. I have upon
my table several amendments, which I have been
instructed to offer to this bill by the Committee on
Public Buildings. This appears to be the proper
place, and 1 submit to the clause under consider-
ation the following proviso:
JPrortded, That so mneh of {he appropriation madedu-
the present session of Congress for the temporary repair
of the Congressional l.ibraiy ttooin, as mav remain unex-
pended at the parage of this act, shall be' applied to tile
completion of the cistern upon the roof of the south wing of
the Capitol, and for the casual repairs of said building.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say, in reference
desire to ask the gentleman, the chairman of the !l to that and other amendments which
Committee of Ways and Means, a question as to
that appropriation. The one hundred and seventh
and one hundred and eighth lines, provide $7,500
for surveying private land claims in California.
"VVhat is the effect intended to be given by the
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order, if submitted to the clause now under con-
sideration.
Mr. STANTON. I will then submit it at an-
other place.
The next clause was read, viz:
" For filling; up, grading, &c., Fiankiin square,$-406 99."
Mr. HENN. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
" &c." had to do with this clause?
Mr. HOUSTON. • That is the most difficult
question you can ask me. 'I did not know it was
contained in the bill. The amount asked for here
is the balance of a debt due for work which is
now substantially completed—which is now in
the very act of completion under general authority
supposed to be given by a law passed at the last
Congress. The amount asked for—§406 99—is
intended to pay the debt due for the completion
of this work. As to the et re.tera, I did not know
it was there.
The clause was passed upon?
Mr. STANTON. I now submit, as a separate
clause, the amendment which was ruled out of
order by the Chair:
That so much of the appropriation made during the
present Congress for the tempoiary repair of the Congres-
sional Library room as may remain unexpended at the pas-
sage of this act shall be applied to the completion of the
cistern upon the roof of the south wmg of the Capitol, and
for the casual repairs of said building.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order,
as to whether that amendment is germane to this
bill? It strikes me that it relates to a matter irrel*
evant to, and consequently cannot come in, this
bill.
Mr. STANTON. If the Chair, and gentlemen
of the House will allow me, I will show the rel-
evancy of the amendment. At an early period of
this session the estimates for the necessary appro-
priations for public buildings and public grounds
in the city of Washington were submitted to the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and among those there were certain estimates for
deficiencies in the appropriation which had been
made heretofore; The Committee of Ways and
Means refused to incorporate but some two or three
of these estimates into any of the bills which they
have presented to the House. The law of 1840
made it the duty of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to submit his estimates to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings, and forbid their being
presented to the House without having had first
the approval of that committee. There was an esti-
mate for $1,500 deficiency of appropriation for the
casual repairs|ofthe Capitol. We understand, upon
investigation, that of the amount which we appro-
priated some time ago for the temporary repair of
the Library, which was burned by the recent fire,
that there will be an unexpended balance in the
hands of the Commissioner of about $1,500, just
enough to supply the deficiency which exists in
the appropriation for the casual repair of the Cap-
itol. Instead of asking foran appropriation to sup-
ply that deficiency, we simply ask to be transferred
from that fund for the repair of the Library the
unexpended balance of §1,500, to the casual repair
of the Capitol. I will say to the committee, in
this connection, that it is important the work now
commenced upon the top of the house should be
immediately completed; for those who have ex-
amined the subject know that the cistern 
Mr. DUNHAM. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a single question. By what authority has
the work been commenced?
Mr. STANTON. The work has been com-
menced under an appropriation made by the last
Congress of so much for the casual repairs of the
Capitol. There is upon the top of this House—
upon this wing of the building, and also upon the
other wing^-a large cistern, intended to hold water
to be used in the event of fire. By means of the
cistern upon the northern wing of the Capitol, the
whole roof of this building was saved at the late
fire. Had not that water been there, no one can
calculate the extent of the injury which would
have resulted to the building. By means of the
water held in that cistern, the roof was saved; be-
cause the whole covering of the Capitol is con-
structed of wood, and the fire would have spread
l' rapidly. This cistern has been constructed under
|; the authority of an old appropriation, and it will
11 require this sum to complete it and to make other
|l necessary repairs.
!; Mr. DUNHAM. I have yet to learn by what
authority this new cistern was commenced. I
know of no law by which it was authorized to be
commenced. It is true that there has been here-
tofore an appropriation for the casual repair of the
