1716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 9,
question was closed, in order that I might submit
my views at length, but I found it impossible to
uo" so from the press of effort that was made upon
that occasion to speak. I can now do it very imper-
fectly. I do not pretend to say that these vessels
are the best that can be built, or that the principle
adopted in their machinery and in the mode of
their propulsion is the best that can be adopted;
but 1 say that this is a great experiment, which
has redounded to the honor of the country, and
for which Government has not paid too much,
and will not pay too much if the amount neces-
sary to continue the experiment shall be appro-
priated by the adoption of the provision which
is now under consideration. " Sir, I believe that
the establishment of this policy recommended by
Mr. Polk, and now scarcely more than com-
menced, has put this G-overnment ijfty years
ahead of what it would have been if this policy
had never been adopted. Before the construction
of these vessels, it was impossible in this country
to make such machinery as that used in these
Collins steamers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, the people of
the United States are no doubt somewhat sur-
prised that on the 9th day of July, 1852, we are
discussing a bill, and the amendments thereto, to
supply deficiencies for the fiscal year terminating
on tne 30th June, 1852. For one, 1 disclaim all
participation in the slow progress of business in
this House in those protracted and irrelevant de-
bates which have so long delayed the public
business; and I say here, that I think this bill and
all the amendments thereto, the one now under
consideration included, should have passed some
three or four months ago.
Sir, 1 have sought the floor now, as one of the
Representatives of the State of Ohio, to express
my concurrence in the important amendment now
under consideration, sent to us from the Senate,
and to say that I believe it is the disposition of
the great State which I have the honor in part to
represent upon this floor, to uphold this great na-
tional interest; and that they are adverse to the
opinions so eloquently expressed in the written
speech read by my colleague [Mr. Stanton] the
other day.
Sir, 1 congratulate this House that we have at
last got rid of the " odious thraldom," (to use the
expression of one of the most distinguished edit-
ors of this country,) imposed on the House of
Representatives by the everlasting and irrelevant
debate under the one-hour rule; and that we have
at last got into the business condition of being
obliged to confine our remarks to jive minute*
speeches. That is the only way in which we can
make any progress in the public business; and 1,
for one, would confine the remarks of members,
during themorninghours,to fiveminutes speeches,
and hold evening sessions for general debate.
I wish now, in a very few words, to assign the
reasons why 1 shall support this amendment of
the Senate. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] says,—and the same remark has been
made by other gentlemen,—that he is opposed to
this amendment, because it is giving some aid to
the great principle of protection—a principle which
I am proud, as a Whig member of Congress, to
advocate and maintain. Sir, the principle of pro-
tection is maintained not only by the Whig party in
this country, but by a large portion of the Dem-
ocratic party. It is a vital principle of the Ameri-
can Government, and of our Constitution. What
is our Government for, if it be not to advocate or
defend the great principles of protection, progres-
sion, reform, J Why are we legislating here
for months, unless it be to protect American rights,
to protect Jlmerican labor, to uphold Jltnerican honor
and American labor in the great country of which
we are the Representatives?
Sir, 1 glory in the fact that this is an incidental
mode of protecting American commerce, uphold-
ing American power and supremacy on the sea,
and carrying out the great principle of steam nav-
igation which was originated by American inge-
nuity. It is_ true that in 1840, the British Gov-
ernment seizing hold of this great principle, had,
before we commenced these enterprises of ocean
steam navigation, fourteen steamers on our coast
monopolizing our carrying trade for freight and
mails, and, m some degree, driving our own com-
mercial marine from ourown coast. The wisdomof
a former Congress thought proper to establish an
ocean steam marine, and in little more than three
years we have driven away the British steam ves-
sels from our coast, monopolized the trade to
Chagres, divided the profits of freight and of car-
rying the mails between England and other parts
of Europe and the United States, and we have
only to complete the work by maintaining the
Collins line, which is emphatically the American
line, as a national line.
Sir, I cannot go into the.details of this matter
now, although I have the materials here; but in
one of these evening sessions, which I hope w'e
shall have, f shall be glad to descant upon-the
subject. The Cunard or British line has seven
vessels in commission; the Collins or American |
line has only four. They may properly be termed
British vessels and American vessels; and the
American vessels, I wish you to understand, al-
though there are only four of them, have more
tonnage than the seven employed by the Cunard
line. According to . the best, calculation I can
make, the amount paid to the Collins line by the
American Government is less than that paid by
the British Government to the Cunard line, the
aggregate tonnage of the seven Cunard steamers
being 12,252 tons, and the aggregate tonnage of
the tour American steamers, or Collins line, being
13,702—so that the price paid to aid the American
line by the American Government is less per ton
than the amount paid by the British Government
to uphold the British or Cunard line—the American
line receiving $4 82 per ton, and the British line
receiving from the British Government $5 75 per
ton.
The British Government has now 320 ocean
steamers, carrying 1,520 guns, including her war
steamers, and these easily convertible into war
steamers, whilst the American Government has
only 40 steamers suitable for war purposes, carry-
ing 73 guns. And yet we find gentlemen heie
disposed to abandon the wise policy which origin-
ated and maintains the small effective force we
now have, to countervail the immense force and
far-seeing sagacity of the English Government.
Sir, we cannot safely abandon our ocean steam
marine. We must uphold it. Every principle
of economy, of wise legislation, forbids that we
should now abandon the scheme of ocean steam
navigation; and it seems to me that the small ad-
vance now proposed to the Collins line of steamers
is the best means of maintaining the proud posi-
tion we now hold in the great progress of steam
navigation. 1 hope the Senate's amendment will
be concurred in.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will with-
draw my amendment, if there is no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move to extend the time
of notice to be given from six months to twelve
months. • „
My object is to answer briefly the remarks of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] with
reference to protection. I was endeavoring on
yesterday to say something on this subject, when
myfiveminutes expired. 1 think,Mr. Chairman,
this bill has suffered, in the estimation of some at
least, from its connection with this question of
protection, or a tariff. Now, what is the propo-
sition now pending? Everybody, I think, will
see at once that there is a striking dissimilarity
between the two cases, as soon as attention is
called to the view I am about to present. It is
proposed to give this Collins line an advanced
compensation, to enable it to compete with the line
that is sustained by the British Treasury. Now,
it is contended by nobody that the manufacturing
i, establishments that bring their goods into this
!; country are supported out of that Treasury,
i Why, sir, all manufactures which are made and
i! brought into this country are made by private per-
il sons, on their own capital, and are brought here
! j to be sold m open market, at such price as can be
j; obtained, and hence gentlemen may very well be
opposed to giving our American manufacturers any
support, either by bounty or protection, because
they have to compete with private persons only.
But 1 say, sir, if the British Government should
carry out the principle, as she has done with the
Cunarders—if Great Britain, I say, were to give
money to her manufacturing establishments, and
thus enable them to manufacture goods at a cheap
rate, and undersell us, then I should be for meet-
ing'them in some mode, either by bounties to our
establishments, or, what I should prefer, taxing
them heavily. But she has done nothing of the
sort, and therefore gentlemen may very well be
opposed to going into this protective system when
our manufacturers have only to meet with, compe-
tition from private persons and private capital, and
yet be willing to support a line of steamers which
comes in competition with a line supported by the
British Government. I say, sir, that if the Cu-
nard line were supported by private persons and
private capital alone, as the manufacturing estab-
lishments are, I would not give the Collins line
one dollar to compete with them. I would say to
them, " Go forward and fight; fight the Cunarders
fairly, upon their own ground, without asking
help from us." But it is because the British Gov-
ernment has interfered in the contest, and is as-
sisting this very line, that I support the proposi-
tion now before us, to give our ships a fair chance
in the contest, by helping them as much as Great
Britain helps their opponents.
But, Mrt Chairman, I agree with the gentleman
from Virgina, [Mr. Millson,] that this gives
an advantage to these lines over private persons,
and I regret it; but by withdrawing our support
to the Collins line, and causing it to go down, we
shall not avoid this evil. Suppose you withdraw
your support from the Collins line and let it go
down. Great Britain will still keep up her line
and thus continue this injurious monopoly against
private enterprise. She will multiply the number
of her ships, and the number of trips, because
then they can charge higher rates for passengers
and freight, and you would still have this British
competition with which ourprivate mercantile ma-
rine would have to struggle. If we leave the field
to Great Britain she will only go to a greater ex-
tent in this matter. What is the propercourse to
pursue ? To meet her by similar lines. If she gets
up an armament, though we are friends of peace
we must get up another to meet it. Though, by
so doing, and having two military establishments,
more lives may be lost than if there were only one.
You may, however, by this means restrain her.
This principle of retaliation is the universal prac-
tice, not only of nations, but of men. If a man
gives me a blow, and I submit, lie may repeat it;
but if I can succeed in knocking him down, that is
the best way to satisfy him that it is wrong for
him to commit a breach of the peace. Now, if
Great Britain has embarked in this contest, I want
her-to see that she has a fue that will meet her at
every point, and contest every inch of the ground.
Let her see that in this race the terms arc to be
equal, and that she is to be pressed at every stride
and beaten, if American skill, energy, and capital
can do it. In this mode, and in this only, shall
we be able to induce that Governmentto abandon
this system of embarking in enterprises which
ought to be left to private establishments. That
is my'object, but we cannot accomplish it by fold-
ing our arms, and leaving her to have everything
her own way.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY. I do not derive the constitu-
tional authority for passing this provision from
the language of the preamble of the Constitution,
and subsequently repeated in the clause granting
powers to Congress; and I think if the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Dean] examines carefully
that preamble and the subsequent clause, he will
find that the words "provide for the common
defense and general welfare," so far from enlarging
the powers of the General Government, restrict
them. I do not, therefore, find the power to make
this appropriation in the preamble of the Constitu-
tion, which declares that one of its objects is to
provide for the common defense and the general
welfare; but I find it in that part of the Constitu-
tion which gives to Congress the undisputed juris-
diction over navigation, and the undisputed au-
thority to maintain a navy. Sir, this question is
no new one. In '94 Great Britain, by giving ex-
clusive privileges and advantages to her ships, had
nearly monopolized the shipping of the world.
She had, according to the report of Mr. Madison,
at that time eleven twelfths of the shipping and
seamen employed in her trade. Our Government
took up that question in '94, and Mr. Jefferson
made his celebrated report upon the subject of
commercial privileges and restrictions. Follow-
ing that report Mr. Madison introduced into this
House his celebrated resolutions of that year, and
