1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
Capitol; but, if I understand the meaning of the j
English language, it was simply for the purpose j
of keeping the building in repair—-where breaches j
are made to repair them. Instead of doing that, j
I understand they have commenced to make an i
addition to the Capitol. Now, if an appropriation !
to make casual repairs is an authority to start out
new work m connection with thepubiicbuildings,
I confess that it is a novel thing to me. But be
that as it may, I ask how it can be germane to
this bill. It cannot be germane to this bill to in-
troduce here a section which is to provide, notfor
a contingency, but simply to authorize a transfer
of a fund which is not appropriated in this bill for
the purpose of carrying on this work, which I say
has been commenced without any authority.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will allow
me one moment to explain, I will remove the dif-
ficulties under which he labors. The cisterns upon
the roof of the building area necessary part of the
structure, and to repair them is to repair the build-
ing. They are necessary to keep the building in
repair and protect it from destruction. The appro-
priation is not to build a new cistern, butto repair,
or rebuild, if you please, an old one, which has so
decayed from use and exposure as to be of no ser-
vice. It is, therefore, most certainly embraced in
the authority to make casual repairs.
Mr. DUNHAM. This system is one that is
very common here; and it is one, I think, this
House ought to set its face against. Persons hav-
ing charge of public work, desiring to have some-
thing done according to their fancy, will, if by any
possibility they can interpret, by straining, or oth-
erwise, authority to commence the work, begin it
without first having submitted the subject to the
House. They will afterwards come here and ask
us to appropriate money to carry the work on,
because it has been commenced. They will tell
us that it will all go to waste, if we do not carry
it on. This is a very common thing, and is a prac-
tice that has been growing up for several years.
I insist that this amendment is out of order. It is
not to change, or to add to, anything which is in
the bill; but it is entirely distinct from it—it is to
transfer a sum of money, not appropriated in the
bill, but appropriated heretofore, which is in no
way provided for in this bill. I think it ought to
be left out, and I therefore insist upon my point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair understands
this amendment, it is to provide for the transfer of
certain public moneys to other uses than those
originally intended; Such a proposition as that,
the Chair is inclined to think, is not in order to
this bill.
Mr. STANTON. I will appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, as I think it certainly is in
order. I do this with the utmost respect to the
Chair.
Mr. HIBBARD* It is forapurnose not men-
tioned m the bill.
The question was put, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out from the bill, from the one hundred and twen-
ty-eighth to the one hundred and thirty-first line,
inclusive, the words:
" To complete the improvements on the square south of
the President's IIou«e, .«12,0U0 : Provided, that the grounds
c«m bo filled up and the surfacc completed for the sum
herein appropriated."
Mr. J. I wish merely to state a few facts to
the committee, with regard to this item. Most of
the members of this committee are acquainted with
the grounds here referred to, which lie between
the canal and the wall surrounding: the President's
House. An unexpended appropriation of §6,000
for public grounds about the city has been applied
to the filling up and leveling of this lot. In the
' deficiency bill of the last Congress, of May, 1850,
there was appropriated $10,000 for the improve-
ment of that piece of land. In the regular appror
priation bill of the first session of the last Con-
gress—the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill—
there was appropriated $15,000 for the same ob-
ject. In the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
of the last session of Congress, there was $10,000
more appropriated to effect the same purpose.
They had §6,000 at the commencement of the first
session of the last Congress—$35,000 were appro-
priated by the three appropriation bills above
named, passed during the last Congress, thus
making §41,000 in all that have been appropriated
for the filling up, leveling, and otherwise improv- j
ing those grounds. We are now asked to appro- I
priate $19,000 more, for the purpose of continuing I
that work, without being possessed of any infor- '
mation as to when it will be completed;or, to effect
its completion, what amount of money will be re-
quired. I believe that it is contemplated making
a fish pond just at the angle of the Potomac with
the canal, where there is too much water already.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I do notkrfbw
whether the gentleman from Tennessee is cor-
rectly informed as to the amount of money al-
ready expended upon this improvement or not;
but I shall not enter into a dispute with him upon
that subject, although I am inclined to believe he
has confounded two or three other appropriations
for other purposes with those intended for the
grounds south of the President's House. He
may have supposed that the appropriations made
at the last and previous sessions of Congress,
for the improvement of the Smithsonian grounds,
the mall generally, and for other grounds, be-
longing to the Government, have been swallowed
up in the sink-hole in front of the executive man-
sion. But there is an imperative necessity for
this appropriation, and it must be made. It is
needed, because the grounds proposed to be im-
proved are so low and marshy as most seriously
to affect the health of the neighborhood. The
sooner we can have them filled up, graded, and i
planted with trees, the better it will be for the
safety of the Presidentand family. It is true that
the work has cost already a considerable sum, and
will require all that this bill appropriates; but it is
a work of great magnitude. A large, low, flat
piece of ground, embracing many acres, has to be
filled up with earth, brought from a great distance
and necessarily at great expense. The earth in
Mr. SEYMOUR. I suppose they might, as
the language of the bill now stands. But if it is
expressed in the language of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, no part of this
should be drawn from the Treasury unless the con-
tract is made in its terms to insure the completion
of the work. Then I think we should be guarded
upon this point.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say a word bare-
ly in reply to a question of the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] and to the opinion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Seymour.] I
have no such opinion as that a contract for $20,000
could be made under that proviso. None at all.
The proviso was not drawn by me. I am aware
of its object; and, although it might have been
more specific, and it would be desirable to make
it so, yet I think it certainly precludes the idea
that any more money than the $12,000 shall be
expended upon the work.
Mr. FICKLIN. I would ask my friend from
Alabama (Mr. Houston] this question; If $15,000
is to be expended between this and the next ses-
sion of Congress, might not $20,000 be expended ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Congress might appropriate
what it pleases, despite of the contract.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests that
this discussion is not in order. It is competent
j for any gentleman to rtiove an amendment, before
I the question is taken upon striking out. The
question pending before the committee is upon
striking out.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will move to amend the
amendment by striking out $12,000, and inserting
$7,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that will
not be done, and that the whole provision will be
stricken out. Upon examination, the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] will find that my
the neighborhood, which could be used for the <j statement, as to the expenditure upon this partic-
purpose, has been exhausted in the work already i ular piece of ground south of the President's, is
done; and what is necessary to complete it will correct. It was $41,000. I wiil refer to the last
have to be brought from the streets now beingex- « appropriation made for this piece of ground, viz:
cavated and graded in other parts of the city,
There is abundant safety to the Government j
against future appropriations for this purpose in j
the proviso attached to this section. That pro- 1
viso limits the expenditure to $12,000; and if the 1
work cannot be completed for this amount, the ,
1 Secretary of the Interior, or the Commissioner of ,
Public Buildings, who will have the disbursement 1
For continuing the improvements, grading, and plant-
ing of trees, on the grounds south of the President's House
Provided,further, That all the unexpended bal-
ances of money heretofore appropriated by Government
iov the improvement of the public grounds., m the city of
Washington, ?hail he expended under the direction of the
Pies-idem of the United States in execution of such plans
as he may adopt."
Under this proviso, the President of the United
of the money, will not be authorized to commence j I States has since its passage appointed a rural
the improvement. I hope the motion of the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee will not prevail.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stan-ton] whether
any investigation has been made to authorize the
belief that this work will not be finished for the
sum proposed to be appropriated ?
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It is a matter
not referred to our committee. The Committee of
Ways and Means had the matter under considera-
tion and reported the amendment. We took no
note of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. As far as the action of the
Committee of Ways and Means was concerned,
there was no direct inquiry out of the committee
that induced them to insert that proviso. Those
who were friendly to the appropriation, with a
view, 1 presume—that is my recollection-—of en-
abling it to meet the sanction of'the majority, put
in that proviso, which, in the view of the com-
mittee, would prevent an expenditure going be-
yond that. The intention of that proviso was to
put it out of the power of gentlemen who may
control that appropriation, to make that contract
unless it was for the completion of the work within
the sum of money appropriated.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to say, in connection
with the remarks which have fallen from the chair-
man of the committee, that if this is the object,
the language of the bill should be varied, for the
purpose of meeting that object. I do not think ] ter which are but rumors, ana wnicn i wi
that the proviso, as it stands, would have the jj state here, without knowing them to betrue
effect to restrict the expenditure to the appropria-
tion at all; and that after this money should have jj
been appropriated and expended, we will be called |j
upon to appropriate as much more for the purpose i
of completing this work, upon which it seems to j
me there has been a great extravagance of expend- ||
iture.
Mr. HALL. If the Department should make
a contract for $20,000, could they not come in and
ask us for an appropriation by a deficiency bill?
architect—Mr. Downing, of the State of New
York—at a salary of $2,500 per annum, who is
to lay out and determine the plans upon which
these improvements shall be made. I know but
little of this gentleman. He is well qualified, I
doubt not, for the duties assigned him. I have
not been able to ascertain the exact amount of
time he spends here. I directed a letter to the
Secretary of the Interior, and he says that, under
this provision, the President appointed Mr.
Downing as rural architect, with a salary of
$2,500, and that his whole time is not required
here. It is said, however, that he spends about
three days in the month here, and receives for it
this $2,500 per annum. He edits a horticultural
periodical m New York, comes here once a
month, stays one, two, or three days, and gives
the men employed under him direction as to the
work. Sometimes there are forty of them, the
Secretary of the Interior says; and, perhaps, some-
times as many as seventy; and for these three
days of service in a month, or whatever length of
time it may be, he is to receive under the deter-
mination of the President $2,500 per annum.
A Member. How many clerks has he?
Mr. JONES. I do not know.
Mr. SMART. Is he one of the Major Down-
ing family? [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I do not know that he is. There
are a great many things connected with this mat-
ter which are but rumors, and which I will not
state here, without knowing them to betrue. But
these are abuses under that very proviso, I doubt
not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to make some remarks
upon this amendment. Am 1 in order'
The CHAIRMAN. Under the direction which
this debate has taken, it is in order to reply s
amendment. .
Mr. DUNHAM. I would like to know how.
X understood the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
