854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'March 24,
Jones] was opposed to it. X moved the amend-
ment. , . .
-Mr. BH.OOKS. This item in the appropriation
bill was well considered in the Committee of "Ways
and Means, and this proviso was 
Mr. DUNHAM.« I rise to a question of order.
- Mr.^BROOKS. To avoid any objection, I will
move to increase the appropriation to j|15,000.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BROOKS. At the last session of Con-
gress, for the first time in appropriations for this
city by the Committee of Ways and Means, pro-
visoes were inserted for the completion of the
works that were undertaken, because it had been
found to be the habit in this city of beginning
works upon small appropriations, which ultimate-
ly led to large ones, ana the extent of which the
House nor Congress could never know, when
they were making the appropriation. To nearly
all the appropriations of last year, for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, were appended provisoes to
this effect, the object being to limit the expendi-
ture in all cases; which had the effect, except in
one case, and that arising from extraordinary cir-
cumstances. These provisoes were successful,
and of the greatest possible service in regard to
.appropriations to this city. If this is not rigid
enough to meet the views of my colleague from
New York, [Mr. Seymour,] I liave no objection
to his preparing it as he pleases. I agre£> with
him in the desire to limit the appropriations,
when we make them, in the particular case speci-
fied i if, as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] says, there have been so many thousand
dollars expended upon those public grounds,
south of the President's house, here is a pro-
viso now which limits the further expenditure to
$12,900; and before the work can be cariied any
further, the $12,000 must be made under contract
to do it,or else the contract cannot be madeat all.
Now, is this work necessary to be done ? Let any \
gentleman look at the grounds south of the Presi- 1
dent'shouse, and say that they are willing to leave
them in their present condition. If they are, let
them do so. If gentlemen upon the other side
are willing to trust the President, such as they
expect and confidently declare they will elect, to \
the malaria which must arise from the waters '
there in the condition 
Mr. HALL. Did not our Democratic Presi-
dents live there ?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman speaks of it as
a fish-pond. That pond was made for the pur-
poses of economy. It was found more economi-
cal to reserve a place there for a pond of water, to
flow in and out from the Potomac river, than to
cart dirt to fill it in. This is of no more interest
to me than to any other gentleman. It is neces-
sary to fni'sli the grounds; and if youdo not finish
them under this proviso, you will go on, m sub-
sequent Congresses, or by the action of the Sen- |l
atp, nnd appropriate (,10,000, $,20,000, £s30,000, n
$40,000, or $50,000,as you have done heretofore; ;;
whereas, now, if you appropriate but £12,000, you ij
may, in the most economical manner, finish the \\
work under contract, or it cannot be undertaken ij
at all. The estimates show that it can be done for 1 j
that. If you do not do it for that, the Senate, or '[
some committee of this body, will go on with the ''
old system, and spend thousands and thousands '!
of dollars, its heretofore. This proviso is here, ji
and if followed out, will finish and complete all |j
the public, grounds in this District, upon every j
item of appropriation. ji
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle- !;
man to explain if it is not, in his recollection, that 1:
a proviso was incorporated in the bill at the last
Mr. BROOKS. There is an item, J will reply,
for $406, the particulars of which I cannot enter
into. We had the facts before the Committee of
Ways and Means, and we were satisfied that it
was a right and just appropriation, notwithstand-
ing the proviso, or else it would not have been re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means to
the House. The details can be had by looking
at the report.
Mr. DUNHAM. I wish to state, although I
have not the facts before me, but my recollection
is, that there was an estimate sent in to continue
the improvement on Franklin Square; but the ap-
propriation embraced in this bill is not to continue
the work, but actually to pay the debts which
they have contracted over and above the sums ap-
propriated heretofore.
Mr. BROOKS. I stand upon my previous dec-
laration. Every item was carried out under the
proviso, except the one altering the grade from
Pennsylvania Avenue up to the railroad depot, and
this was because the corporation of Washington
was not able to complete the work.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman had list-
ened to what I said a moment ago, he would have
known the reason. It was because the money
had actually been expended, and because it was
to cover outstanding debts.
Mr. BROOKS. If that be so, then it ought not
to be appropriated. But the Committee of Ways
and Means, of which the gentleman is a member,
have put it in the bill; and that is prima facie proof
that what the gentleman says is not correct, and
that what I say is correct.
Mr. DUNHAM. The Committee of Ways
and Means put it in on the urgent representations
of certain gentlemen that these debts had been con-
tracted t© poor laboring men, and the Ways and
Means thought it better to appropriate this money
to pay the debt, than that those poor men should
go unpaid.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is mistaken.
The Committee of Ways and Means would not,
for the purpose of paying laboring men, violate
contracts, and go beyond those contracts.
Mr. DUNHAAJ. They do not violate con-
tracts; but the Commissioner of Public Buildings
went beyond the original proviso in contracting
the debts.
Mr. BROOKS. Then the appropriation ought
not to be made for Franklin Square. But what
the gentleman says is not correct. He is mis-
taken in his facts. I have not time, however, to
go into the facts.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then, certainly, the gentle-
man ought not to have voted to put it in the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, it is not worth while to
quarrel about a few dollars.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the amendment, by striking out " twelve" and in-
serting li thirteen."
Mr. S. said: The honorable gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] in the course of his re-
marks few minutes ago. undertook to show that
$41,000 had been already expended upon this im-
provement south of the President's House. I
thought he labored under a mistake, and I am now
satisfied of it. I have no idea that any such sum
has been expended, but even it had been, that
would be no reason why this should not be done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman upon what he bases his assertion?
Mr. STANTON. I will show you in a mo-
ment, if you will only have patience. He says
that certain balances of appropriations made for
previous years, have been turned into this im-
provement. I will show what he says is the au-
session, applicable to some seven items of appro- ;! thority of law for this. The law does not show
pnation in this city, for works which were to be
completed for the amount appropriated, and if;
there were nbt estimates submitted for their com- '
pletion ? i
Mr. BROOKS. Every one of them, 1 say, ex- ;
cept one, was completed; and that was not, solely t
for the reason that the corporation of Washington j
altered the grade of the street, after the appropria- I
tion was made. j
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman, if filling up, j
grading, and otherwise improving Franklin Square !,
by an appropriation of $5,000, is not one of the ,'i together,
last seven items to which the proviso, alluded to '
by him, applies, and whether, notwithstanding
which, there has not been an estimate submitted
this year for continuing it ?
that the balances referred to are to be applied to
this improvement alone—very far from it:
'• For the improvement, grading, and planting with trees
the grounds south of the President's House, $10,000: Pro-
vided, That, all the unexpended balances of money hereto-
fore appropriated by the Government for the improvement
of Hie public giounds in fhe city of Washington, shall be
expended under the direction of the President of the United
States, m the execution of such plan as he may adopt."
Not such plan as the President may adopt in
reference to this particular piece of ground, but in
reference to the whole of the public grounds taken
together. The plan adopted by the President is
a complete and perfect system, and applies to the
whole of the public grounds lying between this
Capitol and the Potomac river. These balances
of appropriations were not sent into that " hole,"
but were applied to the improvements about the
Smithsonian Institution-and the Mall, where im-
provements have been made by this " rural archi-
tect," who has been spoken of in such a dispara-
ging manner by the gentleman from Tennessee.
A large portion of the sum-which makes qp his
aggregate of $41,000, which he charges as having
been already expended on this improvement, was
appropriated for and applied to other purposes.
The clauses containing the appropriations m the
several bills referred to, appropriate certain sums
for building culverts from the public buildings to
these low grounds, and filling up the grounds.
Now, sir, these culverts are intended to dram the
grounds about the public buildings into the river;
and will be found to have absorbed the greater
part of the appropriations. They are not right-
fully to be considered as any part of the grading
and filling up the grounds, but are distinct and
separate, as well as expensive improvements.
The remarks which the gentleman from Ten-
nessee has indulged m reference to the accom-
plished gentleman employed by the President to
superintend the improvementofthe public grounds,
are illiberal and unjust to that person. They are
as far from being correct as the remarks of the gen-
tleman in regard to the application of the appro-
priations I have referred to. It is astonishing to
| my mind—and I have no doubt to the minds of
j others—with what facility otherwise intelligent
I and respectable gentlemen on this floor can deal
; out wholesale denunciations of men about whom
; they know nothing, and will not inform them-
! selves; and how much the legislation of the coun-
I try is controlled by prejudices thus invoked and
i clamor thus raised.
j Congress, in a bill recently passed, authorized
i the President of the United States to adopt a
general plan for the improvement of the public
grounds. In the exercise of the power thus con-
ferred upon him, he did adopt an admirable plan,
which, if it is permitted to survive the attacks of
the cautious and parsimonious, and is carried out
as designed, will be a credit to the city and the
nation. Every man, possessingthe least practical
intelligence, must be aware that it is more econom-
ical to improve these grounds according to a regu-
lar, fixed system, than to follow the old plan of
doing it by piecemeal. In the end thousands of
dollars will be saved annually, for the constant
'change of grade, interruptions of the work, and
other inevitable difficulties which follow the un-
wise course of patch-work hitherto pursued, have
been, and ever will be, the fruitful source of waste.
Under the power referred to, the President was
authorized to appoint some competent person to
superintend the carrying out of the plan adopted.
He appointed Mr. Downing. And who is he?
One of the most accomplished gentlemen in his
profession in the Union—a man known to the
world as possessing rare skill as a " rural archi-
tect" and landscape gardener, as well as a man of
great scientific intelligence. He is not only dis-
tinguished for his accomplishments in his peculiar
ji profession, but, in his private life, is a gentleman
j! of amiable character and high standing. How
!' much better, sir, that a work of so much import-
i: ance should be intrusted to a man of these qual-
I! ities, than to the ignorant and inexperienced
ij hands into which it would have fallen, but for the
ij law referred to. I deny that he has neglected hisdu-
ii ties as the gentlemau from Tennessee [Mr. Joxes]
11 has charged. Instead of being here only three
days in the month, he has been here vigilantly
discharging his duties at all times when those du-
ties required him to be here. He has superintend-
ed, directed, and carried out the plan adopted, as
fully as the funds appropriated have enabled him
to do. If all the officers of this Government had
been as conscientous and scrupulous m the dis-
charge of their duties as he has been since his ap-
pointment, there would be no grounds for re-
proaches against those who have control of the
Government.
I repeat again that it is important this appro-
priation should be made. We have spent much
money on the improvement, it is true, but the
evil is not yet removed which was intended to be
remedied by the filling up of the grounds. The
great object to be accomplished was to render the
neighborhood of the Executive Mansion healthy
enough to enable the President and his family to
reside there without endangering their lives. If it
costs the Government $50*0,000 more, instead of a
