1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1721
at fifty per cent, less, with Government bounties
besides. Much has been said about protection of
one interest to the exclusion of others, and equal-
ity of commercial privileges. I hold it to be the
duty of our Government to protect American
navigation and commerce against foreign compe-
tition. These complaints do not proceed from the
Representatives of the mercantile classes. They
know the power to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations is one of the primary duties of the
Federal Legislature, and whatever is necessary to
secure the end is within the terms of the grant. I
do not find the Representatives of the great com-
mercial marts opposing this appropriation. They
know the interests of their constituents, and ■
knowing, dare maintain them. It is to be pre- h
sumeu from their silence that they approve.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am op- |
posed to the extension of the lime of the notice, :
as asked for by the gentleman from Maryland, ■.
[Mr. Bowie.] yet I am in favor of the line, and i,
intend to vote for the amendment proposed by the j
Senate. j.
I desire, within the space of five minutes, to |j
give succinctly the reasons which operate to bring |;
me to that i-onclusion. I find that, upon the other t;
side of the House, the objection to the passage of fi
this proposition rests upon a constitutional ques- ;■
tion. I find the power to make this appropriation I:
in the express grant of the Constitution 44 to pro- |!
vide and maintain a Navy." In the exercise of1,
that powei, I understand this Government has ■
the nght to use any modification of the power that ■
may be beneficial. Gentlemen might as well talk f
to me about my right to ha\e and maintain a car-
riage, and yet say that I have not the right to hire
it as a hack until I want the use of it myself, as j:
to tell me we have a right to provide and maintain :■
a Navy, and yet have not a right to exercise the i;
power under the modification, which invites pri- !■
vate enterprise to build ve&seis suitable for war •
purposes, upon an agreement that the Govern- ;
ment will employ them in Uanspoiting the mails
over the ocean, yet with the express power to put |
such vessels into commission as war steamers :
whenever the Government may think proper to j
do so. Again, there is a source of power, under ;
the clause, saying Congress may establish post '
offices and post roads. If you have the right, ,
under the Constitution, to take charge of the j'
postal communications; if you have the right to ;
pay out ^20,000 to send mails from here to Liv- !'
erpool—the right to repeat that as often as you I
have postage communications to make—why have _
you not the right to make continuing contracts, !i
from yeai to year, with one vessel or three vessels j
to peifoim the service? This is my answer to the j
constitutional objection.
But, sir, I shall vote for this proposition upon ;
another ground In naval science a few years has !
made a greit change. The element of steam has I
been introduced into ocean navigation; and if we :
.ire to talk about an American Navy at all, we '
must talk about an American steam navy. I will 1
sustain this line, if for no other purpose, as anur* :
:-ery tor American engineers and naval officers, :
n: which they may become acquainted with this ,
new element—steam—which no v.* has become an
instrument of power, by which our naval renown :
alone c;>n be maintained, and which, therefore, !
^houlu bo familiar to gentlemen of the naval pro-
fession. But I sustain it for yet another leascn.
Experience has shown to this country that when
steam was introduced into ocean navigation the
carrying trade, so far as passengers and the fmer :
fabrics are concerned, was transferred at once
from saihnq. to steam vessels, and by its iniroduc- :
tion it became necessary for the packet lines, .
w hich i\; u fiom American porta, and which had :
successfully competed with the British lines, to ,
give up ail connection with the carrying trade, so ■
fai as passengers and fine fabrics were concerned.
In order to compete with the British we were re- ,
o ar^d to adopt the new element, and therefore it ;
became a matter of necessity to our Government.
During Mi. Polk's administration, Government!,
iiiuted,or at once acceded, to a proposition to ;
construct and set afloat vessels, under the guidance i
ot private enterprise, but wanned, to some extent, [
hy American mual officers, with the view to enter i
into this competition with England. The elYectjj
lias been to give us the supremacy as steamers on
the ocean. Our vessels are superior in power, j|
swiftness, elegance, model, and capacity for war h
i purposes. We have regained our position as car-
: riers. I see no consequence to flow, no effect to
j arise from a withdrawal of this line, except to
transfer at once into the hands of our competitors
all the advantages which have been gained from
our experiments heretofore in steam as applied to
ocean navigation, and to subject the people of this
country to burdens from which their energy has
just liberated them—1 mean the burden of sus-
taining the steam lines of Great Britain by just
such contributions as English cupidity may think
it politic to extort.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOWIE. I withdraw my amendment, if
there is no objection.
No objection being made the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move to amend, by
striking out" the word u Congress" and inserting
"Postmaster General," so that the Postmaster
General shall give the notice, instead of Congress.
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] has said nearly all I intended to say
upon this subject. I have been utterly astonished
to witness the manner m which the constitutional
question has been brought into this discussion. I
wanted to ask the gentlemen who have been argu-
ing against the constitutionality of this amend-
ment, where they get the power of this Govern-
ment to build war steamers for theNavy. I would
ask the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edcerton,] if
this amendment was to appropriate $1,000,000 to
build a steamer for the Navy, if it would not be
constitutional'
Now, sir, one word more. More than four
months ago, in looking over this matter, before I
knew Mr. Collins, and before I visited the Baltic,
and before there was any heat or discussion upon
this subject, I made a memorandum of some of the
reasons which would induce me to vote for this
appropriation. They were simply these, and I
will state them: in the first place. Congress not
only has the power, but it is its solemn duty, to
provide for the common defense. The policy of
this nation ia defensive; war is to be kept at a'dis-
tance. Fortifications aie expensive and entirely
out of the question for this purpose, except at the
principal ports, such as Boston, Newport, JNew
York, &c. The minor ports, such as New Bed-
ford, jNewbern, Savannah, Mobile, &c., are to be
pro^cted either by military or naval foices. Forti-
fications would be too expensive. Steam vessels
are more efficient than sailing vessels, as being
more readily concentrated at any point threatened.
Since the introduction of steam, ten steam-vessels
are woith more than one bundled sailing-vessels,
to maintain and provide for the common defense.
To constitute a war steam marine, sufficient to
guard the whole coast from Cape Florida to 2\Tew
Brunswick, would require one hnndied war steam-
ers. What is the most economical way of pio-
viding tnis force 7
hi peace, about ten steameis will be required
for oidimuy service. If the residue are provided
by the Government they must be laid up in orcli-
them." I ask him if that is not a privilege, by
saving us the hundred million of dollars which we
would have to expend, if we should build a hun-
dred war steamers? The Government can take
these steamers at any time. I ask whether this
is not the true policy of the Government, and
whether it is not the better policy ?
Would gentlemen raise any question of con-
stitutionality; would they raise any question of
expediency, even, were this a bill to provide for
building ten war steamers? By supporting this
. line, by giving it aid, we are encouraging a sys-
< tem which will, in the end, place at our disposal a
i marine force which will enable us to do away, in
; some measure, with the enormous expenses of
I the Navy. Gentlemen do not complain at seeing
| steamers lying under cover, and rotting, which
j have cost §1,000,000 each, and which cost us
i $56,000 each yearly to keep them there, and doing
| no good to any human being. It seems to me
;! that Great Britain, when she adopted this course,
i| to make a navy useful in time of peace, developed
! i a great idea of the age. Instead of suffering a
•! great amount of property and immense capital to
1 he idle and rot at her wharves, she makes it use*
i ful to her citizens by employing it in commerce,
j [Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. INGERSOLL said that he should vote for
| the appropriation for the Collins line, and did not,
I with the lights now before him, see any constitu-
i tional difficulties in the way. The powers con-
j ferred on Congress by the Constitution to regulate
i commerce, authorized us to place the commercial
, marine of the country oil a footing that would
■ enable it to compete successfully with that of any
; other nation. Our foreign navigation by means
i of steamers, especially ia the diiect communica-
tion with Euiope,had to struggle not only against
; individual enterprise, but against the Treasury,
j lavishly expended, of the British Government.
. i Unless our own citizens a ve nerved in their laudable
enterpiise by the aid of their own Government, it
!j is clear that they must, m this instance,, retire
'■ from the contest. He also thought that the pow-
ers conferred on Congress by the Constitution to
| provide a navy, enabled us to aid these steamers,
i that could be at any time hereafter turned into
■ i ships-of-war, should occasion require it. Why
not do this under that clause of the Constitution,
as well as to provide materials to be kept till
wanted for ship-building in our navy-yards? In
i both instances they are but materials provided for
| the naval service. He thought, too, that the
; former action of Congress had in a measure com-
i mitted us to the needed appropriation.
'| Had he been a member of Congress when the
! original contract was assented toby this body, he
| might not at that time have gone for it; but the
. contract for service had been entered into; it will
! continue till the yeai 1854, and he could not now
■ consent to abandon this, the pioneer line of our
i country, and thus gratify our foreign rivals, who
' are locking to the result of oar proceedings on this
subjec
wuh intense interest. He believed that
nary, if not pro\ id^, the loss m lives asm prop-
erty, by an active enemy, during the rust six
months of a war, would teach a fearful lesson as
to the folly of not preparmLr in peace for the exi-
gencies of war. What then would be the cost of
providing *U"h a steam marine? Taking thepaet as
a guide, we cannot safely estimate the cost at less
than $i,000,000 for each vessel. Tlu  interest of
this sum, for ninety \es^els, would be s5,400,000.
The expense of taking cere of them cannot be es-
timated at less than .000.000 annually, and
the anntud decay and depreciation at lec-s than
V,000,000. The unriuih' expense, shereiore. of
providing and maintaining >v,ich a s>tcam marine
as would be adequate to the complete protection of
the coast, may be fairly estimated at $12,000,000.
N>w, si«\ by extending the aid of the Govern-
ment to establishing ocean steamers of sufficient
strength and capacity, a steam marine is kept up
at an annual expeudituie of one fifth that amount.
Thefhst outlay us saved, until the actual bieakiug
uutofauavul war. Why, sir, the whole policy
of the original contract was to provide for the
common defense, by building up a steam marine
in tins way, because it is cheaper and equally
efficient.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr, Naders] ;
sarcastically exclaims, u that the Govenimenthas ;
the privilege of taking these vessels by paying for
the feeling he expie&sed was general, especially
throughout the Atlantic sea-board, end that the ma-
jority of the people of the district he represented
participated in it. lie alluded to the opinion of
Moses H. Grimieli, formerly a Representative in
' Congress from New York, who, although largely
j interested in navigation otherwise than by steam,
: ^nd \vh<v>e ritcresm might therefore be supposed
to I e adverse to the Collins hue, but who had never-
theless distinctly declared that this ap[ ropriatlon
would rot interfere with the other navigating in-
terests of the cuuntiy; for he said that if the Col-
lins hne were withdrawn from the ocean, the pas-
sengeisj freight, and corresponded -e now accom-
modated by it, would not fid I back upon our own
! sailing ships, but would be at once transferred to
the Cunard, or British line.
The question was then taken upon die amend -
1 ment of Mr, Suthurl- u-jd to the amendment, and
it was disagreed to.
I Air. SAVAGE. I move to strike- out all after
, the word " pi ovided," and to inseit the following:
! That Uio additional allowance given by tins act shall
I teimimUe o>> the liUt dny of December, 1854.
! Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I inquire
' whethei that amendment be in order'
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
j amendment is in order.
Mr. SAVAGE. It is not my object, on the
present occasion, to go into a detailed eonsidera-
