1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
right or authority to make this appropriation in
the deficiency bill. It is not to carry out any ex-
isting law, or any treaty stipulation. Tolerate
this practice, and the claim of every private indi-
vidual will come up in your appropriation bills as
this claim does. Stryker was the agent of the In-
dians, and not the agent of the Government. It
is their misfortune, and not ours. He had no
authority or instructions from the Government to
manage these funds, except by the consent of the
Indians. He was made the agent of the Indians i
in this matter by themselves, and not by the Gov- 1
ernment. For any alleged faithlessness on the i
part of their agents or attorneys, let them look to
the individuals, and not to the Government.
Mr. WOODWARD then offered the following
amendment to the amendment, to come in at the
end thereof:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
required, upon payment of the money herein specified, to
take such further steps, if any may be necessary, as shall
enable the United Stares to recover the amount due from
said agent.
Mr. W. said: If the money in question was not
wrongfully withheld from the Indians, the section
proposed by the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] ought not to pass. If the money was
wrongfully withheld, it ought not to pass without
the proviso I offer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. With the per-
mission of my friend from South Carolina, I will
state to the committee a fact in connection with
this subject. This agent is now said to be a man
of wealth, and [ am assured by two members of
this House, is in independent circumstances. I
believe the proviso offered by the gentleman from
South Carolina to be correct, and I think it ought
to be adopted in connection with my amendment.
If I had time, I would reply to the—I will not
say willful, but unquestionable, mistatements of
my friend from Missouri, in regard to the manner
in which this liability has been incurred.
Mr. PHELPS. I read the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. And I will read you the ac-
tual documents from the War Department,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to ask him if the statement made i
by the gentleman from Missouri is correct?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not.
Mr. PHELPS. I stated what the Commis- j
eioner of Indian Affairs said. j
Mr. STANTON. Which Commissioner of j
Indian Affairs? I
Mr. JOHNSON. It was Medill, who never j
did decide on a claim properly. \
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the indulgence of the j , ...
committee for one moment. The gentleman from j; sage of an appropriation of money to go into the
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, that letter shows the
authority from the Government of the United
States to that agent to act between the Indians and
the parties with whom they had transactions, and
to receive money for them; and we cannot now
escape the responsibility. That letter, and an-
other which I published in my speech the other
day, make the Government the trustee—the decis-
ion of Mr. Medill to the contrary notwithstanding.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Woodward.] In the first place, the sub-agent,
Stryker, was not responsible to the Government
of the United States for this alleged defalcation,
but he was responsible to the Indians only, and
a suit against him by the Government is therefore
unavailing. There was no money placed in his
hands by the authority of the Secretary of War
or the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
But the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] took occasion to declare that the statement
which I made in regard to the liability of this in-
dividual, was incorrect. I had only the informa-
tion contained m the public records of the country.
Upon those I relied; and I say that my information
is correct. I desire now to read another para-
graph, in addition to what I read when I was last
up:
" lie acted as the agent or attorney for the Indians in his
private capacity, although he was selected, as they s-tate,
111 consequence of his connection with the Government,
thereby, as they supposed, increasing the salety of the
money coming into his hand«; all, therefore, that the Gov-
ernment could do, was to admonish the agent to act justly
towards the Indians; and tins was repeatedly done, and as
often explained, to the satisfaction ot the Department, by
him until his resignation, on the k20th October, 1840, when
it became apparent that all was not right; but the sub-agent
being out ot ofhce, the Department had no means of com-
pelling the restitution of the moneys said to have been
withheld."
As I learn, the accounts of this sub-agent are
settled. He does not appear to be accountable to
this Government for any portion of the money
which was placed in his hands, having exhibited
proper vouchers for every dollar he received from
the Government. If, then, Stryker is now respon-
sible, if he is solvent, the Indians have their re-
dress and remedy against him, by a resort to
the courts of law, and they ought not to come
here and ask it from the Government. You might
as well make the Government responsible for
money left by individuals in the hands of the re-
ceivers and registers of the land office in their
individual and private capacity, for the purpose of
entering lands when they shall come into the mar-
ket. Are you prepared to sanction such a doc-
trine as that, for the purpose of insuring the pas-
Arkansas says that the statement 1 have made is
incorrect  !
Mr. JOHNSON. I would ask if the gentleman !
fiom Missouri is entitled to the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. He is not. The gentle-
man from Arkansas is entitled to the floor during
the balance of the five minutes appropriated to the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr- JOHNSON. Then I ask for the reading
of the letter which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Department of War, August 11. 1832.
Fir: Your lettei of the 4th instant, With Us mclosures,
has been laid before me by Judge Herring. I have directed
a general authority to be prepared, which I inclose in place
of the papers you"foi warded. Upon referring to the corre-
spondence, at the date of the contract between the Senecas
and Oliver Phelps and his associate*, I do not find that the
Superintendent was then authorized to aft as their trustee
in this matter. It seems pioper, therefoie, that their assent
should be regulaily obtained. The other requisitions are
the customary ones in similar cases.
You have been advised from the Indian bureau, that, to
avoid the charge of postage to the Department, your dis-
patches should be directed on the envelop, for whomsoever
intended, to the Secretary of War The inconvenience re-
sulting from a different course, obliges me to request your
compliance with tins regulation.
I am, very respectfully, your obedien* servant,
JOHN ROBB, Acting Secretary War.
James Stryker, Esq.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well now, Mr. Chairman,
I want to ask the gentleman from Missouri if the
Oliver Phelps who was engaged in this transac-
tion, is any relation of his?
Mr. PHELPS. He is not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the gentleman has no
personal feeling in relation to the matter?
Mr. PHELPS. None at all, sir.
hands of claims-agents, and persons engaged m
prosecuting claims? Are you prepaied to appro-
priate money to individuals and not to carry on
the ordinary expenses of the Government5
The very letter which was read there, at the
desk, shows that the money was to be received
by the sub-agent in his individual capacity, by
the consent of the Indians. They saw fit to
place the money in his hands, as they had a right
to do.
I say, then, that it is improper that the Govern-
ment of the United States should he held respon-
sible for this amount of money. Let there be a
fair investigation of this matter. The commis-
sioner states that all the evidence which has
been obtained on this subject has been from the
Indians themselves, and those interested in the
matter. It was an ex parte hearing or investiga-
tion. Stryker did not appear before the commis-
sioner. I have in my hand the report that was
made at that time. I find the Indians coming up
and testifying somewhat indefinitely and vaguely
in relation to this matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
On motion by Mr. CLINGMAN, the commit-
tee then rose, and the Speaker having resumed the
cha^r, the Chairman (Mr. SrrART,) reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 207, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present a memorial for
the purpose of having it referred. It is thememo-
rial of a citizen of this District, preferring certain
charges against an officer in the District.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Who is the me-
morialist, and who is the officer implicated?
Mr. CABLE. It is a memorial from Mr.
Greenough, preferring charges against Mr. Ew-
bank, of the Patent Office. I ask that, it may
be received and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Several Members objected.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, by unani-
mous consent, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of the widow of
Nehemiah Shockley, asking lor a pension, be withdrawn
from the files ot the House, and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions,
Mr. WALSH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs are
hereby instructed, to inquire into the expediency ofthe sur-
j render by the United States, to the State ot Maryland, ofthe
I jurisdiction of the United States over, and its title to, a
i parcel of land, situated on the Patapsco river, within the
I limits ofthe city of Baltimore, rnd known as the "Site of
1 Fort Covington."
i On motion by Mr. ORR, the House then ad-
ijourned.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr. DUNCAN gave notice that on to-morrow, or some
subsequent day, he would ask leave to introduce " A bill to
amend the tariff act of 1846, by reducing the duty on im-
ported sheep'* wool costing ten cents per pound or less at
the place where imported ; also, to reduce the duty on fiax
imported ; also, to admit free of duty raw-<nlk, dye-woods,
madder, indigo, certain article.' u<?ed in dyeing and com-
posing dyes, "burr-stones, grind-stones, and various other
ai tides."
Mr. FOWLER gave notice that on to-morrow, or soma
subsequent day, he would ask Ipave to introduce " A bill to
refund the balance due to Massachusetts for disbursements
duiing the late war with Gieat Britain."
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. ORR. The petition of Edward Hise, J. H. Isby,
S. Barksdale, and 433 other citizens of Lauren's District,
South Carolina, agauist the extension of Woodworth's
patent.
By Mr. APPLETOIV, of Maine : The petition of A. W.
H. Clapp and others, citizens of Portland, Maine, in aid of
the Collms line of steamers.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia: Various petitions of
the citizens of different poitions of Wetzel county, Vir-
ginia, praying the establishment of different mail routes.
Also, the petition of 155 citizens of Ohio county, in favor
of the Wheeling bridge.
Also, the petition of a large number of the citizens of
Donegal! township, Washington county, Pennsylvania, in
favor of the Wheeling bridge.
Also, the petition or* 92 citizens of Virginia, in favor of
the Wheeling bridge.
Also, the petition of 135 citizens of Ohio county, Virginia,
in tavor ofthe Wheeling bridge.
By Mr. BIB1GHAUS: The petition of W. T. Sanders
and others, assistant marshals of Dauphin couutv, Penn-
sylvania, asking additional compensation for taking the
Seventh Census.
By Mr. SCHERMERHORN: The petition of Azel Fitch
and others, ot Livingston county, New York, against the
further extension of Woodworth's patent.
B\ Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The petition of W. P.
Filbert and 140 others, of Berks county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for an alteration in the bounty land law.
By Mr. McNAIR: The petition and documents of Jacob
Drmkhouse, piaymg compensation for revoUrtionery ser-
vices.
By Mr. ASHE: The memorial of the citizens of Wil-
mington, North Carolina, ptaying the improvement of the
bars and river at that port.
Bv Mi. SWEETSER: The petition of George F. Stay-
, man" and 43 others, citizens of Delaware, Ohio, asking Con-
i' gress to make an appropriation to defray the expenses of
i! locating a road from the Missouri river to the Pacific occan ;
1 also.'for an appropriation of lands along said road to form
I i settlements.
!1 Also, tho petition of A. W. Paul and 53 others, citizens
i of Franklin county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of J. G. Gist and 62 oiheis, citizens of
i Franklin countv, Ohio, on the same subject.
1 Also, the petition of William M. Galbraith and 34 others,
< on the same subject.
1 Also, the petition of M. H. Giinnell, of the city of New
j York, praying Congress to establish a Mint in said city.
> By Mr. EASTMAN: The memorial of the Legislature
I of the State of Wisconsin, relative to the jurisdiction ofthe
United States district courl for the district of Wisconsin.
\lso, the petition of citizens of Lima, Grant county,
Wisconsin, asking a mail route.
1 Al*o, the petition of citizens of Crawford county, Wis-
! cousin, asking a mail route from Prairie du Chien to Eagle
' Point, Boydtown, and Fennimore.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Arthur B. Blackburn,
1, James D. Law, and other citizens of Berlin, Wisconsin,
i; for the right of way for a plank road tkiough the public
ii lands, from Berlin to Plover.
i Also, The memorial ofthe Legislature of Wisconsin, for a
' law to restrict the jurisdiction of the district court of said
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT: The petition of Andrew
White and other citizens of Albany. New York, praying
Congress to extend the Wood worth patent.
