185*.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1723
eral, with the advice and consent of the Pres-
ident."
One word of explanation. It will be observed
that the bill now confers upon Congress the power
to terminate the arrangement for the additional al-
lowance, upon six months' notice. Every gen-
tleman must know, if this contract shall prove
profitable, that the means will be found to prevent
the passage of any proposition diminishing this
compensation. There is no difficulty about that.
I propose, therefore, in addition to the power here
conferred upon Congress, if they shall not exer- j
cise it, that the Postmaster General, with the ad- ;
vice and consent of the President, shall terminate 1
the arrangement, which will make it a Cabinet |
measure. If the Postmaster General shall be sat-
isfied that he is paying an exorbitant and unne-
cessary compensation, then the President and Cab-
inet may discontinue the allowance, and not en-
counter all the delays which operate, under our
rules, to effect, such an object. 1 hope the friends
of the bill will consent to an amendment of that
sort. 1 can see no reasonable objection to it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " $33,000," and inserting
" £26,000."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the amendment of the gentleman is not now in or-
der—the question being the motion made by the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to strike
out the proviso. Motions have been made since
that time to amend it, previous to the question be-
ing taken to strike out. If the gentleman does not
wish to propose his amendment now,and there be
no further amendments to the proviso, the ques-
tion can be taken on striking it out, and then the
gentleman's amendment will be in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the pro-
viso, by striking out " 54," in the 14th line, and
insert u 53."
I desire, in this connection, to reply to some of
the remarks which fell from the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] who said, on
yesterday, and repeated to-day 
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman proposes, if I understand him, to
strikeout " 54," and insert "53." His argu-
ment must tend to that point, and if he departs
from it, he is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must be under
the necessity of deciding that the gentleman from
Virginia must confine his remarks to the change
he proposes.
Mr. MILLSON. Any argument by which I
can show that none of this appropriation should
be voted, will apply to show that it shall be granted
for a limited period only.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
This part which the gentleman proposes to amend
is in regard to the notice, and the propriety of ex-
tending or limiting that notice would be the only
question.
Mr. MILLSON. There would be no stronger
reason for limiting the duration of this appropria-
tion than that there ought to be no appropriation
voted at all. if I can suceeed m showing this
House that it ought not to grant any further relief
to the proprietors of the Collins line, I think I can
show that the grant should be limited to time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not, and
decides the gentleman to be out of order.
Mr. MILLSON. As a matter of principle, 1
will take an appeal
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
question of order raised by the gentleman from j
Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler] as well taken; and j
from this decision the gentleman from "Virginia j
takes an appeal. •
Mr. FOWLER. I move to lay that appeal i
upon the table. ^ !
Mr. MILLSON. I do not wish to take up the j
time of the committee, and I will withdraw my ap- J
peal. I desire to say  I
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's remarks j
will be in order after the question is taken upon
striking out. The question recurs upon striking
out the proviso.
The question was then taken on striking out
the proviso, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 move, sir to strike out
$33,000 in the ninth line, and insert <( $20,000"
in lieu thereof.
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a question of order,
and it js that the committee have been engaged in
endeavoring to perfect the proviso, and until they
come to a final vote upon the question of striking
it out, and conclude to strike it out, the motion of
the gentleman is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Sackett,] and holds that the sub-
division is yet open to amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I was proceeding to remark,
Mr. Chairman, that the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] seemed to admit that
this system was entirely wrong, and so objection-
able did he regard it that he was willing to enter
into negotiations with Great Britain for the pur-
pose of 
Mr. CABELL. I rise to a question of order.
It is important to me that 1 should leave the city
to-morrow, and I am very desirous to have the
vote taken upon the amendment of the Senate.
The gentleman is proceeding with remarks of a
general character, and is not confining him-
self to the question of reducing the $33,000 to
$20,000. I must insist, as far as I can, that gentle-
men should confine themselves to the question im-
mediately before the committee. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] is now replying to
a speech made by the gentleman from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Clingman.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, upon a
motion to reduce the amount appropriated, that it
is legitimate to argue that there ought to be no ap-
propriation at all. But if you must have an ap-
propriation, the amount should be reduced.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] intimated a willingness
to put a stop to this competition between the steam-
ers of Great Britain and those of the United States,
by negotiatingatreaty between the two countries.
He admits that this system of governmental pro-
tection is altogether wrong, but says that, as Great
Britain commenced it, it is necessary, upon the
principle of retaliation, that we should vote this
amount to enable the proprietors of the Collins
lme to maintain the competition. That is his ar-
gument. Now, sir, I will not say how far it may
be proper to act upon the principle of retaliating
wrongs, but I do not see either the wisdom or the
morality of inflicting an injury upon ourselves,
to prevent another nation from securing a benefit,
in #hich we, to a great extent, participate.
The argument is this: Great Britain has com-
menced this system, and therefore we should pros-
ecute it. It is presented also in the report of the
Senate committee upon this subject. They say:
" It may not be improper here again to note, by way of
illustration, the benefits to be derived from ocean steam
mail transportation, when in successful opeiation, as man-
ifested in tiie f-a^-e of the British Cunard line under the aus-
pices ot the Bmi-h Government. Dining the first six
years of its cxi&lence, the line above-named receiied Jrom
the Government no less 5.M),000, while the Govern-
ment received from the company, in. the form of postages, the
enormous t>uta o/'$>7,836,800, oi ;$5,286,800 net revenue
They then proceed to show what have been our
receipts from the Collins line, which, with all
their figuring, they cannot make mine than $256-
773 40 per annum, and say that the Government,
at the end of two years, is only " out of pocket"
$256,453 20."
That is to say, the British Government, accord-
ing to the report of the Senate committee, have
paid Cunard, in a period of six years, the sum of
$2,550,000. They have received $7,836,800,and
have secured a net gam of $5,286,800. There-
i fore, they seem to think this furnishes a strong
' reason why we should pay to the Collins line for
a similar period, $5,143,000 for the sake of ie-
ceiving $1,540,640 40, and thus incurring a net
Joss of $3,607,360 60.
This is the logic of the advocates of the ap-
propriation. We ought to encounter a loss of
$3,607,360 80, because Great Britain has secured a
gam of$5,286,300. Somuch,sir,forthisargument,
plainlv presented in the report of the Senate com-
mittee", and dimly shadowed forth to-day in the
remarks of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Now, sir, in regard to the reduction of freights
to which the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
j Cli.vgman] alludes. I beg leave to call his atten-
1 tion to a statement made in a paper which has
! been laid upon our tables by the friends of this
j line, in which it is distinctly stated that this re-
i duction has not been the result of competition be-
tween the Collins and Cunard lines, but has been
caused by the competition of the propellers, after
the two lines were in operation. Here is the
statement:
"Neither were the mail steamers between New York
and Liverpool the cnu«o of the reduction of freights on for~
cisn merchandise. It wa<, a* the mrmonaJjsrs cannot hut
know, the Ennti-h propellers that, began the sy*tem. Both
the Briu?h and Amencan mail steamers charged £7 10«.
per ton, when the propellers commenced taking freight at
£3 10f. per ton, which induced the mail ste<uners to put
their lates down to £4 10s."
It is here claimed by the friends of the meas-
ure, that the reduction is not due to competition
between the Collins and Cunard lines, as the gen-
tleman from North Carolina argued, but to the
competition between both these lines on the one
hand and the propellers on the other.
Now, sir, in reference to the statement that Mr.
Jefferson was in favor of this species of protection,
I wish I had time to go into the consideration of the
views presented by my colleague fiom the Acco-
mac district, [Mr. Bayly.]
I congratulate the protectionists of the country
on the ally they have got in my colleague, in their
hopeless efforts to make out Mr. Jefferson to be a
protectionist. 1 have heard these arguments again
and again—I have heard them from thestumpand
upon the hustings, but always from the lips of
those who attempted to recommend or excuse the
protective policy, and invoked the authority of
Mr. Jefferson in support of that system.
Sir, I undertake to say, that the citation made
of the opinions of Mr. Jefferson—but why need I
vindicate the opinions of Mr. Jefferson in the
presence of a Democratic Congress! What!
Thomas Jefferson, the man who in 1826, in his
letter to Mr. Giles, expressed the most earnest op-
position to this whole scheme of granting bounties
to a favored few ! He is invoked here as the friend
and advocate of a system of protcteion by govern-
mental bounties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MEADE. I rise for the purpose of op*
posing the amendment offered by my colleague,
and, at the same time, for the purpose of declaring
my entire concurrence with him in relation to the
power of Congress to encourage enterprises of
this kind by protective duties. In the remarks I
made to the House yesterday, I said I based my
advocacy 
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of or-
der. My question of order is, that the views of
Mr. Jefferson, and these other gentlemen, have
nothing to do with the proposed amendment, and
are therefore out of order. The Chairhas, I think
very properly, decided in my case that such dis-
cussion was not in order.
Mr. MEADE. I have not said anything about
the opinions of Mr. Jefferson.
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman is discuss-
ing an hypothetical case.
The CHAIRMAN. As far as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Meade] has gone, the Chair
decides that lie is not out of order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Certainly he is not in or-
der.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks he is in
order.
Mr. MEADE, (resuming.) Mr. Chairman,
the question with me is whether we shall increase
our steam-navy. T am in favor of an increase.
We have, I think, about five steamships in com-
mission, and the great maritime nations of the
earth have from one hundred to one hundred and
fifty. It seems to me that the addition of five
more to the steam-navy of the United States is
but a very small amount compared with the im-
mense naval force of other Powers; but, at the
same time, I say I am not in favor of the large
increase of compensation proposed by the Senate
amendment; and therefore at the proper time 1
shall move to insert $26,000 in the place of $33,000
Having settled the preliminary point that we should
keep on hand an adequate steam force, I now
proceed to confute the arguments of my colleague
[Mr. Millson] by showing that instead of a loss,
we shall make a gain of upwards of $200,000 per
annum for each vessel by making an appropriation
of $26,000 to this line for each round trip.
Mr. SWEETSER. I submit that this discus-
sion is not in order.
Mr. MEADE. I am opposing the reduction to
$20,000. It is altogether wrong. I have a state-
ment, sir, prepared at the Navy Department,
