860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 25, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Bctler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
inclosing a copy of a letter from Mr. John Rob-
erts, agent of the United States Mail Steamship
Company, as being a portion of the information
possessed by this Department, called for by a res-
olution of the Senate of the 4th instant, and not
received until after the report in relation to the
United States mail steamers was transmitted; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of the counties of Penobscot and Waldo, Maine,
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Bangor to Hampden, Lower Corner, and other
towns, and the discontinuance of others; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Allen Lewis, owner of the
fishing schooner Forester; the petition of Ezekiel
Holbrook and other owners of the fishing schooner
Grampus; and the petition of John Cameron and
others, owners of the fishing schooner Stephen
C. Philips, which were lost at sea, praying to be
allowed fishing bounties; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition signed by
one hundred and twenty-nine citizens of Boston,
and a petition signed by one hundred and twenty-
six citizens of Worcester, Massachusetts, praying
a reduction in the rates of ocean postage; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
. and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Dorchester and duiiicy, Massachusetts, praying
the renewal  f Wood worth's patent for a planing
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. PiSH. I present three several memorials of
citizens of New-York, praying Congress to adopt,
in these times of foreign discord and domestic agi-
tation, the principles of Washington, as imbodied
in his Farewell Address, and illustrated by his
life, which was devoted to the service of his coun-
try.
The memorialists say that it is impossible for a
free nation like ours, to be indifferent to the suc-
cess and extension of the principles of national
freedom throughout the world; and that they deem
it inexpedient, even if it were practicable, to leave
our own tostand on foreign ground. They present
America as the beacon-light which points the way
our fathers trod, as a guide for obtaining liberty
and independence. To go further, they think a
case of unjustifiable interference on our part, to-
wards foreign Powers with whom the United
States are at peace, would prove injurious to
those people who seek relief, by relying more upon
foreign aid than upon the justice of their cause,
or their own ability to achieve independence.
The memorials are numerously and respectably
signed by gentlemen of all political parties. As
the subject is before the Senate, 1 move that they
lie upon the (able. I
The motion was agreed to. :
Mr. FISH also presented a petition of citizens '
of Buffalo, New York, praying an extension of
Woodworth'spatentfora plamngmaclune; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the ]
Patent Office. 1
Also, a petition of citizensof Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the bounty land act of 1850 may be so '
modified as to give to each of the persons intended
to be benefited by said act and to seamen and ma- ,
rines who served in the war of 1812, not less than
one hundred and sixty acres of land; which was 1
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. j
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES. !
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com- 1
merce, to which was referred the petition of
George Dennett, praying compensation for ser- j
vices rendered as naval officer, at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill, for his relief; which was read and !
passed to the second reading. The report was or- ,
dered to be printed. I
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which were referred the letters of the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to the accom-
modations of the United States courts, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill, to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to provide suitable ac-
commodations for the courts of the United States;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill in addition to "An act to es-
tablish the judicial courts of the United States;"
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill granting the
right of way, and making a grant of land to the
State of Michigan, in trust for the Zilwaukie,
Grand Traverse, and Mackinaw Plank Road
Company, in aid of the construction of a road l
from Zilwaukie, on the Saginaw river, to Grand
Traverse Bay, thence to the Straits of Mackinaw,
reported it back, with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
ior the relief of James Jones; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROOKE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill, grant-
ing lands to the States of Louisiana and Missis-
sippi, in aid of the construction of certain railroads
therein; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the benefit of the town of Belieview, in Iowa;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO.
The bill to divide the State of Ohio into two
judicial districts, and to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts of the United States
therein, was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
being made, it was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill divides the State of Ohio into two ju-
dicial districts. The counties of Belmont, Guern-
sey, Muskingum, Licking, Franklin, Madison,
Champaign, Shelby, and Mercer, together with
that part of the State lying south of the above-
mentioned counties, are to compose one district,
to be called the southern district of Ohio, a court
for which is to be held at the city of Cincinnati;
and all the remaining part of the State is to com-
pose another district to be called the northern dis-
trict of Ohio, for which a court is to be held in the
city of Cleveland.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY COMMISSIONER.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. Weller, the 22d instant, in
relation to charges against the commissioner ap-
pointed to run the boundary between the United
States and Mexico; and it was agreed to.
POSTAL STATISTICS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Sumner
on the 18th instant:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested tu
report to the Senate the whole number of letters which
patted through the poht offices of the United States duiinjr
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1851, disuiiKUishing the paid
from the unpaid, those paid by stamps from those paid by
cash ; also, tile number of free letteis.
Also, the aggregate number of drop letters dining the same
period. j
Also, the amount of piinted matter, number of newspa- j
pers and periodicals sent through the post offices during the '
same period, distinguishing the paid from the free ; ami if 1
this be not practicable, then to furnish an estimate thereof. !
™ nUir'ber of dead letters returned to the Genera) i
Post Office during the same period, and the amount of post- !
agedue thereon; theamountofpropertyfoundm the same - i
the amount restored to owners, and the amount for which <
no owners have been found, and the disposition made of the i
balance on hand. ' |
Also, the cost of the transportation of the mails and the i
postage collected in each of the several States during the i
same period. * j
Also, the number of letters conveyed during the camp !
period by the Cunard, Collins, Bremen, and Havre lines of I
steamers respectively, distinguishing the paid from the un-
paid, also, the number of newspapers conveyed bv thp
on^he same6^601^0^'an<^ ,'ae anioum°f postage collected
Also, to report the amount of postage collected by each
of the said lines in the United States and Gieat Britain,
respectively; ami the amount of commissions paid to our
postma-tors on the balance due and paid to the British Gov-
ernment on account of postage.
Also, the number of dead letters returned to the United
Stales and Great Britain, respectively,, under the postal
treaty, and the amount of postage due thereon.
Also, the same with regard to dend letters returned to the
United States and Bremen, respectively.
Also, the amount required fiom and paid to the Butish
©overnmenron account of closed mails, and the rates per
ounce of such conveyance.
Also, the amount paid tor the transmission of letters to
the continent of Europe and to China by the Oriental line
ot -teamers ; also the number of letters sent to China, via
Marseilles.
Also, the number of letters conveyed between New York
and California, and also between New York and Oregon,
via Chagrcs and Panama, and the amount of postage col-
lected thereon, distinguishing Jhe paid from the unpaid, and
the number of free letters, and the number of newspapers,
and the postage thereon.
Also, the number of letters and newspapers conveyed by
the Charleston and Havana steamer, and the amount of
postage collected thereon.
Also, the number of ship letters received during the same
period m the offices of the United States, and the amount
paid fur the same.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested, in
his next annual report for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
185^, to imbody answers tor that period to the inquiries in
the preceding resolution.
Mr. RUSK. I promised to read that resolu-
tion, but neglected to do so on account of other
matters; and I now desire to ask the Senator
whether it contemplates that it shall be answered
now, or in the annual report of the Postmaster
General?
Mr. SUMNER. It is designed that that part
relating to the last fiscal year shall be answered
now; and that that relating to the next fiscal year
shall be answered in the next annual report of the
Postmaster General. In introducing the resolu-
tion, (which I did after some consideration of the
matter, believing that the topics to which it relates
were of great importance,) I ascertained from a
person whom I considered a competent judge, that
the inquiry could probably be answered in the
space of three weeks. The matters are important;
and therefore seem to justify the inquiry.
Mr. RUSK. The resolution asks for informa-
tion which is important, and which I think ought
to have been, or at least a large portion of it, ought
to have been returned in the annual report of the
Postmaster General. But it struck me, as it was
read, that it would occupy a longer time than three
weeks to prepare the information. I know that
they are very much engaged in the Post Office
Department. They have not clerks enough. In
fact, they are asking for more. The Postmaster
General has no clerk of his own. To be sure,
nominally he has a clerk assigned to him; but he
is at the head of a bureau, and can only spend
part of his time with him. I am anxious that all
the information asked for in the resolution should
be before the Senate. I think a large portion of
it is very important.
Mr. BADGER. Let us pass the resolution at
any rate. If we cannot get it in three weeks, let
us get it in three months.
The resolution was then adopted.
NAVY-YARD AND DRY-DOCK IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to establish a
navy-yard and depot on the bay of San Francisco,
in California.
Mr. BRODHEAD. When the Senate adjourned
the other day, I had nearly concluded the remarks
that I intended to make on the subject of the dry-
dock, basin, and railway m California. I shall now
occupy but little of the time and attention of the.
Senate, in concluding what I have to say.
It is important, in the first place, Mr. Presi-
dent, to ascertain exactly the question which is to
be decided, and the facts which bear upon that
question. The question now to be decided by the.
Senate is, whether we will establish a basin and
railway in connection with a dry-dock in Califor-
nia, or a pier. That is the precise question now
under consideration.
I stated the other day, that the proposed struct-
ure of a basin and railway was not only without,
but against, the recommendation of the Navy De-
partment; and, besides, that it is useless and un-
necessary. The honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, in his speech, referred to fortifications on the
Eastern and on the Western coasts, and to steam-
vessels. With that portion of his speech—and he
occupied most of his time in discussing questions
