1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1725
rltd bhck, as correctly enrolled, the foi-
ls and joint resolutions, which there-
the 30th of June, 385)2," and had come to no res-
olut'on rhor;.
Ivir. H F.XN, from the Committee on En rolled
Bills, reports
lowing bills
upon received the signature of the Speaker, vjz
An act to amend ail act entitled "An act pro-
viding for the sale of certain land in the States of
Ohio and Michigan, ceded by the Wyandot tribe
of Indians, and for other purposes,"approved on
the 3d day of March, 1843;
An act for the relief of Ichabod Weymouth;
An act for the relief of Francis Tribou;
An act for the relief of Amos Knapp;
An act making; appropriation for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending1 the 30th of June, 3853; and
A joint resolution to ostnbhsh certain post
routes.
TRADE BETWEEN TEXAS AND MEXICO.
Mr. HOWARD. The:-
bi'l
Speaker's table m relation to the regulation of
trade between Texas and Mexico, f ask the
unanimous consent of the House to have that bill
taken from the Speaker's tabic, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
There being; no objection, the following bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, viz:
An act authorizing imported good**, waies, and
merclmndi&e entered and bonded for warehousing
in pursuance of law, to be exported by certain
routes to poits and places m Mexico.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. CH A STAIN",
Oidered. Thar tlu* r^peis of William Smith, a kvoIu-
lionary pohiier, vvnii.ii.iwn from the flips of the House,
and referred to the Cmmuice <> i Revolutionary Pension*.
On motion by Mr. PE?sNT,
Ordered, That l<? w h? jr/an^ed to wiihdi.v.v f;nm tin1
files of the ffuu-.", tlio {jap^rs in the ci^e of thf heu< of
Eiias Bi^adViVil. el'iimtnif compen-anon to; th? Io^, .jf a
library, burnt fiiuiii^ the war of IclCI. f>>r Uif , ujfo-o >•.
leferenee to the Peiiato.
On motion hy Mr. "\VAl.SH,
Ordered^ That lot:h'; <2im wnhdiaw fnnn the
files of the Tloi'if. rap F"U>er- or MiJin f Fue->% .oi the
purpose of k t^ur-cc Uj imc ;Vt:auj.
BARRACKS AT SAVANNAH, GEORGIA.
Mr. STEPHENS, *'f Georgia. There ts ajoint
resolution upo^ the S -;eaker*s tible. proposing fo
surrender the property of the barracks in the city
of Savannah to the city authorities. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Hoi^se *o have thai bill
taken from tbe Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on Mditary Affairs-% The resolution
came from the Senate some time sm^e. It if. en-
tirely a local matter.
Mr. WALSH. Is it a general bill J
Mr. STEPHENS. AV, it is entirely local iu
its character
There being no objection, the following joint
resolution was taken from the broker's taole,
read a first and second time by its till*, and in-
ferred to the Committee on "Military A/Tans, ^ \v:
ior tm
V-
1 d ti d erm 1;
t-. *hc «mv
; sdoeai-er
A joint resolutiua
the old Oglethorpe burro c
Savannsh, Georgia.
URSULA E. COBB.
Mr. COBB. Theren iibiilupoiuhi
table proposing to (4; rant an invalid pension ot
four dollars a m«>nth to a poor old widow. T ask
the unanimous consent of the Fiouse to have that
bill token from the Speaker V* table,and refeirod to
the Committee on Im-aNl Pe"iMonx.
There being no obiecnon, thei'lhowmr. bill was
then taken from the Speakers t:.bte, read a first
find second time hv ir< title, and referred i<> the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, vi/t
An act for the relief <>f L"renin E.^Cobb.^
On motion hy iMr. .McMbLLIN, the Hdv^c
then adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o Vl-jck,
a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 10, 1952.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Moro,\>j.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RATES OP POSTAGE.
The SP£A KER. The first business before the
House is the consideration of House bill No. :
144, to amend an act entitled *• An act to reduce •
ruid modify the rates of postage in the United
States, and for other purposes,"passed March 3d, ;
l£>oi; and tne pending question is the amendment i
proposed by the gentleman from Towato thesecond
section, and to go m at the end of it, as follows: ]
The piesMents of universities, colleges, academies, and ij
of ail K-ienrhe institutions, and also the Smithsonian in>ti- !j
tution, may scud by iDdii, trecot postage, the punted copies 'j;
or any regal;)t papa), pamphlet, or book published under |j
the authoiity ot an\ ,-ujh institution; and also the proof- '|
sheet« of sulii opu? 5 while t'ne same aie being published : j
PrubiJfU riuch printed copies shall be distributed giatis. "\
Mr. OLD3. There is a motion pending to re- ,j
commit this bill to the Committee on the Post
Otfice and Post itoads.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has overlooked ;
that motion. Does the gentleman withdraw it?
Mr. OLDS. 1 withdraw the motion. It is sur-
prising, Mr. Speaker, that sectional issues must
be dragged into every debate arising in this House.
The gentleman from New York, with his usual
ingenuity, has managed to bring a sectional argu-
ment against my poor postage hill. Now, sir, for
the hie of me, 1 cannot see what the question of
slavery has to do with the postage on newspapers. ■
This bill does not contemplate making the negroes
mailable matter. The Committee on the Post ;
Oince and Post Roads do not propose sending all 1
the negroes North, at a postage of one cent per :
ounce, i have no idea that the mails of the United i
Rutes w:d ever be converted into a negro-stealing ;
machine. The gentleman should have learnt ere 1
this that there is an underground railroad for this
purpose, which more appropriately comes under
the jurisdiction of the Committee on Roads and
Canals, i have no knowledge, sir, that our com-
mittee has any petition asking Congress to make ,
tins underground-railroad a mail route. I have ,
taid enough, i trust, to allay the gentleman's scc-
tional fe&ig,and again ask the attention of the j
House to the incuts of the bill. ,
i. vi.*h to stnro one fact, tor the information of!
the Roust and the gentleman fiom New York, ,
[Mr. Brooks.] it is, that when the Committee ■
on the Post Ortice and Post Roads had reported
this identical bill, wuh the exception of the amend- .
mentjusi agreed to, changing the weight from two ■
and a half ounces to two ounces, I forwarded to
the publishers of each of the newspapers in the (
city of New York, and those of almost every other j
city m the country, a copy of the bill, together 1
with a copy of the accompanying report. Within
the last Uvo weeks, a petition has been putin my
hand-?, coming through the House of Representa-
tives, from most of the publishers of newspapers <
and periodicals in the city of New York, asking j
what this bill provides for. j
Now, sir. these publishers must have seen this '
bill before :hey signed that petition, for it had been ,
in ti:eir hands f'uMhree months. My understand- j
ingof tius petition is, that they deshe the passage !
uHhi.s j Jeiuual bill. I im<y, perhaps, be mistaken,
rue saeii iS my construction upon it. I am sorry
not to Jind among die number, the publishers of the
New York Express; but I find here the names of
James War .on \7 ebb of the Courier and Enquirer,
sjvee! v ^ i icEh-ath of the Tribune. James Gor-
don I'lenne'r of the New Yoik Herald 
Mr. I>'tOOKS. Permit me to ask the gentle-
mtujif they petition that the rates of postage,
shauld be increased ?
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir; I have said that those
publishers who signed this petition had my bill in
their posso-.hion vvWa they'signed it. In justice, '
however, to these publisher* I must say, that 1
am satjf heii that ihey t're opposed fo reducmg the
stand?id vre c;bt fr^m rwr> apd a halt to two ounces.
I received a "private letter f~om the publishers of
one of the papers in the city of New Y ork—the
ao'unal of Commerce—objeutmg to the reduction
. of the stai.J.M'd weight below two and a half ounces.
it is the only objection thai has been raised by
' any of the publisher^ of newspapers 10 the city of
i New Yoik. .
; Mr. SlxELTON. Will the effect of this bill
' be to reduce the rates oi postage'
Mr. OLDS. 1 have here some statistics, show-
■ mg the rates of postage ss they are under the old,
and as they wuf be under the new law. _
1 When Twas interrupted by the expiration of
1 the morning hour on yesterday, I was endeavor-
ing to institute a comparison between the rates of
| postage charged under the law as it now stands,
and'those charged under this bill; and from re-
marks which were made to me by gentlemen of
the House, after the adjournment on yesterday,
what I then feared might be true, I find to be true
—that I did not succeed in making myself under-
stood by the House.
I have been to some trouble since the adjourn-
ment of yesterday, to rearrange my table making
the comparison between the rates of postage on
newspapers under the old law, and the proposed
new one, so that it might be more intelligible to
the House. This table may contain some inac-
curacies, but is believed to be substantially cor-
rect. My figures will differ very materially from
those of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] from the fact that he bases his calcula-
tion upon a weight of three ounces, as that is the
minimum weight of the old law, whilst mine is
based upon a minimum weight of one ounce, *
which will cover more than nine tenths of the en-
tire press of the country. The New York Herald,
Tribune, Sun, &c., single sheet, will all be cov-
ered by this rate.
On a daily paper per quarter under the old law,
the postage under fifty miles would be twenty-
five cents—under the new, thirty-nine cents; over
fifty miles and under three hundred, the old would
be fifty cents, and the new thirty-nine cents; over
three hundred and under one thousand, the old
would be seventy-five cents, and the new thirty-
nine cents; over one thousand and not exceeding
two thousand miles, the old would be one dollar,
and the new thirty-nme cents; over two thousand
and not exceeding three thousand miles, the old
would be one dollar twenty-fire cents, and the
new thirty nine cents; over three thousand miles,
under the new law the postage is doubled. The
average rate under the old law would be $5 25;
under the new, $2 75.
Onatri-weeklypaper, the postage, where the dis-
tance is under fifty miles, under the old law, would
be fifteen cents per quarter; under the new nineteen
and a half cents. Over fifty miles and under three
hundred, the old would be thirty cents, the new
nineteen and a half; over three hundred miles and
under one thousand, the old would be forty-five
cents and the new nineteen and a half cents; over
one thousand miles and under two thousand miles
the old would be sixty cents, and the new nine-
teen and a half rents; over two thousand miles
and under three thousand, the old would be sev-
enty-five cents and the new nineteen and a half
rents; over three thousand miles, under the new
law, he rate would be double. The average rate
under the old would be, three dollars and fifteen
cents, under the new one dollar and thirty-six
and a half cents.
On a semi-weekly paper the postage per quarter
under fifty miles, under the old law, would be ten
cents, under the new thirteen cents; over fifty
miles and under three hundred, the old would be
twenty cents and the new thirteen cents; over
three hundred miles and under one thousand, the
old would be thirty cents, and the new thirteen
rents; over one thousand miles and under two
thousand, the old would be forty cents, and the
new thirteen cents; over two thousand miles and
under three thousand, the old would be fii'tycents,
and the new thirteen cents; over three thousand
the rate under the new law is doubled. The aver-
age would be two dollars and sixteen cents under
the old law, and ninety-one cents under the new
law.
On a weekly paper, the postage per quarter
under fifty miles,'under the old law, would be five
cents, under the new six and a half rents: over
fifty miles and under three hundred, it would be,
under the old law, ten cents, under the new six
and a half cents; over three hundred miles and
under one thousand, the old law would be fifteen
cents, and the new six and a half; tner one
thousand nnles and undet two thousand, the old
would be twenty cents, and the new six and a
half cents; over two thousand miles and under
! three thousand, the old would be twenty-fne
■ cents, and the new six and a half cents; over
three thousand miles the ratei3 doubled under the
i new law. The average would be one dollar
j and five cents under the old law, and forty-five
i and a half cents under the new.
! Mr. FOWLER. Will the chairman oftheCoin-
! mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads have
the goodness to state again the difference between
; the rates under the present law, and the proposed
