1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
of that kind—I have nothing to do; I have no re-
ply to make to it. I have stated that the basin
and railway would cost at least §1,000,000; and,
therefore) that the pier, which will cost but §50,000, {
ought to be adopted, in compliance with the j
recommendation of the Navy Department. That
Department has never yet, as I will show, recom-
mended this basin and railway; and no vessel has
ever yet been tested upon one, either in the mer-
chant or naval service of the United States. Nay,
more, Mr. President; not only is it without the
recommendation of the Navy Department, but it
is against the solemn decision of the last Congress.
I will refer to the last navy appropriation bill, to
sustain this allegation:
" For the floating dry dock in California, .$'150,000; and
the secretary of' the Xavy is hereby required &o to modify
the contract, alleged to have been made on the 17th of Jan-
uary ia<t, a« to confine the same to the construction o; the
floating dock along) without the baiin and railway-"
That was based upon the recommendation of
the Navy Department. I stated this once before;
and how was it met by the honorable Senator from
California? He stated that he would not intrude
upon the private business—it was private bill day—
but, says he—
" When I do speak, I pledge myself not to leave the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] tor the argu-
ment brought forward this morning, and which has been so
laboriously prepared, an inch of ground to stand on."
"The Senator's speech is a mere reha«h of arguments
which have been brought up, time and again, in opposition
to tins system, and discredited by bolh Houses of Con-
gress."
Here I make an issue of fact with the Senator.
I show the act of Congress sustaining those argu-
ments, if they ever were advanced before. I was
not a member of the last Congress. But the hon-
orable Senator, when he addressed the Senate last,
said that Mr. Henshaw, upon a former occasion,
recommended this dock. Now, upon an exami-
nation of what Mr. Henshaw said, I find that he
only recommended it to be tested. He did not
recommend the adoption of it, as I understand it;
if he did, I can be corrected. H£ recommended
the testing of it. Then Mr. Mason came into
office. He was succeeded by Mr. Preston, and
he again by the present Secretary of the Navy.
I will show you, presently, the opinion of Mr.
Mason, and then I will give a brief sketch of the
history of these dock operations on the Atlantic
side; and if I do not show you one of the most
magnificent schemes of speculation that was ever
carried through Congress, I am very much mis-
taken. I will do it from the record, from the rec-
ord which the contractors themselves have made.
Mr. President, I have said that this was not only
useless, but unnecessary. In answer to that, the
Senator from California says that the basin and
railway are not to be erected until those which are
in Philadelphia or Kittery shall be tested. Sup-
pose the test should fail, then when are you going
to have a dry-dock established, and how? Sup-
pose it should fail ?—as it has signally failed in
Philadelphia, as I will show. The Philadelphia
dry-dock is not only a signal failure, but it is a
nuisance, and has cost near a million of dollars.
In support of this allegation, I will show what the
honorable Senator himself said on this* subject
when he first called up this bill. He is chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs and ought to
be good authority;
"There isanother reason why this bill should pass. At
the last session of Congress there was an act passed author-
izing the building of a sectional floating dock, and there
was a site selected for the location of that dock. But,
upon an experiment made at Philadelphia, it has been uj>-
certained that there is not water enough at the site select-
ed
What is the depth of water at the site selected
by the joint commission which was sent out in
1848 and 1849, and made a report in 1850? I will
presently read an extract from that report. I
understand there is forty f^et of water there.
Then, if these contractors told the truth in regard
to the location at Philadelphia, when they were
making their application for that site, the selection
made by the joint commission sent out under the
last Administration is correct, and this bill ought
not to pass in its present shape. When they were
before Congress before, the contractors stated, over
and over again, when they were charged by the gen-
tlemen whom they have taken into partnership with
them, that their structure would require greater
depth of water than was to be found in any one
of the navy-yards—that their structure could be
put up m Philadelphia. But when it is put up,
we find in the deficiency bill an item of $12,000
to be appropriated for dredging in front! of the
dry-dock, notwithstanding that, by the terms of
the comiact, it was to be taken off the contractor's
hands and tested last June. It may have been
taken off their hands;but no vessel, no ship-of-the-
hne—and it was designed for ships-of the-line—
has ever yet been placed upon it; and I think
never will be.
Mr. President, this plan of dock has been known
to the public for years past. How, then, does it
happen that the whaling vessels that are fitted out
in New England have never adopted it? Why is
it that this basin and railway has never been
adopted in the merchant service?^ That is an im-
portant inquiry. Do you suppose that the intelli-
gent Yankees who lit out these vessels would not
have used this dock, if it were as useful as it has
j bten represented? 1 made inquiry of the honora-
• ble and distinguished Senator from Rhode Island
upon the subject, and 1 found that they never
have adopted it. This basin and railway has
never been adopted in the merchant service. But,
says the honorable Senator, they are about to
build one in New York. How does it happen
that they never built one before? But I would
like to know how he obtained his information.
Mr. G WIN. Do you deny it?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I want to know whether
he speaks from personal knowledge. I would like
to know how, and where he got the information.
Mr. Gr WIN. I assert the fact. If the Senator
denies it, I am ready to give the proof.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have never yet heard of
one being established; and I doubt whether the
honorable Senator has seen it.
Mr. Gr W IN. Mr. President 
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not doubt that he has
been so informed—not at all. I do not doubt but
that he believes all that he has said. But, sir, I
know very well that if it had been such a useful
structure it would have heen adopted long since.
Why should the Government adopt it iirst?
But it is said, Mr. President, that this pier
would be eaten up by the worms. Well, sir, it
can be coppered, as I said the other day, m the
same manner that floating dry-docks are coppered.
If the project of building a basin and railway is
adopted, how long will it be—and I put the ques-
tion to the Senator from California, and to the
Senate—how long will it be before the floating dry-
dock, which was ordered at the last session, and
which the Senator from California informs us is
i now on its way out, can be put to use ? It can-
; not be used without a basin and railway, or a
pier;-and it will take six or seven years, according
to the statement of the Navy Department, to con-
struct the basin and railway. So the structure
which we ordered at the last session, and for
which we are to pay §610,000, will be idle and
useless, and will be eaten up by worms before the
railway can be constructed.
1 will now go into a history of the dock opera-
i tions on the Atlantic side; and I will state first
! generally how it is, and then follow it with the
i proof. These gentlemen came here in 1843 or
; ]g44—two sets of them—each claiming a patent.
; They both presented memorials, in opposition to
j the recommendation of the Navy Department, and
! they infoimed Congress what these docks, basins,
; and railways could be established for. They es-
I tinmted the expense at$350,000 or $400,000. They
' have received about $800,000 for each one, and I
! will show the modus operandi presently.
I In 1844 Mr. John S. Gilbert presented his rne-
; morialhereon the 29th of March. 1 have the
1 original document which was presented m this
; body; and I wish it to be noticed that he is one
I of the contractors in the case now before the
i Senate, as 1 understand. On your table is the
contract for the establishmentat Kittery, in which
his name appears. He had a contest with a gen-
1 tleman by the name of Dakin, as I find by the
1 record, and they contested the matter for years;
| and finally I find them all together, and the work
i divided up.
Well, sir, Mr. John S. Gilbert, one of the part-
I ners in the contract for the construction of the Cali-
I fornia dock, presented his memorial, a part of
I which I will read;
! « For a floating dock at Brooklyn, New York, built in
i the best manner, of galvanized iron up to the load line,
, capable of raising and sustaining the laigest hue of battle-
ship in our Navy, with .armament and stores on board,
weighing five thousand two hundred tons, §-2o0,000.
" For a dock to be built in the same manner at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, for a frigate ot the first class. ^150,(K)0.
" For a dock to be built in the same mannerat Pensacola,
for a frigate of the second class, $100,000.
" For basins and railways, to be used in connection with
the docks pioposed by your memorialist, are estimated to
cost §40,000 each."
I read also from a document entitled " A Brief
Sketch of the Plan and Advantages of a Sectional
Floating Dock," published in 1843, the following:
•' From the foregoing plain statement of facts, certificates,
and recommendations presented in this document, members
of Congiess will be enabled (without being compelled to de-
pend upon the judgment or opinion of those who are preju-
diced against all improvements in our Navy, or whose in-
terest leadvS them to oppose) to judge tor themselves,
whether it will be tor the be?t interest of the country to con-
struct an expensive excavated dock, requiring eight ycais
to build it, at an expense of .<$1,200,000 when completed, or
to build an economical floating dock, at an expense of only
.<$■250,000, which can beeoinpletedmsix months,and winch
it is believed by those best able to judge, will be the most
serviceable dock for all naval purposes."
A ship-of-the-line is the largest vessel in the
service.
Mr. BADGER. Is that for building a ship-of-
the-line 5
Mr. BRODHEAD. _ No; it is for building a
dock for a ship-of-the-line. He then goes on to
praise his own dock, and shows that the dock of
Mr. Dakin was not worth anything. I intend,
sir, to use the evidence of these snen against each
other, and to show that they went together, and
both plans of docks were adopted, and that they
must nave made $1,000,000, if they told the truth;
and it follows further, that if they told the truth
in their memorials, the docks which they have
constructed are not worth anything. He then
goes on to praise this dock right well, and says
that Mr. Dakin's dock is not worth much. Here
is the memorial, which any Senator catf) see. Then
Mr. Dakin presented his memorial. But before
leaving this memorial of Mr. Gilbert, I must also
read you what he says in regard to the depth of
water required to work Dakin's dock:
" It is important to observe that a dock on the plan here
proposed can operate at any navy-yard where the water is
deep enouffh to float a ship with her annament on board.
No expense for excavating and keeping open the channel
will be necessary, as is the case with other docks. Mr.
Sanger, the engineer at the Bureau of Docks and Yards,
reports that the expense of dtedgingthe channel, to enable
Dakin's dock to operate, including crib-work to keep the
same open, willbe ^150,358."
And yet, sir, Dakin's dock hasbeen taken,and
Gilbert is one of the partners for constructing it.
Now, 1 will read to you how much he did re-
ceive, after Mr. Dakin had withdrawn his oppo-
sition to him, and he had withdrawn his opposi-
tion to Mr. Dakin:
" For balance floating dock at Kittery, $437,325; for
basin and one railway, $282,580."
Wow, look at the contract on the table for the
establishmentat Kittery. You will find this same
gentleman is one of the partners in the business
for which he and his associates offered to build
this basin and railway for §40,000, thereby getting
Congress to pass the act, and then, when it was
passed, they received $282,580; and the other gen-
tleman received at Philadelphia $411,059 for a
basin and railway, and $402,683 for a dock,
making in all the sum of §813,742. For the
dock, basin, and rail way at Pensacola tjiey received
$921,937, and for the dock at California 610,000,
making together $3,078,594^-8 pretty good sum of
money for one set of contractors to receive, who
excluded competition by claiming a patent.
Now, sir, Mr. Dakin presented his memorial
to Congress, in which he complains that there was
a violation ol his contract made for putting up a
dock at Pensacola; he also complains that his ori-
ginal contract was violated,and desires thatitmay
be altered. He says that "Mr. Upshur entered
I 1 into a contract with him for $70,000; that his
i ' plan is decidedly the best, and that the plan of the
| ' other gentleman ought not to beadopted." Here
] is the memorial. Both these gentlemen were well
I sustained by scientific srentlemer, as they say.
i Well, sir^ they contested the matter up to the
: year 1847, as 1 find by the record ; various con-
! tests took place between the parties represented
i bv these two patentees and their associates.
1 Then Congress passed an act directing the Secre-
: tary of the Navy to cause to be constructed at
| each of the yards of Kittery, Philadelphia, and
■j Pensacola, a dry-dock for ships-of-the-iine, and a
