$62
the congressional globe.
March 25,
railway at any such place as*may be preferred by
the Secretary of the Navy. You perceive that
this first act of 1847 conferred a discretionary
■power on the Secretary of the Navy. But, sir,
the contest commenced before him, (Mr._Mason,)
and here is his report on the subject. The ^on"
test commenced before him, and they refused to
allow the Secretary of the Navy to use their pat-
ent-right; and that is the way the matter came
back to,.Congress again. I will read what the
Secretary says:
" Each of the several plans of the docks submitted to
the Departments was a patented invention, and good faith
would riot permit me to invade that patent, by using it,
without the consent of the proprietors. Therefore the pro-
prietors of the two plans of docks known as the balance
and sectional xdock, in their proportions, m answer to the
invitations of the Department m Maich last, do not specify
auy price at which the right to use their patents would be
sold to the Department."
Mind what an honest report this is—
—uAnd the price contained in their proposals for the
construction by contract greatly exceed the sums appropri-
ated for the objeGt to the thiee navy-yards. The chief of
the bureau of docks and navy-yaids, under my direction,
$,gmn addressed the proprietors of these two plans; agam
called their attention to tins point of inquiry, and requested
them to state the price at which the Government would be
permitted to use the patent in constructing the docks au-
thorized."
" They declined to make such an arrangement,
but again repeated the offer to contract for the ex-
ecution of the work." The Secretary of the Navy
replied that he could not evade a patent-right, and
hence the whole matter came up again in Con-
gress in 1848. But what does the Secretary of
the Navy say as^o the propriety of making these
docks ?
" On the question of the most suitable plan lor a dry-dock,
my own opinion, officially formed m 1814, in favor of the
permanent stone dock, as preferable to ail others, is un-
changed."
Well, sir, then it came into Congress. Those
gentlemen who had contested the ground before in
Congress, and got their bill passed, leaving it to
the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy, came
into Congress again, and in 18-18 obtained the
passage of an act under which these contracts
were made. Here is the, act, sir, authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy ,und directing him peremp-
torily—for, sir, nothing was left to his discretion—
to adopt the plans of both these gentlemen.
Now, you can easily understand how it was
done. They got tired of warring with each other,
and then they come to Congress and get the con-
tracts "together. They get all the contracts they
had been asking for, one set getting the contract
for the work at Kittery, another at Philadelphia,
and another at Pensacola, all of them going on
together; for their names are all in the contractfor
the California dock. Now, this is very evident,
and the reason must be apparent to £very one, how
they obtained nearly $1,000,000 for each of these
^ structures, when their memorials show that they
offered to do the work for $350,000 or $400,000.
So that, if they told the truth when they came to
get the contracts, they have made #1,000,000.
Now, Mr. President, I think it is time that Con-
gress should quit this dock building arid abandon
this system of making contracts, and refer that
business to the executive branches of the Govern-
ment, so that there may be some responsibility
somewhere, as there ought to be. I think that
Mr. Preston, when Secretary of the Navy, com-
plained of this mode of proceeding on the part
of Congress. We charge the Navy Department
with $2,000,000 for dry-docks, in opposition to
the recommendation of the Department, and then
we go before the country, complaining of the
heavy expenses of this Government, and oppos-
ing a Whig Administration for doine; it. Sir, that
is not right. The expenses of this Navy Depart-
ment run up to $9,000,000 or $3,000,000 higher
than ever before, and the answer to the inquiry as
to the cause of that fact, is found in these Con-
gressional docks, in opposition to the recommend-
ation of Mr. Secretary Mason, in opposition to
that of Mr. Secretary Preston, and in opposition
to the recommendation of the present Secretary of
the Navy himself. Is this the proper tribunal ?
Are we to examine and decide between particular
classes of docks? How many members of this
body have seen and examined docks? It is our
business to pass laws, not to make contracts.
I have prepared a good many other facts upon
this subject, Mr. President, but I will reserve
them, for the present. But I will ask what is the
necessity for these immense naval establishments?
Ought they not to bear some proportion to our
Navy ? What is the extent ana magnitude of our
Navy when compared with these vast naval estab-
lishments of our country? Why, sir, we have
but seventy-five vessels in all. We have but
eleven ships-of-the-line, one razee, twelve frigates
of the first class, two of the second class, twenty-
one sloops-of-war, four brigs, three schooners,
five steamers of the first class, seven steamers less
than the first class, and five store-ships—in all
seventy-five. Now we have a dock for every
eight vessels that we own, whether in commis-
sion or out of commisssion, whether old or new.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, we ought to
abandon the contract system; or, if contracts are
to be made, let them be made by the executive
branches of the Government, and let them be
given to the lowest bidder.
Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator mean to aban-
don all contracts? Are we to make no more? For
instance, would he do away with contracts in
regard to our printing?
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from California asks me whether I am willing to
abandon all contracts, and he illustrates by refer-
ring to our contracts for printing. In answer to that,
I reply at once, that 1 would prefer to have a Gov-
ernment printingestablishment. Butthat isabusi-
ness which particularly appertains to this body;
the business of building dry-docks does not; and
how shall we undertake to decide between these
different classes of docks. I therefore think that
we should abandon this contract system, because
in many respects it has an evil tendency. I do
not blame these gentlemen for coming here and
obtaining large contracts. They have a perfect
right to do so; but if one set of gentlemen come
here and make large contracts, and thereby secure
to themselves large fortunes, others may do the
same thing, and their number will increase from
year to year. Sir, we have a Secretary of the
Navy; we have a bureau of docks and yards; we
have a bureau of construction and repairs; we
have naval architects and engineers, and yet we
cannot trust our Navy Department with the build-
ing of a dry-dock. We ourselves are to decide
as to the particular dry-dock that shall be built.
What necessity is there for this? If we are to
canvass and decide upon these matters in detail,
let us dispense at once with the Navy Department;
let us abandon our bureau of yards and docks,
and construction and repair, if we in the Senate
are to do the business which appropriately belongs
to them. Sir, I regard this as a perfect answer to
any advocacy of this contract system which has
grown up here.
Now, sir, I will remark here that I have pre-
pared a bill, somewhat modified from that pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from California,
and which I think will be sufficient to carry out
his design. I am willing that he should have a
dry-dock and navy-yard; I am also willing that he
should have a marine barracks—although I ques-
tion the utility of a barracks—and that he should
establish a pier. But it is said—that is the great
argument against this pier—that it would be eaten
up by the worms. Now, I would like to know
from the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
how they protect their piers where these immense
whaling vessels are fitted out? I have been given
to understand, that in the North they have a way
of protecting them; and if they can be protected
from the worms in Rhode Island by covering them
with copper, or driving copper nails in them,
which I understand to be the process," this-pier
can be protected in the same way. But I very
much doubt whether "that dock will ever be very
much used there, if they establish this basin and
railway, for it will be eaten up with the worms
before they can be constructed. It will take at
least six or seven years to do all this, and the
' Secretary of the Navy knows it. This dock,
] therefore, will be useless, and the great number of
} ships engaged in the Pacific commerce, and an-
; chormg in the bay of San Francisco, will have no
| dock to which they can resort for the space of six
or seven years, under the plan which it is here
proposed to establish. I have prepared a bill, sir,
which I intend to offer as a substitute for that
offered by the Senator from California; and allow
| me to say here, that I never could understand
! why another commission should be sent out to
I California.
Sir, there was a joint commission sent out to
California, composed of six highly respectable
gentlemen, three from the Army and three from
the Navy, who selected a location in 1850, and
they maae a report, establishing a navy-yard and
depot on the Bay of San Francisco. Here is the
extract respecting that subject. It may be neces-
sary. I do not come here to dispute the pro-
priety of another commission. I have, however,
provided, in the substitute which 1 propose, that
when the last board shall report, the location
shall be left to the President and the Secretary of
the Navy. I think we ought to leave some dis-
cretion with the Department upon that subject. I
therefore propose to strike out that portion of the
bill, which is in these words:
"As will he most suitable in every respect for such an
establishment, and susceptible ot complete derense both by
land and water, at the nearest point to the city of San
Francisco;''
And insert the words:
'•Suitable in every respect for such an establishment,
provided it lias not aheady been done."
Then I provide that this jury shall be sworn;
and I also provide that the Secretary of the Navy
shall decide which of these sites he will select;
and then I provide for the establishment of a pier
in place of this basin and railway; and the last
section contains a provision for an appropriation
of §500,000. I intend to offer this at a proper
time as a substitute for the entire bill, establish-
ing a navy-yard, depot, marine barracks, and
marine hospital, and pier to be used in connection
with the dock, and which is now on its way to
! California, which would be useless for six or
! seven years, if we did not establish a pier. A
pier can be constructed in a few months.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia will allow me, I would like to ask him a s>n-
gle question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. I perceive that the honorable
Senator has given considerable attention to this
' subject and appears to be well acquainted with it.
1 He spoke of some of these docks as being nui-
sances, and also of their being tested. I would like
to ask him if any one of them has been tested,
either that at Kittery, or at Philadelphia, or at
Pensacola?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will answer the question
of the Senator from New Hampshire as well as I
am able. By the contracts for the construction of
this dry-dock, and basin, and railway at Kittery,
and also for the construction of those at Philadel-
phia, they were to be completed in May or June
last. They were to be tested with a ship-of-the-
line. No test has yet been made to my knowledge.
The Secretary of the Navy, at the opening of the
session, reported to us upon this subject. He
says that in regard to this dock at Philadelphia,
there is a dredging machinein operation, and i find
that it is in operation, because in the deficiency bill
thereisanitem asking an appropriation of $12,000.
He makes the same remark in regard to the dry-
dock at Kittery. He says the ice prevented the
test from being made. But you will find that they
were to have been tested last June. We have no
knowledge of their having been tested yet. I
would like to know from the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire whether he has any knowl-
edge of their having been tested ?
Mr. HALE. I am not aware that the dock at
Kittery, which is some twelve miles from my res-
idence, has been tested. I perceived that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania possessed considerable in-
formation upon the subject, and I asked him the
question for information. So far as I am aware,
the dock in my neighborhood has not been tested
at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Now refer to the contract
on the table, and it will be seen that they were to
have been finished last June, taken off the con-
tractors' hands, and the reserved twenty percent,
paid. The contractors said, no doubt, it was not
for them to find water to test them. Congress or-
dered the contract to be made, and that is one of
the ways in which we can seethe evils of this Con-
gressional contract system. That is all I have to
say at present.
I will now inquire if it will be in order to offer
the substitute at this time?
The PRESIDENT Does the Senator propose
to strike out the whole of the bill and insert ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir. I do net wish
