1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1727
that it will exclude more than one half—I am in-
clined to think more than three fourths of them
from the benefits of this law. I will say further,
Mr. Speaker, that I do not like the provision in
the first section which reduces theweightof news-
papers from two and a half to two ounces. It
seems to be a discrimination against the large
papers, and those printed on the best paper, and
which are, as a general thing, the most ably edited.
The bill seems to have for its object a discrimin-
ation in favor of the poorest papers—the small
daily penny papers, printed with small type on
light, thin, and poor paper—and against those
papers which are large in size, printed with good
type, on good clean paper. I do not believe in
the propriety, expediency, or profit of legislating
in that direction. I hope this bill will be altered,
if it is to be passed, and that it will include the
two and a half ounces, as proposed originally.
In that way justice would be done to the large
newspapers, and by the adoption of the amend-
ment I have submitted justice would be done the
papers in the rural districts. There should be a
provision in the bill, and which 1 shall offer an
amendment to secure, in order to protect the Treas-
ury against this reduction, and to give the country
papers the protection to which they are entitled.
It is, that the reduction shall not extend to papers
to be circulated outside of the States in which
they are printed. The reduction should apply to
papers circulating within the States. In that way
justice would be done to the large newspapers and
to the country papers. At any rate I nope the
amendment I have now offered, which will enable
country papers to obtain the advantages of this
bill, will pass.
Mr. OLDS. I only wish to say to the gentle-
man from Maine, that I represent a rural district
as well as himself. I think I have endeavored to
attend to the interests of the rural portion of the
country, and that we have given to it the full ben-
efits of this bill, so far as regards postage on
newspapers. The remarks of the gentleman are
the same as those made by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] on yesterday. My
remarks in reply to him will apply equally well
to the argument of the gentleman from Maine.
The gentleman's amendment^ destroys the sym-
metry of the bill. That is 'the very thing the
House is now fighting for. The Senate last year
undertook to amend the House bill, but destroyed
it, and the country have called upon this House
to restore the bill to the shape in which it passed
this House at the last session of Congress. The
present is nearly the same as the bill then passed.
Every member of the Post Office Committee, not
only of the House but of the Senate also, and the
Postmaster General, have had their minds fixed
upon this question, and it has received the closest
scrutiny and investigation from them—a scrutiny,
I am quite sure, equal to that which the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] can possibly give
it. They have made it as perfect as they can.
What shall we do? If you undertake to rearrange
the tariff of postage fixed by the Committee and
the Department, you will destroy the symmetry
of the bill, and you will destroy that simplicity
which the Committee on the Post Office have en-
deavored to approximate. Thelocal press of the
country have been provided for in the bill.
Mr."WASHBURN. I would inquire of the
gentleman how it is to destroy the simplicity of
the bill by permitting the amendment I have pro-
posed, and by which papers published in the coun-
try may be circulated for one half the postage
provided for in the bill?
Mr. OLDS. I will say that you have prepared
and sent all over the country at_ an enormous ex-
pense a set of scales prepared for the use of the
post offices of the country adapted to the even
ounce weights. The bill originally proposed fixed
upon two and a half ounces. The objection uiged
to it by the Post Office Department was, that it
made all the computations of postage by fractions
of an ounce. That is, in all computations of post-
age, you must be guided by half ounces up to a
weigh: of four pounds. If you confine the opera-
tion" of the gentleman's amendment to the circula-
tion of papers ill the State where published, it
would be less objectionable. Again, we have pro-
vided for the rural districts of the country. We
permit the papers of rural districts to circulate in
their own counties free of postage. You charge
no postage at all on weekly papers, and these are
the ones which need the indulgence of the coun-
try. Under the old law and under the construc-
tion placed upon it by the Postmaster General, it
did not permit, in fact, those papers to be sent
free to persons who lived m the county, but who
received their mails at post offices out ot' the coun-
ty. When the office of delivery was out of the
county, postage was demanded upon their coun-
ty papers; but this has been remedied in this bill,
and we provide that papers may be sent through
the mails to subscribers living in the county,
although they may be taken at post offices outside
of the county.
Does this bill amply provide for the interest of
the rural districts by giving the country newspa-
pers a freer circulation in their own counties? I
ask the House, if the committee have not attended
to the rural interests of the country ? I do not
presume that the bill'is perfect, but perhaps the
wisdom of the next Congress, in connection with
one year's experience of the Post Office Depart-
ment, may suggest amendments, and perhaps
the very amendment which the gentleman now
offers; but the committees of the two Houses, and
the Post Office Department, have, together, in
their wisdom, fixed upon this as the best which
can be done without detriment to the revenues of
the Post Office Department. The committee only
desire to accommodate the country with cheap
I postage, and the diffusion of intelligence. I trust,
therefore, that the House will permit the bill to
be passed without amendments being made, and if
it should be found not to have the effect which
the committee and the Department contemplate,
then let the next Congress amend it again.
Mr. JENKINS. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a single question. Will ihe gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Olds] allow me to say that the
Globe printed yesterday, and dried, weighs an
ounce and a quarter? It is proposed to charge
such papers as that with double postage.
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman allow me a
single suggestion ? He will find the quality of
the paper on which the Globe is printed exceeds
in weight the co.untry press.
Mr. JENKINS. Will thegentleman discrimi-
nate against a good quality of paper? Will he
drive the country press to the use of poor paper?
Mr. OLDS. Not at all. The committee have
no such intention. They have drafted this hill
to meet the facts as they now exist in the coun-
try. Taking the quality and size of the country
press, they have met them precisely. The gen-
tleman has taken an extraordinary quality of pa-
per, and the committee could not provide for
every contingency of that kind.
Mr. BROOKS. I am glad that the gentleman
fioin New York [Mr. Jenkins] has brought out
this fact before the House, that the Globe, when
dry, weighs an ounce and a quarter; and in order
to get such a newspaper within the weight pro-
posed by the Post Office Committee, it will have
to be printed on a quality of material which would
damage the eyesight of every man in the commu-
nity who reads it—nay, such a newspaper as can
be hardly read by people who are over forty years
of age.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Globe of
yesterday had a supplement.
Mr. JENKINS. The supplement was not in-
cluded in the weight.
Mr. BROOKS. This whole policy of weigh-
ing newspapers is an unwise policy from begin-
ning to end, and, in a country like ours, it ought
never to have been considered. If any reforma-
tion is intended m the size of newspapers, and if
it is intended that there must be smaller journals
in the United States, carry out this great measure
of retrograde reform by limiting, not the weight of
the newspaper, but the size of the sheet. Re-
duce not the number of ounces, nor calculate the
number of grains, but limit the number of square
inches, and then you will not interfere with the
quality of the material, upon which intelligence
should be printed. You can have good paper then,
if you insist upon having small sheets. But, sir,
I do not see why this weighing of journals should
be a thing more insisted upon m carrying the
mails, than the weighing of passengers to go with
the mails. Tnere would be a geneial outcry, I
think, if it should be demanded that a man weigh-
ing two hundred pounds, should not be transported
over the mountains for the same compensation as
a man who weighs one hundred and fifty pounds.
I think I could see what a storm would gather, if
men should then be estimated by their weight.
The little man even would be indignant at the
privilege thus to be conferred upon him, if thus,
as freight, he was to be transported by the pound !
Sir, it does not at all follow, that because a jour-
nal may be small, it may not be very good, nay,
better, and worth more than the journal of bulkier
proportions or more imposing weight. We meas-
ure not intellect or men's appetites by the pound;
and it would be just as reasonable, for a hotel
keeper to be measuring and weighing men for
their breakfast and dinner, as to be measuring
or weighing journals, that the public appetite may
be craving for intelligence.
The whole policy of limiting what should be
carried by weight in the mails, is unwise and im-
politic, when applied to newspapers, and one
which a wise Congress should never entertain.
If it is to be carried out and persisted it, in addi-
tion to these scales which are furnished the post-
masters throughout the country, there should be
furnished to each post office an oven where he
can dry the paper, before he weighs it, as required
in this bill. [Mr. Jenkins interposed.] My col-
league suggests an argument of very great import-
ance, to wit: that the religious newspapers in the
country—and I believe it is a fact, so far as my
knowledgeextends—weigh overan ounce, and they
have a circulation farand wide for great distances.
This fact alone will have great effect when it
comes before the country, and I trust it will have
considerable weight when it comes before the
House.
Anotherargument of the chairman of the Post Of-
fice Committee is this, that the Postmaster General
and the committees of the two Houses have exam-
ined this subject thoroughly, and have agreed upon
this bill. If I were willing that any one man
should legislate for the country on postages, and
make a Post Office law, I do not know of a gen-
tleman whom I would rather select than the chair-
man of the committee, because he has given the
subject much attention; but 1 am unwilling, upon
a subject of this character, that any gentleman, or
any committee, should thus legislate; and lam the
more unwilling, when I reflect, thatat the last ses-
sion of Congress, the existing law applicable to
newspapers was agreed upon by the two commit-
tees of the two Houses of Congress, and in some
degree sanctioned by the executive head of the
Department, and I believe it is generally admitted
Congress could not have done worse, if it had
tried. This fact, then, goes far to show that this
is a subject which we should examine and under-
stand ourselves, and that we should not leave it to
the Post Office Committee, the Postmaster General,
or anybody else, to provide for us, without our
giving it a full and thorough consideration. There
are great difficulties surrounding the whole subject.
It is almost impossible, 1 admit, to frame a Post
Office law which will give general satisfaction.
The great radical and the pervading mischief of
this bill is, that it first limits the size or weight of
newspapers, encouraging bad quality of paper;
and the next is, that while it reduces the rates of
postage upon papers over one thousand miles, it
increases it upon those under one thousand. There
can hardly be any disagreement about these facts.
There is no doubt that there is a reduction of post-
age in the bill when taken for the whole country
from Texas, Oregon, and California, to Maine. I
admit that fact, because, under the existing rates
of postage upon weekly newspapers from the city
of New York or from "the city of Washington, to
the city of San Francisco, the postage is thirty
cents per quarter upon a weekly newspaper—a
most outrageous postage, and one which ought
never to have been established. In all distances
the postage over one thousand miles is enormous,
and beeausewe should do right in this matterover
one thousand miles, it is not a reason why we
should do wrong under that distance. Why the
wrong should not be done under one thousand
miles is, that the great mass of the people of the
country live under this one thousand miles pre-
scribed in the bill, and the great body of news-
papers are circulated in this circle of a thousand
miles.
I intend, at the proper time after this amend-
ment. is disposed of, to try and amend this first
section as far as possible, and perfect it. If 1 am
not able to effect this, I intend to submit at the
proper time a substitute for the first sectien of the
