86.4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
forty feet water, and recopper a pier? With very
great respect, it appears to me that the idea almost
involves an absurdity. I am not so confident as
to say that the operation could not be performed*
at first; but certainly I may say, that it must be
so difficult to renew the coppering of a structure
forty or thirty or twenty feet under water, as to be
almost impossible. How do we renew coppering
on vessels ? According to the old-fashioned way—
and it is still pursued where there are no docks—
they were dragged up on shore, and then pulled
down till their bottoms were exposed so that the
necessary examination could be made.
But, again: what will he the expense (and this
is a matter that addresses itself to our inquiry as
to economy) of coppering this wooden pier? We
must rerolleet that this pier is to be some three
hundred feet long, .so as to answer the purposes
of a breakwater, to preserve the dock attached to
it from the action of the waves driven by the
winds. Here you are to have it extended out two
hundred or three hundred feet, and it must be
sunk into deep water. You must copper it all
over—you must not leave a single point at which
the worms can enter. What will this cost? I
feel very sure that you cannot copper the pier for
less than $100,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand the Senator
to say* that the piles to be driven down cannot be
coppered. Now, I understand they are doing
that very thing at Pensacola. I understand that
it is being done there, and I would like to know
from the honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Morton,] if he were in his place, whether such
is the fact? I would also like the honorable Sen-
ator From Rhode Island to state how these struc-
tures are protected, from worms in Rhode Island?
I wish this information at the proper time. 1 do
not wish to have the Senator from North Carolina
interrupted.
Mr. jBADGER. Until we have some evidence
upon that subject, I shall a&sume at present that
they are not engaged in the process of coppering
the pier at Pensacola, for the reason that I under-
stand that that pier is being built with stone.
Mr. GWIN. That is so.
Mr. BADGER. I presume that they would
hardly go to the unnecessary expense of copper-
ing a stone wall. Supposing that $50,000 are to
be the first outlay, and assuming that the copper-
ing could be accomplished for $100,000, and that
we should have to renew the coppering once in
every four or five years, and allow for the diffi-
culty of getting down thirty or forty feet in the
water to copper it, double cost, we shall have
$150,000 to start with, and an outlay of $200,000
every five or six years to protect it from the worms.
That being the case, I do not think it will be con-
sidered as a remarkable operation in point of sav-
ing. Then, if you build the pier of stone, it will
cost two thirds, or at ail events one half of the
price of the basin and railway. The reason why
it approximates to it so much, is this: the basin
has also one of its sides projecting into the water
to answer the purposes of a pier; but in consequence
of its attachment to the basin, a very short pier
comparatively answers all the purposes. The
stone pier which is now being erected at Pensa-
cola, has cost already $400,000, and it is not much
more than half completed. Then the question
which is presented to the Senate upon that head
(it being undoubted that the dock must have
either a pier or a basin) is whether she shall pay
$600,000 at the least for a pier, or shall pay
$340,000 for the basin and railway, which includes
m substance the pier. That is the whole ques-
tion; and it seems to me that when the matter is
reduced to that pmnt, there remains nothing further
to he settled.
I look upon this measure in California as im-
portant, not only for the purposes of public ves-
sels of the United States, but I look upon it as
highly important to the commercial marine of this
country. It has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator that we have not many public vessels, and
shall not, therefore, often require the use of such
an establishment in California. Assume it to be
so. The Secretary of the Navy, and tVie officers
uwder his charge, can permit this basin and rail-
way to be used for the accommodation of the com-
mercial marine, when it is not required for the
Government. When we consider the condition
of things on the Pacific coast, it is in the highest
degree important that that particular form of im-
provement should be adopted; it being admitted,
on all hands, that we must have one of some kind
and description. We want such an improvement,
it is necessary for the purposes of the Govern-
ment, and will, at the same time, promote the
commercial prosperity of the country, and afford
facilities to those carrying on the immensely im-
portant and profitable business of the Pacific.
I have said this much, for the purpose of show-
ing that what is asked by this bill, is not unrea-
sonable in itself. But in the next place, I think I
am able to show that, as honest men, representing
an honorable and faith-observing constituency, we
have no choice but to do what is proposed to be
done by this bill. This Government has already
made a contract with the patentees, which is bind-
ing upon it in honor and in faith. That, I think,
is capable of being clearly established. By the
navai appropriation act of September, 1850, this
appropriation was made:
" For commencing the construction of a floating dry-
dock on the coast of California, $100,000; and the Secre-
tary of the Navy is authorized to enter into a contract tor
the construction, with all reasonable dispatch, of a sec-
tional or balance floating dry-dock, ha&in, and railway, at-
such harbor on the coast of the Pacific ocean as he may
select, of a capacity and dimensions in no respect inferior
to those of the dry-dock now in progress of construction at
Pensacola."
Here is the authority. Now, under that au-
thority the Secretary entered into a contract, a
complete contract, and the contract is as binding
upon the honor and faith of this Government as
if it had been attested with a thousand seals. I
wish now to refer you to a letter upon that sub-
ject, addressed by the Secretary of the Navy to
the House of Representatives, at the last Con-
gress. It is dated the 21st of January, 1851. It
will be observed, that in that month, and two or
three days before this letter was received, a reso-
lution was introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives, and adopted, to inquire of the Secre-
tary of the Navy whether any contract had be£n
made under the provision in the appropriation bill
of the preceding year, and, if so, what it was,
and if the contract had been completed and exe-
cuted; and requiring the Secretary to suspend all
further proceedings until the direction of Con-
gress. The Secretary shows the various propo-
sals that have been made, and then says:
"Messrs. Dakin, Moody, Gilbert, and Secor at length of-
fered to undertake the contract at the above estimate of
$1,530,237."
That was for a dry-dock, basin, and railway—
—" This was declined by the Department, and Mr. James
Brooks of St. Louis, who produced unquestionable evidence
of character, as well as ability, to give security for the
completion of tins work, submitted a p/opo.-a! for $1,309,000.
This being the lowest bid ottered, would have been ac
cepted, but for the reason that Mr. Brook*, disclaimed any
pretensions to a patent-right, and wished to enter into no
legal controversy m lespect to that allcgod by the other bid-
ders, and proposed only to do the work; doubts hems enter-
tained whether a contractor for the work might not be
enjoined or otherwise impeded by legal process inits execu-
tion by the claimants for the patent abovo-mentioned, nego-
tiations were continued with Messrs. Dakin, Moody, Gil-
bert, and Secor, with the knowledge of Mr. Brooks; and they
were finally informed, a> the last pioposition of the Depart-
ment, that if they would do the woik on the terms stated in
the law, at the sura of $1,450,000, the contract would be
concluded. They desired time lor consultation, and on Fri-
day last, the 17thm&tant, informed the Department that they
accepted this proposition. The contract has not been signed
or written, nor has any bond been executed for its fulfill-
ment; and regarding the leque&t contained m the refla-
tion of the House as equivalent to a command, I shall
take nofurthersteps towards its completion until the pleas-
ure ot Congiess in regard to it shall be made known."
Here, according to the Secretary's statement,
j he told these gentlemen, if you will undertake to
• do the work required by law, at a certain time,'
you shall have the con-tract. They say to him,
we accept the contract. Now, I should be glnd
to know what makes a contract if that does not.'
That the Government is not bound by it is true;
nor would they have been bound bv U if it had
been signed, sealed, and delivered, ^he Govern-
ment cannot be bound in such a sense as to be
compelled to perform a contract. Simultaneously
■with the resolution offered in the other House,
t was a resolution offered in this House in relation 1
; that contract. Ihe honorable Senator from
I Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] by the unanimous direc-
tion of the Naval Committee, made this report on
the resolution;
] " That, having communicated the resolution of the Sen-
ate to the Secretary of the Navy, the committee received in
repiy the iettej of the Secretary's to the chairman of the
committee, dated January 27,1851, with a copy of his letter
| therein referred to, addressed to the Speaker of the House
of Representative*, dated January 21,1851, which accom-
pany this report, marked A and B.
"The law referred to in the resolution of the Senate,
limited the authority of the Secretary to contract for 1 a see-
 tional or balance floating dry-dock, basin, and railway, of
' a capacity and dimensions in no respectmferiorto those of
4 the dry-dock now in progress of construction at Pcnsa-
' cola;' and the committee are satisfied from the corninurn -
cation of the Secretary, that the contract he has made is on
terms as advantageous to the Government as the work to
be done will admit. The committee are not aware of any
reason to induce them to recommend anv amendment or
modification of the plan for this dock, prescribed by the law
reterred to, even were the subject now susceptible of such
modification. But it appears from the communication of
the Secretary above-mentioned, that he had actually con-
tracted for the work before the resolution of the Senate was
adopted, notfiing remaining to be done but to reduce the
contract to writing, and its execution by the parties. Tn the
absence, then, of fraud and misrepresentation, (winch is
not alleged,) the committee cannot recommend that it
should be disturbed.
"The only modification of which the plan would be sus-
ceptible, is*to dispense with the basin and lailway, as
authorized by the existing law ; but foi this, under the law,
the contract is already made. The committee consider
these appendages as peculiarly important to a dock, should
they be touml, on experiments yet to be tried with a like
work now in piogress of construction at Philadelphia, to be
of practical value.
" But, as they are further informed by the Secretary of
the Navy, the contract as made authorizes him to abrogate
so much of it as provides for a basin and railway,' if the
basin and railway, in connection with the dock at Phila-
delphia, shall not realize the ends expected from it at its
completion;' and in such case, the dock 4 only is to be com-
pleted, and paid for ata proportionate price.'
"The committee, on the facts thus reported, ask to be
discharged from the further consideration of the resolu-
tion."
I have a report before me, which I will not
trouble the Senate with reading, from the Naval
Committee of the House, coming to precisely the
same conclusion. And in'the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, made in answer to a call of the
Senate, at the instance of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, it is shown conclusively, that the Sec-
retary himself considered the contract as made.
In that report, after speaking <yf some parties
who had made offers to him under the law of the
last session, about the dry-dock alone, he says:
"The same paittes had submitted what they styled a bid
for the former contract, after being informed that it was
concluded."
Here is the case: Congress directs or rather
authorizes a Government officer to enter into a
contract for the construction of such dock, basin,
and railway; restricts him to no person, and not in
regard to terms. They leave it to him altogether.
He enters into the contract. He agrees upon the
terms of it, he having proposed, and the con-
tractors having accepted, the terms upon which
the work was to be done. Then comes the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives which re-'
quests him to proceed no further. His letter dis-
tinctly informs them that, but for that resolution,
the contract would have been immediately written
and signed; but that, interpreting their request to
be a command, he suspended further proceedings.
Although that discharged the Secretary, I very
respectfully submitthat.it did not discharge the
Government. It does not discharge us. We had
no more right to break the contract before it was
signed than after it was signed. Why is a con-
tract reduced to writing and signed r It is to an-
swer but two purposes: one, to prevent mistefkes
as to the terms of the contract; and the other, to
enforce a legal means of coercing a reluctant man
to perform his contract. But contracts made by
the Government bind o.nly the honor and faith of
the Government; and every gentleman knowsf as
he would consider his own honor bound by such
an engagement, so is the honor of the Govern-
ment bound. So it was considered by the com-
mittees of both Houses at the last session of
Congress. So it was considered by the Senate;
for, when the appropriation bill the last session
came before the Senate, containing the clause
which directed the abrogation of that contract,
and the making ofa new contract, an amendment
| was agreed to, striking out the provision; but by
j a mistake, in the hurry of business, on the last
I night of the session, the amendment was not en-
i grossed, and the bill passed without it. But the
j sense of the committee and the sense of the Sen-
' ate was the same; and I submit, that no man can
read the papers in the case without coming to the
same conclusion.
Then the Government have made this contract.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania speaks
with a good deal of energy about Congress, at the
