THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 13, 1852.
New Series No. 109.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question re-
curred upon agreeing to the first clause of the
Senate amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers; which were
ord ered.
Mr. ORR. What did the Chair state was the
question ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is on agreeing to the
first division of the Senate amendment.
Mr. ORR. I have an amendment to offer if it
is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will send
up his amendment.
Mr. ORR. I propose, Mr. Chairman, to strike
out the entire amendment, and insert that which
1 send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. "WALSH. I rise to a point of order; and
it is that this amendment comes too late. The
committee had divided already, and tellers were
called for.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not too late. It may be offered any
time before the vote is taken. There is a motion
pending to strike out the clause.
Mr. ORR. I suppose that this motion to strike
out and insert would take precedence over the mo-
tion to strike out?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman what the rule is upon this subject:
" A motion to strike out and insert shall be
'deemed indivisible, but a motion to strikeout
( being lost, shall preclude neither amendment nor
'amotion to strike out and insert." The Chair
was in error in stating the question first in order
this morning. The pending question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] to strike out this clause.
Mr. ORR. Suppose the House refuses to strike
out, will it then be in order for me to oxTer my
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. ORR. Then X shall offer it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I offer the
following amendment to come in at the end of the
section:
In order to laise revenue to defray die money appropri-
ated by this arid other laws—
Beit enacted, <fc., That the duties to be levied on goods,
waies, and merchandise, imported into the Umted States,
shall be asyebscd on the average price which such articles
bore in the pnncipal markets of the United States on the
1st day of December, 1845; such price to be ascertained by
the Secretary of the Tieabury.
Mr. HART. I rise to a point of order, which
is, that that is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS^ I offer that amendment in
order to raise the revenue hereby appropriated.
1 think it is in order to see who wants general
protection instead of special protection, and 1 ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the Chair, or
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, a question. I
want to understand this amendment. Do i un-
derstand that the gentleman proposes to increase
the duty upon iron for the purpose of paying the
additional expenses of the Collins line?
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the amendment
may be again read.
The Clerk read the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides this
amendment to be out of order. From that de-
cision the gentleman from Pennsylvania takes an
appeal. The question is, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for tellers upon the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler
and Mason were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—-ayes 82, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurred on Mr. Stephens's mo-
tion to strike out the clause.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I now |
109
move to amend the amendment by striking out
" $33,000'? and inserting " ^20,000."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has"
already been voted down.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to insert
" §21,000.';
j Mr. S.said: Mr. Chairman, as those who vote
j against this appropriation have been denounced by
• several fervent gentlemen, as wanting in patriotism
! and deficient in nationality, I deem it proper to
give a few reasons why I shall be found among
that class. This is Essentially a measure of pro-
tection, not by the imposition of duties, but by the
donation of a large bounty to a particular firm. I
am in favor of the protection of American enter-
prise, when it is made general, so that every Amer-
ican citizen may partake of us benefits—may com-
' pete for its possession. Now, a law giving a
million of dollars a year to any American citizens
who shall carry the mail from New York, Boston,
or Philadelphia, to England, in the shortest time,
and in the best vessels, I will vote for. -That
is impartial reward to honest competition. But
to bestow a large bounty on a particular firm to
the exclusion of all others, is, in my sight, profli-
gate favoritism. I am for encouraging all Amer-
ican mechanics and manufacturers by equal and
general laws. But to select particular mechan-
ics or manufacturers, cotton mills or iron woiks,
and sustain them alone by bounties against foreign
competition, is not fair American legislation; but
is unwise, unjust, if not corrupt favoritism. That
is the identical case before us. This separating
a particular interest from all others, and giving it
isolated protection, is suicidal to the system of
general protection. It takes away a portion of its
friends.
But we are told that this is patriotic, because it
is sustaining American enterprise against British
competition. Sir, it is sustaining this line against
all American competition. It is enabling tins
company, by governmental aid, to reduce the
price of freight and fare below what any other
American steamers can afford to carry for. In
short, it is giving a monopoly to them of all the
passengers, specie, and valuable freight between
the two'countries.
But this is sustained as a great measure of de-
fense, by building up a steam war navy. Four
merchant steamers to compete with the eight hun-
dred war steamers of England 1 Sir, it is simply
absurd. Beside, they are not fit for war vessels,
and never can be made so. Wheel vessels have
been found wholly unfit for war. A few broad-
sides carry away their wheels and totally disable
them. They are abandoned by the British xld-
miralty, who are building all their war steamers
with screw-propellers, hid under the stem, out of
the way of gunshot. Their large frigates, nearly
a hundred of them, have already been thus altered.
No, sir; these paddle boats to skim the ocean in a
race, are fit for nothing but to tiee from the ene-
my. But national glory is concerned ! In what?
In being the swiftest vessels? Why, sir, this was
accomplished before ever Collins became a mendi-
cant on the Government. American ship-builders
had long ago distanced all rivals on the ocean, and
that at their own expense. Why not make it a
matter of national glory to have tlie swiftest breed
of horses and hounds?
But, sir, I admit that this discussion has re-
dounded to the honor of the nation, by elevating
the tone and improving the taste of parliamentary
oratory. Why, the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Polk,] and others, in their furious patriot-
ism, have evoked the martyrs of the Revolution
from their peaceful graves at Lexington, Concord,
Bunker's Hill, and Yorktown, and seated them at
this feast on board the Collins steamer. This is a
slight departure, to be sure, from the classical in-
junction, not to enlist a god unless the service
be worthy of him. What has produced this glow-
ing fervor among certain advocates of this grant?
If a proposition is before you to appropriate money
to pay just debts, loan-office certificates for
money advanced the country in time of need, or
pensions to old soldiers, it can hardly find a hear- j
ing, and is sure to be rejected. But'pu^xmlligns
into the bill, and it is impassible to defeat it. Any
bill can be carried by those who have millions at
their commandj with hampers of champagne an-
nexed. " ' -
The friends of this special protection have just
voted against my amendment, to give general pro-
tection by an equal tariff, and I will vote against
this grant.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MASON. Mr. Chairman, 1 am opposed
to that amendment, and I am opposed to it partly
because it increases the donation to this company.
Now, sir, those gentlemen who advocate this
increased appropriation to the Collins steamers,
do it on the ground that it is absolutely necessary
in order to keep the line in operation, and they
charge those who are opposed to the increase of
compensation with being opposed to the line, op-
posed to the mail steam service altogether, and
with being, if not traitors to the American side of
the question, at least in favor of the British side.
Now, sir, it would not be difficult to prove that
the very individuals who are for this increased
compensation, are acting against mail steam ser-
vice in general; for they are making these lines cost
so much that the nation will not be able to keep
up many of them, and therefore they will be re-
duced to few in number. Cannot a system of ■
economy be introduced into this steam mail service,
which will extend it instead of reducing it ? We
had a sample of these mail steamers sent round
for the American Congress and American people
to examine. We are told that the expense of
these steamers per trip, is so heavy that the com-
pany cannot bear it. Well, sir, cannot a steamer
run as fast, beat a British steamer just as well,
and protect American commerce just as well, with
§5,000 worth of looking-glasses in it, as with
$10,000 worth? Cannot it perform this important
service to the country by carrying the mails* and
protecting our commerce, just as well by having
its furniture made out of plain American walnut,
as by having it made out of rosewood and mahog-
any? Could not it compare as advantageously
with other steamers that float the ocean, ;with a -
tea-service that cost $1,250, as with one that cost
$2,500 ? Cannot all these expenses be reduced to
a certain rate of economy, such as we and our
constituents are accustomed to at home? Cannot
these steamers do just as important service to the
Government, and reflect just'as much honor and
credit to the Government, by going on a more
economical scale, as by going into extravagances
such as were manifested to every one who visited
the Baltic?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Stevens's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. EW1NG moved to amend the amendment
by striking out " januarys,andinserting "July"
instead thereof.
Mr. E. said: By the excellent examole shown
us upon both sides of this question, t discover
{hat it is quite possible to give, within the space
of five minutes, at least the principal reasons
which induce us to vote for or against the pro-
posed Senate amendment.
If I remember rightly, Mr. Chairman, the prop-
osition for the reduction of postage, which was
adopted in the last Congress, came from the city
of New York. This House was then flooded
with printed memorials, and there was the same
outside pressure brought to bear upon it then as
now, in order that those large firms, with an im-
mense correspondence, might get their postage at
the rate of three cents, that being to them, at least,
a considerable object, and they having, besides,
railroads, steamboats, and every other facility for
intercourse and travel, totally independent of the
Post Office Department. Now, sir, in the sparsely
populated portions of this country the people are
dependent on the Post Office Department for the
facilities of intercourse so essential to the progress
and prosperity of the country. By this reduc-
tion of postage in the first instance, it was neces-
sary to pass laws compelling ths Department to
