866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
may be for a want of clearness of perception. He
said that the two sets of patentees once had a con-
troversy beforeCongress,and that each man main-
tained the superiority of his own paient, and de-
preciated -that of the other. He tells us that at
one time they proposed to build these piers lor
#40,000; which I suppose they could do now if
they were to be built of wood. He tells us that
these people finally, finding it a bad business to
engage in quarrelling with one another, agreed to
unite, and each became interested m the patent of
the other. He tells us that he does not blame the
patentees for endeavoring to get all the raon^y they
can out of the Government, but that it is our fault
if we allow them to get it improperly. He in-
veighs agiinst the system of what he calls Con-
gressional docks, and he decidedly prefers to leave
the Department to erect, the old stone fabrics to
which I have referred. Well now, there may be,
for some purpose or other, a great.deal of force
and propriety in these remarks, but I do not see
what application they have to the subject under
consideration.
Mr, BRODHEAD. I did not undertake to de-
cide what sort of a dock should be adopted, but
what I intended to say was that Congress should
not undertake to decide it, but that the question
should be referred to the Naval Department, that
some person should be responsible, and that the
Secretary of the Navy, with the aid of the bureau
of docks and yards, was the proper tribunal to de-
cide it.
Mr. BADGER. I was very well aware that
the Senator did not express his opinion about the
docks, but he told us over and over again, that
the authority of the Department was against this
kind of dock. Well, then, he says he is for leav-
ing it to the Department. Of course it follows that
the Department will act on the old plan of stone
docks. That is what ! mean to say. I do not
mean to say that the Senator had expressed his
opinion, but that he was for leaving it to the De-
-partment altogether when he informed us that they
would certainly go in favor of the old stone docks.
Now, as I said, these remarks did not strike me as
being germane tQ the question under consideration
of the Senate. It may be tiue that Messrs. Dakin
& Moody, and the other partners, had an angry
controversy with each other, and that each was
endeavoring to do as much mischief to his oppo-
nents, and as much good to himself, as he could.
Suppose it was so, and suppose we want a public
structure erected; suppose these men can do it for
us on better terms than anybody else, and sup-
pose they are the only persons who have a right
to contract for it, shall we, because they lmve had
an angry controversy between themselves, for-
mally refuse to make the contract ? For what nur-
pose? To punish them, by declining to avail
ourselves of the opportunity afforded us of doing
good to the Government and the people? Surely
not. It is a matter of very small importance to
this question what disputes they had with each
other, and whether they were willing to build
wooden piers for $40,000, or, if the Senator
pleases, to build stone walls for 5440,000. What-
ever mistakes they may have made with regaid to
the value of the work they were going to construct,
it is demonstrated—if we can place any reliance
upon the bureaus of the Naval Department, to
which the Senator refers, and to which he seems
disposed to transfer the decision of this matter;
they have examined it; naval constructors have
examined the subject—that the prices at which
these structures were proposed to be taken—the
price for which the Secretary had engaged, accord-
ing to his letter to the House of Representatives
at the last session—is lower than the lowest fair
price, without, a margin for profits, that was made
and estimated by these officers. There can, there-
fore, be no question about it.
But, again, I did not hear the first remarks ,
which the honorable Senator made upon this sub- j
ject; but I confess I was pained to read in them I
about this " fourth estate" of contractors. Now, ]
I am in the habit of thinking that an imputation ,
of that kind—a sneer upon a whole body or class :
of men—is very apt to be both unjust and unwise. 1
Suppose we were to discharge all our contractors, '
and do all our business ourselves, does the honor-
able Senator think we should gain anything either
in creditor in money by the carrying of the mails
ourselves? Surely not. After'all, while there
have been many men in that class, avaricious
griping, and dishonest, I do not know that it
stands out a singular and unexampled spectacle
to the world upon that point. Why, Solomon
told us long ago, that sin sticketh close between
buying and selling; and a very distinguished wri-
ter in England thought there was something about
the pursuit of the profession to which I belong
that was calculated, while it made the head clear
and astute, to harden and obscure the moral per-
ceptions of the heart. Is there any human em-
ployment which has not its peculiar temptations
to evil? Yet, among all the different classes of
mankind you find g-ood and bad men. And, per-
mit me to say, after all, that this Government has
derived as much benefit, upon the whole, from
contractors in its various departments as from any
other persons. Often, I admit, very injurious
contracts are made; but the worst system of con-
tracts which the Government has ever pursued; so
far as I.have observed—that is- to .say, that in
which evil most frequently happens—is that of
putting out Congressional printing to the lowest
bidder. I say that for the benefit of my friend
from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH. Thank you.
Mr. BADGER. Nor do I agree with the hon-
orable Senator that these men are not to be
blamed for endeavoring to get all the money they
can. They have no right to get money improp-
erly. They have no moral right to ask more than
is fair, and reasonable, and just, and proper. If
they have done so, my system of ethics condemns
them. They have no more right to demand what
is improper, than we have to grant it. But in
this case there is no evidence that any such de-
mand has been made. It is proved, as far as such
a subject can be possibly capable of proof, that
the agreement was once entered into, binding on
the honor of the Government, and would have
been put in the form of a written contract the
next day but for the interposition of the House
of Representatives. It is proved that if it had
not been made, it ought to be made, and that the
interests of the country require such an establish-
ment, and that, upon no other proceeding, can that
establishment be obtained upon the same terms
with the same advantages, and in the same perfect
condition, and at as small an outlay of moifey.
Mr. President, I do hope that the Senate, in
considering this matter, will lay aside a great
many suggestions and remarks which have been
made by the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania, evidently
sincerely felt, butsprioging out of an excited state
of mind, and growing out of the fact that the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs was, perhaps, not quite as courteous as he
ought to have been, and as I certainly should
have been, had the "chairman of the committee
been absent—1 will say that of myself—and the
duty had devolved upon me. But, laying that
aside, 1 hope that we shall proceed to consider this
as a business transaction, and that we shall not be
guilty of the folly, in the first place, of sacrificing
the honor of the Government, by repudiating a
contract made by it, through its agents, when we
are not only to make no money by it; when we
have not only not the poor, pitiful apology of pe-
cuniary interest; but when, unless we are to give
up the Pacific coast entirely, and refuse any of
these facilities, we must lose a great deal of money
by it.
The whole matter stands on this: Shall we
have a stone pier, that will cost £600.000, at the
lowest calculation, or shall we have a basm and
railway, including all the advantages of the pier,
and many more for $840,000? That is the question.
One or other we must have ! It is no longer a
question about the dry-dock. Thecontractis made
for that. It is now in piocess of being erected;
and when it is put there, it ought to be put in a
manner to answerthe purposesof the Government
most beneficially. According to the argument of
the other side, we are to give up these advantages
for the purpose of saving the difference between
SjCOOjOOO for the pier, and §840,000 for the basin
and railway. I was extremely sorry, at the last
session, to see, in the hurry arid haste of the last
hours of the session, an amendment to the annro-
priation bill passed, which was not understood, I
am persuaded, and which could not have been un-
derstood in the House of Representatives, in effect
repudiating a contract of this Government, and
sallying the fair fame of the country. It is not
too late to reinstate ourselves where we stood; and
whilst w^ execute the contract for the benefit of
the country, we save ourselves from just reproach.
That was an act passed in a few hours, at the close
of the session, in haste and confusion, with no
time for debate or investigation. We can be ex-
cused provided we now repair the damage, when
we see the mistake into which we were betrayed
in the hurry and confusion which surrounded us.
Mr. CASS. "Noise and confusion."
Mr. BADGER. Well, sir, be it so. "Noise
and confusion."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Before the question is
taken, I would like very much to get a little in-
formation from the Senator from North Carolina.
He speaks of a contract having been prepared to be
executed by a partv, but says that it was not ex-
ecuted. I wish the Senator to inform me the
state of the law under which the contract was
made; whether there was any law authorizing the
Government to make the coniract, and what the
law was ?
Mr. BADGER. There was a provision in the
appropriation bill of 1850—
" For commencing the construction of a floating diy-dock
nn the coast of California, $100,000; and the Secretary of
the Navy authorized to enter into a contract for ttie con-
struction, with all reasonable dispatch, of a sectional or bal-
ance floating dry-dock, baein and lailvvay, at such haibor
on the coast ot the Pacific ocean as ho may select, of a ca-
pacity and dimensions in no respect interior to those of the
tiiy-doek m pi ogress of construction at Tensacola."
That is the law under which the terms of the
contract have been agieed upon, and the price set-
tled. It would have been signed, I suppose, the
next day, or as soon as it could have been done,
and thus completed, but for a resolution of the
House of Representatives, requesting the suspen-
sion of the work.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Badger to
the amendment of the committee, was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. GW1N, a verbal amend-
ment was made in the first section; and then the
amendment of the committee, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to offer several
amendments to the bill; and I do so by modifying
the bill as I propose to amend it, and offering it as
a substitute for the bill as it is now before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CLARKE. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor that he had better submit his substitute and
move that it be printed, as the propriety of passino-
the bill is to be tested upon the substitute.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Perhaps I had better state
my amendments, and then have the substitute read.
If it is the desire of the Senate, I will state in what
particulars I have changed the bill; but if the Sen-
ate wish to have it printed by to-morrow morning,
and have the vote then taken, I have no objection.
Mr. GWIN. To-morrow is private bill day,
and I should like to have a vote to-day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am quite willing to have
the vote taken-to-day, and therefore I will state
my amendments.
In J850 the joint commission made a report,
fixing the site for a navy-yard, and dry-dock, in
forty feet water, at Mare Island.
The present Secretary of the Navy, 1 under-
stand, has sent out another commission. Now,
I propose to make it optional with the Secretary of
the Navy, when both of these reports shall be be-
fore him. Then I have provided that the jury
to assess damages, if the land thus taken should
be private property, shall be sworn.- To that, I
presume, there can be no objection, as it is not
very material. Then I propose, that the Secretary
of the Navy shall be authorized and directed to
provide for the establishment of a pier. The main
question is between the pier, and basm and railway.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator has on two occa-
sions alluded to the joint commission, whose acts,
he says,are conclusive in the case. He supposes
they are. Let me tell you what that joint com-
mission did. They selected a site at Mare Island,
it is true; but they did not select it because there
was forty feet of water there, for they did not
know it. Subsequent to that selection, officers on
the coast survey have been there, and it has been
ascertained that although it is one of the best points
on the coast, ithas not water enough. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, in order that there should be
no mistake, as there has been in Philadelphia, in
regard to the question, has sent a board there to
examine the site, in connection with the depth of
water ascertained by the coast survey,subsequen.
