1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1731
for the mover of this proposition [Mr. Johnson]
spoke in favor of it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the ar-
gument of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] is upon the affirmative of the proposition,
and not in opposition to it, and therefore not in
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. KING, of New York. Is this question
debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was then taken on adopting the
amendment offered by Mr. Johnson, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. MOLONY. I move to strike out thirty-
three, and insert twenty-four.
Mr. CARTTER. I think that amendment has
been once offered. *
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
amendment has not yet been made.
Mr. MOLONY. Strong; appeals have been
made to the patriotism of this House in behalf of
the pending amendment
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!" and " What is
the amendment!"]
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the chairman have the
amendment reported? We do not understand it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman proposes
to strike out thirty-three and insert twenty-four.
Mr. MOLONY. Wherever American indus-
try and American capital is struggling for ascend-
ency oyer British or any foreign competition—
for Amenca, my liveliest sympathies are always
enlisted. But, sir, those sympathies are subordi-
nate to my convictions of constitutional duty,
which forbid that I should vote moneys from the
Treasury of the nation into the pockets of a class,
and for a stronger reason—for individual enter-
prises. We have been told here, that President
Polk recommended, and the Democrats of that
Congress unanimously voted for an appropriation
to this line. What were the objects contemplated
in that recommendation, and the reasons which in-
duced the Democracy to adopt his recommenda-
tion ? Was it not for the purpose of increasing
our naval steamjmarine ? Also for the purpose of
effecting the transportation of our transatlantic
mail, in the most economical way? Was not, sir,
President Polk and the Democrats in Congress at
that time mad e to believe that this mail arrangement
with the " Collins line " would not only be the
most economical, but that in a short time it would
be self-supporting; in other words, sustained by
postage alone, without one dollar's expense to the
Treasury ? Such, Mr. Chairman, wfirePresident
Polk's reasons for that recommendation, and
which justified it. But, sir, have these constitu-
tional and proper objects been realized, and have
we now any reason to expect them?
Sir, the concurrent testimoney of all naval
architects, and naval commanders, whose testi-
mony is before us, establish one fact beyond a
doubt, and that is, that these steamers are not fit
for war purposes. Commodore Perry, who is a
friend of the line, and who is before us as a wit-
ness for the line, admits that they are not fitted
for naval conflict with ships-of-tihe-line, but that
they could only be useful in keeping up a guer-
rilla warfare upon the commercial marine of the
enemy, and first-rate for running away from an en-
emy token danger should be imminent! He thinks
that they would be useful for the transportation
of men and the munitions of war, and for the con-
voy of our Navy, a service, all of which our com-
mercial marine would be competent and ready to
render when the exigency shall arise. The in-
crease of our steam naval marine is not accom-
plished, then, as contemplated by President Polk.
Is the postal arrangement an economical one, as it
was expected to be, or is the tax upon the Treas-
ury for the transportation of the maif growing
less and less, and rapidly approaching the point of
self-support, without any aid from the Treasury?
After the " line" has been in operation two years,
the company are begging us to give them $364,000
more for carrying the mail per annum than their
contract entitles them to, and $598,000 per year
more than a responsible bidder offers to take it for.
Disguise the matter as gentlemen may, and can,
this amendment of the Senate does not contem-
plate the increase of our Navy—nor does it the
economical transportation of the mail. Such were
PresidentPolk's hopes and expectations, when the
combination of war and commercial purposes in
the same vessel was an untrud experiment; but, sir,
the experiment has been tried, and signally failed
through these steamers; neither is the naval arm
of our defense strengthened, or our mails trans-
ported economically* and the only object which has
been urged that remains for this appropriation is,
to enable an American to beat a British steamer
in a boat race!
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I am opposed
to the amendment, and call for a vote on it.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the'ainendmeiit was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania,'moved an
amendment pro forma, and addressed the commit-
tee five minutes upon it. [The remarks will be
found embodied in his first speech upon the same
subject, in a preceding column of this day's pro-
ceedings.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There are
two ideas which have been presented m this dis-
cussion to which I wish to reply in the few mo-
ments allowed me by the- rules under which we
are discussing. One of them was alluded to by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has just
taken his seat, and it is, that these steamers are
unfit for war purposes, because they are side-
wheel steamers. The gentleman seems to have
the idea that in future times the new element of
steam in operation, and with all the power which
it gives vessels, will be applied for the purpose of
going out on the ocean, and standing side by side,
to fire at each other, as was the fashion in former
days when we sent out these old hulks of the line-
of-battle ships and frigates to do that sort of thing.
That will not be the case in future wars; but if it
were, a side-wheel steamer is not so vulnerable as
the gentleman seems to imagine. Unless a shot
strikes the shaft fair, full, and perpendicular, there
would be no injury done. You might shoot one
hundred shots through the wheel, and knock off a
few of the paddles, but in all probability the speed
of the ship would be increased in consequence; be-
cause the error heretofore has been that we have
had too many instead of too few paddles. The
shaft could not be struck perpendicular, once in a
million of shots. Besides, sir, the old system of
fighting with thirty-two or forty-four pounders
has been or will be entirely superseded, and the
mode of contest will be with shells weighing from
sixty-four to one hundred and thirty-two pounds,
from eight to eleven inches in diameter. To plant
one of these shells in the proper place, at the water-
line, going into the hold of a vessel Will destroy
it.
Now, sir, so far as the vulnerability of the ma-
chinery is concerned, an idea which has been pre-
sented by some one in the discussions here, the'
experiments at our navy-yard have shown that a
very simple coal bunker, some four or five feet
in width, filled with coal, will arrest the force
of a sixty-four pounder, and render it perfectly
harmless. One of the shells fell into that coal-
bunker, passing through the side of the vessel
into the coal, exploded there without even setting
fire to the bituminous coal. So the machinery of
these steamers will be entirely shielded by ordi-
nary coal bunkers, with the exception of the shaft
of the wheel, which may or may not be struck;
so that, sir, it is not by any means settled that
the propellers, which never can attain as high a
speed as side-wheel steamers, are superior even
for many purposes of war to the side-wheel steam-
*ers.
Another idea has been presented by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]—if not
by him, at least by some other gentleman this
morning, that costly furniture and other costly ar-
rangements about these ships have swollen the
costs, and therefore increased the expenditure
very largely. Now, I have information which I
believe to be entirely correct, that the gilding and
the mahogany and maple pannels, stained glass and
everything about any one of these vessels—that
is merely put there for ornament—did not amount
to $8,000 or $10,000 for each vessel, and that upon
a sum of about $700,000. Of $3,000,000, $8,000 ;
or $10,000 to each vessel, amounts to a very small
item, and does not, to any considerable extent,
swell the expenditure. As to champagne, I can
only say when I went on board the Baltic, the
people got 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers upon his
amendment; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to strike out " 33,000," and in lieu thereof insert
<l $22,200," and it was disagreed to.
[Cries of *i Question " Question I"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Creorgia,
[Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were or-
dered. v - *
Mr. MEADE here made some statement in re-
gard to the receipts and expenditures of the Col-
lins line, to show that there was no necessity for
an increase of appropriation to sustain that line,
Mr. 1TOWLER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, as I am to the further consumption of time
on this subject, and therefore'Call for the ques-
tion.
Mr. MEADE. I think this is an important
amendment. I am thoroughly convinced, in my
own mind, eleven percent, profit is amply suffi-
cient, and therefore demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Hendricks were appointed.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Meade, to strikeout ** 33,000," and in
lieu thereof to insert " $26,000." and it was not
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 471
noes 74.
Mr. SAVAGrE. I move to amend by adding
the following:
And that the additional allowance given by this act
sball terminate on the Xst day of December, 1854.-
It is not my purpose on this occasion to urge
any serious objection ^against the additional com-
pensation proposed to be given by this bill. I shall
be content to limit it to that which the bill itself
seems to propose—a protection for a short time.
I am one of those who doubt the policy of
establishing this line of steamers—but I waive
that point. I am not convinced that they require
the aid that they are now asking of us, or if they
do require it, that it is not the result of want of
economy on the part of the managers. I believe
this project will prove one of the most profitable
speculations that could possibly be entered into by
these contractors, and will sustain itself and af-
ford ample remuneration to its owners. If the
company needs protection, it is only for a short
time, as the profits which are necessarily attached
to the business will soon be sufficient to sustain it.
But if this compensation is given in the form pro-
posed by the bill, it is given forever, and will be a
perpetual tax upon the Treasury.
I have no doubt but thatthestock in the Collins
line will, in a short time, be the most valuable in
the country, and the object I have in view by
the amendment, is to provide that this extra com-
pensation shall cease in two years from this time.
It is alleged that this line is in great pecuniary
difficulty—and 1 admit that I may be mistaken in
regard to their immediate necessities—but if we
are to give money to every company that asks for
it, and which may come with some show of jus-
tice to demand it at our hands,-we shall not have
a dollar in the Treasury in a very short time.
A great noise is made about patriotism, which
I do not understand as being involved in the issue.
I remember that a few months since, we were lec-
tured upon patriotism and the rights of " down-
trodden humanity throughout the world." Some
of us were then abused because we could not bow
to the prevailing spirit of Kossuthism which swept
over the country, and by the very men who are
to-day lecturing us for standing up for the Treas-
ury against this line of steamers.
According to this new creed, patriotism consists
in a lavish expenditure of the public money to
build up this line of steamers in rivalry to Great
Britain. Why do not gentlemen go further, and
carry out the principle—rival her House of Lords,
her laws of primogeniture, her national debt, her
immense navy and standing army? The argu-
ment is simply ridiculous. There would be as
much patriotism and rivalry of Great Britain in
passing a bill m favor of Jackson, the American
Deer, who, like the Collins line, for a pecuniary
reward, has been engaged in a contest of speed
with Her Majesty's subjects, and triumphed over
the swiftest of their runners.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FOWLER. I have not heard a single
amendment which I would be willing to adopt. I
desire to oppose this among the rest, and call for
the question.
