1732
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
July 10,
.The question was then taken on Mr. Savage's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. The hammer fell on yes-
terday when I was in the midst of a- sentence. I
desire now to close that sentence, and call the at-
tention of the House 
- [Cries of-." Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia .[Mr. McMbius] propose an amend-
ment?-
Mr. M.cMXJLLIN. I move to strike out
" f33,00(V and insert " $19,100."
1 desire to address myself particularly to Dem-
ocratic gentlemen upon this side of the Hall.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia.. I rise to a
question of order. My point of order is, that it
is not in order to move to amend my amendment.
The only question pending before the House is to
concur with the amendment of the Senate to our
bill. I move to amend the Senate amendment by
striking out certain words. That is an amend-
ment in the second degree. The amendment of
the Senate is an amendment in the first degree.
My motion to amend that is an amendment in the
second degree;, and now any motion to amend
mine is an amendment in the third degree. I call
for the reading of the rule, o,n the 189th page in
the Manual:
The Clerk then read the rule, as follows:
"A motion to amend an amendment from the other
House takes precedence of a motion to agree or disagree.
A bill originating in one House is passed by tile other with
an amendment. The originating House agrees to their
amendment with ail amendment. The other may agree to
their amendment with an amendment—that being only in
the second, and not the third degree. Pol-, as to the amerid-
in<  House, the first amendment with which they passed
the bill, is a part of its text; it is the only text they have
agreed to. The amendment to that text by the originating
House, therefore, is only in the first degree, and the amend-
ment to that again by the amending House is only in the
second, to wit: an amendment to an amendment, and so
admissible. Just so, when, on a bill from the originating
House, the other, at its Becond reading, makes an amend-
ment ; oil the third reading, tins amendment is become the
text of die-bill; and if an amendment to it be moved, an
amendment to that amendment may also bo moved, as being
only in the second degree."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels con-
strained to overrule the question of order raised
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.Stephens,]
and decide the amendment, such as is proposed
now to the clause proposed to be stricken out, to
be in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Does the Chair think that
it is in order to amend an amendment in the sec-
ond degree?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not con-
ceive that question to be involved in the point
raised. If it were, the Chair would not hesitate
to decide that the question of the gentleman from
Georgia was well taken. The Chair thinks it is
not an amendment to the amendment. The gen-
tleman will recollect that the Chair has not put the
question in that form, at any time, to the commit-
tee, as he considered that the motion made by the
gentleman from Georgia was suspended during
the time the committee were engaged in amending
the clause proposed to be stricken out. Each
amendment lias been stated to be an amendment
to the Senaip amendment in the second degree.
Mr. STEl'ilJiA'S. I think the Chair is wrong,
but I will not take nil appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to see
if I understand the proposition. I understand the
original proposition is ail amendment from the
Senate to the House bill. I understand that the
gentleman from -Georgia [Mr. Stephens] moves
to amend the original proposition, which is the
amendment of the Senate to the bill; and his
amendment, therefore, is an amendment in the
second degree, and he is clearly in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Johnson] is entirely wrong. The
original proposition is not the Senate's amend-
ment. Our text is the original bill, and the Sen-
ate's amendment is an amendment in the first de-
gree as to us. My amendment is an amendment
in the second degree as to us. There can be no
question about that.
The CFTAIRMAN. That is the view which
the Chair takes of it. But suppose an amendment
is made to the clause here, and adopted. That is
an amendment to the Senate amendment, and is
as far as we can go upon that amendment. You
cannot entertain a motion to amend that amend-
ment. Suppose th# question is taken upon the
gentleman's motion to strike-out, and his motion
is carried, and tie clause stricken, out, why; the
whole thing is ended. If it fails, we stand with
an amendment to the Senate amendment. -
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask, if the mo-
tion which the gentleman from Georgia makes to
strike it out, can be'put? If you strike it out,
would it not be a rejection of that provision ? The
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
have no authority to reject a proposition referred
to it. You have no right in Committee of the
Whole to strike out the enacting clause of the bill,
if the original bill is before you.
Mr. STEPHENS. How can you put'a ques-
tion to strike out anything ? If I cannot strike out
six lines, how can 1 strike out a word ? It is per-
fectly competent to amend by striking out one
word, yr any number of words.
Mr. CABELL. I rise to a,, question of order.
The Chair has decided the question, and there
has been no appeal taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would not be
captious. He has made his decision. The Chair
will state in reply to the gentleman from Tennes-
see, if this had been a motion to strike out the
entire Senate amendment, the Chair would think
that to be out of order; but an amendment to
strike out a portion of the Senate's amendment,
the Chair thought was in order. The Chair en-
tertains some doubt now whether it was in order,
but is inclined to think it was—at all events, that
question is not before us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
the Chairman to state that the House bill is the
original text. I want to raise this point with the
Chair: Suppose a bill goes from this House to the
Senate, and comes back here with an amendment,
why, then, the original bill is beyond the reach
of the House; the House can make no amend-
ment in the original bill, but must act on the Sen-
ate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is correct
in that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, sir, the Senate amend-
ment being the original proposition, an amend-
ment to an amendment to the Senate amendment
is only in the second degree, and is plainly in
order, according to the Manual.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is correct
in saying that the House cannot amend the origi-
nal bill; but he is incorrect in supposing that the
Senate amendment is our text. Our text is the
original bill. The Senate amend that, and we can-
not entertain an amendment to an amendment to
the Senate amendment.
Mr. CARTTER. I would like to inquire if
there is any question of order now before the
committee?
The CHAIRMAN. There is not.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not think
we shall ever (end this debate in any other way,
and, therefore, I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and I ask for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were not.ordered.
The question was then put, " Shall thedecision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee r" and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. McMULLIN, (resuming.) I will endeavor
to bring myself within the rules of order, and ad-
dress myself to both sidesof the House. I desire
tb call the particular attention of this committee
and of the country to the platform adopted the
othSr day by the Democratic party in their Con-
vention at Baltimore.
Mr. GOODENOW. I call the gentleman to
order. The Democratic platform has nothing to
do with this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must confine his remarks to the amendment
which he has submitted.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will show the gentleman
that my remarks are pertinent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from Virginia that an argument to prove
that the Senate amendment is unconstitutional is
not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am going to advance ar-
guments to prove that the amendment is just. 1
do not mean, as I said yesterday, to discuss the
constitutional question. I am going to discuss the
propriety and expediency of the amendment which
I have offered, and the inexpediency of the Senate
amendment, as it somes to this House. Sir, the
Democratic party declare in their platform, that
justice and sound policy forbid the general Gov-
ernment to fortify one branch of industry 
^Loud cries ofli Order!"]
Mr. GOODENOW. I insistthat thegentleman
is out of order, and I ask for th£ enforcement of
the rule wilich provides that if a member is deci-
ded to be out of order he shall take his seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that an^argument to prove that Congress
has no power to make such an appropriation as
this is not in order on the' amendment submitted
by the gentleman from Virginia. But if the gen-
tleman wishes to argue the policy of 'making the
appropriation provided for in the Senate amend-
ment, it is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. i have not raised the con-
stitutional question. I desire to show that the
amendment I have submitted ought to be adopted
because it is less partial in its character than the
Senate amendment. I hold that the Senate amend-
ment is partial legislation; that it confers special
favors upon a few individuals—Collins & Co.—
to the detriment of a large majority of the Amer-
ican people. Is there a gentleman on this floor
who will deny that proposition ? Is not legisla-
tion of this kind sectional and partial ? There can
be no doubt about it.
Sir, the gentlemen belonging to the Democratic
party who support this appropriation, have read
themselves out of the Democratic church, if the
platform as laid down at Baltimore is to be relied
on. I have not itme to read it, but I beg gentle-
men to read it for themselves. Sir, if this House
has the power, aijd shall exercise that power, of
passing this amendment of the Senate for the ben-
efit of Collins&.Co.,you will be called upon next,
perhaps by my colleague from the Accomac dis-
trict, [Mr. Bayly,] to make appropriation for the
benefit of a line of steamers from Norfolk, and
perhaps next for lines of steamers from Boston,
New Orleans, and from every port in the Union.
Mr. Chairman, I asked the friends of this amend-
ment, yesterday, to tell the House and the coun-
try whether or not, when this company first under-
took this contract, they were not $1,000,000 in
debt, and whether they are not giving exorbitant
and extravagant salaries to their officers—as high
as $6,000 per annum ? They have not answered
those questions. .1 now desire to know one or
two more facts in reference to the company. It
has been said by Madame Rumor, that foreign
capitalists have invested capital in this company.
We hear a great deal about patriotism, and about
protecting the interests of our country. Sir, I
claim to be as much at) American as any gentleman
here. I claim, too, to be as pure a patriot as arty
of the gentlemen who choose to vote for this un-
just and iniquitous appropriation. But I ask the
committee to pause before they sanction by their
votes this unjust system of legislation. Sir, if
rumor is to be believed, foreign capitalists hold
stock in this Collins line, and I have also under-
stood, from rumor, that the same foreign capital-
ists hold stock in the Cunard line. Is that true?
Is it possible that there can be any truth in that re-
port ?
Mr. CARTTER. I-will answer the gentleman.
It is not true.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the American Con-
gress to appoint a committee to investigate these
matters before they pass this appropriation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
[Several cries of " Question !"]
Mr. ALLISON. I think it is evident that the
committee is tired of this boy-play, and I move
that the committee rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeorgia. I am tired of
sitting here hearing these speeches. I think it
would be better to adjourn at once than to stay
here all day doing nothing. I call for tellers on
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stephens,
ofGeorgia, and Vcnable were appointed.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cidod in the negative—ayes 34, noes 89.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred upon the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. McMuli.iv.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Has there been
any speech made in opposition to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia?
The CHAIRMAN. There has not. ,
