Q££Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
$4,500.was to be paid to these Indians by theGen-
eralGovernment. Thatarticlepiovides thatitshall
be paid by and under the direction of the superin-
tendent to be-appointed by the President for that
purpose. Suck superintendent was appointed,
and from that time down to the present, the va-
rious superintendents have notoniy received tnese
annuities, but, under instruction and direction of
the Government, have acted as superintendents of
most of the affairs of the Indians, The Indians
have acted under their direction, and by their ad-
vice in very many of their national affairs. TJiase
superintendents have been rather guardians to the
Indians than their agents. These superintendents
from 1794 to 1S30 received all these moneys as
superintendents, and paid them over to the Indians;
but in 1830, when Judge Stryker was appointed,
he, by virtue of that appointment, as it appears '
from the report of the commissioner, went to Mr.
Ingersoll, the agent or superintendent mentioned
by the genlleman from Missouri [Mr. Phklps]
yesterday, and, as superintendent, or agent, de- j
mandetl "$7,500, part of this §28,505 50. it was ]
faid to htm by the old agent or superintendent, |
ngersoll, as a superintendent or agent, and received I
by Judge Stryker as such. \
' Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman does not exact- 1
ly comorehencl my question. I understand this
agent did not receive the money from the United
States, but from the State of New York. Myques-
tion was this: was this fraud committed by Mr.
Stryker as an incumbent of any office which he
held under Government to receive and dispose of
this money ?
Mr. HAVEN. I think it was.
Mr. PHELPS. Was he not responsible by his
bond for this money ?
Mr. JOHNSON." If the gentleman will allow
me, I will answer the question asked by the gen-
^ tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Harris.] It was
the duty of the superintendent, and was made so
under the express instructions of the War Depart-
ment, to receive this money. I have read ins
instructions over the signature of the acting 8ac- |
retary of War at the time. I
Mr. BIA.IUUS. It is very clear to, my mind, |
that this whole matter must turn upon one point. |
If it was committed to an officer of the Govern-
ment to receive and dispose of these moneys, and ;
he has been guilty of a dereliction of duty, and the
Indians have been thereby defrauded out of that
money, it is very clear to me that the Government
should refund it. Hut, upon the other hand, if it
should appear that this fraud was not committed
by Mr. stryker as an officer of the Government,
but that lie was merely an agent appointed by the
Indians to receive the money and disburse it, then
it is equally clear that the Government should not
be liable for his default. If it should appear, as
was stated bythe gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] and as wits stated in the report from the
Commissioner of Indian Ail'airs on yesterday, that
he was appointed by the Indians, and not by the
Government of the United States, to receive this
fund, then I hold that the Government is not
responsible for any act of malfeasance that may
be committed by him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does not he
know that the report which the gentleman fiom
Missoun read, was a lepoit long since made,
and before any investigation was had; and Mr. j
Medill does not report upon the fact, that the Sec- i
retary of War had authorized ami required an I
agent to take charge of the funds due frotn the [
State of New York to these Indians?
Mr. HARRIS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man, that unless there is a provision by treaty !
authorizing the appointment of such an agent, the j
Secretary of War would have no power to appoint j
one. A reference to the treaty w;!l settle the 1
question. And in further answer to the gentleman J
irom Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson-,] 1 will remark, :
meat to the amendment, to strike out §25,000, and
insert $98,000, and it was agreed to. .
The question then recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas.
Mr. SWEETSER. Upon that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Swf.etser
and Johnson, of Arkansas, appointed; and the
question being taken, the tellers reported—ayes 74,
noes 37; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB. Let there be a recount.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection a
recount will be had.
No objection being made, a recount was ordered
and had, and the tellers reported—ayes 84, noes
39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. In looking over the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,]
1 discover that it does not certainly insure the pay-
ment of the money to the Indians. I desire to pro-
pose an amendment, to which probably, the gen-
tleman will not object; it is to insert after the word
Indian," the words "per capita," so that the In-
dians may be certain to get their money.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am perfectly willing that j
such amendment shall be made. I think it ought j
to be made. I hope that by the unanimous consent
of the House, it will be m ule. '•
The CHAIPvMAN. This amendment can be !
admitted only by general consent—the clause hav- i
ingbeen odopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I have a word to say in rela-
tion to that matter.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to the proposition of
the gentleman from Alabama. It will give rise to
debute, to which I am opposed.
Mr. PHELPS. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Codb.]
Mr. COBB. Suppose I make a five minutes
speech. 1 would if 1 thought it would do any good.
1 think every member will see at once the neces-
sity of the amendment I propose—that is, to insert
after the word "Indian," the words " per capita,"
so that the Indians will be certain to get what is
J appropriated.
j Mr. H1BBARD. I rise to a question of order,
j I understand the gentleman to offer his amendment
to a clause whidi we have already adopted, and
which is not now before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] rises to a point, of or-
der.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope my friend from New
; Hampshire will withdraw that question of order.
! Mr. HIBBARD. Will you renew it?
1 The CHAIRMAN. The auestion is not debata-
| ble.
! Mr. IIIBBARD. I withdraw the question of
order.
Mr. PHELPS. The position taken by my
friend from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] is right in the
mam; but it is applicable to the whole sum pro-
posed to be appropriated to these Indians. It is
wrong m this particular: You now make the Gov-
ernment of the United States responsible for cer-
tain moneys which belong to Polly Jemisori, and ']
which she deposited with that agent, and  n
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. J risetoapoint j,
of order. I wish the Chair would state now what I'
the question is before the committee, which the ;i
gentleman is speaking upon. Will the Chair have '
the amendment read? j
Mr. HIBBARD. I renew my objection to the ji
amendment, as being out of order. !;
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to state that I
do not want to support it, for, after looking at it, j!
in connection with the amendment itself, I find li
that it does not come in such a form as to be ap- jl
plicable to it. ]'
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanfrom New j!
Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] makes the point ofj
that this report came fiom the Commissioner of h order', that it is not now in order to make an
Indian Affairs many yeais a?o, when this f.i~: was 1
fresher in die recollection of the officers of the
Government, and of the parties whose duty it was
to know something about it; and I should think
that this report ought to command more of our ;
confidence than a report m?de at n subsequent i
period, when the facts to pome extent must have ■
faded from the recollection of ail the parties, per- i
haps. ;
[Here the hammer fell.] I
The question was then taken upon the amjm!- j
amendment to the clause adopted by the commit- I;
tee. The Chair is inclined to think that the point "
of order is not well taken, and that it is in order !i
to offer ti.e amendment. '!
Mr. HIBBARD.
I must appeal from that de- j
cision. 1 understand the Chair to decide that it is |:
in order to amend a clause, after the committee !j
have adopted it. It strikes me that such a decision !>
will lead to disastrous results hereafter. 1 appeal |l
from the decision. ' h
Mr. COBB. I can add the proviso at the end ii
of the section—that the money shall be distribu-
ted " per capita."
_ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made a de-
cision, and the gentleman from New Hampshire
takes an appeal. The decision is this: an amend-
ment was offered by the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Johnson,] and it was adopted. That
amendment having been adopted by the commit-
tee, the Chair thinks it is competent to offer an
amendment to that, as much as it is to a;iy other
part of the bill that has not been passed by. This
amendment, having been adopted by the commit-
tee, becomes a part of the bill, as much so as if.
originally placed there, and is therefore open to
amendment. Prom this decision, the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] appeals;
and the question is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. HIBBARD. I call lor a division of the '
question. 1 look upon it as an important prin-
ciple in practice.
Mr. COBB. We might get into some difficul-
ty and change our opinions, as we frequently do
here. If it is the pleasure of the House, I will
withdraw my amendment, and insert the proviso
at the end of the section.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. COBB. I move to insert, at the end of
the section, the proviso that the money to oe paid
under the provisions of this section be paid " per
capita."
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that my col-
league has withdrawn his amendment, and that
he intends to offer a proviso.
Mr. COBB. I have already done so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me suggest to my friend
from Alabama, if he intends to apply the princi-
ple to the amendment, whether it would not be
better to wait until we get through the Indian'
appropriations, and then introduce his proviso,
and make the principle apply.,to all the appropria-
tions in this bill for the Indians.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Alabama will be reported.
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That the money appropriated under the pro-
visions of this section shall be paid, per capita.
Mr. COBB. Do I undei*stand the chairman of
Indian Affairs to say that I am right in moving
this amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That money
cannot be paid per capita. If. is due to individu-
als, and is not for distribution generally.
Mr. COBB. A great quantity of this money
will go to agents who are hanging around this
Hall, unless a proviso of this kind be introduced.
It belongs to Indians, if to any one, for whose
benefit we are anxious it should be appropriated.
And unless we make this provision, or one similar,
they will be defrauded out of their just dues.
Mr. FITCH. I wish the gentleman from Ala-
bama to modify his amendment. The most of
this money is due to individuals by name, and not
per capita; and, moreover, it is money due bv the
State of New York, and not bythe United States.
The money was placed in the hands of the United
States officer, who acted as trustee. We do not
know the treaties which have been made with
these Indians, for they are not before us, but I
think the money ought to be paid to the individu-
als to whom it is due by the treaty.
Mr. COBB. I will modify my amendment to
Meet the views of the chairman of" the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was modified to road as fol-
lows:
Provided, That the money appropriated iiv thU fection
shall be paid to the persons to whom it may be lenaliy due-
Mr. HOUSTON, i would suggest, to my coi-
leagae the propriety of taking His own amend-
ment, and drawing it up to suit himself. I think
it reads:
Provided, That this money shall be paid to ttie persons
to whnm it may be legally due.
My colleague I know wishes to accomplish that
which is very desirable in reference to all Indian
appropriations. He wants, and I give him credit
for it, to prevent the appropristionYuHi.ig into the
hands of agents and cormorants who are hanging
around this Hall of legislation for the purpose of
defrauding the Indians out of their substance.
But, sir, lie will not be able to accomplish his pur-
