1852. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
pose by this amendment; because, should an agent j
come here with a power of attorney to receive j
the money, he becomes the party to whom it is i
"legally due. Under that proviso the agent can !
receive it, just as well as he could without the |
proviso.
Mr. COBB. I do not want thegentleman from
Alabama (my colleague) to put words in my
mouth with reference to these agents. As far as
some of them are concerned, they are useful be-
ings. ' ;
Mr. HOUSTON. Your proviso does not ac- '
comphsh .Uie purpose of preventing these agents
from receiving the money.
Mr. COBB. Then i will take it all back, if it
is not ttisfectory. 1 will withdraw it. as there,
seems to me to be a difference of opinion in rela-
t.on to this matter.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would like ■
to see a provision inserted, to carry out the inten-
tions of the gentleman from Alabama, and would
t}\xzge*,t that one be prepared to meet the case.
Mr. WOODWARD, i have an additional sec- 1
tion, which I will propose, which will indicate the ,
mode of payment under every section of the bill,
id of course cover this case.
Mr. COBB. Very well, then; I will withdraw :
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala- i
bama can withdraw his amendment by unanimous
consent.
There being no objection, the amendment was 1
withdrawn. '
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. Imevetoamend |
the bill by striking out the following items:
" Foj* the reappropnauon ot the following sums, carried to
tlie surpl'is fund, per warrants numbered twelve and thir-
teen, uml dat<jd, respectively, the 3uth of June, 1846, and
the 3d of June, 184S, under the following head, viz :
"For carrying into effect Choctaw treaty"—act 11th of
June, 164'2, >1)5 83.
T moved this amendment, sir, although I believe
that the item ought not to be struck out at all. I
moved it for the purpose of reaching the ground
upon which the remainder of the estimates, fur- j
rushed by the Indian department to this House, J
and to be offered by me as amendments, will be !
objected to, under a point of order. The ground 1
upon which I move this amendment is* that the ■
item 1 proposed to strike out. is not a deficiency, j
1 will read the item, sir. It is: |
k,Foi r] x appropriation of the following sums, cavried '
to tne s-uiinu- lund, per warrants numbered twelve and ,
ihirtee-1, U'ld dated, lespectivelv, the 30th of June, 1816, and j
the of June, 1848, under the following head* :
L Tor eauvniK into effect Choctaw treatv, act of 30th of j
juae. i*4*2     $95 S3 |
£. For carrj ine into effect Choctaw treaty, on ae- !
count of lauds lehnnuished, act of 2d of March, 1
3831  <86 26
3. Foi payment of PutUw atomies, on account of
Ciopabatidoned, act of 3d of Mat<',h,tS39  742 50
4. For iKunient of Pottawatomies, for twelve log-
houses destroyed, act of 3d ot March, 1839   600 00
Nov,-, sir, this is not a deficiency existing and
occurring in the appropriations for the current
year. Ius to restore a surplus carried to the Treas-
ure, and it is not strictly a deficiency. Yet they
will contend that the section may be allowed to
come ui as a deficiency, and by the rule they adopt
—which is no rule at all—they will expect to ex-
clude the remainder of the same class to be offered
by me as amendments to this bill. The amend-
ments I shall offer are the estimates the Depart-
ment furnished to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I shall offer none other. If they are at- ;
tempted to be ruled out upon a point of order that
they are not deficiencies, then I refer you to their
whole bi'l, and shall move to strike it out, item by
item, on their own reasons; and I must be sus-
tained. So the committee, in adopting such a prin-
ciple to govern with this deficiency, having n'terly
failed to respect, it themselves, will have adopted
en c-.bMr/Hly'. I have no hesitation, sir, in express-
ing my belief, when the Committee of Ways and
Means adopted the rules which made up these de-
ficiencies in the Indian bill, that they had no rule
a!:, but went by guess, taking up what they
liked, rind, without much investigation, rejecting
what ihey did not like, exclusive of the considera-
tion of tne question whethei these items were de-
ficiencies or not. us examine the history of
'his deSci enoy bill.
A fe'v years ago, a deficiency bill was never
heard of. Was there nodeliciency bill, however?
Yes. certainly there was, and always has been, e
deficiency bill as fa;- as we are able to traee back
the history of the Government. It has gone under
a different and distinct tide. It will be found to
have gone under the title of " Acts legalizing "
debts incurred by the Government ana Depart-
ments, and providing moneys for their discharge
in the current fiscal year. You have but to look
at the deficiency bill to show the absurdity of the
objections which have been made by gentlemen
against the estimates of the Department when of-
fered here in the nature of a deficit. Look at the
deficiency bill last year, when the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] was at the head of the Com-
i mittee of Ways and Means. Look at the defi-
! ciency bills before that time, and what do you find?
! Why, you find, from what I will read here from
| this book, a few facts distinct and irresistible.
I You will find, Mr. Chairman, in this deficiency
! bill, six items only, that may, in their legitimate
; and strict, construction, be called a deficit. You
| find there are, at the same time, forty-two items
: of new and original matter for the purpose of
i making up this deficiency bill; and the items are
not strictly to provide for deficiencies in appro-
priations, but to meet the current wants of the
current year. The first bill referred to was ap-
proved 29th February, 1851, and under the same
Committee of Ways and Means of the last Con- j:
gress; the second deficiency bill was approved 15th
May, 1851, and in the latter you find twenty-one j
items of deficit, with forty-four items of original 'j
matter. Sir, the true rule we must come at is, ,|
what is and what-is not deficiency for the Govern- ii
ment service for the current year? It must be
what the Departments, and Executive, under their t1
respective reports to this House, Jsnow to be ne- !;
cessary to carry on the service of the Government. I
i That is a deficiency. Where a deficiency occurs j
i within the current year, the general appropriation j
bill is not the proper bill in which to provide for !
it; it is a different thing, and it provides for the ex- j
penses of the ensuing years only. All estimates :
to discharge the obligations of this Government, ;
whether they originate bylaw or treaty, or by the |:
immutable principles of common honesty—every ji
one of them occurring within the current fiscal j|
year—are legitimately deficits, and nothing else. !
It is left to the wisdom of the Ways and Means ■,
Committee to discover anything different. They !
would have discovered something, which is to be 1
enforced under your tubunal, Sir, which would !
discharge the obligations of the Government, not i
by paying, but by excluding them. If such items
are not proper in deficit bills for the current year, •
they cannot he proper in the general bill which n
provides for the ensuing year. But they desire to
proceed with these estimates of the Government as i
i proceed with t
| if they were for private claims, and consign them
| to the fate of private claims, to wit—^to die of neg- '
j lect. !'
| Mr. HOUSTON. I confess I am astonished 1
i at the coursepursued by my friend from Arkansas, >
1 and I put it to him now whether it is right for him '
| to make a motion for the ourpose of consuming ;■
| so much of the time of tfiis committee, which ;
j ought to be appropriated to legitimate business, j
j merely to argue and remind that committee what
i was settled in his favor yesterday ? The point was j
| submitted to the Chair; the point of order was 1
! overruled by the Chair, and the gentleman was ;
| permitted to offer his amendment; and it seems to ;
i me to be wholly unnecessary to make this motion ^
! now for the purpose of rearguing this matter. jj
j Mr. JOHNSON. I mustcorrectthegentleman. j
; He says I do it for the purpose of consuming time. !f
! It is not so. It was not decided in my favor, ex- ii
! cent upon one point. !|
! "Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Arkan-
i sas alludes so often to the Committee oi "Ways ■;
I and Means that really he would seem to convey /
| the idea that he designs to cast reproach upon ;
| them for the course they have pursued.
'• Mr. JOHNSON. I do not design that.
I Mr. HOUSTON. As far as the Committee of ;
; Ways and Means is concerned, they have had no
concerted action upon tht point of order made yes- .
terday by my fiiendfromMipsouri, [Mr. Phei.ps,] ;
and very properly made. It was not a mattej con-
sidered by the Committee of Ways and Means.
It was prompted by his own judgment ot ri^es thnt ;
ought to govern here. The covnmiUee^ took r.o .
action upon it, and had no agency at all in it. !
But I am willing, Mr. Chairman, lo taKe the '
gentleman at his word, and strike tins from the ;
bill, if he contends it is improper; or. I am willing 1
to take it out and let it take its chance in the In-
dian bill. The course which the Committee of
Ways and Means pursued in regard to all these
items was, wherever an item presented itself that
they believed was one about which there would
be no cavil at all, they allowed it, whenever they
could conscientiously do so. All the claims which
were put in were put in substantially upon that
principle. The propositions which we rejected
were those which were disputed as to facts and as
to law, and have been before two branches of
Congress, and matter of litigation in truth, f, sir,
do not desire to interfere with the bill as it is be-
fore the House; but I appeal to the gentleman
from Arkansas—I appeal to every member of this
committee, desirous of passing this bill—and J
think 1 may base that appeal upon a reasonable
footing, and if so I hope the gentleman from Ar-
kansas will respond to my appeal; and if he does
not, 1 hope the committee will. My appeal isthi&:
I desire to have action upon this deficiency bill.
These amendments of the gentleman from Ar-
kansas will be delayed but a few months at the
outside, if he will withhold them and offer them as
amendments to the Indian bill, which will shortly
come up.
Mr. BROOICS. This is in the Indian bill—the
same item.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If such a case
| as that should take place, when will the general
i Indian appropriation bill be passed?
i Mr. HOUSTON. I respond to the gentleman,
I let it be in August or September. How much will
1 he gain in point of time by insisting upon the
I items going into this bill? Why a few months
'• only. I appeal to the gentleman from Arkansas
to withdraw his amendment, and let it go into the
Indian bill, when it can be discussed there just as
fully as here, and no time will be lost.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the House
' reject that amendment, or in other words, if the
House refuse to strike out the clause, I say that it
: shows that the balance of the estimates ought to
come in; and I hope the House will refuse to con-
cur in the motion I made.
The question was then put on the amendment
offered by Mr. Johnson,of iVrkonsas, and it was
not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to insert, as an inde-
pendent section, to follow the one just read by
the Clerk, the following:
For j.aymcnt of Previa Beihvfeii, (formerly l'rosha Fore-
man,) the amoimi of an award by the Cherokee Com-
missioner m her favor, tvhieh was erroneously paid by a
former Cherokee anient to some one who personated the
proper claimant, $464 00.
Mr. J. This claim originates under the treaty
for money misapplied. It is an appropriation of
the sum of g4S4, which amount of money was by
mistake paid to the wrong person. The Govern-
ment has found it extremely'difficult entirely to
escape from frauds of this character, which have
been practiced upon it. The amount here asked
to be appropriated was due to the particular Indian
named m the amendment, Presha Bedwell, which
TO paid over by the agent of the Government,
to a person who personated this claimant. I do
not know that the amendment needs further ex-
planation , as I can see n o reason in the world, that
can be advanced against its adoption by the com-
mittee. It comes here recommended as an esti-
mate from the Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. From the readinar of this
amendment, the committee will see clearly what
it is. [Here the amendment was again read.]
Now, you see, facts are involved that we, as a
committee, making merely appropriations,cannot
investigate. In the first place, who personated the
claimant ? Kow, where, and when was the money
paid? All these facts must be looked■ into, anil
reported upon. Then the House 
Mr. JotlNSON. The Committee on Indian
Affairs investigated the matter. 1 will send up
rhis paper to be read, that gentlemen may know
its contents. I thought that the Committee of
Ways and Means had" not examined the estimates
that "were submitted to them. There is no dispute
about that.
JJ OF Til 12 INTERIOR, ?
Offiok Aftaius, Sjyil 21!, 1851. S
Pir: Yosjfle'ter of The ultimo hnv been received.
•The ewe fiS)Oiitw!:wfc von in-V'l-e,tlt&tof Preslm Bedweii,
;,ormcrlv Fresh ft Foreman,) htu befn cai<nuil.v investigated
fri* bureau, a- well as in th« office of tlxyMerod Aud-
■tor and no doubt remains but that Mrs. tfeawel! i: the
patty in whose favor the award of the Cherokee commie-
