870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
sioriers for ,«464 was made; and it has also been clearly
ascertained. that the amount ot said award was paid by a
former Cherokee agent, P. W. Butler, E?q., deceased, to
some one who personated the proper claimant. As the satd
agcntVaccourit*1, which included this payment, have been
settled—and recourse cannot now be had upon ins sureties
foT the reimbursement ot the amount, there being no mnd
under'the control of ttilsDepartmentoutoi winch Mrd. Bed-
well can be paid, the only -l'uinedv left, for her, is to obtain
from'Congress an appropriation of die amountdue hei,"and
th«s will be asked lor by this office at the next session of
thai-body. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. LEA, Commissioner.
Johs Elliott, E?q., Charleston> Bradley county, East
Tcivnessee*
Mr. HOUSTON. It may be that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have looked into it. I do
not pretend to say that they have not. But let
them report their bill for the correction of this
error on its own merits, and do not let us load down
our appropriation billj-and especially a bill which
is to supply deficiencies, with private claims which
must be to delay or defeat it, by statements of
facts for and against it. In this bill to appropri-
ate money to carry out the treaties and laws of
the country, we do not, or should not appropriate
for the payment of private claims. I should le-
gret deeply, under other circumstances, to put off
the claim of any one because it was a private
claim. It does seem to me that, had the gentle
man from Arkansas l-eportpd a bill for the relief of
this Indian, with this statement of facts, the House
would not have hesitated to pass the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The House never passes, a
bill uponr a statement.
MiCFOWLER. . 1 desire to know the date of
the communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Allaire, which has just been read.
The CHAIRMAN. April 23d, 1851.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I would
like to inquire under what treaty this money was
to be paid ?
Mr. JOHNSON. It was due to that Indian
under a treaty the date of which I at this moment
do not recollect.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. JOFINSON. I have two more amend-
ments of the same class. All that I want to do is
to discharge my duty; and, aa the committee have
declined to pass one of them, I will not submit
the remainder.
I offer now the following, as an additional sec-
tion, to come in after the two hundred and thirty-
sixth line:
For the liquidated balance found due the Creek Indian?
for losses sustained damns tI,e last war with Great Bnt-
ain, by tlmt portion of the tube winch was fiiendly to
and cuopiirnted with theUnited states, in accordance with
the promise of IlmGoveiiuiieiit^flJO.^t? 90 ; tobo paid by
the United States audit to tii-w: Indians now living, and
the legal U'presentauvesof t!uw deceased, who ate entitled
to receive the same in proper peison.
Mr. J. said: That, Mr. Chairman, is an item
which has been due Ions; since—that has been adju-
dicated after having been investigated by the express
orders and authority of the Government—and is
now estimated for ill the regular estimates of tlieln-
dianjdepartment. It is to discharge an obligation m
the nature of a treaty—an obligation incurred by
us during the late war with Great Britain, which
1 explained the other day in the one hour speech
which I had the honor to make to this House. It
seems to me to be as clear a case as there is under
the light of the sun. At present, as I have only
five minutes, 1 can but approach the points which
I understand will be presented in opposition to
this amendment. The claim orieinates m this
way: When the friendly Creeks joined the forces
of the United States, in making war upon the hos-
tile Creeks—or, rather, in the progress of the war
—General Pinckney gave them an assurance and
his pledge as a major geneial of the United States
Army—and that authority was recognized by the
General Government—that they should be indemni-
fied for the losses and injuries that Ihey had sustained.
This fact will not be disputed, I imagine, by any
one. Attheexpiration of the war—it will be alleged
by the opponents of this amendment—there was a
communication from the friendly Creeks, stating
that$60,000 would be received as indemnity. There
was no such thins:■ I call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that a letter was written by the
agent, Hawkins, at the making of the treaty—long
after the promise of Pinckney—saying that the-
friendly Creeks would, in his opinion, have taken,
at that dat-e, $60,000. The Indians made no such
offer or statement, and no investigation had been
made; and, in fact, the supposition even that the
§60,000 referred to these losses, is a total mistake.
But allowing it to be no mistake, still it was
the agent, and not the Indians, that made the
guess of ^60,000; and is evidently and absolutely a
rough guess. They will rely upon it, however,
as a thing having the force of truth, and will insist
upon it in the very face of the action of the Gov-
ernment of that day, requiring that same agent to
investigate, ascertain, and report the amount of
the losses, and in the face of the report of that
same agent setting forth that over ^,100,000 was
claimed, of which amount he was satisfied, and
had allowed over ^76,000 to be due; and his fttnher
statement, that the investigation was unfinished,
and would be progressed with as early as possible.
The letter containing the guess of $60,000, as
what they would then have received, it is now
asked, shall be taken and relied upon against the
actual investigation made by the same man. Thus
would we make this House and these States aban-
don their honest obligations to the glaring dishon-
or of both. The same gentleman then was in-
structed by the department to go on and complete
the investigation. He was taken sick and died.
He was succeeded by a man named Mitchell.
Mitchell proceeded with and concluded the inves-
tigation . W hen the full investigation was reported,
it appeared that the Indians had claims to the
amount of over §300,001). That agent of the Gov-
ernment rejected all excepting §195,000. Of that
amount, )>S5,000 had been already paid by the
Government, thus leaving, without interest, still
due, the amount now asked for, after thnty-six
years' delay, to wit, $110,417.
The simple qtieslion is this: Under the promise
of General Pinckney, are we liable for " losses
and injuries "to the Indians? It has been acknowl-
edged over and over again. How have we paid
it? We have paid §85,000; no more. Was that
the whole amount due them ? No, no, no. Then
what is the remainder? Answer, ^110,000. By
whom ascertained t By our own officers. Is it
acknowledged? Yes, yes. After full and thor-
ough examination, the validity of the debt was
recognized by the Government, and the estimates
are now sent to the House of Representatives.
The sum of $110,000 is now asked. This is a
short and explicit statement of this case. I shall
now leave it, anti.wa.it to hear the objections to be
urged by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Piielps,] with regard to it. Those opposed to
amendments always have the last word; and, I
need not say to the committee, it is impossible
fully to explain an item of this character in the
short space of the five minutes allotted to me. 1
ask the attention and memory of the House to
the statement of this ca.«e as contained in my
speech mode the other day.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] proposes an amendment to this
bill, by which §110,000, and upwards, is proposed
to be appropriated, upon an alleged claim arising
m behalf of certain Creek Indians in the year 1814.
If the Government of the United States was justly
indebted to the Creek Indians in 1814, in the sum
proposed by this amendment, they are as justly
indebted in the interest upon that amount from
that time to the present. It cannot be expected in
a claim of such magnitude that any gentleman, in
a speech of five minutes, can present his reasons
for or against its adoption. I, therefore, have but
a very short time, m which I cannot possibly refer
to all the points made by the gentleman who advo-
cates this amendment. He correctly remarks,
that in 1814, during the Indian war, a letter was
addressed by General Pinckney to Colonel Haw-
kins, at that time the agent of the Creek Indians.
I will read an extract from that letter:
" That the United States will retain so much of the con-
quered terntory as may appear to the Government thereof
to be a just indemnity for the expenses of the war, and as
restitution for the injuries sustained by its citizens and the
ftiendly Creek Indians."
Pending the treaty made in 1814 by the entire
Creek nation, the friendly Creek Indians were will-
ing to accept |60,000 as a full indemnity for the
losses which they sustained. Thegentlemnn from
Arkansas, however, says that that $60,000 was
only as an indemnity, by virtue of the treaty
adopted in 1814, for the losses sustained by the
fiiendly Creek Indians. I deny that position,
.and I say that the treaty of 1814 shows that there
was an express reservation of all the rights of the
friendly Creek Indians within the territory ceded
by the treaty of 1814 to the Government of the
United States. I have before me that treaty, and
I will briefly refer to the first article of it, made
with General Jackson. After stipulating what
tracts of land, what country is ceded by the In-
dians—after defining the boundaries of their lands—
there is the following proviso:
il Provided, nevci thele$9, That where any possession of
any chief ot wauinr ot the Creek nation who shall have
been friendly to the United States (hiring the war, and taken
an active part therein, shall be within the territory ceded by
these articles to the United States, every such person shall
be entitled to a reservation of land within The paid territory
of one mile square, to include his impi ovemcnts, as near
the center theieof as may be, which tliall mure to the said
chief or warrior and his decendants, so long as he or they
shall continue to occupy the i-arne, who shall be piotected
by, and sublet to, the laws of the United States; but upou
the voluntary abandonment thereof by Mich possessor or his
descendants, the right of occupancy or possesion of said
lands «.hall devolve to the United States, and be identified
with the right of property ceded hereby."
There was still another provision, by which the
property taken by the hostile Creek Indians either
froift the -citizens of the United States, or from the
friendly Creeks, Chickasaws, and Choctaw In-
dians, who were engaged in war upon the side of
the United States, should be restored to the offi-
cers of the United States, and to be returned to
all the persons from whom they had been thus cap-
tured. I say $60,000 was an ample compensation
for all the losses which the friendly Indians had
sustained in 1S36, their lands having been ex-
pressly reserved to them by the treaty to which 1
have referred.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman mistakes the
fact; they never made any such acknowledgment.
Mr. PHELPS. The letter of Colonel Haw-*
kins expresses that this was the declaration of the
friendly Creek Indians at the time of the negotia-
tion of that treaty. That is the evidence! have
upon this point. But, again: The gentleman re-
lies upon a report made upon this claim by a late
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and who is labor-
ing upon the same impression as the gentleman
from Arkansas—to wit, that this amount of mon-
ey, $85,000, which Congress afterwards appro-
priated for the purpose of satisfying the claims of
the friendly Creek Indians, was paid to those In-
dians. I say, that this commissioner proceeds
upon the same erroneous supposition that my
friend from Arkansas has adopted—to wit, that
this amount of money was to satisfy'the claims
of*t^ese Creek Indians, "who were to be benefited
by virtue of the treaty of 1814. I have shown
you by that treaty that their lands were reserved
to them, and, consequently, this indemnity was
for their personal losses—for their personal prop-
erty, which was captured by the hostile Indians.
But, again: theie is another point of view in
which I present this claim. To whom is this
money to go? Who are the Indians that are to
receive this money ? The nation? No. Because,
if you appropriate it to the nation, you pay it to
those Indians who were engaged in a war against
us, as well as to those who fought upon our side.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out all except, one dollar. In order to vote under-
standing, we should apprehend the nature of
this claim; and if it is a.claim at all, it is not
due to the Creek Indians, but to individual In-
dians of that nation. In 1812, '13, and '14, when
this country was engaged in war, as the gentle-
man from Arkansas has correctly stated, certain
officers promised that the friendly Creek Indi-
dians who fought with the troops of the United
States should be indemnified for all their property
captured or taken by the hostile Creek Indians.
After the war was over, Captain Hawkins was
charged with ascertaining the amount of these
liabilities of the Government. Under these terms
he reports in his letter, to which reference has
been made, that the whole amount would not ex-
ceed §100,000, and that amount, upon revision,
he thought, could be reduced. There have been
§85,000 paid, as stated by the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson.] Now, if this claim
is just, this money is to be paid to those particu-
lar chiefs and warriors, if they are living, who
were friendly and fought for the United States,
against their own countrymen. If they are dead
and having heirs surviving them, then this money
is due to their heirs. If they liave no heirs at ail
living, then the money does not go to anybody.
I consider, then, that if we pay this money to the
Creek Indians, it goes into the coffers of the Creek
nation; and those who were in the war, and took
