1734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
of the whole cost of one of these ships. The great
cost is in the size, and in the superiority of the
workmanship and machinery, which you must
have, or the whole enterprise will be a dead failure.
With the aid now solicited, every dollar of which,
and more too, will "be. returned, to be continued
' only so long as till we shall have broken up the
British monopoly and secured fair play, this line
can compete with any other line. And, sir, do
you want to see this tine, which is the glory of
our country, and of whose triumphs every Amer-
ican is justly proud, swept from th'e ocean now,
by withholding the amount necessary to keep it
up ? I am opposed to the policy involved in the
fentleman's amendment. His experiment would
e a total failure, and would cover us with morti-
fication. Our noble ships—the fleetest and the
safest in the world—are to be abandoned for a
contract with the lowest bidder. Does any one
believe that such a contract would bring us ships
that would successfully compete with the British
}jne?—that wduld succeed in performing the mail
service that would be expected to be performed ?
Certainly not, for the simple reason that the speed
and regularity of that line cannot be obtained at an
actual expense less than what you now propose to
pay. Experience has taught this. And your now
lowest-bidder line would fail, because it could not
help it. If the proprietors of such line should make
expenditures not warranted by the contracts with
the Government, and place ships upon the route
equal or superior to the Collins ships, they would
be driven, inevitably, to ask for increased com-
pensation, or would be driven from the seas, as
you now propose to drive Collins. Does any man
believe, or pretend to say, that the mail service
between America and Great Britain can be per-
formed at the present time, and under existing cir-
cumstances, as well as it is performed by the pres-
ent line, for less money than we are asked to pay
that? Certainly not. Then why talk about new
contracts ? Either maintain the present line or
have nothing to do'with any.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. SWEETSER demanded tellers upon the
amendment; which were ordered; and Messrs.
Chandler and Olds were appointed.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Olds, and it was disagreed to; the tellers
having reported—ayes 72, noes 75.
Mr. MEADE made some remarks, in continu-
ation of those previously made, with the view to
show that the financial condition of the Collins
line was such that no increase of appropriation
was necessary.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, from the simple
reason that two committees, one of this House,
the Ways and Means, and the Post Office Com-
mittee of the Senate, who have had ample oppor-
tunities to acquire all the necessary information,
and who have thoroughly examined the whole
subject, have reported to us the amount contained
in the Senate's amendment as necessary to carry
on this enterprise. A majority of the Committee
on Finance, in the Senate, have also made a simi-
lar report.
Mr. MEADE. I am relying on that report by
which I can prove what I have said.
Mr. DEAN. I ask whether we are to act dif-
ferently upon this subject from what we do upon
all others, or whether we are to rely upon the re-
port of those men who have had all the means of
information within their reach, and who, after a
full investigation, say this amount of money is
sufficient—barely sufficient; that this company, in
endeavoring faithfully to execute their contract,
have already lost about |500,000? Or whether we
are to take our own opinions, without having the
necessary facts to attain a proper result on which
to found our opinions? I do not wish to detain
the committee, and I hope that the friends of the en-
terprise will cease to occupy the time of the com
mittee, and come to a direct vote on the propo
sition, whether the Senate's amendment shall pass
or not. I trust, also, that no factious opposition
will be offered by the opponents of the measure;
but that we shall be permitted to vote upon the
amendment, and ascertain whether there is or is
not a majority of the House in its favor.
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers upon his amend-
ment; which were ordered; and Messrs. Camp-
bell, of Ohio, and Hibbard were appointed.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. MsAOE^and it was disagreed to—
the tellers having reported ayes 52, noes 73.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE moved that the commit-
tee rise; which motion was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stephens , of Georgia, to strike out the clause
with regard to the Collins line, and it was dis-
agreed to. , .
Mr. ORR. I offer, as a substitute for the entire
clause, the following:
That there shall be allowed the Collins line of steal-
ers, for transporting the mails between the ports of New
York and Liverpool, for making twenty-six trips per annum,
at such times as the Postmaster General may direct, the
whole amountof postages received on mails carried by said
steamers to which the Post Office Department is entitled to
receive under our postal treaty with Great Britain: Pro-
videdThat the same shall be in heu of the compensation
now paid the CoUmsline of steamers under an existing con-
tract; And, provided further, That the owners of the said
Collins line shall consent to the arrangement herein pro-
vided. '
I thirik this system of the Government entering
into partnership with individuals in the construc-
tion and ownership of steamers for war purposes,
under pretense that they were to be used ;for mail
transports in time of peace, was wrong originally,
and if I had been a member I should have voted
against it in the first instance. I find, however,
that system fastened upon us so far as this Collins
line is concerned, by a contract which Lam willing
shall be executed by the Government in good
faith. They were to make, originally, twenty
trips annually, but at their own request, submitted
to the Postmaster General, they were permitted to
increase the trips to twenty-six. This gives them
a pretext for coming here and asking additional
compensation; and to carry out the original con-
tract in a spirit of generosity to them, 1 proposed
on yesterday to give them §19,250 per trip for the
six increased trips, that being the sum paid for
each of the twenty trips as the first contract stip-
ulated. The friends of the line, however, declined
to accept that amendment, and voted it down by a
decided majority. That vote indicated on their
part an unmistakable purpose to change the ori-
ginal contract entered into by the Government.
Well, sir, if this is to be the policy—if the ori-
ginal contract is to be varied at the solicitation of
Collins and his associates, then the faith of the
Government no longer stands pledged to them,
and in entering into a new contract, this Govern-
ment should so construct it as to prevent it be-
coming so Heavy a charge upon the Treasury. I
insist this Congress shall make now a better ar-
rangement than the previous one, and for one 1
am utterly opposed to placing any obstacles what-
ever in the way of Collins renouncing or aban-
doning the original contract.
The new contract I now offer Collins is found
in the amendment. It proposes to give the line
the. whole proceeds of the postage on the mails car-
ried by them between New York and Liverpool,
which is a more liberal allowance than most mail
contractors receive from the Post Office Depart-
ment, and my proposition not recognizing their
vessels as war steamers allows them the privilege
of carrying the mails in any description of vessels
they may choose. I suppose it is almost idle to
assume, with any degree of seriousness upon this
floor, that these vessels are well adapted for war
purposes, or that they could ever be converted into
efficient war steamers. We are to regard this,
therefore, merely as a Post Office arrangement for
the transportation of the United States mail. And
let me ask members upon this floor when they de-
sire to have a horse mad route established from
one point to another within their districts, costing
$50 or §100, whether or not it is the policy of the
Post Office Department to allow such route to be
established unless there is a reasonable probability
that the postages received will defray the expenses
of the transportation. Why is a different rule to
prevail with reference to these steamers ?
Gentlemen talk about building up a steam navy,
to be used for war purposes in the event of war.
Why, Mr. Chairman, I do not profess to be
thoroughly informed upon this subject, but so far
as my investigation has gone, there is not a single
officer of the British navy—and many of them
have been examined before a committee of the
House of Commons, the British Government hav-
ing entered largely into contracts with individuals
for transporting their ocean mails on steamers
which it was once supposed could be readily con-
verted into efficient war steamers—that has ven-
tured to express any other opinion than that
sifth vessels are noUwell suited for war purposes;
that the side-wheel steamers witlvthe machinery
above the water line, such as the Collins steamers,
cannot be relied on in, naval warfare. Two shots
from the vessel of .an enemy could entirely disable
them, should they happen to strike the wheels,
leaving the vessel to the mercy of the waves and
the guns of the enemy, the machinery being im-
potent for an advance or retreat. The screw-pro-
peller is the only steamer adapted for such pur-
poses, if the testimony of all the British naval offi-
cers, and a majority of our own, is to be credited.
It may be said—and the argument was used in the
other end of the Capitol, by a distinguished Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]—that the Col-
lins steamers would be useful for transporting
troops, supplies, munitions of war, &c. Now, I
ask whether you want these splendid Colling
steam'ers, described by myfriend from Kentucky,
[Mr. IVUspN,] with chandeliers, mirrors costing
thousands of dollars, Brussels tapestry and car-
pets, mahogany and rosewood furniture, for trans-
porting beef, pork, bacon, flour, beans, and-corn-
meal? It would be a novel spectacle to seethe
superb state-rooms of the Baltic filled with barrels
of pickled pork, and the saloons with rusty bacon
sides. But these vessels never will be needed for
transport ships. If you get into war with an
enemy having a strong naval power, your mer-
chant vessels—sailing and steamers—will be driven
into port, and you can get hundreds of them for
transportation purposes.
But, sir, we have been told with emphasis to
make this appropriation, that it will not do for us
to beoutstripped by the British Government. The
national honor is, in this argument, reduced to a
small point; it is made to depend on Bur keeping
file Collins steamers, although at a cost of nearly
a million annually, running between New York
and Liverpool, because they have beat the Cunard
line, owned by British subjects, a few hours in a
voyage of 3,000 miles. Do you want to keep up
with the British Government in her extravagance?
In her system of bounties, of favoritism to the
few, in her tax^ion of the toiling millions? Do
you want to have her pension system? Her re-
tired list, not only from the army and navy, but
from civil life? Do you want to have her public
debt? Imitate Great Britain, and you will have
all these delectable luxuries to feast your constit-
uents upon. Much of the prosperity and glory
of America is traceable to the fact, that our states-
men, in legislating, have heretofore studiously
avoided following the example she has set, and
have shunned the ruinousjiolicy she has pursued
towards her oppressed subjects.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I am very anxious to have
the vote taken upon this subject, and 1 will state
the grounds of my opposition to the proposition
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
in a very few words. I have heard it intimated
this morning that there was no evidence that these
steamers were fit for war purposes. Let me say
to gentlemen, that if they had examined the Ex-
ecutive documents sent to Congress this session,
they would have found there the testimony of one
of the highest officers of the American Navy, to
the effect that these steamers'were fit for war pur-
poses. I have the document before me, and I
will read from it. It is Executive document No-.
50, sent to the Senate, the report of the Secretary
of the Navy in relation to ocean steamers in the
employment of the United States. I find a letter
from Commodore Perry, addressed to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, which I have-not time to read
in full. 'I will read, however, a few sentences
from it, which give the contradiction, in so many
words, to the declaration which has been made so
repeatedly by intelligent gentlemen upon this floor,
that these steamers are unfit for war purposes.
Here is the extract from Commodore Perry's let-
ter to the Secretary of the Navy, dated February
18, 1852:
" I now proceed to reply to the first division of the in-
quiry, as follows:
11 Question first. 1 Whether the steamships employed in
the transportation of the United States mail,under con-*
tract with the Navy ^Department, or any other steamships
employed in the transportation of our foreign mails, aie in
all respects suitable for immediate conversion into steamers
for war purposes, capable of carrying the armament or bat ■
tery appropiiate to the class specified in the contract?'
"In answer to the foregoing (first) question, I am of
opinion that they are not, m all respects, suitable.
