1736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 80, noes 74.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stuart) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and partic-
ularly the amendments of the Senate to the defi-
ciency bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
On motion-by Mr. FLORENCE,''
The House then adjourned until Monday, at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
* Monday, July 12, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a,communication from the War Department,
made ift compliance with a resolution of the 25th
May last, requiring statements of the amounts ex-
pended for printing, binding, and public advertis-
ing, executed by order of that Department, from
the 4th March, 1849, up to 2&th May, 1852; which
was ordered to belaid on the table and printed.
Mr. CLARKE.' Mr. President, I have been
requested to present to the Senate some resolutions
that have been passed by the corporate authorities
of the city of Georgetown, remonstrating against
the reconstruction of the Potomac Bridge on its
present site, and recommending some point above
that city as a suitable location. I think it would
be better to have them read, and then referred to
the Committee on fW District of Columbia.
The resolutions were accordingly read, and so
referred.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have a petition,
signed by a large number of the principal mer-
chants and ship-owneisof Boston, Massachusetts,
setting forth that this Government has never re-
cognized the independence of the Government of
Hayti. They go on to represent the magnitude
of the commerce of the United States engaged in
the trade with that country, and the importance of
that trade; and they pray that this Government re-
cognize it as an independent State, they deeming
it essential to the interests of the commerce of the
country that it should receive the protection which
grows out of that consideration. I move to refer
the memorial, without reading, to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
It was so referred.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of citizens
of Jacksonville, Illinois, and a petition of citizens
of the city of New York, praying Congress to pass
the bill commonly known as the " homestead
bill;" which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
William D. Arnett, who complains of the heavy
fees charged to persons who make applications for
patents, praying that suitable persons beappointed
in the Patent Office to consult and advise with in-
ventors about to apply for patents; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Harlow Spaulding, praying compensation for ser-
vices as acting naval storekeeper at Spezia from
1847 to 1851; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of
Samuel H. Hempstead, praying compensation for
services rendered as district attorney under the
act of 17th of June, 1844, in defending claims to
lands in Arkansas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. llAMLIN presented a petition of citizens"
of Bangor, Maine, praying that the bill granting
land to the Stales for railroads, and for other pur-
poses, may become a law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CiiASE presented eleven petitions of citi-
zens of .Ohio, praying that the bill now before
Congress, known as the "homestead bill," may
become a law; which were referred to the Com-
millee on Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Daniel
Seirle & Co., mail contractors, praying compen-
sation for additional services required of them by
the Post Oi'Hce Department; which was referred to !
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, i
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.^
Mr. MILLER, from' the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which were referred the memorial and
papers of Edwin Lord and Francis Bacon, pray-
ing a release from certain judgments obtained in
favor of the United States on bonds given for
duties on goods imported prior to 1839, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
PENSION AND BQUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. GEYER, from theCommittee on Pensions,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to purchase
five hundred copies of the pension and bounty land taws,
with the opinions, decisions, and regulations in relation to
those laws, recently compiled by Mayo and Moulton:
Provided, The price does not exceed 50 per copy.
NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the erection of a custom-house at Waldoboio', Maine.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CLARKE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution directing
the Secretary of "War to cause the harbor and
river of Providence, in the State of Rhode Island,
to be surveyed, and an estimate made of the cost
of clearing out said harbor.
Mr. GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making a grant of land
for the construction of a canal from Tulare Lake
to the San Joaquin river, in the State of Califor-
nia.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally
read a third time and passed:
An act to regulate the terms of the district court
of the United States for the district of Iowa;
An act for the relief of the heiis and represent-
atives of the late Robert'Sewall;
An act to provide for the promotion of certain
officers in the Engineer, Topographical Engineer,
and Ordnance Corps; *
An act for the relief of John Duff; and
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to in-
corporate the Washington Gaslight Company,"
approved July 8, 1848.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE CHICAGO RIVER.
On the motion of Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill to authorize the
Mayor and Common Council of Chicago, Illinois,
to excavate a portion of the public reservation at
that place, with a view to the improvement of the
navigation of the Chicago river.
The bill was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the J/hole. It provides that
the corporate authorities of the city of Chicago
shall have authority to excavate such portion of
the reservation at Chicago, not exceeding the limits
described in their memorial of January 5,1852, as
may be necessary, according to the plan set forth
in the memorial, for the improvement of the Chi-
cago river.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
BILOXI BAY INDIANS.
On the motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, the joint
resolution authorizing the examination of the claims
of the Biloxi Bay Indians was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to, cause to be examined and reported upon, the
claim of that portion of the Choctaw Indians re-
siding east of the Mississippi river, known as the
Biloxi Bay Indians; and when it shall appear from
the evidence taken before, or reported by, the
former Choctaw Commissioner, that the claimants
were, at the date of the treaty, Choctaw heads of
families, residing within the Choctaw territory,
and had signified their intention to remain and be-
come citizens of the States, and to take reservations,
and that they resided on said lands for the. period
of five years next ensuing, or were dispossessed
by reason of the Government having disposed of
their lands, or on account of their fear of being
forcibly dispossessed, or through threats of per-
sons engaged in the emigration of the tribes; to i
allow and award to those, falling within this pro-
vision, 'certificates for like quantities of land, pro-
vided for others of the tribe under the third section
of the act of August 3, 1842—to be issued and
patented to them in full, without the restrictions
of the act of 1842, or the act of March 3, 1845.
Mr. FELCH. I should like to understand the
nature of the bill before us.
Mr. ADAMS. Tt is precisely in conformity
with what has been done in the ca&e of other In-
dians. Testimony was taken under a former
commissioner, but was not completed in time to
be reported by him before the expiration of the
law under which it was taken. The object of this
joint resolution is to authorize the Secretary of the
interior to act as if the law had not expired. It
only extends the time for the Secretary to investi-
gate and determine upon the testimony which has
been reported. The object is only to extend to
these Indians the same privilege which has been
extended to other Indians in the same condition.
•The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SUSPENDED LAND ENTRIES.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill to revive and continue in force for a
limited time, the provisions of an act relative to
suspended entries of the public lands.
It proposes to enact that the several provisions
of the act of August 3d, 1846, entitled "An act pro-
viding for the adjustment of all suspended preemp-
tion land claims in the several States and Territo-
ries" be continued in force for the term of one year
from the date of this act; and those provisions are
declared applicable as well to cases which were
inadvertently omitted to be acted on under that act,
as to those of like character and description which
have Jarisen between the date of that act and the
present time, and shall be regarded as applying
to locations of bounty land warrants, as well as
to ordinary entries or sales. It further provides
that in all cases where patents have been issued on
entries which were entitled to be confirmed under
said act, such patents may be surrendered, and the
officers, at the time of such surrender, who, by
said act of 1846, are constituted a board of adju-
dication are, by this act, authorized and empow-
ered to confirm such entries, and upon the can-
celing of the outstanding patent, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is to be authorized to
issue a new patent, on such confirmation, to the
persons who^fe title is confirmed to their heirs or
assigns.
Mr. FELCH. The act to which allusion is
made in this bill, has been extended in its opera-
tion, I believe, by two several acts. It is now
proposed merely to extend it for a further length
of time. When I drew up the bill in the first in-
stance, i framed it so as to provide for the exten-
sion of the act for the term of one year. I pro-
pose now to amend the bill, by striking out "one
year," and inserting " five-years." This bill is
merely intended to enable the Department to dis-
pose of many cases of conflicting land claims,
where land offices have been changed, or where,
from other causes, entry has been suspended,
without the necessity of coming to Congress in
every particular instance. The act has been found
to operate very beneficially heretofore, and having
expired, it is merely proposed to renew it.
Mr. DOWNS. I entirely approve of the amend-
ment which has been offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, but I could never
see any reason why the law should be limited at
all. The only purpose for which I rise now is to
inquire why it is that this law may not be perpet-
ual. Why should it be temporary ? Certainly it"
has been very useful heretofore, and constant ap-
plications are made here session after session for
its renewal. I really could never see why a law
so beneficial and so desirable, and which seemed
to be so necessary to carry on the land system
satisfactorily, should be made from time to time,
of temporary duration. I would therefore sug-
gest to the chairman, whether it would not be
better to strike out the limitation, and make the
bill perpetual.
Mr. FELCH. I do not see any good reason
why the law should not be made perpetual. The
fact is, however, that the cases are much less
numerous now than they were wlien the act waa
