1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
Its of civilized life, and embraced the Christian
religion. They were intitled to the same rights as
the native born citizens of Mexico, when Texas
seceded from Mexico. This was the state of things
that existed. Herlntiian relations were precisely
in that condition. The consequence was, that
when we became annexed to the United States,
this Goverement, by virtue of its Constitution,
and the federal compact, undertook to control and
provide for the Indians.
Now, I have no doubt Texas, if this Govern-
ment asked it, would part with a portion of its
territory for Indian purposes. But she would not
cede her jurisdiction over it except upon condition
that ceasing to be Indian territory, it should revert
to the State.
Now, as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] proposes, if the Government choose
to take all these Indians out of the State of Texas,
and place them upon some of the public domain
in New Mexico, we shall not object. But you
must take care of them in some way. If you do
not provide some forces, or some means to take
them off, we shall be driven to make war upon
them ourselves, and force them into New Mex-
ico. Then the Government cah settle them as it
pleases.
Mr. SACKETT. By the act of annexation of
Texas to this country, the lands within the juris-
diction of that State, belong to the State of Texas.
By what right, therefore, do we assume to give
jurisdiction, to give the right of occupancy, to give
possession, or title for any purpose whatever, to
any other power, or persons? Sir, we have no
such authority. What are the consequences to
grow out of the exercise of this power' The
lands of  hat State are pledged for the debts of
the State. What are the consequences to follow,
if we interpose and take the lands away from this
State, by the sovereign act of the Government?
We, at least, lay ourselves liable to the charge that
we intend thereby to assume the payment of this
debt, to the extent of the lands which we take
away, and which are already pledged as security
for the payment of the State debt.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I would like
10 ask the gentleman from New York, by what
authority we interfere with the Indian tribes in
New York, or with the lands of the Indians m
that State?
Mr. SACKETT. We have no original author-
ity to do it. The title is in the Indians by an
original right. Does the gentleman from Texas
iMr. Howard] concede the right of the United
States to take away a portion of our lands, and
give them to the Indians?
Mr. HOWARD. I expressly deny that; but
we have the right, under the Constitution, to reg-
ulate commerce with the Indians, and to regulate
indian affairs.
Mr. SACKETT. I see, sir, no escape from the
conclusion I have spoken of, if we undertake to
control and give posset-sionof these lands, as against
the authority of Texas. That is the point to be
met. We take away from the creditors of Texas
the security which the Republic of Texas gave to
those creditors. I think we are treading upon
dangerous ground, in the adoption of the amend-
ment. I hope it will not be adopted.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr, Howard, and it was not agreed
to.
Mr. EVANS. I move to diminish the appro-
priation 43,000. It is true, as stated by the gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Howard,] that by
the Spanish law no property ill lands in Tex-
as is recognized as being in the Indian tribes.
But the Indians did not help to n:).ke those Span-
ish laws. They themselves have always contend-
ed that they had the right to the lands, and they
have never recognized the binding force, or the
validity and obligation of those Spanish laws; and
every time you encroach upon what they assert
to be their rights—every time you go where there
is game, and drive them out, and deprive them,
by that means, of their subsistence—you get up an
enmity to the United States, which lias to be con-
trolled by your troops. I do not care whether
1 the Spanish laws recognize any right in them or
; not. ' The question is,' have they any right, or do
> they claim any right whereby their connections
1 with the United States are involved : It iti known
I to every bodv that they do. Our attention has been
! frequently called to it. .No one wants to depriveTex-
as of her land, or has any one ill feelings towards
Texas. Every one wants her to retain her right to
the lands, and pay her debts, and do with the land
what she pleoses. But I hope the gentleman from
Texas will allow this proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] or some propo-
sition similar to it, to prevail Let the Govern-
ment enter into some negotiation with the State of
Texas for the purpose of putting an end to these
difficulties. We are involved in the expenditure
of a vast sum of money every year on-accountof
Indian wars, on the borders of Texas, and it is a
notorious fact that many of these Indian wars,
perhaps I may say, in truth, all of them, have
grown out of conflicting claims between Texas
and the Indians. I do not say that their claims
are just; but they think that they have a title, and
a right, and they seek to assert and enforce that
right by carrying off Texan property, or commit-
ting other depredations, which the Government of
the United States are bound to redress.
Now, m order to do this thing as cheaply as'
possible, and get rid of this large expenditure in
which we are involved in the protection of Texas,
I suggest that gentlemen will allow this proposi-
tion to prevail. Let a negotiation be opened be-
tween the President of the United States and the
Government of Texas—not giving him authority,
however, to involve this country in debt without
the further action of Congress—and see if we
cannot set aside some lands upon which the In-
dians will rest satisfied, the property in which
shall, after the Indian occupancy ceases, revert to
Texas.
Mr. HOWARD. My friend from Maryland
[Mr. Evans] misunderstood me, if he undei-
stood me as being opposed to the proposition of
the honoiable gentleman fiom New Y'oik, [Mr.
Brooks.] 1 am quite willing that a negotiation
shall take place. I think it proper that it should:
but 1 wish it to be understood that it does not
proceed from Texas, but from this Government.
1 believe it necessary in order to the management
of our Indian relations in Texas. That is all I
have to say upon it.
Mr. EVANS. If you think it necessary, let
us have it. But when the gentleman said that
these Indians have no right of occupancy, I said
that they claimed the right.
Mr. HOWARD. That claim has no legal
foundation. We know that every European gov-
ernment, when it discovered a country, assumed
that it had title to the soil, and even went so far
as to reduce the Indians to slavery; and that that
is one of the best recognized principles of interna-
tional taw. The fact that the Indians have no title
has been recognized by the Supreme Court of the
United States m two o"r three different decisions.
The distinction between the regulation of Spain
and the regulation of England in relation to the
right of discovery, has been recognized by the
Government of the United States in treaties, and
in various other forms. All that I have to say is,
that the Government of the United States has as-
sumed, by virtue of annexation, the regulation of
the indian tribes. That is a part and parcel of
the compact. But that Texas \v ill be liberal m re-
lation to that matter, and is willing to meet the
Government of the United States more than half
wav, in a liberal adjustment and arrangement to
provide lor these Indians, is a fact that I know,
and which, no doubt, will be made apparent if
an amendment of this sort is put into this bill, or
in any other. But what I wish to be understood
as saymg is, ma
Texas invades no rights of the
Indians, and never has, either oy ner citizens or j
her government. _ J
Mr. EVANS. If there is no objection, 1 will
withdraw my amendment. ;
No objection being tnatle, the amendment was
withdrawn. i
Mr. FITCH. I offer the following  «le.
csent, of course of my own persona! responsibility,
and not as one of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. It is to come in in the one hundred and
Jghtv-st'-uiid line, after the word "presents.''
The amendment is as follows:
>125,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have listened to this debate
I relative to the Indians of Texas with no little in-
terest. 1 think there is some propriety in making
some other than the present disposition of theee
Indians—at least in getting them without the ju-
risdiction and the limits of Texas. I am not wil-
ling that Texas shall come up here with a prop-
osition for us to purchase another strip of her
territory, at a cost of ten or twelve miliums of
; dollars, for the purpose of giving possession of it
| to these Indians. The objections to accepting or
, acting upon such proposition, will be obvious at
! once to every member of the committee; and I
| fancy that this very provision, as it now stands,
- is only an entering wedge to a proposition of that
■ kind. Of course,an attempt to purchase r>f Texas
\ any portion of her territory for the Indians, or
j for any other purpose, reopens in part, at least,
: the sectional questions which we trust are now,
| for the time being, settled; for a " Wilmot pro-
viso" will immediately and warmly be sought to
be inserted in any such purchase, and as warrnly
resisted. I propose by this amendment that the
Government of the United States shall negotiate
directly with the Indians, and that Texas shall
have nothing to do with the negotiation. I be-
lieve that Texas desires to be a party to this nego-
tiation; but she will not necessarily be so, and
ought not to be. Texas acknowledges no right,
! on the part of the Indians, to this territory, and I
| do not wish to purchase the right. We can nego-
! tiate with the Indians themselves—negotiate for
1 their removal beyond the jurisdiction of Texas,
; and place them upon our territory, to which our
S title is indisputable, and where there shall he no
' authority to interfere with our control over them,
j Texas demands of us compensation for depre-
' dations which she charges are committed upon her
i citizens by the Indians within her borders, while
| at the same time, by refusing us jurisdiction over
the territory occupied by them, she practically
prevents us from so controllingthem as to prevent
1 their depredations. Under the existing state of
1 things, we cannot control them. We have-no
power over the territory occupied by them. Yet
Texas holds us responsible for their good beha-
vior, and claims of an enormous amount have been
presented, and are now pending before the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, for damages intUcted by
them upon her people. These claims, if allowed,
will be a source of .wealth to the citizens of Texas,
as another ten million purchase of territory will
he to her government. I desire to cut off both by
removing the Indians beyond her boundary, where
we can control them without asking the consent of
that State, and without purchasing that consent,
or any more of her territory.
Mr. HOWARD. Now*, if the gentleman is in
; earnest, and if it is the object—which it ought to
, be—of this" Government to place these Indians
| in some position where they can have a clear
I recognized right to location, I admit that it is a
sound and wise, policy. But I believe, further-
more, that if these Indians were taken to some
! parts of the territory of the United States, or m
: any other country where they can cultivate the
soil, and where they can be allowed to carry on
' the business of grazing, to which they are natu;
I rally adapted, they would in a short time become
j civilized; but in their present condition they must
be killed out, or removed from the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,]
by adding $5,000, which will make the whole sum
$30,000, appropriated towards the making of treat-
ies with these Indians, by which we shall remove
them. Now, I have never heard the suggestion
broached before, but it strikes me at once, if it
can be made practical, as the very best thing, in
regard to these Indians, which can be effected. I
fee! a little sore myself, and do not expect that I
shall ever get over it entirely, [laughter,] about
tlie 5-10,000,000 voted heietofore, with all the at-
tending circumstances; the whole matter was alto-
gether painful. I am opposed, then, it We can get
clear of these Indians, to taking fmin Texas any
more of her territory. The very bec,t disposition
that ran be made of these Indians, by this Gov-
ernment, will be to remove them beyond the limits
of Texas. This, then, is ail authority to proceed in
that direction if it be found practicable. This
• appropriation is proposed to be made towards that
purpose, that the department may be enabled to
proceed in the matter. But what, Mr. Chairman,
is our situation, if we do not take some step of the
kind ' Upon the table of the Committee of Indian
