1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1781
originally passed. I believe the adjudications, at
an early day under the first act, amounted to some
two or three thousand cases, which were reported
to Congress. I have no objection to increasing
the time to ten years, if the Senator prefers that,
or even to make the law perpetual,
Mr. DOWNS. Say ten years.
Mr. FELCH. I will modify my amendment
by inserting "ten years,"instead of " five years."
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the bill will be
postponed until to-fhorrow. It is one of consid-
erable interest to the new States and Territories.
I have not had an opportunity to look into it, and
I am anxious to confer with a member of the
House who has the subject under consideration,
to know whether it will meet certain suspended
entries. I move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. FELCH. I would suggest to the Senator,
to allow the bill to be ordered to its engrossment,
and then to-morrow, when it comes up upon its
passage, he can present his objections to it, ifhe has
any.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will-not be sub-
ject to amendment after it is engrossed.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
JAMES R. CREECY,
On the motion of Mr. GW1N, the bill for the
relief of Colonel James R. Creecy was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize the payment to
him of the sum of $552 50 in consideration of
money expended and services rendered by him in
raising a regiment for the Mexican war. The
bill was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
ELIZABETH F. THURSTON.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hays, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed a joint resolution for
the relief of Elizabeth F. Thurston, of the Terri-
tory of Oregon.
It was read a first and second time.
Mr. DOUG-LA-S. I ask that the resolution be
now considered. I will explain its provisions.
Mr. Thurston was a Delegate from the Territory
of Oregon in the last Congress. Before he started
for home, he franked documents and booksprinted
by order of Congress to himself in Oregon. On
his way home he died. The postmaster in Ore-
gon refused to deliver up the books to his widow,
and this resolution is simply to authorize the
postmaster to deliver them to Mrs. Thurston. I
hope it will be passed immediately.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that: whereas Samuel R.
Thurston, deceased, late Delegate in Congress
from the Territory of Oregon, did, during the pe-
riod of his official term, frank to Lynn City, in
that Territory, to the address of himself and wife,
sundry books and documents; and whereas the act-
ing deputy postmaster at Lynn City refused to
deliver them up to Elizabeth F. Thurston, his
widow, under the allegation that the same were
improperly franked, and demanding the payment
of postage as a condition precedent to their deliv-
ery,—the Postmaster General be directed to cause
the acting deputy postmaster at Lynn City, in the
Territory of Oregon, to deliver up to Elizabetlx-JF.
Thurston, widow of Samuel R. Thurston, de-
ceased, all such books and documents so withheld,
franked by, and belonging to Samuel R. Thurs-
ton, without post office or other charges thereon.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time and passed.
ISAAC COBB.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee ofthe Whole, to consider
the bill of the House of Representatives for the
relief of Isaac Cobb. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of Isaac
Cobb, of Abbot, in the State of Maine, on thepen-
sion list, at the rate of g24 per annum, commencing
on the 4th of March, 1841, and to continue during
his natural life.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill has at two or three
different times passed the House of Representa-
tives, but has never before been reached in the
Senate. It has been, at this session, passed very
early by the House. It allows only one fourth of
a full pension, and has been recommended by the
Commissioner of Pensions, and 1 hope there will
be no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time and passed.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMBOATS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam," the question pending being upon
the amendment made in Committee of the Whole
to insert the following additional sections:
Sec. 4*2. Jlnd Ic itfwther enacted, That the supervising
inspectors appointed under the provisions of this act, shall,
within then respective districts, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, take the examination, or receive
the statements in writing, ot persons of practical knowledge
and experience in the navigation of steam-vessels, the con-
struction and use of boiler?, engines, machinery, and equip-
merits, touching the form, material, and construction ot en-
gines and then appuitenances: thecauses of the explosion
of boilers, and collapse of flues, and the means of preven-
tion ; the kind and description of safety-valves, water and
steaui gauges or indicators; equipments tor extinguishment
of fires, and for the preservation of life in case ot accident,
oil board of such vessels, and all other means in use or proper
to be adopted, for the better secuiuy of the lives of persons
on board vessels propelled in whole 01 in paitby steam; the
advantages and disadvantages of the ditferent descriptions
of boilers, engines and their appurtenances, safety-valves,
water and steaih-gauget or indicator, equipments for the
prevention or extinguishment of fires, and the preseivation
of life in case of accident, in use on board such vessels;
whether any and what further legislation is itecessary or
pioper for "the better security ot' the lives of persons on
board such steam-vessels ; which examination and state-
ments so taken and received shall be transmitted to the
Secretary of the Trea&ury, at such time as he shah pre-
scribe.
Sec. 43. Jin d be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty ot the Secretary of the Treasury to cause such inter-
rogatories to be prepared and published as in his opinion
may be proper to elicit the mroimation contemplated by the
preceding section, and upon the receipt of the examination
and statements taken by the inspectors, bhall report the
same to Congress, together with the lecommendation of
such further provisions as he may deem proper to be made
for the better security ot the lives of persons on board steam
vessels.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert, as section forty-four, the
following:
Sec. 44. Jlndbe it further enacted, That all penalties
imposed by this act may be recovered in an action of debt,
by any person who will sue therefor in any court of the
United Sidles.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole, were to insert:
See. 45. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That all parts of
laws heretofore made, which are superseded by or are in-
consistent with this act, are heieby repealed.
Sec. 46. Jlndbeit further enacted, That all parts of this
act shall be in force on the 1st day of November next, ex-
cept the requirement to have pumps and hose to extinguish
fires, and life-boats, which shall take effect 011 the latday
of Januar}' next
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The twenty-eighth sec-
tion was amended on a previous day, and passed
over. It was now again considered. That sec-
tion as amended is as follows:
" Sec. 23. Jlndbe it further enacted. That the collector
or other chief otficer ofthe customs, shall retain 011 file all
original certificate* of the inspectors required by this act
to be delivered to him, and shall give to the master or
owner of the vessel therein named, two certified copies
thereof, one of which shall be placed by such master or
owner iu some conspicuous place in the vessel, where it
will be most likely to be observed by passengers and others,
and there kept at all times during a vo>age, and while such
vessel is receiving freight or passengers; the other shall be
retained by such master or owner as evidence of the au-
thority thereby confened; and if any person shall receive
or cany any passenger on board any such steamer not hav-
ing a coitificate of approval, as required by this act, and a
certified copy thereof, placed and kept as afoiesaid; or
who shall u-ceive or cany any gunpowder, oil of turpen-
tine, 01) of vituol, camphene, 01 othei explosive burning
fluid or matenals which ignite by faction, as fieight 011
bo aid any steamer cairymg passengers, not having a cer-
tificate authorizing the same, and a certified copy thereof
placed and kept as aforesaid, or who shall stow or carry
any of said articles, at a place or 111 a manner not author-
ized bv such certificate, shall forfeit and pay tor each
offense one hundred doilais, to be recovered by action of
debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.57
Mr. GEYER. At the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, I propose further to
• amend the section by strikingoutthe words "during
a voyage and while such vessel is receiving freight
or passengers." The object of the amendment.is
to require the certificates to bfe kept up at all time^
after they are delivered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I have another amendment Ho
offer to the same section—to insert between •* a"
and <s certificate" the words "certified copy of
the;" and to strike out after the word " act" the
words " and a certified copy thereof."
This section as it stands, provides that the own-
ers shall be subjected to penalties for navigating
vessels unless they keep exposed the certificate of
inspection and a copy thereof. I prop6se to re-
quire only a certified copy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The section as it now stands is as follows:
" Sec. 28. JUnd be it further enacted, That the collector
or other chief officer of the customs shall retain on file all
original certificates of the inspectors required by this act to
be delivered to him, and shall give to the master or owner
of the vessel therein-named two certified copies thereof, one
of which shall be placed by such ma=ter or owner in some
conspicuous place in the vessel, where it will be most likely
to be observed by passengers and others, and there kept at
all times; the other shall be retained hvsuch master or
owner as evidence of the authority theieby conferred ; and
if any person shall receive or carry any passenger on board
any such steamer not having a certified copy of the certifi-
cate of approval, as reijuned by this act, placed and kept
a? aforesaid; or who shall receive, or carry any gunpowder,
oil of turpentine, oil of vitriol, camphene, or other explo-
sive burning fluid, or mateiials which ignite by friction, as
freight on board any steamer carrying passengers, not hav-
ing a certificate authorizing the same^ and a certified copy
thereof placed and kept as aforesaid ; or who shall sfow or
carry any of said articles, at a place or in a manner not
authorized by such ceitifieate, shall forfeit and pay for each
offense one hundred dollars, to be recovered by action of
debt m any corn t of competent jurisdiction."
Mr. DAVIS. On looking over the bill, I was
surprised to find that there was an omission which
I supposed had been supplied. The intention was
that this bill should not apply to the public vessels
of the United States, or to vessels coming from
foreign countries, I therefore offer the following
amendment as an additional section, to come in
before the present section forty-one:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That this aot shall not apply
to public vessels of the United States, or vessels of other
countries.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I wish to offer an amendment to
the ninth section, relative to the duties of inspect-
ors, so as to place the construction of the bill out
of doubt. It is to strike out the word 44 such,"
and insert " all;" so that it will read: " they shall
also, once in every six months, inspect the boilers
of all steamers," &c.
The amendment was agreed £0.
Mr. DAYIS. For a Tike purpose, I move to
insert " for one year," so as to authorize the in-
spectors, if satisfied that an* applicant for pilot is
qualified, to " give him a certificate to that effect,
authorizing him to be a pilot within the limits
prescribed in the certificate for one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to amend section twenty,
which provides for the compensation of the super-
vising inspectors, by inserting after the words
" traveling expenses" the words, 4'and thfi actual
' reasonable expenses, both to them and to other
4 inspectors, of transporting from place to place
' instruments used in inspections." The object is
to cover a little expense that may be necessary in
transporting from place to place the instruments
used in making test trials.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the thirty-sixth
section, by inserting the word " each" alter the
word " shall,"so thatit will read: " the inspectors
in the following districts shall each be allowed,"
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The fourth section of the bill
now provides—
"That every such vessel, carrying passengers, shall have
at least two boats, supplied with oars, in good condition at
all times for service; one of which boats shall be a metallic
life-boat, fire-proof, of approved model,not less thantwen-
ty-five feet long, six feet ^ix inches wide, and two feet deep,
and m all ipspects a good, substantial, safe sea-boat, capa-
ble of sustaining, inside and outside, fifty persons."
I move to amend this provision by striking out
all after the word " service," down to and includ-
ing the word "deep*," and after the word "re-
spects" strike out " a;" and after the word per-
sons" insert " each;" so that it may read—
That every such vessel, carrying passengers, shall have
