1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
at least two boats, supplied with oars, in good condition at
all times for service, and in ali respects good, substantial,
safe sea-boats, capable of sustaining, inside and, outside,
fifty persons eacli.
I offer this amendment to avoid what I under-
stand to be the effect of the bill, whicfyis to com-
pel everybody to buy Francis's metallic life-
boats. The question was suggested the other day
by the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bkudhead;] and the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] who has charge of the
bill, said it was not the intention of theframers of
the bill to .compel the owners of steamboats to buy
these particular metallic boats. It is well enough
known to all of us, that when the.eourts come to
construe this act, if it ever becomes a law, they
will not ask what the honorable Senator" who had
charge of the bill meant, but they will ask what
the bill itself means.
_ Now, I understand that there is but one metal-
lic lifer-boat known in thecountry; and I under-
stand further—and if I am in error in this, I would
like to be corrected—that that metallic life-boat is
a patented boat, known as " Francis's metallic
life-boat;" that its model and size, as to length,
and depth, and width, are iust exactly and pre-
cisely, to a foot, and an inch, what is prescribed
here as the necessary length, depth, and breadth
.which these boats are obliged to be; that is,
twenty-five feet long, six feet six inches wide, and
two feet deep. I do not know that the informa-
tion which I have is correct, but I am told by those
who pretend to know, that the description covers
exactly Francis's life-boats.
If the bill is amended in the manner in which I
propose, then the provision compulsory upon
steamboat owners to buy Francis's metallic life-
boats will be left out, and they will be left at lib-
erty to purchase the best boats that can be bought
for the purpose. I think that this, if nothing else
in the bill, may be left to those inspectors who are
provided for in this bill.
I am told further, by gentlemen who have some
Eradical knowledge upon this subject, and who
ave not been specially consulted as to the partic-
ulars that were to be put into the bill, that the size
of these boats would be very inconvenient to some
steamboats in some waters that are nol rivers;
that is, that there are some steamboats navigating
some bays and inlets of large bodies of water,
which would—instead of being benefited and made
moresafefor thelivesof passengers by having such
boats—be actually incommoded, hindered, and
obstructed by them. It will be seen that the bill
makes no sort of provision that the life-boat shall
bear any proportion to the length of the steamboat.
No matter how small the steamboat is, she must
have a metallic life-boat twenty-five feet long, six
feet six inches wide, and two feet deep. Itisthat
provision to which I object; and this amendment
brings up the whole question, whether the Senate
will compel all the steamboat proprietors in the
United States to purchase Francis's metallic life-
boat.
It strikes me that the bill is obnoxious and liable
to this objection. Now I think, with all defer-
ence, that Senators had better advise themselves a
little more as to what is a life-boat, and what con-
stitutes a safe, manageable, and reliable life-boat,
before they compel the whole country to purchase
Francis's boat. If I am not misinformed, it is the
opinion of some of the most practical men of the
country, that this is no life-boat at all; and that
without other equipments, accompaniments, or
accoutrements, it is not a safe boat, and cannot be
relied on. I may give as an instance, an individ-
ual whose name I suppose is known to a great
many members of the Senate, who has sustained
that opinion. Captain Forbes, of Massachusetts,
I understand, gives that as his opinion. The
amendment which I have oil'ered raises the ques-
tion, whether we shall compel persons to purchase
that boat.
Mr. DAVIS. The remarks of the Senator
from New Hampshire require a word or two of
explanation. I think that if the gentleman had a
little more faith in those who have examined the
subject, and if he were a little less influenced by
speculations made in the lobby, he would be more
likely to arrive at correct and sound results. I
take it to be a matter too clear to admit of contro-
versy that the construction of such a life-boat
as the bill refers to, and which should be, in every
sense of the word, a good and sufficient life-boat,
cannot be possibly an infringement of the patent
of Mr. Francis. I have had occasion to know
that such is the case from various interviews with
that gentleman, and also with the gentleman with
whom, as I suppese from his remarks, the Senator
from New Hampshire has consulted. I have had
them both before me; and I know how anxious
both are that Congress should adopt a provision
compelling the purchase of a patented article. It
has been my intention to steer clear of such a
proposition, and to. leave the supply of these-boats
open to competition. I have been assured again
and again by Mr. Francis that he does not claim
to be the s_ole patentee of the metallic life-boat,
but that he claims to be merely the patentee of a
peculiar kind of life-boat. I do not propose to
compel any steamboat owner to purchase a boat
of that structure. I have been careful in that re-
spect, and have no doubt at all as to the construc-
tion that will be generally put upon that section of
the bill. I am actuated by a principle that I avowed
here on Friday; that is, that we should not intro-
duce any clause into our legislation which would
have the effect of compelling a person to purchase
any article of a particular individual.
The Senator says, " How is it that I adopted
just the dimensions of the life-boat registered by
Mr. Francis in the Patent Office ?" If the Sena-
tor is correct, and the dimensions mentioned here
are similar to those in Mr. Francis's patent, it
does not follow that I am indebted to him for them.
I obtained them more than a year ago from a dis-
tinguished officer of the Navy, to whom I ad-
dressed a letter requesting information as to the
proper dimensions. That officer, who is now in
this city, -and at the head of a bureau, sent the
information I desired, and I adopted it at once,
feeling more safety in trusting to his judgment
than to my own. I think it is a material point to
stipulate that the boat should not be of a less size
than that mentioned in the bill, for a boat of con-
siderable size possesses many great advantages.
She is safer, and more capable of performing the
service required of her, than a small boat in a
rough sea; and it is well known that these limall
boats, on many occasions, have proved not only
inefficient but dangerous. Forthis reason I thought
it best that we should adopt such a size as was
adequate in the judgment of able and experienced
men.
The Senator says that in some cases—for in-
stance in rivers—it would not be safe for steamers
to carry several boats of this large size; but I think
I have rendered the observation unnecessary, hav-
ing provided that vessels navigating interior waters
and still waters should be compelled by the in-
spectors to carry but one life-boat, of proper di-
mensions, and made of metal.
Mr. HALE. Where is that provision made?
Mr. .GEYER. In the fourth section.
Mr. DAVIS. It is is in these words:
" Provided, however, That ferry and tow-boats shall be
exempt from the obligation to carry the life-boats herein pro-
vided for; and the inspectors are hereby authorized to grant
a like dispensation to steamers of light draught, navigating
small or shallow rivers, and also to allow,any other steam-
ers navigating rivers only to carry but one life-boat, tile same
being of suitable model and dimensions, and made of
metal."
I thought that I had made all the accommoda-
tion which could be reqi^red, when I provided
that the smaller class of boats should be freed from
the operation of this bill, in that respect, and in
the other cases referred to in the proviso, having
granted the inspectors a discretionary power.
Now, on this point, Mr. President, allow me to
say one word. I put it to you, and I put it to the
Senate, whether suitable and adequate provisions
were ever made for the preservation of life, by any
measures which have hitherto been adopted ? Look
into the statistics which have been furnished from
the Treasury Department, and see what an im-
mense sacrifice of human life there has been in
cases where steamboats have been wrecked in our
rivers by snags or by rocks, or where they have
been destroyed by fire. The sacrifice of life is
generally enormous, and in almost all these cases,
so far as I have been able to trace out the particu-
lars of their history, that loss of life has been
owing to the want of proper and suitable means
to take passengers from the boats to the shore, al-
though the wrecked or burning steamboat might
be within a very short distance of the shore. It
is but a short time since a boat was destroyed upon
Lake Erie, and although she was so near the shore
as actually to run aground, two hundred and fifty-
persons perished for the want of suitable means *
of escaping to the shore. Ifrhas been against ac-
cidents of this sort that t have endeavored to pro-
vide in this bill. Some suitable means are neces-
sary to take passengers to the shore, however near
the boat may be, and that is all that I wish to in-
sure by this provision. I had no idea in my mind
of introducing into the bill anything that should
encumber the commerce of the country, or cause
• any inconvenience to the provisions of commercial
business. Hence, after this bill was drafted, I
was induced to make some modification, and to
leave it in the discretion of inspectors of boats,
whether they should carry more than one life-boat
upon the steamboats navigating the rivers. I have
stated my reasons for requiring metallic life-boats.
In the first place, they endure a much longer
service; in the next place, they will never leak, if
properly made; in the last place, they are incom-
bustible in their character, and meet all those con-
tingencies which spring up where it- is necessary
to escape from a burning boat. I have left the
provisions of the bill so that the gunwales may
be constructed with such floats as they see fit to
use.
If Mr. Stanton, with his vulcanized float, as he
calls it, can turn any vessel into a life-boat—as he
says he can—if a metallic boat, or any other struc-
ture sustained by these floats, will, in the judg-
ment of the inspectors, answer the purpose, they
will pass theiii, and if not, they will not pass
them. I would rather have the question settled
by the inspectors, than to undertake to settle that
complicated question here in the Senate.
Mr. HALE. The very object of the Senator
from Massachusetts is the object at which I am
aiming. I would remark, however, that I was a
little surprised that he should say I had not taken
pains to inform myself in regard to this matter by
other means than by consulting with persons in
the lobby. Sir, if the Senator from Massachu-
setts has not had behind and around him a whole
corps of persons with whom he has been in
consultation 
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; but they were not pat-
entees.
Mr. HALE. I did not say whether they were
patentees or not; neither did the Senator from
Massachusetts. The honorable Senator has not
answered the objection which I made. He has
described a metallic life-boat, so many feet long,
and so many feet and inches wide, and so many
feet deep. I am told, by a reference to the Patent
Office, that exactly such a boat as that described
in the bill—or so nearly so that it varies only one
inch—is a-boat which has been patented. The
honorable Senator says that he did not obtain his
dimensions there, but from an officer of the Navy.
I have been told—and I have no doubt it is the
fact—that these are the dimensions of Mr. Fran-
cis's life-boat. If it is, then you compel these
gentlemen to get a metallic life-boat, answering, in
every particular, to the length, width, and depth
of Mr. Francis's life-boat. Well, sir, what makes
it a life-boat? There is but one metallic life-boat,
that I know of, and that is the one having air
chambers in it. Then it seems to me that, by this
section, as it now stands, you compel all owners
of steamboats to purchase this very boat. I want
to strike all that out, and leave it to the owners of
steamboats, and others concerned, to get the best
boats they can. I want to leave them at liberty in
this respect. I do not want to give them Hob-
son's choice—take this or nothing. The honor-
able Senator, no doubt, got his information from
somebody who is not a patentee in regard to the
proper dimensions of this metallic life-boat; but not-
withstanding that, it appears to me that he has got
in the bill just precisely such a provision as will
compel everybody concerned to purchase this boat,
and no other, whether it should turn out, on in-
vestigation, to be the best boat or not; and that is
a provision which I want the Senate to refuse to
adhere to. Let them have two boats, the best that
can be found, composed either of metal, or of any
other material, as the inspectors may think best.
But if we are to compel this particular patented
boat to be used, then say so at once, and right
out; and do not indicate it by giving the precise
dimensions of this boat, as well as the material of
which it is made.
But, sir, this bill appears to me to tie liable to
another objection. It provides that there shall be
