1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1739
two boats, one of them of a given size, but the other
may be no larger than the hull of an acorn:
" Every vessel, carrying passengers, shall have at least
two boats supplied with oars, in good condition at all times
for service, one of which boats shall be a metallic life-
boat, fire-proof, of approved model, not less than twenty-
five feet long, six feet six inches wide, and two feet deep,
and in all respects a good, substantial, safe sea-boat, capa-
ble of sustaining inside and outside fifty persons, with life-
lines attached to the gunwale."
Such is the language of the bill as it now stands.
Thus, while you have all the dimensions of one
boat, with a variety of other particulars in regard
to what it shall be, there is no description what-
ever of what the other boat shall be. Now, I will
ask the Secretary to read from the desk the amend-
ment as I propose it.
The amendment was read by the Secretary, as
follows:
Strike out of the fourth section, lines four, five, and six,
the following words:
One of which boats shall be a metallic life-boat, fire-
proof, of approved model, not less than twenty-five feet
long, six feet six inches wide, and two feet deep.
Mr. HALE. Now read that part of the sec-
tion as it will read with the omission of these
words.
That portion of the section was accordingly
read, as follows:
" That every siich vessel, carrying passengers, shall have
at least two boats supplied with oars, in good condition at
all times for service, and m all respects be good, substan-
tial, safe sea-boats, each capable of sustaining fifty per-
sons," &c.
Mr. HALE. Should the Senate see fit to adopt
this amendment, it will throw the whole thing
open; it will give the inspectors the discretion of
taking what they believe to be the best boats. It
may be possible to amend the bill in other re-
spects, but in regard to these boats I propose to
give the widest latitude—the world at large—to
get these boats from, so that the best may be had,
and not to confine the selection to this one par-
ticular boat of the dimensions prescribed in the
bill. I charge upon the bill that it compels every
man who owns or sails a steamboat, whether he
will or not, to purchase the patented life-boat of
Mr. Francis; and the Senate has already declared
that it is not their intention to pass a provision
having such a meaning, or that they should be
compelled to purchase any patented article. But
if the Senate insist upon the principle that they
will compel the best article to be bought, whether
it is patented or not, then I have an argument
with them as to whether this boat of Mr. Francis
is the best that can be got. Till that, however, is
settled, I have nothing in the world to say. I
think the best way would be to leave the whole
subject open.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire does not understand the. purpose
aimed at in drawing this section of the bill. 1
suppose that every steamer which floats carries at
least one boat; ordinarily, 1 believe, they carry
two. This provision requires that they shall have
two, one of which at least shall be a life-boat, and
made of metal. I did not undertake to prescribe the
dimensions of the other boat, for this reason: that
is the boat in the ordinary use of the vessel, and
those who navigate the vessel are the best judges
of the dimensions and character of the boat which
they wish to employ in daily service. I leave
that to their judgment, for the very obvious reason
that they are the best judges of what suits their
convenience. A boat of the size which the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire intends to provide,
competent to carry fifty persons, with life-lines
attached to thegunwales, would be a very inconve-
nient boat for the ordinary service of a steamer,
and therefore it is that T think that portion of the
bill should not be changed, and that the owners or
masters of vessels should be left to determine upon
the size of the boat employed in ordinary service.
The Senator leaves out of sight the fact that for
every addition of fifty persons, we require an ad-
ditional life-boat, except upon the rivers, made to
carry at least fifty persons. _We, however, re-
quire but one boat to be metallic, leaving it at the
option of those who furnish the boats to have
them of metal or of wood, only requiring that
they shall be safe boats, and capable of carrying
fifty persons. This is putting to a close shift
enough to sustain life, and you necessarily will
put a portion of them even then into the water
upon the life-lines. It was never supposed that
all could, in every case', be sustained by boats, but
that the weaker, the children and the females,
and those who would be incompetent to sustain
themselves in the water, might take their posi-
tion in the boats. The very terms in which the
provision is expressed show that it will be in many
cases, and in many circumstances, impossible
to save life in- the way that it is desirable. The
provision is not large enough for it. The only
cases in which the life-boat for every fifty person's
is dispensed with, is upon the rivers, and where
the inspectors shall be satisfied that the other pro-
visions made by the owners are adequate and am-
ple for the preservation of human life. The
reason why 1 do not go on and require an addi-
tional boat for each addition of fifty persons, in
boats navigating the rivers, is this: It is said that
it will be an encumbrance to vessels. To vessels
of a large size I am aware that it would be an en-
cumbrance to have to carry a life-boat for each of
the fifty passengers on board. I leave it, there-
fore, to the judgment of the inspectors who are
upon the spot, and who can see what provisions
are made for the preservation of life, and who un-
derstand that they are required to see that they
are ample. If they are satisfied with the descrip-
tion of means for escape, required by this act,
then we are content that they shall say that the
vessel shall engage in business with other means
for the preservation of the lives of passengers.
But I do think the Senate should make some suit-
able and adequate provision for the preservation
of life, the destruction of which has been enor-
mous; and it is quite time that some provision
was made for its better protection. Before the
Senate strikes out the provision requiring a metal-
lic life-boat, I hope they will consider the matter
well, and not be carried away with the idea that
the bill subjects the owners of boats to purchase
such life-boats as are patented. 1 do not under-
stand it so at all. If it was so, I should ask to
have this very provision struck out. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says, that thisprovis-
ion^vill require the purchase of a patented boat.
But what evidence does he bring that it is so ?
He says the dimensions of the boat as described
in the bill are precisely the same as those of a
particular patented boat. Suppose that is true.
Does he undertake to say that any man can pat-
ent the size of a boat? No man undertakes such
a thing as that. That is out of his reach. This
size is taken because it is a convenient one for
this particular purpose.
I should not have the least objection to varying
the dimensions, provided it can be done without
impairing the usefulness of the boat. Experience,
I suppose, has shown that a boat of about that
size, is the right kind of boat for passing through
the surf and be employed in service of this de-
scription. I have also the word of Mr. Francis
himself, and made-complainingly, too, that the bill
does not touch his patent at all. He is a very re-
spectable man, and he was very anxious that 1
should embrace his patent. I have tried not to do j
it; and he says that the bill does not embrace it.
He has a boat which is patented, made of corru-
gated iron, made in a particular way, by which he
considers the iron is greatly strengthened. He has
said to me again and again, that the privilege of
making metallic life-b<&ts is open to all the world.
That is the way in which I understand it too.
There is no purpose of touching the patent of any
body. I meant to steer clear of the whole of that
thing, and I hope thermovision will be maintained.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Davis] has stated some of the reasons i
which would induce me to go with him in oppos- [
ing the amendment proposed by the Senator from >
New Hampshire. But there are some other rea- 1
sons to which he has not alluded, and to which I
will ask the attention of the Senate.
The bill has been prepared with great attention
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dams,]
and much credit is due to him for the degree of
perfection which it now possesses. In my judg-
raent there is no one provision of the bill of moie
importance in regard to the security of public life
than that one which provides that steamboats shall
be provided with fire-proof boats. If that is
stricken out I know of no other provision that may
not as well be erased. The Senator from New
Hampshire tells us that he designs to leave the
matter open; to give to parties the right of compe-
tition; or in other words, to leave it to the discre-
tion of the owners of the boat to say which is the
best for the purpose. If the argument of the Sen-
ator proves anything it proves altogether too'mueh.
It simply goes to the extent that you should place
no restriction upon tjhose who undertake the busi-
ness of transporting passengers from place to place,
but that he should be allowed to do everything'
according to the best mode which his 'judgment
may suggest. Now, it is to obviate that very
thing that the provisions and penalties in this bill
have been provided. It is for the purpose of com-
pelling those persons who own boats to have them
inspected by competent a«d disinterested persons
for the purpose of making them safe.for the pub-
lic.
If the Senator from New Hampshire had looked
into the statistics which have been collected in re-
gard to this matter, he would have found that, in
nearly one half of those instances in which boats
have been destroyed by fire, the great loss of life
has been caused by the want of fire-proof boats;
and yet, in the face of this, he would leave it open
to competition, and there might, after all, be no fire-
proof boat there, as it might not be in accordance
with the interests or the wishes of those who own
or sail the boat. I repeat, that this is one of the
most important provisions of the bill. It may not
be of such vital importance to vessels on our
rivers as to those upon the ocean and the lakes;""
but let those who have witnessed or heard of the
sad calamities from fire, where no metallic life-
boats have been found, answer whether or not
these boats should be adopted. Sir, we all know
that the cry of " fire " on board a vessel is as
horrifying to all on board as is- the sound of the
breakers on a lee-shore to the ear of the sailor.
The Senator from New Hampshire would have
this provision in regard to metallic life-boats
stricken out. He would have no life-boats which
are patented. He would not compel those who
own steamboats to purchase those life-boats which
are patented! Very well, sir; neither would I.
The Senator will, perhaps, allow me to ask him
if, by this amendment, he does not intend so to
construct the bill as to have Stanton's boat' I
suppose so. I suppose that the friends of that
boat have had the ear of the honorable Senator.
Why did they not go to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ask for an investigation, instead of
going about the lobbies of the Capitol in this way,
for the purpose of getting this provision stricken
out? I may be mistaken; but I apprehend that,
if the Senator will answer me frankly, be will say,
that it was his design to bring in this boat as
within the class of boats to be used by the steam-
ers.
The Senator from Massachusetts, I think, has
very well answered the objection raised by the
Senator from New Hampshire to this provision.
I think the Senator from Massachusetts is per-
fectly right in the construction put by him on that
portion of the bill, and that there can be no mis-
take about the correctness of his assertion, that it
will not compel the owners of steamers to pur-
chase Mr. Francis's patent life-boat; that boat
may be as long, as wide, and as deep as the one
which steamboat owners will be obliged to obtain
under this law, but those are not the qualities pat-
ented by Mr. Francis. In his application for a
patent, he may have described his boat as being
of similar dimensions, for aught I know, but that
is not the thing for which Mr. Francis claims a
patent; it is for the material, and the_ manner in
which that material, corrugated iron, is worked
into the boat, that he claims the patent, so that if
any other person were to construct a life-boat
of plain iron—even though it were of the same
dimensions with Mr. Francis's boat, yet it would
not be an infraction of his patent. The air cham-
bers, and all the other matters which render his
boat peculiar, are also described in his application,
and every one, on comparing it with this bill, must
perceive that it is not the boat described heie.
They are both metallic life-boats which are spoken
of, it is true, but it is incorrect to suppose that the
metallic life-boat which steamboat proprietors
would, in accordance with the terms of the bill, be
obliged to procure, is identical with Mr. Francis's
boat. In reply to the argument of the Senator
from New Hampshire, in favor of leaving it to the
discretion of the persons who will have to pur-
chase, to decide what kind of life-boat they will
get, whether metallic, or otherwise, it might be
asked: what necessity is therefor imposing any
