1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
restrictions on them at all ? Why compel them,
by another provision of~this bill, to submit for ex-
amination, by the inspectors, the iron of which the
boilers are to be made? Why not leave them
open to purchase the %est article in the market,
according to their own judgment? Why place any
restrictions on the manner of constructing the
boats? 'I
There is no provision in the bill of more im-
portance, hTmy opinion, than that which renders
it compulsory to have a fire-proof life-boat on
board steamers. That is my view of the matter;
and I hope that the Senate will reject the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I- rather despair of being under-
stood by the Senate, if I have failed of being un-
derstood by so intelligent a gentleman as the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
Hamujj".] I will in the first place, however, an-
swer his question. He wants to know if I have
not spoken to somebody out of the Senate Cham-
ber; and the inquiry was put with an air that
seemed to imply that it was a crime, which should
at least subject a man to the censure of the Senate.
Now, I have seen in the newspapers accounts of
persons coming here, who were interested in get-
ting the ear of members of Congress, and giving
dinners, and having hampers of champagne come
by the railroad, and everything of that sort, and
I have seen accounts of very sumptuous entertain-
ments, to which members of Congress were in-
vited by persons interested in matters before Con-
gress, and as I have been questioned by the Sen-
ator from Maine, I will makea clean breast of it.
I do not know that I ever dined with any of these
gentlemen that come here for the purpose that I
have suggested, and as for ever having drank with
them, I never did, for I have not tasted a drop
of spirits for twenty years; but I believe I did
once smoke a cigar with a gentleman of that de-
scription, for 1 recollect that on one occasion
when I had been smoking with a gentleman, he told
me that he was an agent for some patentee, who
had something before Congress. 1 admit that a
gentleman has actually spoken to me—[laughter]
—a gentleman has spoken to me on this matter,
outside of the Senate Chamber. But gentlemen
have not come to wing my seat on both sides of
me for several days, while a'matter has been going
on; nothing of that sort.
The Senator seems to suppose that I propose
to strike out the provision which requires life-
boats. No sueh thing. The Senator asks me a
question, and desires a candid answer, which I
will give him. He wants to know whether, if we
strike out Francis's life-boat, which is now in the
bill, I have not another to offer ? I will say that
I do not intend to offer any. I hav« no other mo-
tion to make. If the Committee on Commerce
will put in a provision which shall secure to the
public the bSst safeguards which the inventions of
science and the discoveries of practical men can
bring to their purpose, that is all I ask, "and all I
want.
1 have been peculiarly fortunate in my position
in the Senate. 1 have been so well known by the
outsiders that they never come to me for influence.
I recollect that when I was making a speech on
one occasion in the State of New Hampshire, I
remarked that it was a peculiarly fortunate cir-
cumstance in my position here that no candidate
for public favors or public influence ever troubled
me. A man at once responded, "That is true,
for 1 went there for an office, and I avoided you
as I would the plague." Whatever else I have
done, in these things gentlemen must exonerate
me. I have walked as safe from all appeals for
such influence as if I was all covered with a lep-
rous disease, amongst these harpies that come
here to feed and fatten upon the public Treasury.
There is that advantage in being an Abolitionist
or a-Free-Soiler. [Laughter.] You do not have
such vermin as that around you. They will keep
away from you, and I will submit to any other
charge under heaven but that of having anything
to do with them, and whenever that charge is
brought I will tell you my hands are clean. I
claim no approbation for that, as though I was
the most virtuous man in the world, but because
none have been here to apply to me. No man
having i patent and coming here for a fat job has j
been such a fool as to come to me; he knows I
better, and goes somewhere else. I claim in this -I
matter to stand here, and to have suggested the I.
wewa which I did without any sinister influences
of applications or offers. Neither myself nor any
friend that I have on earth, that I know anything
about, is to be benefited a thousandth part of a
hair by this or amy other amendment, and the
only interest 1 have in it personally, is, that I
hope some time or other to go as far South and
West as I can, with.safety, [laughter,] and with-
out danger from accidents upon steamboats and
from other casualities, and I want the legislation
of the country, in eammon with all other citizens,
to be such as to give equal and impartial protec-
tion to everybody.
How can gentlemen, lawyers, educated men—
men who are familiar with the forms and phrases
of common and of legal language, get up here and
tell me, that if a man has got a patent life-boat,
in which the proportions enter into the patent, and
that he has described it, and then come forward
and describe ill their bill just exactly such a boat
—just so long, just so wide, and just so deep, and
a metallic life-boat, and no other metallic life-boat
being in existence except that one which is pat-
ented, how can they tell me that the boat they
describe is not the patented boat? I do not believe
either of these gentlemen can stand up and look
himself in the face in a mirror and tell himself so.
[Laughter.} They would feel in a ridiculous po-
sition if they were to attempt it. It is in the bill,
and I want it stricken out; and I do not wish to
have anything put in except that which shall best
subserve the object of this bill—the safety, and the
greatest degree of safety, to' everybody; and the
very pertinacity with which this provision is ad-
hered to, convinces me with tenfold force of the
propriety of striking it out.
Sir, since it has been so fashionable, under such
high authority, to ask gentlemen if they have not
been spoken to outside of the Senate, I would like
to ask those honorable gentlemen if they have not
been spoken to—talked to ?—nothing else. Have
they not been talked to outside of the Senate and
inside of the Senate? Haye not' those gentlemen
violated the very'rules of the Senate, which for-
bid that there should be whispering and talking,
and attending to other business when gentlemen
are endeavoring to enlighten them? [Laughter.]
But, sir, all that has been done. Now, if you are
going to have a bill for the better security of lifn
on board of steamboats, why have it; make a
clean thing of it, and do not let it be a bill for the
better security of life, and for other purposes, by
putting into it a patented life-boat, and thereby
make the owner of the boat the richest man in
the United States of America. I am willing that
the bill should assume any shape the Senate may
deem best; but if the Senate go to putting into it
a patented article, on the ground that it is the best,
then I am ready to go into an argument as to
which is the best article. I want, however, to
strike out this provision, and thereby avoid such
a discussion. All that I propose, as the Senate
will see, is not to insert a single word. If the
Senate will strike this out, then it would be open
to amendment by inserting " the best life-boat,
combining all the qualities of.economy and safety
that can be devised," or some such words. What
is the objection to it J* Why must the number of
feet and inches, and the width and the depth,
which are here mentioned,"be adhered to ? If you
want to include patents, why put them it at once;
but if you want to strike them out, then strike
them out so that it shall be clearly seen what is
the design of the Senate in this respect. If the
committee think we should have metallic boats
with air-chambers, let us have them; let them
have the best thing that can be had. But if the
committee will do"a thing which they say they did
not mean to do, and thus put in an article which
is patented, then I may have an argument as to
which is the best. I-will not, however, enter into
that now. 1 have as little interest m the matter
as anybody.
Mr. DAVIS. I have only one word to say in
reply, and that is, if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire believes that we require that the life-boat
should, in all cases, be of the exact dimensions
described in the bill, he is mistaken. All that we,
require is, that the life-boat shall not be of a less
size than that mentioned. The object was to in-
sure the employment of boats of such a class as
would be capable of performing the important
duties contemplated. They may be as much
larger than the size described as parties may
choose; in that respect, it i« not my intention to
impose any limits, and the bill was never so de-
Mr. RUSK. The adoption of the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire would de-
prive this bill of a large portion of its merits. I
venture the assertion that an examination into
statistics will show that in all the accidents which
have happened to steamers near shore, by far the
greater proportion of deaths has been caused by
the want of means to reach shore, rather than from
any other cause; yet, the Senator from New
Hampshire requires us "to strike out the absolute
requirement which the bill imposes on the owners
and navigators of steamers to provide a life-boat
for the purpose of carrying off the passengers in
case of fire or wreck, and he assumes that these
life-boats are patented, and that the bill .is intended
to cover the patent. The only proof which he
has brought in support of this assumption, still
put forward by the Senator in spite of the thrice-
reiterated declaration of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that the bill does not touch the patent—>
is the assertion that the bill describes a boat of the
same size as that which Mr. Francis is said to
have patented. But that argument now drops
from under him, for it is evident that the bill does
not require that the life-boat shall be of the exact
dimensions therein set forth; as the Senator from
Massachusetts has clearly shown the dimensions
mentioned constitute merely the minimum size of
the boats; and 1 would rather trust to the sobsr
judgment of the Senator from Massachusetts than
to the mere instinct of the Senator from New
Hampshire. I hope that this provision of the bill
will not be destroyed by the amendment of the
honorable Senator.
The Senator from New Hampshire has chosen
to make here a confession laudatory of himself,
and to that there can be, of course, no objection.
But the Senator has also alluded to gentlemen now
in the Senate Chamber, whom we have seen here
for several days past, and whom I hope we shall
see, until this bill is perfected. The Senator has
seen fit to cast reflections on those gentlemen; but,
sir, I know them, and I tell the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, that neither he nor I need be
ashamed of possessing as good a character as any
one of these gentlemen. They have no patents.
They have been sent here by the respectable people
ofthe Western country, who are interestedin steam-
boat navigation, and whose lives are constantly
exposed to danger, in consequence of the want of
some degree of caution; selected as intelligent men
who have been engaged in steamboat navigation
themselves, and thoroughly conversant with the
subject, and one of whom for thirty-five years
acted as commanderof a steamboat, during which
time, to his honor be it said, not a single accident
occurred to him. His character may be taken as
a standard by which to judge of the whole of these
gentlemen. Sir, their character would not suffer
by a comparison with that of anybody; their ob-
ject in coming here is highly laudable; they come
here full of experience, which they are desirous of
communicating to the Legislatureforthepurposeof
conferring a benefit on the whole community; and,
allow me to say to the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, that there would have been less
talk about this bill if he and I knew as much
about steamboating as these gentlemen do, and if
we had had as much consultation with them as
the Senator from Massachusetts has had.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I made the inquiry which
I suggested the other day in regard to this section
without consulting any one. It seems to the,
however, that the difference between the views of
the Senator from New Hampshire and those of
the Senator from Massachusetts can be easily ad-'
justed. The Senator from N5\v Hampshire thinks
that a certain life-boat called Francis's life-boat
would be favored if the section passes as it is now.
The Senators from Massachusetts and Maine are
of a different opinion. I would propose to amend
the bill by adding at the end of this fourth section
the following proviso:
jProvided further, That this section shall not be so corw-
strued as to compel the purchase or use of the boftf known
as Francis's life boat.
With such a proviso as that I think there can
be no objection to the section.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
amendment at all, provided that if instead of using
