1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1741
the name of Mr. Francis you should use the
words ii any patented life-boat.'5
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am quite willing to shape
the proviso so as to meet the wishes of the Senator
from Massachusetts. It will then read:
Jlnd -provided further, That this section shall not be so
construed as to compel the purchase of any patented life-
boat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Norms.]
The question must first be taken on the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, unless it be withdrawn.
The question was taken on the motion to strike
out, and it was decided m the negative.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the proviso, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I ask leave to introduce an
amendment, to come in at the forty-ninth line of
the first clause of the ninth section, after the
word "accommodations." It is to insert the
words " for her crew and. " It will then read,
" suitable accommodations for her crew and for
passengers."
The object of the amendment is simply to re-
quire the inspectors—as they are required to as-
certain that there are suitable accommodations for
deck passengers, to ascertain also that there are
suitable accommodations for the crews of boats.
I have consulted with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who has the charge of the bill, and he
has no objection to the amendment. It seems to
me to be of considerable importance to provide for
this class of men, who are worthy of considera-
tion, and who are not provided for in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. When this bill was before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the words
" or spirits" were inserted in the tenth line of the
sixth seetion, after the'word " oil," so as to make
it read "oil or spirits of turpentine." I move to
amend by striking out the words "or spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I observe that in section
eighteen, as the bill is now printed with the
amendments, there are two distinct offenses cre-
ated against the policy of the act; the one is the
making of steamboat boilers out of other iron
than that required to be stamped and inspected,
and the other is for counterfeiting the stamp or
marks prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. In the first instance the penalty is only one
hundred dollars, and in the next it is five hundred
dollars, and an imprisonment not exceeding two
years. I move to" amend the eighteenth section
by striking out the word "one," and inserting
" five," so as to make the penalty in the first in-
stance equal in this respect to the penalty in the
next. My object in offering the amendment is
this: By the nineteenth section, the penalty is five
hundred dollars, and an imprisonment not exceed-
ing two years, for any person counterfeiting the
stamp. It seems to me that the penalty attached
to both of these delinquencies ought to be the
same. For the making of a boiler with unstamped
iron, the penalty is one hundred dollars—a pen-
alty totally inadequate to carry out the regulations
made in the bill. Sir, if there be any one provision
in the bill—and I think in its details it is as com-
prehensive as any specimen of human legislation
that 1 have,ever heard discussed in this Hall—if
there is any one provision which is of paramount
importance, it is that which regulates the quality
and tenacity of the iron out of which boilers are
to be made, and prescribes the pressure to which
it is to be subjected. Now, the penalty for the
construction of a boiler out of inferior iron is only
one hundred dollars, and my objection to it is, that
being se low, the owner of a boat miy disregard
it, and construct his boiler of the cheaper iron,
and then make a clear money speculation, even if
subjected to the penalty. I am suie that it must
be the object of the Senate, in perfecting this bill,
to suppress, as much as possible, that kind of
barter by which we have heretofore exchanged
human life for mere money. It is a grievance of
which all engaged in Western commerce have
complained, that the manufacturers of boliersand
engines, and the owners of steamboats, have too
often sacrificed human life from motives of pecu-
niary advantage.
I have m my hand a statement, which I presume
is reliable, which shows how little effect the pen-
alty proposed in this section may have:
" Section sixteen provides tliat any person making a
boiler of uninspected 'ron, shall forfeit $100! A large cyl-
inder boiler weighs about eight thousand pounds. Cheap
and inferior iron costs from one to one and a half cents per
pound less than the best iron. A person, therefore, con-
tracting to buiid a boiler, couid, under the penalty of this
law, make money by putting m tile most inferior iron, and
paying the fine, even supposing that he was forced to pay it
in every case. In every case where he was not forced to pay
it, his profit would be the additional §100. It is manifest,
therefore, that this provision as it stands, will virtually de-
feat the objeet sought to be attained, so far, at least, as the
quality of the iron is concerned. The penalty certainly
should be greater than that in section seventeen, for coun-
terfeiting the stamp, and a still heavier punishment should
be inflicted on all persons usmg boilers made of unstamped
iron."
I think it is manifest that the object sought to be
obtained by this bill will be lost, unless the pen-
alty is not higher in this case. The penalty for
counterfeiting a stamp is §500, and I think should
be as much. My object in making the amend-
ment is merely to increase the penalty, and I think
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] to
whom I feel much obliged for the service he has
rendered in perfecting this bill—will agree with me
that the penalty is totally inadequate, inasmuch as
it appears that the provision may not only be vio-
lated, and the fine incurred, and still a speculation
be made. The difference in the cost of the infe-
rior iron and that which the bill requires will more
than cover the penalty. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will agree to the amendment, as I
think it is entirely reasonable.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator has not mistaken
my view of the matter at all. He has satisfied
my mind that he is right, and I hope the amend-
ment may be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I move to amend the
fortieth section of the bill, by striking out the
concluding words, " according to the aggravation
of the offense," in order to insert some definitive
penalty. As the section stands, it reads thus:
"That any inspector who shall, upon any pretense, re-
ceive anv tee or reward foi services rendered under this act,
except what is herein allowed to him, shall forleit his
office"'—
This is all right.
—And if found guilty on indictment, be otherwise pun-
ished, according to the aggravation of the offense."
That is too indefinite. It is a wise and humane
principle of legislation, that the penalty should
never be left indefinite. The Constitution, it is
true, prescribes that excessive fines or unusual
punishments shall not be inflicted; but that is the
only restriction here, upon the discretion of the
court; otherwise a man might be fined $10,000 and
be imprisoned ten years under the clause. I think
it will be better to adopt the course pursued in
other parts of the bill; for example, in the nine-
teenth section it is provided, that if any person
shall counterfeit the marks prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for inspected boiler iron,
he shall be liable to a fine not exceeding §500, and
imprisonment not exceeding two years.
And again: in the twenty-ninth section the same
provision, as to the punishment, is contained ex-
actly; that is, in cases where there shall be afalse
certificate. So it is throughout the act.
Mr. DAVIS. The section that the Senator pro-
poses to amend, is the only exception.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I think it would be
better to amend it, and make the punishment de-
finitive.
Mr. DAVIS. What amendment does the Sen-
ator propose?
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. 1 propose to insert, in
the place of that which I move to strike out, the
words "by fine or imprisonment: Provided, such
fine shall not exceed dollars, and such im-
prisonment not exceed months."
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest that, instead of
striking out the words " according to the aggra-
vation of the offense," to add to them the words
" by fine not exceeding dollars, andimprison-
ment not exceeding   ■months."
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I am very willing to do
that. My amendment then will be to add to the
section the words " by fine not exceeding §500,
or imprisonment not exceeding six months, or
both."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
further amendment proposed, the question will be,
Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third time ?
Mr. MALLORY. It is with a great deal of
regret that I find myself constrained to vote against
the bill. It appears to be popular in the Senate^
and might claim my vote on the consideration that
it is an objeet of national importance, that seergs
to have been duly considered by the committee to
which it was referred. On that account I shall
vote against it with a great deal of reluctance and
regret. But, sir, it is not the first attempt of the
kind wjjich has been made by legislation. -It is
an attempt to amend the act of 1838, which had
for its object the preservation of life on board of
vessels propelled by steam. I think that this bill,
of course, is much better than that, but still that
it is not calculated to attain the great object pro-
posed. If it were a sectional matter, if it referred
only to one portion of the country and received the
approbation of Senators from that portion, I should
feel still greater reluctance to saying one word in
opposition to it; but it is national, and applies as
well to vessels navigated by steam upon the At-
lantic waters and the Atlantic ocean, as upon the
Western waters—as well to vessels among which
explosions rarely occur, as to that class on the
Western waters where they are of frequent and
disastrous occurrence.
Independent of some of the minor details, which
I will not detain the Senate in objecting to, the
main objection I have to the bill is upon the prin-
ciple of making the safety of the passengers depend
immediately upon the will of the inspectors to be
appointed. As the matter'is adjusted now, the
self-interest of steamboat owners and steamboat
companies is placed between the traveling com-
munity and the disasters. The self-interest of
steamboat owners prompts them to have good
boats, good boilers, and good machinery, in order
to establish a good reputation for their boats. The
bill before us contemplates not only that no regis-
ter, no license, no enrollment, shall be granted
to any vessel hereafter built, but that no shipping
articles, no manifests, no crew list, for any vessel
engaged iif the trade, coastwise or in a foreign
trade, shall be given to them, or, in short, that no
steam vessel shall clear out, coastwise or other-
wise, from any custom-house, until the examina-
tion attempted to be provided for shall have been
made and the certificate given. If it were possible
that such an examination could be made by com-
petent persons, it would be a great object to be at-
tained ; but it is upon the established fact that such
an examination as is contemplated is not really
provided for, and cannot be attained, that I shall
vote against the bill. Here are'examinations to
be made by some fifteen or twenty or more inspect-
ors, who are to be political appointees, appointed
by collectors of the customs—every collector differ-
ing in his particular notions as to the qualifications
necessary m an inspector—every collector regard-
ing the machinery and the boat in a different light,
and one collector regarding one system of machi-
nery and one kind of boiler as the safest, and
another collector preferring a different kind; each
making the appointments in accordance with his
own notions of the safety of the lives of the pas-
sengers. These collectors are not chosen with
reference to such appointments. They arechosen
with reference to another and different class of
qualifications. The result will be that the inspect-
ors will be the friends of the collectors; perhaps
their relations; at all events their political asso-
ciates, and like other appointments made, as the
inspectors of the ^customs, &c., they will ail be
made no doubt on political considerations.
Then the bill contem'plates that the inspectors of
boilers and hulls' shall go on the boats after the
hulls have been laid, and the machinery put into
its place, and satisfy themselves that the boilers
are of the best form, and the machinery and hull
best adapted for the purpose in view. If we could
find any man upon earth, or any set of men, suf-
ficiently skilled m this matter to examine the boiler
after having been placed in the vessel, and tell,
from an external examination, that it was the
best, that it contained no flaw, no defect; and if
we could attain this object, which every engineer
and machinist on the face of the earth will tell you
is impossible, we do not even stop there. We re-
quire them to go further, and see that the machi-
nery hereafter to be made, boilers hereafter in-
vented, and the various appliances to steam ma-
chinery, are to be the very best that could be
adopted. They are to be satisfied, and, upon their
being satisfied, is every inventor to depend for the
application of his machinery. There is no appeal
from the inspector's decisions. Hers is a man
