1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
@7f
cerned, I have no hesitation in voting for a suffi-
ciency, that the Department may have them in
hand.for distribution to all future members until
the work >s concluded.
Mr. EWING. I wish ths gentleman to explain
the statement he made. Is it that those members
who are in this Congress wilf get the second vol-
ume if this amendment passes ?
Mr. JOHJXSOiV. The plan of distribution of
the first volume, under the law of 1847, was left at
the discretion of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs. Tiie plan adopted was to embrace the mem-
bers of both Houses of Consjress, heads of Depart-
ments, and the foreign ministers that were here,
and those new members who are here, were ne-
of distribution,
is m Congress, the volumes which is published
I by the order of that Congress. If you go beyond
! that, you do manifest injustice, not only to the
j country at large, but to those gentlemen who were
! members of the last Congress, but do not happen
j to be returned to this. The committee must see
i 'hat those gentlemen who come here in the Con-
j gress in which the fifth, tenth, or the last volume
; is published, will receive the entire series, as I be-
! fore remarked, while those who were only here in
1 the last Congress will receive but one.
Mr. PERKINS. We will vote you down,
. though.
Mr. CLEVELAND. My good friend says they
; will vote me down. 1 have no doubt they will; it
. , is for their interest to do so, but! intend my reve-
olume only for ij rend friend shall vote against his conscience if he
cps-nnly embraced ill that system
and they will receive the second vi
want ol enough of the first to supply them. Sixty does. I intend that he'shall know what he is vo-
or seventy volumes only are now left on hand. I, tm? for, and the injustice of it. I have made these
i Lis work win extend to n ve volumes, and it ;; remarks to show* this committee that this is asvs-
>vincomplete the ^collection ot the entirety ot the r tern winch ought not to he commenced, and that
statistics and of the liisiory of the various tribes. || gros^ injustice wTll be done if it is
If yon nr.w adopt this amendment, it provides for i1 ' Mr. HOUSTON. I will say'a few words in
six hunar-d copies, which will be amply sufficient ■ explanation of what induced the Committee of
to i.eop oa Lie set of bookn as they progress in .1 Wavs nnd Means to p-xrlnrln this
their issue. If will take about a hundred, 1 think,
fortius occasion; and the residue will lay over
until the next suraessive numbers are issued and
distributed.
Mr. EWING. Will the gentleman explain the
difference between the proportion here and that
which has reference to the distribution of books
voted heretofore :
Mr. JOHNSON. This is a disiinctmatierfrom
die books voted heretofore.
Mr. EWING. The proposition is only intend-
ed to give new members the first volume.' i
Mr. JOHNSON. The second volume they get ;
.on their coming1 here, and if the appiopriation is j
not passed, the first volume they will never re- 1
ceive.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I think the House ought j
to understand this proposition before they adopt i
it. I am aware that I am addressing a body of !
men, a great majority of whom are new members, !
and of course interested; still I appeal to their j
sense of justice and propriety to say whether they
are willing; now to commence a system which, if :
continued, will work so gross injustice as will this :
if the amendment of my friend from Arkansas
[Mr. Johnson] prevails. 1
Those members who were here the last Con- ■
gress, have received the first volume; und those |
who are not returned, receive only that volume— i
they do not receive the entire series. Tnose who ,
come to the second Congress, get two volumes, j
and so on :o the end of the course. If this amend- t
merit prevails, you will give to the members who 1
come here for the first time at the close of publica- 1
tion the whole series. Bv this arrangement you !
give to one man $50 or £100 worth of books, while '
you. give to another only one single volume. Is,
this just and equal ? What good is to be done by ; iVi r*
it? How is the public interest to b? advanced ' Committee of V\ ays
But there is another view of tins matter, if ■' on^f 'Se-
this system is to be adopted, let it be done by a
bill introduced for that purpose, and not by way
of amendment to a deficiency bill. If you intend
to carry out the system, instead of printing six
hundred of the first volume, you shoi'M print six
thousand copies, or as many as may be needed.
Mr. SMART. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Connecticut if he d'd not receive the first
volume of this.book ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I did; and I am willing
to vote every gentleman upon this floor the vol-
ume ordered by this Congress. Then you treat
all members alike.
Mr, SMART. Then why object to the amend-
ment?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I did not vote for any of
the;;? books in the last Congress; but I received
mine, and I shall vote for the new members of tins
Congress to receive the books which it is custom-
ary to vote them. I do not intend to be ungener-
• brethren upon this floor, w.
! Mr. i?lTCH. Is the chairman of the Commit-
1 tee of Ways and Means in order?
The CM AIRMAN. He can only proceed by
J unanimous consent.
! Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of order. I believe there is a rule of this House
which provides that no member of this House
shall vote upon a question m which he is person-
ally interested. Now, 1 want to know whether
there will be a quorum left here, if none of the
new members are allowed to vote? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question which
the Chaircannot undertake to decide.
Mr. WALSH. I wish to correct an error in
the point made by the gentleman from Tennessee, '
[Mr. Jones.] This is not a matter m which the j
new members are personally interested. The !
books are furnished to members for the public !
good. [Renewed laughter.] v I
Mr. STANTON. I whs going to say that, ;
upon that principle, gentlemen could not vote for '
ike civil and diplomatic lull, which provides their j
. pay and mileage. 1
; The CHAIRMAN. This conversation is out I
; of order. The Chair repeats that he cannot un-
1 dertake to decide in relation to the personal inter- |
, est of gentlemen in this matter.
1 The question was then taken upon Mr. John- j
! son's amendment, and it was agreed to. ;
I Mr. CLEVELAND. I think we have done
j business enough for one day. I move that the !
; committee do now rise. ;
j Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers upon the ,
j motion. We snail never get through this bill if .
! we go 011 at this rate. ~ ' :
Air. CLEVELAND. If the chairman of the ;
s and Means is anxious to go
my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to get on far enough,
so that \/e can finish the bill to-morrow, and not ;
consume both days, which should be devoted to ;
private business. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why, we shall
not get through it m a week.
Mr. GOUMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon that motion I ask for
tellers.
The tellers were ordered; and Messis. Gorman
and BareKi.vRiDCE were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 6*1, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
ffr having ivsunied the ch.-'ir, the chairman [Mr.
Stuart] reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Umon had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill "No. 207, antf had come to no conclusion
The question was then.put, and carried in the
affirmative; and
The House adjourned till twelve o'elock to-
morrow?
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FLORENCE gave notice of his intention on to-moi;-
rpw, or upon some subsequent day, to ask leave to introduce
a bill to prescribe by law, or regulation, the number, ©frar-
acter, and portion, of signal lights to be borne by steamers
and vessels, between sunset and sunrise, on the waters of
the United States.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees •
l)y Mr. IIENN: The petition of James Sandetson and
108 others, citizens of Iowa, asking for the establishment
of a mail route from Kanesville to Sargent's Bluffs.
Also, the petition of Admiral 13. Miller, deputy martial
of Marion, Warren, and Madison counties. Jowa, aakmg
additional compensation for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. SEYMOtJR, of Connecticut: The petition of
William S. Pomeroy and others, citizens of Bridgeport, for
the extension of the Woodworth patent. 0
By Mr. DOTY: The petition ot C. Billinghuist, Clark
Lavvton. and 60" other citizens ot Wi^coiibin, foi a post
route from Theresa, by Mavville, lioiikon, Juneau, Oak-
Grove, and Lowell, to Columbus.
Also, the petition of Stephen Jones and other citizens of
Lowell, tor the same route.
By Mr. CHURCHWELL : The memorial from the Gen- -
eral Assembly of the State of Tennessee to the Congress of
the United States, praying for the establishment ot a regular
mail hne on the Western rivers.
By Mr. HUNTER: The petition of John Russell and 69
other citizens of Ohio, in favoi of tlie Wheeling Bridge.
Also, the petition of Gideon Davis and 112 other cmzeua
of Ohio, in favor of the Wheeling Bridge.
Also, the petition of H. B. Rice and 112 other citizens of
Ohio, in favor of tiie Wheeling Bridge.
Also, the petition of John T. Watson and 182 other citi-
zens, in favor of the Wheeling Bridge.
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The remonstrance of
Samuel W. Pope and otheis, ot East Machias, against the
renewal or further extension by Congress of the patent
gi anted to Austin and Zebuion Parker for a reaction water- •
! wheel.
| By Mr. GAYLORD: Three petitions, signed bv 122 eiti-
j zens of Morgan county, Ohio, asking a grant of 100,000
acres of unsold public lands within said State, to aid m the
construction of a certain plank or McAdamized load.
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio: The petition ot D. i\
Egbert and E. Bailey, assistant marshal* of Wart en coun-
ty, Ohio, asking additional compensation lor sei vices in
taking the rciibus.
Also, the petition of J. B. Thomas and others*, assistant
marshals of Clinton county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of A. D. Kuril and others, assistant
marshals of Butler count}', Ohio, for the same.
Also, the petition of H. Vanansdal and 5*2 others, citizens
of Preble county, Ohio, against an extension of the patent
of the Woodworth planing machine.
Ateo, the petition of Damon Jones and 84 others, citizens
of Warren county, Ohio, again&t an extension ot the pat-
ent of the Woodwotth planing machine.
Also, the petition of A. C. Tvlei and 57 others, of Buflei
county, Ohio, asking Congress to adopt such measures as
may tend to prevent wars, by seaunug piovWonsm tseatie*
for the submission of the matters in dispute between na-
tions to arbitrament, &c.
By Mr. BARTLETT: The memorial of James M. Ar-
thur and 51 others, citizens of Barnet, in the county or
Caledonia, and State of Veimont, asking Coheres* to icpen!
jhe law authorizing the Postmaster Geneiai to contiact for
the transportation of the mail on the Sabbath.
By Mi. SMART: The remonstrance of John S. Cald-
well and others citizens of Belia<>t, Maine," a^am^t a 10-
newal of Woodwork's patent.
Also, the remonstrance ol Augustus Petry ar.d other*,
citizens of Belfast, Maine, airamstthe renewal 01 patent to
Austin and Zebuion Parker tor alleged improvement-* of
reaction water-wheels.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of 86 citizens of Seheuec
tady, New York, praying that the bill giving further reme-
dies to patentees may become a law.
By Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York; Six several p-ttftiorr;
of citizens of the State of New Yoik, praying that White
hall be declared a port of entry.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Rensselaer county,
against the extension of the Woodworth patent.
ByMr. McNAUt: The petition of the assa-'ant rn?.uh\is
of the eastern district of Pennsylvania, praying additional
compensation for taking the Seventh Census.
Also, resolutions ot the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in
favor of thp improvements of the Delaware liver.
Also, re^iluuonsot the Legislature of Pennsylvania, rela-
tive to Smith O'Brien and his associates in exile.
Also, resolution?- of the Legislature of Pennsylvania, fo
reference to the establishment of a navy-} aid,- depot, ami
dry-dock, on tiie lake frontier.
I move that the House do now ad-
ous to my brethren upon this floor, who are new
members; but I ask gentlemen to look for a mo- jj thereon.
mem at what will be the result of the adoption of _ Mr. OE.R.
this system: and, if they are deteravned to auopta: joum.
this amendment, to publish six hundred instead > Mr. HOWARD. I hope the gentleman will
of six thousand copies, to distribute among all the ! withdraw his motion, sad allow us ta^e UP
new members for the next five, ten, or twelve !, refer the bills upon the Speaker's table. It wiii
years. I think w e do strict justice to every mem- , take but a few minutes.
ber, whether new or old, if we give him, while he j, Several Members objected.
IN SENATE.
Fwsat, Match 26, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Pi.ev. C. M. Bctler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDElYT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of thePostmasterGeneral,commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the ben-
ate, copies of all contracts originally made, and at
present existing, for the transportation of the mails
