878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
.by steam-ships between New York and California,
and other information in relation thereto; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printe£.
SPECIAL ORD&R-
' On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the execution
of the special order, setting" apart Friday of each
week-for the consideration of private bills, W6&
postponed until one o'clock-.
-PETITIONS,. ETC.
Mr, HALE presented the petition of Mary
Colcord, praying a pension in consideration of
the services of her father, Bradstreet "Wiggins,
during the revolutionary war; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
FLORIDA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to present a memo-
rial of the Hon. John L. Crawford, a member of
the Florida Legislature, upon the subject of the
contested seat of a Senator from Florida. In this
memorial, he recites the practice of the Florida
Legislature, and the understanding on which the
election was had. It ^addressed to the President
of the Senate, and I ask that it be referred to the
special committee having the subject in charge.
At the same time, I ask leave to present twenty
other similar memorials on the same subject,
which I ask may be referred to the .special com-
mittee.
. fhey were so referred.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. NQJlRfS, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the bill to
incorporate the Sisters of Visitation in the District
of Columbia, reported it back with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to which was referred the pe-
tition of John Moore White, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; vvlu ih was
read and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of the children and executrix
of William Jones, praying compensation for the
services of their father, during the revolutionary
war, submitted a repor.t, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the heirs of James
Bell, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill to
amend an act, entitled, "An act for the relief of the
heirs of James Bell, deceased;51 which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of the children and heirs
of Uriah Jones, a soldier in the revolutionary war,
praying a pension, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the petition of John
Duff, jr., for himself and his late partner, Joseph
Gonder, jr., submitted an adverse report.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That it be recommitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Wiliiam Davis, asking re-
muneration for loss of property, while in the naval
service of the United States, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Lydia Ann Mills,
praying a pension, submitted an adverse report:
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Aifairs, to which was referred the memorial
ofZ. F. Johnston, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. GWIN. When the resolution offered by
the Senator from New York [Air. Seward] was
under consideration the other day, I stated that a
confidential letter had been written by Commodore
Jones to the Secretary of the Navy, and had been
sent by the Secretary to the court-martial that
tried Commodore Jones. I have since ascertained
that such was not the state of the case. A confi-
dential letter was placed in the hands of the judge-
advocate, to assist him in making up the charges
andspecificationsagainst Commodore Jones, but
it was never used. It never went before the court-
•martial, nor was it known to any member of the
court. Its publication originated in a resolution
offered by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Ma-
son,] caliingfor the proceedings of the court-mar-
tial and the correspondence; otherwise it would
never have been published.
SEEDS FOR THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. SOULE asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution to provide for the produc-
tion of seeds required for distribution at the Patent
Office; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
The resolution appropriates ^1,000 for the ob-
j ect co n tem plated.
Mr. S. The Senate will perceive that there is
a necessity for acting at once upon this resolution.
The object of the appropriation is to enable the
agricultural department to purchase and produce
such seeds as may be necessary for the use of that
department. Unless we now do it, it will be too
late hereafter. I therefore throw myself upon the
indulgence of the Senate, and ask that the resolu-
tion may have its second reading and be consid-
ered at once.
Mr. MASON." I regret very sincerely that I
am compelled to difFer from the Senator from Lou-
isiana as to the propriety of passing this resolu-
tion; but I have no objection to putting it on its
passage now, if it is desired by him. I shall,
however, be obliged to vote against it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator object
to the second reading of the resolution ?
Mr. MASON. I think, perhaps, we had better
not pass it to-day, and therefore I object.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would suggest
to the Senator from Louisiana, that perhaps it
would be proper to have his resolution referred.
Mr. SOULE. Then I ask that it be read a
second time now, for thepurpose of being referred
to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. ADAMS. I object.
The resolution therefore was not read a secend
time.
JUDGES OF DISTRICT COURTS.
Mr. BRADBURY. There is upon the table a
bill amendatory of the act entitled " An act to
provide for holding the courts of the United States
m case of the sickness or other disability of the
judges of the district courts," which came from
the House with an amendment. When it came
from the House the other day, I desired that it
should be laid over, for the purpose of preparing
an amendment, extending similar relief to the
judges of this district; but I understand that it is
very important that the bill should be passed im-
mediately, and that delay might be created by
amending the bill. I will not, therefore, offer that
amendment, but I hope that the bill will now be
taken up, and the amendment of the House be
concurred in.
The biil was taken up, and the amendment of
the House, which was to add these words, " but no
such district judge shall hear appeals from the
district courts," was concurred in.
PRESIDENT'S CLERK.
Mr. BADGER. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Resolved^ That the clerk to the President of the Senate
be continued during the piesent Congress, and he paid the
same per diem compensation as heretofore allowed him.
I will merely mention, in explanation, that the
resolution under which the clerk was employed
expired at the commencement of this session, and
it is questionable whether the gentleman acting in
this capacity is entitled to compensation for this
session or not. •
The resolution was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. No
amendment being offered, it was read a third time,
and passed.
MESSENGERS, ETC., OF THE SENATE.
. Mr. MANGyM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expense** of the Senate be instructed to inquire
into the number of messenger*, page?, folders, and Jaboiers
nece^aiy for the seiviee of the Senate, and the compensa-
tion pioper to be allowed to each; al.«o, the number of
horses and wagons, and the hire that ought to t e allowed
therefor; and that said committee repoit by resolution or
otherwise.
"WASHINGTON CROSSING THE DELAWARE."
Mr. HALE. I submit the following resolution:
Resolved, ThattheCommitteeon Public Buildings be in>-
structed to inquire into the propriety of purchasing the great
national painting of " Washington crossing the Delaware, 
and causing the same to be placed in the mansion of the
President of the United States.
As the resolution is one of inquiry, I ask that it
may be considered now.
Mr. RHETT. I object.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that the resolution is
merely one of inquiry.
Mr. RHETT. Then I withdraw the objection,
as I have no objection to the inquiry.
*Mr. ADAMS. I object to a proposition lead-
ing to such a large expenditure of money.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO.
The engrossed bill to divide the State of Ohio
into two judicial districts, and to provide for hold-
ing the district and circuit courts of the United'
States therein, was read a third time and passed.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill granting
the right of way and making a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Lake Mich-
igan to the Mississippi river.
PURLOINING OF GOVERNMENT PAPERS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary which represents, that at the close of the
commission to adjudicate upon the claims of citi-
zens of the United States, under the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, the President directed a list
to be made of papers which had been presented
to that commission; and, pursuant to the act of
Congress, approved 3d March, 1849, the papers
themselves to be carefully arranged and deposited
for safe keeping in the-Department of State. He
deemed all this necessary, as well for the interest
of the claimants as to secure the Government
against fraudulent claims which might be preferred
hereafter. A few days since he was surprised to
learn that some of these papers had been fraudu-
lently abstracted by one of the claimants, and
upon the case being made known to him by the
Secretary of State, he referred it to the Attorney
General, for the purpose of ascertaining what
punishment could be inflicted upon the person who
had been guilty of the offence. He now commu-
nicates to the two Houses of Congress the opinion
of the Attorney General, and that of the attorney
of the United States for this district, by which it
will be perceived that it is doubtful whether there
is any law for punishing the very grave offence of
fraudulently abstracting or mutilating the papers
and public documents in the several department's
of this Government. It appears to the President '
that the protection of the public records and papers
requires that such acts should be made penal, and
a suitable punishment inflicted upon the offender;
and he therefore brings the subject to the consid-
eration of Congress, to enable it to act upon it,
should Congress concur with him in this opinion.
On motion, the communication was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
VIRGINIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The hour of one has
not yet arrived, and I wish to ask a favor of the
Senate, to take up this morning and dispose of a
bill which I reported very early in the session;
which I regard in all its practical effects as a pri-
vate bill. It proposes to compensate the holders
of certain military lands who have lost their
claims in the State of Kentucky, west of the Ten-
nessee river, by a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States. The bill being private in
its effect, although considered by the Chair as a
• public measure, cannot get a hearing unless it
comes up on private-bill day; and I wish to ask
the Senate to take it up now, and give me an op-
portunity of explaining it very briefly. It de-
pends entirely on a legal question, and can be
