1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1743
in a letter to the Commissioner of Public Lands,
recommending that wherever the reservation is
removed the lands shall be administered under
such officers as now have charge of the general
public domain. That is the general object of the
bill. There is a proviso in the first section that
no preemption right shall attach to any of the said
lands. I move to amend the proviso by adding to
it the following:
In virtue of any settlements made prior to tbe time of
the offering at public sale of the same: under this act.
The object is to embrace these reservations
within the same rules as the present public do-
main.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. The second section of the bill
is designed to provide a preemption right'to some
missionary societies—I think there are now five
of them—established under the direction and au-
thority of the United States Government, with
their buildings upon the land. This is merely to
give them a preemption right to one hundred and
sixty acres of land in such cases. But lest the
section, as it now stands, should be misconstrued,
and be applied to other purposes and other inter-
ests, I wish to amend it so as to make it more
definite. I therefore move to strike out the words
" societies or individuals," where they first occur,
and insert the words " religious er missionary
societies, or their agents." To correspond with
that, I move to insert, instead of the word "in-
dividuals,"* where the phrase " societies or indi-
viduals" next occurs, the words, "their agents
in their behalf, and for their use;" and where the
word " individuals" next occurs in the phrase, to
strike it out and insert " their agents."
The amendments were agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as am ended, the amendments
were concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
EMILY H. PLUMMER.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 would be pleased if the
Senate would take up the bill for the relief of
Emily H. Plummer, reported by the Committee
on Pensions. I move to postpone the previous
orders, and take it up.
The motion was agreed to. The bill was ac-
cordingly read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Emily H. Plummer,
widow of the late Captain Samuel M. Plummer,
of the United States Army, upon the pension roll,
and pay her for five years a pension amounting to
half the pay per month to which her husband was
entitled at the time of his death—the pension to
commence from March 9th, 1852.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Since this bill was re-
ported, th'e lady for whose benefit it is intended
died, leaving two children—one four and the other
five years old. I therefore propose to amend the
bill by-striking out "Emily H. Plummer, widow,"
and inserting " Joseph Morton Plummer and Mary
Reynolds Plummer, minor children"—striking
out "her" and inserting "tliem"—striking out
" her husband" and inserting " their father."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was referred to the Senate as amended,
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July IS, 1852.
T% House met at eleven o'clock, a.m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the business before
the House, the consideration of bill No. 144, to
amend an act entitled " An act to rcduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and for other purposes, and that the pending
question was on the motion to recommit the bill.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. St. MARTIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that a bill from the Senate, now
upon the Speaker's table, in relation to the deep-
ening of the passage of the Mississippi river, may
be taken up.
Mr. OLDS. Will the time consumed on that
bill come out of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Louisiana propose that it shall come out of the
morning hour ? -
Mr. St. MARTIN. No. I ask that the bill may
be considered before proceeding to the execution
of the order in.relation to the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the time is to come out of
the regular business part of the day, I must ob-
ject. If it is to come out of the morning hour, I
have no objection.
Mr. OLDS. If it is to come out of the morning
hour, I must object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope there
will be no objection to accommodating a gentle-
man who has consumed so little of the time of the
House in any way.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Is the object of
the gentleman from Louisiana to have the bill re-
ferred or to put it upon its passage ?
Mr. St. MARTIN. I wish to have it acted on
now.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I object.
■WASHINGTON CITY GUARDS.
Mr. GENTRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a resolution which will
occupy but two minutes, and to which I am sure
there can be no objection from any part of the
House. I am informed by our pages, that some
of them,and otheryouthsof this city, have formed
a juvenile military company. They have applied
to the Secretary of War for arms, but he informs
them that he has no legal authority to give them
any. I ask the unanimous consent of the House
to offer the following resolution, granting him that
authority: -
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary oi War lie, and he
is hereby, authorized to loan to the Washington City Guards
sucii small arms as he may consider suitable lor a juvenile
company.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman will put in
their hands a spelling-book and a prayer-book, I
have no objection, but I object to the arms.
Mr. GENTRY. I move to suspend the rules.
That is not in order during
Then I call for the regular
The SPEAKER.
the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON.
order of business.
NEWSPAPER POSTAGE RATES.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
recommitting the bill in regard to the postage on
newspapers.
Mr. OLDS. I desire to repeat a notice which
I gave to the House a day or two since, that the
Post Office Committee is now preparing the post
route bill. It is nearly finished, and 1 propose to
report it very soon. I trust that members will
visit the committee room and see that their routes
are correctly inserted, as there is sometimes a dif-
ficulty in understanding names.
I now withdraw the motion to recommit the
bill, and 1 wish to say to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] that if he will change
his amendment which he offered on Saturday last,
so as to confine it to the circulation of newspapers
within the States, I have no objection to it.
Mr. WASHBURN. I indicated on Saturday
that I should offer an amendment of that kind, for
I understand perfectly well, that if there is not an
amendment of that character, it will operate inju-
riously on the revenues of the Department. I
now withdraw the amendment which I proposed
on Saturday, and offer the following, to come in
the first section of the bill as amended, after the
words " with one half of the foregoing rates"—
Provided, That all newspapers and periodicals not
weighing over two ounces, when sent to actual subscribers
within Uie States where such newspapers and periodicals
are published, shail be entitled to tile reduction provided for
in this section.
Mr. CARTTER. From very brief reflection
upon the subject, I am opposed to the distinction
made upon State lines, and also to the distinction
made in the weight of newspapers. The distinction
made in the weight of the papers appears to me to
be a distinction against the good quality of the ma-
terial upon which the matter is printed, and against
the good quality of the matter itself. Again, I do
not understand the economy of patronizing thein-
terior, if this relates to city papers, with poverty of
literature, or poverty in the art through which it is
conveyed. It appears to me, that if a distinc-
tion is to be made at all, that distinction ought to
be a patronage of the best quality of papers. I
understand that the large weeklies of the East can-
not reach the constituencies of the West under the
provisions of this bill, except by the imposition of
a higher tax. I do not know whether I am right
or wrong in this, but I suppose it to be the case.
Sir, what is the reason assigned for the introduc-
tion of this distinction? It is that the patronage
of this description of matter, by a uniform postage
running from one State into another, is prejudicial
to the local circulation of the country press at
home. Well, sir, if this argument be true, you"
have the full force of it in its very worst aspect
by providing for an inferior character of paper.
Now, sir, I had the tonor of introducing the
amendment by which the country sheet is now
circulated free of postage, within the county iu
which it is published. That was thought, at that
time, necessary, in order to keep the country press
alive. But I am not to'be told that you will do
that by rejecting the papers of good quality, as it
is proposed to reject it here. If yoa propose to
transmit to the country intelligence from abroad,
give us intelligence worthy of transmission, and
give us those sheets that recommend, by their ex-
ample, emulation in the country press. There is
another thing in reference to this matter, which, it
seems to me, is wrong. The great reason lying
at the basis of the postal reformation of the last
Congress was, the dissemination of cheap intelli-
gence throughout the United States. I resisted
that reformation at the'time, because I believed it
would produce in the Post Office Department, the
very difficulties that experience has proved. But
you have got that reformation entailed upon you
for weal or for woe, and \&t us not make it worse
by an attempt here to discriminate against the
good papers.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine. The great end in view, m this
postal reformation, was uniformity and simplicity
—uniformity in the charges upon distance—and
this amendment proposes to reenact the very dis-
tinction that was sought to be removed by the
reformation of the last Congress. I have not
given a great deal of deliberation to this subject,
but from what little examination I have given to
it, I am opposed to any distinction that will bear
heavily upon the well-recommended papers. If I
understand this amendment, it takes a distinction
between sheets weighing one ounce and sheets
weighing two ounces, outside the borders of a
State, without taking a distinction of the same
kind within the borders of the State. Now there
may be very good reasons for that, but I confess
I cannot perceive them.
Mr. COBB. ' We have been engaged upon this
bill for three days and have made no progress in
it, and I think the House is ready to take a vote
on it.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I hope the gentleman
will allow me to offer an amendment to the second
section.
Mr. COBB. Very well.
The SPEAKER. Such an amendment would
not now be in order. _
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to propose an
amendment to be acted upon when we reach the
second section of the bill.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was presented, as follows:
Add at the end of the second section the words, " with-
out reference to the location of the ojjice of delivery."
Mr. COBB. My object is to call the previous
question, if there are no further amendments to
be offered.
Mr. BROOKS. If the previous question is to
be called, I want to offer two or three amend-
ments before we come to voting upon this subject,
in order that they may be voted upon.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my call, in favor of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to propose amendments
in the seventh and eleventh lines—in the seventh
line, by striking out the word " newspaper," and
in the eleventh line, after the words " two and a
half ounces," insert " each newspaper of no
greater weight than two and a half ounces." I
am obliged to submit the amendments in that
form, in order to get them voted upon in order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to amend is
not now in order.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I give notice of inten-
