1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87#
compressed within a nut-shell. I am sure that it
will lake but little of the time of the Senate; and
we shall, perhaps, be able to get through with it
within the fifteen minutes that are left before the
hour of one o'clock arrives.
Mr. PllATT. If it is the understanding on the
part of the Senator from K'entucky, that his bill
is to be postponed, if not disposed of when the
hour arrives at which private bills come up, I wili
interpose no objection.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I agree to that under-
standing. .
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider, as in Committee
of the wtiole, the bill to provide for the unpaid
claims of the officers and soldiers of the Virginia
State and Continental lines in the revolutionary
army.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
appoint a commissioner, to ascertain and report to
him the number of tracts of land, and the parts
of tracts, and the quantities of acres, according
to the original survey, and the names of the per-
sons to whom patents stood in the State of Ken-
tucky, below or on the west side of the Tennes-
see river, granted for military services in the
revolutionary war, which have been covered by,
or included within, paramount claims, founded
upon Virginia treasury warrants. Upon the re-
port of the commissioner, and upon the Secretary
of the Interior being satisfied with its coirectness,
it provides that the Secretary of the Interior shall
issue scrip in behalf of the owners and proprie-
tors of the military tracts of land included within
the paramount treasury warrants grants, at the
rate of $1 25 per acre, for each acre of military
tract covered by paramount treasury warrant
grants; which scrip shall be receivable inpayment
for any lands subject to sale by private entry owned
by the United States, and shall be assignable by
indorsement, attested by two witnesses. Where
there are more persons than one interested in the
same scrip, the Secretary is authorized to issue to
each scrip for his or her portion; and where in-
fants or femmes covert shall be entitled to any scrip,
the guardian of the infant, and the husband of the
qfinme shall receive and dispose of the same.
The second section provides that the commis-
sioner shall be paid at the rate of five dollars per day
for his services, and shall be allowed a reasonable
sum for chain-carriers; and that to reimburse the
United States for the sums so expended, the par-
ties receivin°>scrip shall pay twenty-five cents on
each hundred acres of land.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the members of the
Senate will be kind enough to hear me, I will state
the historical facts of the case. In 1783 the Legis-
lature of Virginia set apart the country west of the
Tennessee river to satisfy the bounties promised
to her officers and soldiers during the revolution-
ary war. In 1779, Virginia passed a law selling
her vacant domain, with certain reservations, in
which she stated that her object was to raise funds
to carry on the American Revolution. In thatact
she reserved the country west and south of Gieen
river, now in the State of Kentucky, to pay the
bounties promised to her officers and soldiers.
Subsequent to that time, in running the line be-
tween Carolina and Virginia, it was found that the
line of Carolina run further north than was anti-
cipated. And then, in 1783, as I have remarked,
Virginia, reciting the fact that the Carolina line
run further north than was anticipated, gave the
country west of the Tennesse river to the officers
and soldiers. - In the act of 1779, selling her va-
cant domain to raise funds to carry on the Revolu-
tion, she said that no land claimed by the Chero-
kee Indians should be subject to appropriation un-
der that law. I wish the Senate to recollect these
facts, for they are the starting point; and after
hem the whole case is in a nut-shell.
After the passage of the law of 1783, the offi-
cers and soldiers, through certain superintending
officers that were sent out to secure their lands by
location, entered the country west of the tennes-
see river to satisfy their bounties. Prior to that
entry, which was made in 1784, George Rogers
Clarke, and some other individuals owning boun-
ties obtained under the act of 1779, called treas-
ury warrants, located about one hundred thousand
acres of land in the country west of the Tennes-
see river; and they said it was subject to appro-
priation by these warrants, because it was not
Cherokee land, but was Choctaw land. They,
therefore, satisfied their treasury warrant claims
prior to 1784, by these lands. The country was
purchased from the Indians in 1818, by General
Jackson. Alter that, Kentucky allowed the sur-
veys to be carried into grant; and when they were
carried into giant, a controversy came up between
the military claims and the treasury warrant-
claims. General Porterfield, of Virginia, brought
a suit to recover from the heirs of George Rogers
Clarke the city ot Paducah, now worth $1,000,000
or $2,000,000—there is no telling the value of it.
The controversy was continued for years, until at
length the Supreme Court of the United States de-
termined that this country west of the Tennessee
river was notCkerokee country, and therefore was
not saved lrom appropriation under the act of
1779, and decided the controversy against Poiter-
field's heirs, and in favor of the heirs of George
Rogers Clarke. Thus, all the military lands loca-
ted within the survey of George Rogers Clarke,
amounting to some seventy or eighty thousand
acres, were swept by the board, and the officers
and soldiers lost everything under the decision
tendered by the Supreme Court some five or six
years ago. The controversy turned upon the
question, whether the land was or was not Cher-
okee land. The officers and soldiers contended
from the beginning that it was a Cherokee claim,
and saved fiom appropriation by the act of 1779,
because it was Cherokee land. The heirs of
George Rogers Clarke proved that it was Choctaw
land, and thereby gained the suit.
Now, the question is, whether when these indi-
viduals have lost their military warrants by this
decision, depending upon a mistake made by them
as to whether the land was Choctaw or Cherokee,
as far back as 1783 or 1784, they shall bear the
loss and receive no compensation; or whether
Congress, holding the lands which Virginia has
surrendered, will compensate those who, by the
decision of the Supreme Court, have lost their
lands? It is a controversy in which I have no in-
terest, in behalf of rny constituents, equal to the
interest that is felt in the older States. Since I
have been a member of Congress, a great many
persons have made themselves known as claim-
ants, living in Massachusetts. Virginia is much
more deeply interested than Kentucky. I have
received memorials from the heiis of many dis-
tinguished officers and soldiers. I would mention
that the heits of Geneial Morgan, among others;
the heirs of General Gibson, and of Mr. Picker-
ing, of Massachusetts, claim a portion of these
lands. These have all lost their titles, because
there was a mistake made in regard to the Indian
title to the country, as far back as 1783 or 1784.
The question for Congress now to decide is,
whether they will throw the loss on these individ-
uals, because at that early period they were mis-
taken in pomt of fact in regard to the nature of an
Indian claim ?
It is historical with us ii!fKentucky, that the
whole of the western part of the State was bought
by Richard Henderson, at an early period, from
the Cherokee Indians; and it was believed by us
to be Cherokee land, from the time that pur-
chase by Henderson down to the time of the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United Suites.
This is the whoie case; and I hope that I have
explained it sufficiently to enable the bill to pass
within the few minutes yet remaining before the
hour for private bills arrives. I wish merely to
add, that the committee which investigated the
subject, were unanimous in regard to the bill now
before the Senate. There were claims of the State
of Virginia for land warrants outstanding, which
had produced a great deal of discussion heretofore,.
both m committees and in Congress; but that sub-
ject is not included m the present bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Kentucky, whether he proposes
to authorize these individuals to locate anew, or
to pay them in money2
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The bill is to allow
them to take scrip, bv which they enter lands of
the United State* subject to private entry. They
only take as much scrip as will give them acre for
acre. . .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed andread
a thiid lime.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the relief of Thomas H. Leggett,
I and the bill for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont,
|! coming up in order for consideration, were passed
ij over informally.
\\ • INVALID PENSIONS.
jj Mr. MASON. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact, that on Friday last,-in call-
ing over the Calendar, the Chair passed over Sen-
ate bill 39, " A bill to authorize the payment of
invalid pensions in certain cases," under the im- *
pression, I presume, that it was not of a private
j i character. But it is a bill strictly of a private
jj character. It was reported from the Committee
on Pensions. I do not know whether the.bill
which has just been passed over is before it or
behind it on the Calendar; but if it is after it, I
would ask the Senate to go back to that bill, and
take it up as one strictly of a private character.
I, therefore, move that it be taken up for consid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT. If it is not. a private bill,
the Chair cannot, without unanimous consent, re-
ceive the motion.
Mr. MASON. I do not know what may be
included precisely in the term "piivate bills; but
this is a bill to pay pension claims, four or five in
number. They constitute a class of claims in
which each claimant has heretofore presented a
petition; and the Committee on Pensions have
here grouped the four or five together.
Mr. CLARKE. I would remark that that bil
has once or twice passed the Senate since I have
been here, and has always been considered to be
a bill of a private nature altogether.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration, and the Senate proceeded to
i consider it as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported from the Committee on Pensions
with an amendment, which is to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert a provision
requiring the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
the invalid pensioners, officers of the army of the
Revolution, therein named, or if dead, to their
widows, and if the widows be dead, to the chil-
dren of said officers, the amount of their several
invalid pensions which was deducted or withheld
from said officers under the provisions of the act
entitled "An act for the relief of certain surviving
officers and soldiers of the Revolution," approved
May 15, 1828; namely, to Lieutenant Robert
White, the amount of his invalid pension from
March 3, 1826, to February 9, 1831; to Captain
John Crute, the amount of his invalid pension
from March 3, 1826, to May 31, 1830; to Sur-
geons Mate Mordecai Hale, from March 3, 1826,
to December 9,1832; to Lieutenant William Wal-
lace, from March 3, 1826, to December 31, 1836;
to Lieutenant Phihp Stuart, from March 3, 1826,
to August 14, 1830; to General William Barton,
from March 3, 1826, to October 22, 1831; to En-
sign Clement Sewell, from March 3,1826, to Jan-
uary 7, 1829; to Lieutenant James Glentworth,
from March 3, 1826, to May 31, 1830.
Mr. CLARKE. The leading of the report
made by the committee will place the facts en-
tirely before the Senate, without the necessity of a
word being said
The report was read, as follows:
That by the first section of the act of May 15, 1328, each
surviving offieei or* the continental line of the aimy of the
Revolution wan to receive a petition, " to begin on the third
dav of March, one-thousand eight hundred and twenty-six,
and to conimuc during Ins natural life." The second sec-
tion provided, " that whenever any of said officers has re-
{ ceived money of the United States, as a pensioner, since
'the third day of March, one thousand eight hundred and
{twf>nty-f?i\< aforesaid, the sum received «h:ill bo de-
' ducted from what &aid officer would otherwise be entitled
' to under the first section of this act; and every pension to
• which haul officii is now entitled shall cease after the pas-
' sase of this act 55
Previous to the passage of the act of Mav Lr), 1828, sev-
eial officers ol the continental line had, m con.-.equence of
the wounds they had iceeived in battle, been piaeud on the
pension roll, as invalid pensioners; and having availed
thein-sclve4- of the provisions of that act, their pensions, as
invalids, were deducted or withheld fioiu the third day of
Maich, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six.
On the 3Nt of Mav, 1831, an act was parsed to "amend"
that of the 15th of Mav, 1828, which provide® that the latter
"shall not be construed to embrace invalid pensions, and
that the pension of invalid soldieis shall not be deducted
from the amount receivable by them under the said act.''
Since the parage of the amendatory act of May 31,1831,
petitions have been presented to Con<rre« from widows
and hens of officer* whos-e invalid pensions had been de-
ducted and withheld under the operation ot the act of the
3.-)th of May. 18-28, praying for the payment to them of the
amount so deducted or withheld; and the committee find
that on the 15th of June, 1836, two acts were-approved giv-
ing the relief asked; one for the r«Uef of the widow of
