THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
March 26.
Sfimuei ^ibbSj and one for the relief of the heirs of Ktchard
AMorsori,' Another similar act, for the relief of the heirs
of Moses White, was approved July 26,1848; and another
on the 8th of January, 1849, for .the relief of the heirs of
William Evans. The committee have not made a thorough
examination, and know mt but. other acts of the kind may
have been passed."
From the legislation in the eases alluded to, it would ap-
pear that the Uommissioner of Pensions did not place the
construction ,upoB the act of May 31,1831, that was in-
tended, or tliat the terms of the act were so carelessly drawn
that tijey warranted a construction not intended, and the
effects of winch it required subsequent legislation to correct.
If it were intended'by that act that the sums which had been
deducted and withheld from invalid pensioners, in conse-
quence of their receiving the benefit of the act of May 15,
1838, should be restored to them by the Commissioner of
Pensions^ the act was not, perhaps, sufficiently plain and
explicit*lor he lias construed the act to have simply a pros-
pective operation; and hence the subsequent legislation in
the iiidividaaJ oases above mentioned.
As early as February 9,1843, an attempt was made in the
otherFlouse to enact a law which should embrace all the
cases where invalid pensions were withheld under the act
of May 15,1823- A report was then made from the Com-
mittee -On Invalid Pensions favorable to such a law; and
accompanying the report was a statement exhibiting tbc
name* of the officers from whom amounts had been with-
held,"the sum withheld from each, &c. The statement then
made contained the names of nine officers, and the total
amount withheld is stated to be $9,829 12. Since that pe.
rind however, the heirs of two of said officers have obtained
the arootiHt withheld, by means of special acts. The chair-
man havingrequested anew and correct statement from the
Commissioner of Pensions, that officer has furnished the
following: '
The amendment reported by the committee was
agreed to. The bill as amended was reported to
the Senate; the amendment was concurred in, and
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
CARMELITE NUNNERY OF BALTIMORE.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
""Whole, to the consideration of House bill for
the relief of the Carmelite Nunnery of Baltimore,
upon which the Committee on Finance had re- :
ported adversely. |
It enacts that the Secretary of the Treasury be i
directed to remit the duties upon a box (marked j
VI.) of church vestments imported into the port <
of New York, in January, 1852, in the steamer j
Franklin, and consigned to Messrs. Morgan & •
Isilin, the said vestments being a donation to the j
Carmelite Nunnery of Baltimore, for the use of j
its clergy as sacerdotal vestments. !
Mr. MALLORY. I think that the Senate will j
become satisfied, upon investigation, that it
directly in face of the precedents which I have
quoted, and will bear with great hardship on the
institution interested.
Mr. HUNTER. The Finance Committee in-
structed me to report adversely upon this billr
which came from the House of Representatives.
The committee came* as I believe, unanimously
to the conclusion to make this report for the pur-
pose of obtaining the opinion of the Senate upon
the principle involved. I am free to say, that if
we do remit duties in such cases—if webelievethe
principle to be a right one, the persons who a&k
this favor upon this occasion areas meritorious as N
any who have ever come before this or any other
body. But it seemed to the committee that it in-
volved a principle. It is proposed, not to give
money, but to remit a debt to a religious commu-
nity; and it involves the question how far the
Government of the United States should take into
consideration the objects and purposes of a benev-
olent or religious society, to see whether they are
... meritorious objects of such a benefit as this. It
highly proper to grant the relief asked for; and if i! seemed to us that, although it was not a very
it hfl o 1 tit II 1 ~ <-1 1 (1 I'll 1.. 11 1  .i   i il. _ . * I . * 1 • ■ 1
zgzzztss*
S S isi
ft a ;r~ eio.3 ®
4 a a tt A 2
£5 3 223 5*
5i«- a«■
Names.
— j
jRank.
0",C3vi(SOA0j
Amount of pay per
month.
Hi::!
2 £ ® i? 2   2.
„ o o o a> 3 „
{From what time
stopped.
Iff restored to ihe
j xoll, from what
period.
rp >"
- M 'O cS 'J
To what period
payable.
Amount uitlijicid.
of'aienuvorth „
it be a proper motion, 1 will move that this bill be ;
recommitted to the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no necessity for
that.
Mr. PRATT. I hope it will not be recommitted.
I agree entirely' with the Senator from Florida, :
that we ought to pass the bill. j
Mr. MALLOIIY. I think we ought to pass !
the bill; and if we act upon it now, I have a word 1
to say upon the subject. The articles referred to :
were imported expressly for the use of religious
ceremonies. I understand that they are vest- f
| ments of the priesthood principally; that their!
: value is small; and that the amount of duty to be !
returned is a trifle in itself. The principle in- j
yoived has induced the committee to report against
it. They are religious vestments, as I under- j
stand, and do not come within the exemption in !
the tariff of ready-made clothing. A duty upon !
vestments, or articles of that'land, is indirectly a j
tax upon religion itself. They are imported ex- :
| pressly for a charitable institution—an institution .[
devoted principally to female education. It is an :
institution also whose expenses fall heavily, as I
understand, upon one individuallady. Each and
every one of these views appeals strongly to the
sympathies of the Senate.
| But I placeit upon a higher ground. Congress
j has from time to time granted relief of this kind
| in analagous cases. 1 refer to the act of March
; 31, 1832, vol. 6, of the Statutes at Large, p. 484;
j and vol. 8, p. 533, where duties were remitted on
I church furniture imported by a bishop for a church
I in Bardstown, Kentucky; and to vol. (i, of the
I Statutes at Large, p. 491; and vol. 8, p. 564,
|: where duties were remitted 011 church furniture
jj imported by the Rev. Mr. Hughes. On October
25, 183'2, relief' waa .granted to a Roman Catho-
1; lie church; no duties were remitted, bur. land was
;j given, which, I claim, was founded upon grounds
II analogous to the one put forth now. Lands were '
j! also ?;ven for the support of religion m Svmnes '
i;& Ohio Cafcpnny's purchase. On February 5, i
|'i 182!), the lieu of theUnited States on certain lands I
|l %vas released to a religious congregation. For a ;
great variety of analogous cases, 1 refer the Sen- |
; j ate to the Synoptical Index of the Laws of the !
!i United States from 1789 to 1851, p. 190, under
the title " Church." April 24, 1800, theGovern-
< ment refunded duties on implements employed in
; the manufacture of snuff. I state these cases to
, show that Congress has from time to time remit-
ted the duties which have accrued under existin
Being disposed to admit the correctness of the grounds
■tochCoi,«re^bi«rep«i^dlyai?ura«d in pawing the acts
rT-il'j''' !l'f ,iK' Uomtniss'uner of Pensions ' """ ',lv-   u
in lcM; wlnlo the names of Mosei White and William ,''tariffs for certain considerations. For the South
onn.,.,1, bunts embraced in the .pec,a. acts " Carolina Railroad Company, 1 find that i, on was
allowed to be imported free of duty; and such
tor reKefto-lSUS, I84bm,d l8&;,he I!
lowed to be imported, also^ free^of duty-^
"   j inthehabitfrequently of remitting duties on goods
destioyed by fire. Duties have also been remitted
, on swords which have been imported as presents
from foreign Powers to our mihftry officers
i Here are ;>reeeaenls in which Congress has rr
sioner oi Pensions.
Mr. CLARKE. The whole amount, it will
be perceived, provided for is $7,408 24, and that
list includes all the claimants. The Senate w;ll
have perceived from the reading of the report that
three private, 01 seoarate, acts have been ?lready
passed and approved, for the payment of three of
the twelve that were left in this situation. This
act.is now intended to cover the remainder It
has twice passed the Senate; and I hope wiii now
pass without objection.
mitted the duties upon articles of church'furniture
1 —articles which go, therefore) to the keepinc up
,i ol religious ceremonies. These are religious vest-
" ments—the vestments of the priesthood. There
can Joe no religion without ceremony; and there
large matter, yet that it might involve a principle.
There is another case, similar to this, before the
Committee 011 Finance, in relation to church fur-
niture. There is also another case—that of a
burial society, askingito have duties remitted upon
marble which was imported for monumental pur-
poses—which has been brought forward by the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] who will
probably call it up very soon, and the decision
upon it will depend somewhat upon the decision
in this case. If we begin with these, and remit
duties simply because the societies are benevolent,
or religious and meritorious in their character, I
do not know very well where we shall-stop. If
we remit duties upon ornaments for a building; if
we remit them upon the materials of which it is
composed; if we remit them from churches, we
must remit them from benevolent societies; and it
seems to me it would involve some difficulty.
However, we propose nothing more than to take
the sense of the Senate. If it be their opinion that
duties ought to be remitted in such cases, we shall
have no difficulty in reporting upon similar cases
which are now before us. If the Senate decide
that this is a proper case, we will repdrt favor-
ably in the other cases; otherwise we will not.
Mr. PRATT. { wish to offer as an amend-
ment, an additional section, so that we may pro-
vide in this bill for similar cases in future, and
avoid the necessity of special legislation in each
particular case.
The amendment was then read,as follows;
Jlnd he tl further enacted, That in all oases hereafter,
where books, painting.-., statuary, tombs, monuments, phil-
osophical apparatus b<dls, vostments, other habiliments or
svearmg appari-i, or materials for the same, church furni-
ture, and other ai tides, are imported into the United States
in good faith, by 01 for til(- use of any school, seminary,
college, bishop, clergyman,church, benevolent'or religious
community or society, of any denomination whatsoever,
ami not intended as merchandise, for sale or baiter, all such
articles shall bo u.xcmpt from payment of dutv: Proridei,
That it be made to appear to the satisfaction of the proper
officers of the customs, or to the Secretary of thcTreasury,
by their affidavit, properly authenticated, of the bishop,
clergyman, or principal persons, having the charge and
control or either of .the institutions eniinifrated, or such
otliei testimony as may be satisfactory, that such articles
j; arc for the excluuve u^e and benefit the same mstitu-
!i M°nj0r c'mrc^' if, and introduced for ehanta-
| hi'3, literary, or religious purposes, and not intended as mer-
! chandise tor sule or baiter.
, Mr. MALLORY. I agree entirely with the
jj Senator from Virginia [Mr. Huxtbr] as to the
,1 impropriety of remitting' such duties as a general
11 ruse, but thia is a case which appeals to Congress
j v/itn. such peculiar force, that I think it cannot be
1 wade with propriety. I do not know of any case
t wrucii we are likely to Jiave before us which ap-
, peals to Congresw so .strongly as this. I do not
j think wp are likely to be called upon to remit
j duties upon marble, or church furniture, or articles
I! of a similar character, because we yield to the
:] prayer of these petitioners in this case. Here is
' remission ot duties asked for, upon what?
: Upon the very vestments, upon the very robes, in
which they daily, throughout the whole earth,
; offer up prayers for Congress. The sun never
, sets upon a day, throughout the habitable globe,
m which the prayers of tha Church are not offered
, up for Congress m the?e very vestments. Their
1 claim upon Congress is, therefore, of a far higher
character than any before us, and I cannot very
i;W"u";
e" w1 * ^ precedent for the remission of duties upon marble
