1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
may think it religions to wear certain vestments—
I mean the abolition of our system of slavery—
I say that there are poor and honest females who
are bound together in efforts of that sort, and they
receive contributions from abroad. They appeal
to the benevolence of the world; and pious indi-
viduals on the other side of the water send dona-
tions to these poor, pious females, and yet you
levy taxes on their contributions; you tax their
benevolence; you infringe on their rights of con-
science just as much as if they were laboring in
any other vocation, to bring about a different re-
sult.
Again, sir, there are religious associations in
this country—associations which are composed of
both poor and rich, who think that the success
and spread of the doctrines of the Catholic church
are full of evil, instead of their tending to produce
any good. They might come here and ask the
aid of the Government in enabling them to extend
the influence and carry out the objects of these
associations. And if they should do so, why
should they not be aided ?
Again, sir, there are other associations which
are engaged in building costly church edifices.
They are in the habit of importing from abroad
materials with which to decorate these churches,
and they may come here with the same good
reason and ask the aid of the Government to re-
lieve them from burdens which the revenue laws
impose upon them. How then will you discrim-
inate? They may not be so popular, so numer-
ous, or so influential as other churches whose
representatives come here and ask your aid, but
their claims are certainly equal. I think, there-
fore, that your only way is to say to all these
associations, " Stand ye all alike; we tolerate you
all; we favor none; our laws are equal; they
operate alike upon those who are bound by a vow
to be poor, and those who are bound to be rich:
they operate alike upon the Protestant and the
Catholic—upon all associations, all classes, all
creeds; and from the operation of these general
laws to favor a particular class, it is neither the
right nor the policy of this Government to de-
part."
It seems to me, sir, that the Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Downs] makes a mistake when he
says that this bill is a mere proposition to select a
certain class of articles on which the Government
will not levy duties. It is not so; it is selecting a
certain class of individuals on which to confer
favors 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is leaving the general
law.
Mr. HALE. And, as is suggested by my friend
from Kentucky, it is leaving the general law; that
while the general law is in force, as it is, levying
duties everywhere by a fixed and definite stand-
ard, it is picking out a certain association and say-
ing to them, There are certain articles which you
want for carrying out your purposes, on which
we will not levy duties, because we think it is a
^ood, holy, wise, benevolent, excellent, charitable,
and worthy purpose. Sir, there are other associ-
ations, whose purposes are good, holy, wise, be-
nevolent, excellent, charitable, and worthy, who
may find it necessary to import articles on which
duties are levied; and if you set this precedent in
this case, they will be very likely to come knock-
ing at your door, and you must give them relief
if you wish to treat all with equality.
I think the Senate should deliberate upon the
suggestions of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Downs,] when he says he is glad that this bill has
come up, because there is another bill similar in
character, upon which the Committee on Finance
have reported unfavorably, which is waiting the
decision of the Senate upon this bill. That is a
fact which gives increased importance to the prin-
ciple which is to be established. I am not going
to make any professions of impartiality toward all
religious associations, because I think it is ridicu-
lous to charge upon anyone that he is not impar-
tial in all these matters. I do not suppose there
is one Senator in this Chamber who feels the least
partiality or prejudice to any single religious cor-
poration, association, or sect, in the country. But
if you set this precedent, and say that associations
for certain purposes shall come here and obtain
the boon of relief, which they ask, from the oper-
ation of general laws, you are opening a very
wide door, and one wider than has ever been
opened. This does not compare with those gen-
eral acts of relief granted to those who have im-
ported books of science and scientific instruments,
which do not belong to any particular class or re-
ligious persuasion. But here is a direct appeal on
behalf of one religious order for relief from the
operation of general laws, and for a boon from the
Treasury, which other individuals and societies
must pay. If you do it for one, you must do it
for all. I am not willing to set this precedent,
and therefore I must vote against the bill.
Mr. SOULE. I am surprised at the earnestness
displayed by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, who has just taken his seat, and by
those who coincide with him in opposition to the
measure now before the Senate. I agree with
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] that the
amount of money involved in the bill is not a con-
sideration which should influence the action of the
Senate. Principle should be the ground-work of
0111* action. But I would like to inquire, what
principles would be violated by awarding of the
gratuity provided for in this bill? I call it by that
name, because it has been so styled by the op-
ponents of the bill.
If I understand the objections which are raised
against this measure, they rest upon two or three
grounds. In the first place, it is said that the
measure would create a distinction highly odious
to the spirit of our institutions—benefiting one
religious creed in preference to others equally en-
titled to the favors of the Government. That ob-
jection is answered at once by the proposition
tendered by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pratt,] to extend the measure to all other religious
communions indistinctly; for I have not the least
doubt but that the friends of this measure would
most willingly vote for such a proposition, and
are now ready to give it their sanction.
The next objection is, that certain Democratic
exigencies, not well defined, should urge us to cut
down, as much as possible, the expenses of this
Government, which have grown to be so extrava-
gant as to endanger the State, and seriously affect
those principles of economy which should prevail
in the administration of a Democratic and republi-
can Government. I a^ree with the Senator who ex-
pressed such views; but how is it that he was not
struck with the fact that this was an incipient step
towards effecting the very object he has so much
at heart to attain, and would reduce, by so much,
the tax levied upon the people, and proportionally
restrain the extravagance he so loudly complains
of?
Then, again, another objection has been started,
upon the ground that while we are asking an ex-
oneration from duty for these ornaments neces-
sary to the performance of the service of the
Catholic church, we would not extend the same
exemption to the Protestant communions, who
needed no such vestments, and therefore could
not share in the gratuity, though it were so gen-
eralized as to embrace them all. It might be well,
perhaps, to state, in answer to such an objection,
that the ground or the merits of the measure do not
look to its applicability in specified cases, but to
the equality of its action upon all. When I con-
sider that the granting of the release provided for
in this bill infringes no principle, creates no prece-
dent injurious to any interest that might claim our
indulgence under similar circumstances, 1 cannot
but suppose that those scruples, sincere I have
no doubt, which have induced some Senators to
oppose' the bill, will give way to a better second
thought, and leave those who for a moment enter-
tained them free to join us in the vote that will
secure its passage.
Mr. BORLAND. What the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Sottle] has said seems calculated, :
unless corrected, to give a direction to one of my j
remarks which it does not fairly take, and which j
certainly was not intended. What I said of the |
large amount we now had in the Treasury, was !
not suggested as an objection to this particular I
bill; but altogether in response to the suggestion;
made of the other Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. j
Downs,] that our overflowing Treasury was a rea- i
son why we should be liberal in such cases as this. !
I aliuded to it for the purpose of saying that, so j
far from its being an inducement to liberality, it i
should remind us of the propriety of modifying a ;
system which raised more money than was neces-
sary for the economical administration of the Gov-
ernment. I did not make the remark as an objec-
tion to this particular bill, but merely in response
to that suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. SOULE. I am glad to see that the Sena-
tor from Arkansas did not-direct his observations
against the passage of the bill; and, from the ex-
planation which he has just made before the Sen-
ate, of course the hope which I have expressed,
that his vote will be recorded with my own in its
favor, will not bedisappointed.
The bill was reported-to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not think the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] has any right to
draw the inference from my remarks that I will
vote for the bill. I call for the yeas and nays on
the question of ordering the bill to be read a third
time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. As I cannot vote for this bill,
I will state, as succinctly as I can, without taking
up much of the time of the Senate, the reasons for
that determination. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Soule] admits what I understood
: his colleague [Mr. Downs] to deny; that is, that
! this is a gratuity to a particular religious society.
My objection to this bill, then, is not answered by
his argument.
Mr. SOULE. I wish to correct a misapprehen-
sion under winch the Senator seems to labor. I
did not admit that this was a gratuity; but I as-
sumed that as a matter of argument.
Mr. BAYARD. The argument, then, was
based on the assumption that this was a gratuity,
| and if it is not admitted to be a gratuity I think
ji the inference is irresistible that it is a gratuity. If,
l! in this case, the bill proposed to exempt the'arti-
" cle, without reference to the particular institution
or individual who might make use of it, no matter
by whom imported, or whether imported for char-
ity or for profit, then it would be no gratuity, but
would be a subject of general legislation. How-
ever, when we grant an exemption from a duty
which would otherwise apply to a particular arti-
cle, because it is to be used for the purposes of a
religious society, then clearly it is a gratuity to
that society. And if this be so, my objection to
it is not that this is a gratuity to a Roman Catho-
lic society, or to any other particular association;
it is not on the ground that it makes a distinction,
between religious associations, but it is on this
principle: By the acknowledged principles of your
Government, as I understand them, whether State
or national, the support of the principles of re-
j ligion, and of religious institutions, is a matter
| which is referred to the popular will—to the vol-
i untary support of the individuals constituting the
1 society, and in no case is governmental support to
| religious institutions to be accorded. That is the
j principle of my own objection to this bill. You
, may disguise it as you please, but it is a govern-
mental vote in support of religious institutions. I
ask you if it is not one of the broad distinctions
between the institutions of this country and of
England, that this Government, in no case, in no
mode, and for no purpose, gives governmental
support to religious institutions? Itleaves religion,
as regards individuals, entirely to the voluntary
support of the community in which it exists. It
is believed that the vital principles of religion are
better promoted—that religion is better qualified,
m every respect, for the advancement of its true
principles and the purity of its professors—by
leaving it untrammeled and uncorrupted by any
attempt, in any mode, for the Government to aid
in its advancement.
That is the principle which I do not understand
the argument ofthe honorable Senator from Louis-
iana touches at all. His answer applied to the
objection arising out of its being a grant to one
particular society in preference to another; that it
might create jealousies arising out of the divisions
of sects. Not so; my objection applies to the gen-
eral principles; to the ground that governmental
support to any species of religious institutions ia
foreign to the Constitution, and is the broad dis-
tinction between our course of policy and that of
the Government of England.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from Delaware
speaks sensibly, as he always does; but the objec-
tion which he urges to the bill is, that it is an at-
tempt to apply the funds of this Government to
the support of religion, whereas, according to my
judgment, the very reverse is the fact. The Gov-
ernment, by a general law, has imposed atax upon
this religious sect, and the effort now is to prevent
