1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1T49
not cost any more than the amounts then granted.
I believe the course has been pursued in all, to
make estimates for buildings which would cover
the whole appropriations heretofore granted, and
then come forward, as is now done, in almost
every case, and ask for additional appropriations
to purchase the sites, so that the whole appropria-
tion of the last Congress may be applied to erect-
ing the buildings, and it is for the committee to
say whether they will sanction that practice or
not.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
adoption of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.]
Mr. WASHBURiN". I withdraw my amend-
ment, if there is no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
Was withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Gorman-, to strike out the clause,
. and it was not agreed to.
The question was next taken on agreeing to the
clause as reported from the Senate, and it was
agreed to.
The eighth clause of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment was then read, as follows:
" For the purchase of a site on which to erect a custom-
house, at Bath, Maine, $11,000."
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out that
clause. In doing that, I wish to say that I agree
heartily with what has been said by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.] I agree with him
in saying that it was understood by the members
of the last Congress, that every one of the appro-
priations made for the erection of custom-houses,
was intended to have precisely the same restric-
tions in them. The appropriations then made
were for the entire expense of purchasing sites
and building those custom-houses; and if the
words of the law, in the clause orclauses, express-
ing that intention are different from that, the law is
different from what we all understood, and differ-
ent from the argument made by some gentlemen
upon this floor in favor of them. If the law is
different from what I and others understood it to
be, I hold that we should let them expend the ap-
propriation already made, before we give them
any more. I am opposed to giving them a cent
more, until we know whether the West is to have
anything in the appropriation bills or not. I give
gentlemen timely notice now, that, so far as my
vote is concerned, every single appropriation of
this kind shall be opposed as heartily as I can op-
pose it.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine, (interrupting.) What
do you want?
Mr. HUNTER. I want improvements for our
Western rivers and harbors; and I say, too, if my
recollection serves me right—and I appeal in that
respect to the members of the Thirty-first Con-
gress—that that gentleman [Mr. Puller] made the
remark upon this floor, that those appropriations
would be sufficient to buy the sites and build these
custom-houses. Such were the arguments made
last year. •
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I trust there
is no occasion for this suspicion the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hunter] exhibits, and I have an
amendment which I want to offer to the next clause
that will test it. I merely rise to make that re-
mark, and I hope there will be no distinction be-
tween the custom-houses at Bath and Bangor, and
others. I have an amendment, which will test the
sincerity of gentlemen upon this subject.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Hunter, to strike out the clause,
and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to the
clause as reported from the Senate, and it was
adopted.
The ninth clause of the twenty-fifth amendment
was then read, as follows:
" For the completion of the custom-house at Mobile,
$100,000."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend that clause by adding thereto " and for the
completion of the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, the additional sum of $43,700."
Mr. DUNHAM. X rise to a question of order.
It strikes me that the amendment is not germane to
the one to which it is offered as an amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is about custom-houses.
Mr. DUNHAM. But it is a separate and dis-
tinct questidn.
The Chair thinks the
| The CHAIRMAN.
: amendment is m order.
i Mr. MARSHALL. I desire to explain to the
| committee, in a very few words, exactly the con-
) dition of that work. In the Thirty-first Congress
j an appropriation was made of §75,000 for the pur-
| pose of purchasing a site, building acustom-hquse,
I post office, &c., at the eity.ol" Louisville. Sixteen
j thousand dollars of that money was expended in
i purchasing a site. The title was obtained, and
| plans of the house submitted to the Treasury De-
I partment. The Treasury Department has ap-
. proved of the plan, which I have seen, and that
I plan can be executed for the remaining amount of
j the appropriation, but it can only be executed by
j building a house of brick and wood, that would
[ not be fire proof. The estimates of an architect
f have been submitted to the Treasury Department
' for making the work fire-proof. By these esti-
mates it appears that such a building will cost that
much-more, ($43,700,) and that is all that it will
cost; and I shall not be coming back here for any
more.
A Voice. Be certain about that.
Mr. MARSHALL. There will be no necessity
to do so. The architect has gone into the details
of the work. I have requested the Secretary not
to let out the work at all, until the sense of Con-
gress could be taken upon the proposition, and I
trust the amendment will pass. I will state, in ad-
dition, that the Secretary of the Treasury, after
the estimates of the architect were submitted to
him, addressed a letter to me, which I supposed I
had with me, in which he recommended an appro-
I pnation of $43,700 for that purpose, and for the
1 reasons I have stated.
■Mr. DUNHAM. I am not at all surprised at
this proposition for this additional appropriation,
coming in at this session of Congress. I was
well satisfied, and so stated in the running debate
which occurred upon this amendment, as offered
in the last Congress, that this would be the course
which these things would all take. I was as well
satisfied of it then as I am now. I believe the j
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] made 1
as strong a pledge to the House, as he makes I
now, that §75,000 was all he wanted, all that
would be necessary, and all that he would ask.
All that was necessary, was to get an entering
wedge. The prediction I then made has proved
true, and I undertake to say, that there is not a
single instance, where an appropriation was made
during the last Congress for custom-houses, in
which they are not now coming forward at this
session and asking for additional appropriations.
Here is my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] who
| at the last session got an appropriation upon the
i same terms, and upon an express pledge, I be-
lieve, that that was all that was necessary, and
who stands ready now to offer an amendment of
the same character.
Mr. DISNEY. I wish simply to deny in form
and set terms the statement the gentleman has
been pleased to make in regard to any averments
I made upon that occasion.
Mr. DUNHAM. I did not mean that the gen-
tleman made such statements at the time, but I
think that he will find that a clause to that effect
was attached to the appropriation for the erection
of his custom-house at Cincinnati. As I stated
before, in almost all of those appropriations for
the erection of custom-houses, the same language
was used. They construe those appropriations
as made to erect the building only, and then come
here and ask additional appropriations to buy the
lot with.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to offer an amendment
to the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Such an amendment is
not in order.
Mr. DISNfiY. As the Chair decides that ark.
amendment to the amendment is not in order, with
1 his permission I will call his attention to the law.
' The matter now pending before the committee is
| original matter, originated in the Senate, and pre-
j sented to this House as original matter, and comes
| before this committee not as an amendment,
j Turn to the Manual, and you will find it dis-
1 tinctly laid down, that matter originating in either
House, and transmitted to the other House, there
to be acted upon, is original matter before that
House. So the law states.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will suggest a simple rea-
son why this proposed amendment, and the one
already offered, are out of order. They are not
deficiencies, and cannot be, from the fact that the
j law making these appropriations, stipulated that it
■ j was to build them, and therefore tlrey cannot be
deficiencies.
j| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
^ the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] that
f, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] has not
indicated what his amendment is. The Chair has
decided that any amendment at this time is out of
order, and that an amendment to an amendment
is not in order.
Mr. DISNEY. In what part of the Manuel'
does the Chair find that amendment?
, The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has examined
; that question. It is found at page 189 of the Man-
; ual. As the Chair understands the law, it is ex-
1 pressly stated, that with the House the original
I bill is our text. That the Senate have amended,
and we tan propose but one amendment to their
amendment at a time, and therefore that the pro-
posed amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] is not in order.
| Mr. DUNHAM. I will suggest to the Chair,
that the reasons I stated as applicable to the
j amendment offered by the gentleman from Ken-
| tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] renderit outof order. I
| raise the point. The law making the appropria-
! tion for the custom-house at Louisville, stipulated
| that the amount granted thereby should build the
j work. It is not a deficiency, and therefore not
applicable to this bill.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair listened to the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
j Marshall] for the purpose ofascertainingf whether
j it was clear that this was a deficiency or not. The
! Chair thinks there may be some doubt about it,
and unless the question were perfectly clear, he
would not undertake to decide it, and not regard-
ing it so, the Chair entertains the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON". Will it be in order for me to
attempt to amend the gentleman's amendment be-
fore it is voted upon >
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Cannot I move to amend
matter proposed to be inserted before it is in-
serted ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not;
because that would be an amendment in the third
degree.
Mr. HOUSTON". Will it be in order for me,
then, to have a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject of these custom-houses
read ?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Objection was made.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
tellers upon his amendment; which were ordered;
and Messrs. Stevens, of Pennsylvania, and Pul-
ler, of Maine, were appointed.
The question was then put on the amendment,
and the tellers reported—ayes 71, noes 35—no
quorum.
[Cries of " Let us have a recount!" " Let us'
have a recount!"]
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—the tellers having reported—
ayes 80—noes not counted.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
For the completion of the custom-house at Cincinnati,
$50,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will make a suggestion which will save a
little time^if nothing else. Here are the custom-
houses of Bangor, Bath, Norfolk, Mobile, Cincin-
nati, St. Louis, Pittsburg, and Louisville, all on
precisely the same footing; and I would suggest
that one amendment embrace the whole of them.
If one is to be incorporated in the bill, the whole
should.
Mr. DISNEY. As an individual, I should have
no objection to the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means. But I desire
to correct one statement he has made, which is,
that each of these acts stand upon the same ground.
They do not. There, is this difference between
the case of the Cincinnati custom-house and that
of the St. Louis custom-house 
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
I have the law applicable to the case of Cincinnati.
The first appropriation was made at the first ses-
sion of the last Congress—1849-'50—of 850/J00,on
