1752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
had received bat $1,000. But in appropriating
money for the purpose of paying the salaries of
these special agents, you also allow an item for
defraying the expenses of those who are arrested
for committing depredations upon the mails. I
do not recollect the exact language, but the clause
appropriating this money is so much for special
agents, and so much for defraying the expenses
of depredators. That is, agents are employed for
the purpose of traversing the country, and ascer-
taining who have been engaged in the perpetra-
tion of any robberies upon the mails; and they
are also directed to inquire into the regularity of
the mail service, and to make suggestions in rela-
tion to any change they may deem proper in the
operation of the mail service in the sections of
country through which they may travel. The
duty which devolves upon them is an arduous
one. They are, to a certain extent, police officers,
for whenever a depredation has been commuted
upon the mail, the Postmaster General is informed
of it, or the special agent is informed of it, by the
local postmaster, and they are compelled to resort
to the vicinage of the place where these depreda-
tions are committed, and by their ingenuity en-
deavor to detect the persons who have been guilty
of these violations of law. I say it is an arduous
and responsible duty, and I have entertained the
opinion that the sum appropriated, and the amount
of salary fixed by this law, was none too great.
] will further state to this committee that, in
addition to the sum of $1,600, they are also paid
their traveling expenses while they are engaged
in traveling over the country. Is that sum more
than sufficient to induce any man, of sufficient re-
sponsibility for that office, to leave his family and
engage in traveling the country ? In consequence
of there being such an amount of money expend-
ed in defraying the expenses of the prosecution—
I mean the proceedings before a magistrate when
a person has been arrested, charged with the com-
mission of any offense against the laws of the
Post Office Department, which expenses are de-
frayed out of this appropriation—the Postmaster
General could not pay these special agents the
$1,600 per annum, and has paid them only $] ,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
this amendment. This question, like a great many
others, has for its naked ohject, the increase of
salaries. The Postmaster General has authority
to appoint mail agents to travel upon the mail
routes, and detect persons who commit depreda-
tions upon the mails—as well postmasters, and
mail-carriers, as other persons. Their salary, at
present, is fixed at #1,000. In addition to that,
they receive two dollars per day for traveling ex-
penses, and, sir, they are charged nothing for
traveling upon a mail route where passengers can
be conveyed. Upon steamboats, stages, and rail-
roads, upon which they travel, in order to look
after the mails, and detect these depredators, they
are never charged one cent for their passage.
Then, sir, I think that with $1,000 salary and
their expenses paid, there can be, perhaps, as
good men obtained to engage in this service as
you can get for §5,000. You can get business-
men at $1,000, who will enter upon the duties of
that service as a livelihood, and discharge the du-
ties in order to retain the position. But, sir, when
you give these large salaries, as has been the case
m some instances, these appointments are given
to political partisan favorites, who are, perhaps,
waiting sometimes for a seat in this or the other
end of the Capitol. Now, you give a fair salary—
$1,000—and in most of the Sta'tes of this Union,
if not in all of them, you will get the very best
men of the country for this particular branch of
the service. I think the committee and the House
should non-concur with the amendment, and reject
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Phelps, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. AVERETT. Mr. Chairman, I move to
reduce the appropriation to $1,000. I offer this
amendment to enable me to make a few remarks
upon the clause of the bill now before us. My
colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] who was chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in the last Con-
gress, and the present chairman of that commit-
tee, [Mr. Hojjstojj,] both assure me and the
House that_this appropriation, demanded by the
Executive, is designed to cover a deficiency created
by overleaping the limitations imposed by law. I
understand that the last Congress expressly stip-
ulated what the salaries of these officers should be,
and made an appropriation accordingly, and said
to the Executive, " thus far shalt thou go, and no
further." In disregard of the express limitations
imposed by law, more agents have been employed
than were authorized, and we are asked to ratify
and pay for this usurpation.
Now, sir, I do not begrudge to these agents, or
to clerks, fair, yea, liberal salaries. They are the
working men of the Government, and ought to be
punctually and liberally paid. I would be willing
to pass a law increasing the compensation of some
of them. It is not on account of what they are
to receive under the provisions of this bill that I
oppose this clause of it. M y opposition is found ed
upon other and higher considerations. It is otir
duty, as the representatives of the people, to hold
control over the treasure which comes from the
pockets of our constituents. But, if we allow the
President or his subordinates to contract debts
without authority of law, or to transcend limita-
tions which Congress have expressly imposed,
and then not only tamely submit to such usurpa-
tion, but expressly indorse and ratify it, we divest
ourselves of our rightful authority, violate our
representative obligations, encourage a foul sys-
tem of unauthorized expenditure, and add to the
power, while we diminish the responsibility, of
the Executive. This is but a part of a system
that has become fashionable. It is time—it is
our duty to put a stop to it. Let us no longer
listen to the appeals in behalf of men who have
been employed not only without authority, but
directly in the teeth of the prohibitions of law.
The "laborer is worthy of his hire," but we must
teach him to see first whether there is any lawful
authority for employing him; and when our high
functionaries make contracts not only unauthor-
ized by law, but in violation of law, they ought to
be compelled to "foot the bill," and be held Re-
sponsible for their transgressions.
Mr. TAYLOR. I want to say a word in oppo-
sition to the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Averett.] So far from
wishing to diminish this appropriation, it is, in
my opinion, the duty of Congress, if necessary,
to increase it. I look upon this service as one of
the most important duties of the Post Office De-
partment. It is impossibleto estimate theimport-
ance of the service. What is the service? If I
understand it, certain special agents are appointed
to detect robberies of the mail. You may appro-
priate ten, or fifteen, or twenty thousand dollars,
and the service may require $30,000, or more. If
the Postmaster General be restricted to the amount
of $5,000 to ferret out the numerous mail robber-
ies that are committed, and which have become
very frequent since you have extended your post
office establishment all over the country, he will
be unable to have that.duty performed as it should
be. These robberies have become very frequent
on the line from the East to the West. Very many
have been perpetrated within the last year or two
between that part of the country where I reside
and the great Eastern cities. Innocent men, men
engaged in important business, bankers, mer-
chants, and others have had their checks, and
drafts, and money stolen in their transmission
from the Western States to your .Eastern cities,
and some of those robberies have been detected by
the vigilance of the Postmaster General, through
these agents. They might not have been detected
if you had limited the Postmaster General to four
or five thousand dollars. I do not understand this
$11,500 asked for to be an extravagant appropri-
ation at all. It appears to me to be a very proper
one. It appears to me to be an economical one,
and I trust this committee will not delay action
upon important bills, by quibbling about whether
we will give §1,000, or §5,000, or §11,500, to pre-
vent robberies of the mails of the United States,
that now extend over this vast country, and to
bring, with certainty and dispatch, these criminals
to justice, even if it should require a few thousand
dollars more than we appropriated. The amount
asked for is a very trifling one, and I hope the
committee will not adopt the amendment offered
by the gentleifian from Virginia, [Mr. Averett.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Averett, and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Henk,] to strike out the clause.
Mr. HENN. Upon that I ask for tellers.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Is it in order
to move to amend, by increasing the amount of
the appropriation ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. STANTON. I mote to increase it $1,000.
I make the motion, simply for the purpose of
making a remark or two, and I shall not detain
the House five minutes with what I have to say.
I have had some little experience in this matter,
having, upon two different occasions in my life,
had the honor of receiving from the Postmaster
General commissions as a special agent. Now,
sir, I know exactly what is required, and I know
precisely the amount of expense to be incurred in
undertaking this duty.
Mr. H ENN. I ask the gentleman to give way
a moment, while I ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, whether or not the
Postmaster General has increased the number of
these special agents? I wish it distinctly under-
stood, that I am not opposed to the amount of
salary, but to the number of agents employed.
The Department has increased the number of
agents, and thereby prevented them from getting
the whole amount of salary that it was intended
by the law they should receive.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is one cause, and the
main cause, of the absorption of the appropriation
of the last Congress for this service.
Mr. STANTON. The extent of our country
has increased. Two empires almost have arisen
upon our continent that are attached to this
Union, and the necessity for an increase of this
description of officers is obvious to everybody.
As I said before, 1 have had some experience in
the matter. In the year 1845, Cave Johnson,
an economist after the order of my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] a strict 'construction-
ist, and a man who scrupled about the one tenth
part of a dollar, was at the head of the Post
Office Department, and he chose to abolish the
whole system of special agents and to devolve
that duty upon the distributing postmasters of the
country. 1 happened to be one at the time, and
was honored with a commission and instructed to
go into the mountains of old Kentucky to investi-
gate mail depredations there. The duties of my
office required my presence there, but in obedience
to the mandate of the Postmaster General, whom
I considered had a right to command me, I went
into the mountains. There were no railroads or
stage-coaches there upon which I could get a free
passage, but I had to hire a horse at a dollar a day.
I had to pay my own expenses, and two dollars,
per day was just about half as much as I expend-
ed in the service of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman
wants the facts before the committee. Does the
gentlepmn mean to say, for hiring a horse, where
there was no public conveyance, he had to pay
out of his own private funds ?
Mr. STANTON. They allowed me two dol-
lars a day.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir. The principle is
universal, if you go to where the public convey-
ance does not take you, the Government pays you
extra. You may hire conveyances to transport
you from point to point at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. It is universal. There is no exception
to that rule.
Mr. STANTON. I do not care what the ar-
rangement is now, the arrangement then was, that
out of the two dollars allowed me by the Post-
master General, I was compelled to pay all the
expenses I incurred, in consequence of which I
wrote to the Postmaster General I could not attend
to the duties, and threw up the commission. The
Postmaster General a short time afterwards
changed the arrangement, and appointed special
agents. Under that system in 1837, when Amos
Kendall was Postmaster General, I had a com-
mission. I was allowed five dollars a day for
my services, and two dollars a day for my trav-
eling expenses; hut two dollars did not pay my
traveling expenses, although 1 went over the reg-
ular roads, upon which persons had contracts to
carry the miil, free. Sir, $1,000 is not enough
to pay the man who undertakes that duty. He
must be a man of character. He must be a man
of sagacity. He must be a man capable of detect-
ing rogues that are scattered all over this broad
Union. A large majority of the depredations
committed upon the Post Office Department are
committed at small offices off from the regular
