1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1758
f line where the mail is transported on horseback.
Why, sir, a man cannot hire a horse and under-
i. take this duty and accomplish it as he ought to do,
f • with the allowance of only two dollars a day. I
' think the salary is not enough.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
' Mr. FLORENCE. I move, Mr. Chair man,
to add $500 to the appropriation. 1 desire to ex-
press my entire concurrence with the views, and
to indorse the conclusions arrived at by the ex-
perience of my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Stan-
ton.] I have had an opportunity of observing1
the absolute necessity there is that gentlemen of
character and intelligence should be selected to
perform the duties of special agents of the General
Post Office Department. I will recite an incident
to the committee to show how necessary it is to
have the services of intelligent and sagacious gen-
tlemen in that position; and every member,it oc-
curs to my mind, is aware that a proper, indeed a
liberal, compensation should be paid, so as to
obcain and secure that class of men to which I
have referred. It seems to me there cannot be a
- reasonable difference of opinion upon that point.
A gentleman who now occupies the position of
special agent for the General Post Office was in-
formed a depredation had been committed on the
United States mail at the Philadelphia post office
—that a letter deposited there containing a drafc
for $1,000 had been abstracted. There is at the
post office door, after the closing of the mail, but
before the bags are taken from the office, a small
pouch in which letters are deposited previously to
the mail matter being dispatched to its destination.
This pouch is taken charge of by the route agent
—distributed and made up by him in the cars.
The person who deposited the letter averred he
had deposited the letter containing the $1,000
draft to which I have alluded in the pouch inside
of the door of the post office. It was taken from
there to the cars en route to New York. Suspi-
cion immediately attached itself to the route agent.
And here I may remark that, in my humble judg-
ment, this class of Government officers do not re-
ceive compensation enough. They are now paid
*4>ut $800 a year; and I may remark farther, by
way of parenthesis, that I do not think there
ought to be such a difference between the com-
pensations of the route agents and special agents
of the Post Office Department. The duties of
either class are exceedingly responsible and ardu-
ous, and they should be paid a salary commensu-
rate with the important service they render. Sus-
picion, as I have already said, attached itself to
the route agent. The person who deposited the
letter declared, in the most solemn manner, that he
pushed it into the pouch, and that it fell to the
bottom—thereby rendering it impossible for any
one to abstract it therefrom^ The special agent,
a man of judgment, of nice discrimination, and
fully competent and equal to his position, upon
questioning the route agent, was well assured, from
his cool manner, his general appearance, and
having confidence in his integrity—his previous
good character justifying the conclusion—that he
had not committed the depredation; and doubted
very much whether the letter had been safely and
securely placed m the pouch. The a°:ent was
right in this surmise. Before eleven o'clock the
next day the draft had been drawn at the Bank
of North America, with a forged indorsement
upon it. I am fearful I shall not be able to com-
plete my story before the expiration of my five
minutes. Immediately afterwards, by the scru-
tiny and investigation entered into by the special
asent, it was discovered a boy had visited the
Philadelphia post office upon business for his em-
• ployers,and in the act of depositingletters for them
had taken the letter from the pouch—had forged
the name of the person in whose favor it was
drawn, and had drawn the $1,000 from the Bank
of North America. The letter had not been se-
curely placed m the pouch, but was left so that it
•was easily taken therefrom by the boy. The spe-
cial agent, by severe scrutiny, good judgment, and
having capacity for the place he fills, ascertained,
by the investigation heimmediately instituted, that i
the depredator had gone to Cincinnati. He went
immediately to that city, arrested the perpetrator,
recovered a large portion of the money, and
brought the boy back to Philadelphia. I was a
member, if I recollect correctly, of the grand jury
which returned a true bill for the offense; and I
| believe the boy is now under bonds to be tried-for
! thyt depredation.
1 Now, sir, this proves, in the first place, that it
i requires intelligent gentlemen to perform this duty,
not only to protect the publicagainsj wrong being
done to them, but equally to defend those in the
employ of Government, to whom suspicion fre-
quently is unjustly attached. In the next place,
we can perceive they have arduous duties to per-
form, traveling, as they do, from one end of the
country to the other at a moment's notice, and at
all seasons of the year. Without men of ability
and sagacity, it will be impossible to prevent or
discover depredations on the Post Office Depart-
ment. They are committed, as we know, almost
daily. It is known there have been more depre-
dations committed on the Post Office Department
within the last few y^ars than at any previous
time in the history of the country.
A Voice. It is because this is a Whig Admin-
istration.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman says this
is because we have a Whig Administration. I
do not desire, nor was it my purpose to make at-
tacks upon any one when I rose. I merely wished
to urge the propriety of paying what I" consider
to be a fair compensation for arduous duties per-
formed in the service of the Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am in the hope we will
press action upon this bill and report it to the
House to-night. I am opposed to the amendment
and ask for a vote upon it.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
• Tellers were demanded on the motion of Mr.
Henn to strike out the clause, and they were re-
fused.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative.
Tne question was then taken on agreeing to the
Senate amendment, and itVas agreed to
The fourteenth and fifteenth clauses of the
twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate were adopt-
ed, as follow:
" For payment to the following named tribes of Indians
of the undermentioned sums due them, retained by the late
pub-Indian agent, William II. Bruce, the same to be re-
imbursed to the United States when recovered from bdid
sub agent or his sureties, viz:
" To Menomonees. $9,466 27.
"To Chippewas, Menomonees, Wmnebagoes, and New
York FndifuiP, .$5-21 59.
"To Six Nations of New York, (Stockbridge,) $20 50.
" To Stockbridge, $1,806.
" For expenses of treaty willi the Mississippi and St.
Peter's Sioux tor the extinguishment of their title to land* in
Minnesota Territory, being in addition to the appropnation
for the same object, made 30th September, 1850, $4,272 38.
" For expenses of treating with the Indians and half-
breeds, for the extinguishment of the title to their lands on
the Red river of tiie north, in the Territory of Minnesota,
being in addition to the appropnation for the same object,
made 30th September, 1850, $901 05."
The Clerk then read the sixteenth clause of the
twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate, as follows:
"For thi* sum as an advance to the Chippewa Indians
of the Mississippi, under the third article of the treatv of
2d August, 1847, to be expended in opening farms for their
benefit, and extending their farming facilities, $5,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. This item was in the com-
mittee ordered to be stricken out, for the purpose
of putting it in regularly in the Indian bill. It is
an item which belongs to, and we have a part of
it now m the Indian bill. The committee have
instructed me to move to strike it out of this bill
and to put it in the Indian appropriation bill. If
it be letatned here, confusion will be created in
the appropriation. There is no necessity for it in
this bill.
Mr. SIBLEY. I trust the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means will allow me to
make a statement. This sum is required to be
appropriated at the earliest possible moment.
These Indians, or a portion of them, under a for-
mer appropriation, have been removed. It is the
intention of the Department to apply this money,
in anticipation of the ordinary appropriation,to
farming purposes. The money is absolutely ne-
cessary now. It is merely in anticipation of the
regular Indian appropriation bill.
Mr, HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
The Government agreed to pay this tribe of Indians
$1,000 a year for forty-six years, to be applied to
farming purposes, as it is alleged. The treaty is
not, however, very clear upon that subject. In
the regular Indian bill we have one of the fort^-six
payments appropriated. This proposition is to ;
anticipate five of the payments—instead of pay-
ing $1,000 to pay $5,000—five forty-sixths of the
original amount to be given by the treaty. They
said they wanted, it early last winter for the pur-
pose of using it for farming purposes, so as to
bring the land into cultivation this spring. They
have not got the money. If they get it now they
cannot use it before next year. Theydo not want
it now, before the regular bill passes. In the
Committee on Ways and Means this item was
decided to be irregularly here, and that the phra-
seology is such as not to be an offset against the
treaty.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to state to the commit-
tee, that I probably understand more about this
proposition and the questions connected with it,
than the gentleman can possibly do. Under the
treaty made in 1847, these Indians were to receive
$1,000 annuity for forty-six years. The Depart-
ment now requires this sum to be expended in an-
ticipation for five years, in order that the Indians
who have been removed west of the Mississippi
from the east, shall have the means of subsistence
when they get there. The Indian agent has just
left here for his post, after having waited for some
time to get through this appropriation. He states
that it is absolutely necessary that this appropri-
ation should be made, and that a treaty provision
being anticipated for five years, would be all that
was required to put their farming operations in
such shape, that the Indians hereafter can be sup-
ported from the proceeds of their farms.
The question was then taken upon striking out
the clause, and it was agreed to.
The eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-
first, twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth,
and twenty-fifth clauses of the twenty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate were then considered and
agreed to, as follow:
" For fulfilling treaties \vith the Winnebagoes, viz : pur-
chase of tobacco, pf"r second article of heaty of l>t Augu-t,
1829, and fifth article of treaty of 15th September. 1832,
$375.
"For fulfilling treaties with Ottowas and Chippewas,
viz : puieha^e oftobaceo, per fourth article of treaty of 28th
March, 1836, $300.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sacs and Foxes of the
Mi^isMppi, viz: purchase of tobacco, pel fouitli article of
treaty of rbo2l<t Sr'piember, 1832, $200.
" For fulfilling treaties with the Menomonees, viz: pur-
chase of tobacco, per second article of treaty of 3d Septem-
ber, 1836, $100.
For the payment of annuities, and the transportation
of the same, to certain tribe^of Indians, in accordance with
the seventh article of the treaty made at* Fort Laramie, on
the 17th day of September, Anno Domini 1851, $60,00).
And the Secretary of the Inteiior is hereby authorized to
purchase the provisions, merchandise, domestic animals,
and agricultural implements, to be delivered in payment of
the annuity first payable under the seventh article of said
treaty, without previous advertisement, if such purchases
can be so made on reasonable term*."
The twenty-sixth clause was then read, as fol-
lows: ,
Section three, page fifteen, line nine, strike out
the word " hereafter,so as to prevent the Exec-
utive branch of the Government hereafter recog-
nizing any contract between any tribe or part of
a tribe and any attorney or agent for the prosecu-
tion of any claim against the Government under
this act.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are two amendments
here (the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh) which
necessarily go together. I should like the atten-
tion of the gentlemen from Arkansas [Mr. John-
son] and Indiana [Mr. Fitch] to the words here,
just transposing the word "hereafter" from one
place to another. The committee will remember,
th^t when this deficiency bill was before the
House a short time ago, upon the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] a provision was inserted, declaring that
the President of the United States should not rec-
ognize any contract with agents for the Indians.
That was intended to apply to all contracts from
the time the law might pass. The Senate have
transposed the word, so as to make the word
" hereafter" apply to the time of making the con-
tract, and not to the action of the President of the
United States. They have changed the phraseol-
ogy of the provision which we made, which was,
that no contract shall hereafter be recognized and
made the law, so that it shall not be lawful to rec-
ognize contracts hereafter made—so as to let in all
contracts, whether fraudulent or otherwise, which
may exist at the time the law takes effect. The
Committee of Ways and Means non-concurred
in the amendment of the Senate*
