1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17M
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the amendments of the
Senale to House bill No. 207, and had instructed
him to report back that they had pgreed to some
of those amendments, some with amendments and
others without, and had instructed him to report
to the House and ask its concurrence.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that that body had
passed sundry bills.]
Mr. GEN^PiY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tlOll.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask what will
become of the deficiency bill, if my colleague goes
to something else'
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
before the House is upon agreeing to the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. TT
Mr. .TONES. Exactly; butlfthe House passes
from this bill it will go upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. GENTRY. I do not wish to interpose
any obstruction to the passage of the bill. 1 was
going to move a suspension of the rules for the
purpose of introducing a resolution, which, 1 am
sure, will not occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. JONES. I suppose my colleague will give
way until a motion is made to recommit the defi-
ciency bill, and call the previous question upon it.
Several Voices. Let us have the previous
question. . ,
Mr GENTRY. I will waive my right to the
floor, and trust to the courtesy of the House to
allow me to offer a resolution afterwards.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee of the W^hole on the state of the
Union, and I ask the previous question. My
object is to keep the bill up so that we can dis-
PUMi% GENTRY. T move to suspend the Yules
for the purposp of introducing the resolution which
I have sent to the Chair. I beg leave to remark,
that there is nothing in it 
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] takes prece-
dence over the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 suppose the House wanted
to °~o to this subject, or to adjourn. My object is
to put the bill where it can be reached m the morn-
ing as unfinished business. I move a recommit-
tal1, and the previous question.
Mr. GENTRY. Cannot the question go over
until to-morrow morning, by common consent?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent. .
Mr. GENTRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the'House to allow me to introduce my resolu-
tlC>Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We cannot leave
the bill without the unanimous consent of the
^The SPEAKER. That is what the Chair de- |
TONES. T move that the House adjourn, j
Mr. GENTRY. 1 am upon the floor,I believe, (
and therefore the gentleman cannot submit that |
motion. A very few moments will straighten out j
this little difficulty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated to the
bodv that the first question in order is upon the
demand for the previous question made by the
srentleinan from A! tbama, [Mr. Houston;]but the
gentleman from Tennessee asks the unanimous
consent of the House 
Mr. GENTRY. No, sir. Let me correct you,
if von nlense. I understand the House, by com-
mon acquiescence, to permit the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama to tro over until to-moi-
row morning m order to give me an opportunity
to make the motion which I desired to make, ltis
competent for the House, by common consent, to
allow the motion of the gentleman from Alaiama
to be entered, and go over until to-morrow morn-
inu-, I understand that to be universally agreed
oif I now move to suspend the rules, to enable
me' to introduce the resolution I propose to intro-
duce 1 snnnnse the gentleman from JN orth Car-
olina [Mr.'Stan-lv] will mrt object to it. Jt
amounts to nothing more tnan tms: That some of
our little pages, and other hoys of the city have
formed a military company. The Secretary of
War is anxious to equip and arm them with wea-
pons which are not very valuable to the country.
He has no legal authority to do this, however,
and it is necessary to introduce a resolution to give
him that authority.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to the resolution.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move, before the
question is taken upon ordering the main question,
thaf there be a call of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES. Well, I have no objection loan
adjournment.
The question was then taken, and agreed to;
and
no
The House ad journed until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 13, 1859.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Cardington, Ohio, praying that the bill now pend-
ing before Congress, commonly known as the
" homestead bill," may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GW1N presented the petition of Charles
B. Polhemus and Charles Griswold, composing
the firm of Alsop & Company, of San Francisco,
and owners of the steamer Q.uickstep, praying to
be reimbursed the amount of a judgment recovered i
against the steamer for a collision while employed
in the service of the Coast Survey and under the
command of an officer of the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, the petition of Francisco Lope Urriza, a
citizen of California, praying remuneration for
losses sustained during the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. . . ... .
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of citizens of
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying that the bill now pend-
ing before Congress, commonly known as the
" homestead bill?' may become a law; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of James H.
Rhinehart and others, praying confirmation of
their titles to lands within the Maison Rouge grant;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
James Montgomery, praying Congress to aid him
in the construction of a steamer which will be
competent to carry the mails between New Tiork
and Liverpool in six days, and between New-
foundland and Liverpool m four days, and which
shall be also suitable for war purposes, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration there-
of and that it be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads; which was agreed to.
He also, from the saniecommittee, to which was
referred the memorial of Robert F. Pinkney, a
lieutenant in the Navy, praying Congress to pre- j
vent the further dissemination of misrepresent- ;
tions injurious to his professional reputation made :
by Commander Wilkes in the history of the Ex- j
nlori-O" Expedition, published by the authority of |
Con°ress, asked to be discharged from ue further ;
consideration thereof, and that it be referred to ,
the Joint Committee on the Library; which was ,
^He'aTso, from the same committee, to which i
was referred the memorial of Philip F. Vomhees,
pravmg the reimbursement of certain expenses in-
curred while ill command of the United bines
ship Savannah, submitted an adverse report there- ;
I on; which was ordered to be printed. j
1 Mr. T5RODHEAD, from the Committee on j
i Claims, to which was referred the petition of John
1 West and others, engaged in the merchant service ,
1 and on board of privateers during the ,ast war with ;
Great Britain, who were taken prisoners, praying >
comnensation for the time lost and sufferings en-
dured during their imprisonment, asked to be dis- ,,
chained from the further consideration thereo*.
and that it be referred to the Committee on Na-val
Affa'rs: which was agreed to. ^ . j
Mr ADAMS, from the Committee on Claims, ,
to which was referred the petition of Lieutenant ,
Colonel F.benezer Dumont, praying compensation
for a horse killed in Mexico, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bii; for his relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Manufactures, to which was referred the memorial
of George IC. Shoenberger and others, praying to
be allowed a patent for the manufacture of Russia
sheet iron, reported a bill for their reiief; which
was read*, and passed to the second reading.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the report of tin- Srcietary of War in re-
lation to the claims of certain friendly Creek Indians, and
their !e°al repiesentatives, for arreajs of pay due thera tor
military services ill the Florida war, communicated to the
Senate, June 15,1848, be taken from the files and referred
to the Committee on Indian AtiVi il-;.
JOINT RESOLUTION AND BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed joint resolution and
bills were severally read a third time and passed;
Joint resolution auihorizing the examination of
the claims of the Biloxi Bay Indians;
An act to authorize! the sale of reserved lands,
and for other purposes;
An act to authorize the Mayor and Common
Council of Chicago, Illinois, to excavate a portion
of the public reservation at that place, with a view
to the improvement of the navigation of the Chicago
rjver, >
An act for the relief of Colonel James R. Creecy;
ani.n act for the relief of Joseph Morton Plummer
j and Mary Reynolds Plummer.
SAFETY OF PASSENGERS OK STEAMBOATS.
The bill entitled " An act to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
vessels propelled in whole or m part by steam,
was read the third tiffie. . .
Mr. DAVIS. There is a slight omission on
the seventh page of the bill, at the ninth
which I desire to have supplied. We provide
in the bill for the pay of two inspectors m the
State of Texas, in the district of Galveston. On
looking at the bill as engrossed, I find that at the
portion of the bill which I have named, where the
districts are enumerated, the district of Galveston
is omitted. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to insert at the point which I have indi-
cated the words " Galveston in Texas.
The PRESIDENT. Unanimous consent must
be wiven in order to amend the bill at this stage.
No objection being made, the amendment was
made, and the bill passed.
WASHINGTON CITY GUARDS.
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a joint resolution, no
notice having been given. It is a joint resolution,
for supplying the Washington City Guards with
9.FIY1S *
Leave was given, and the resolution was read
the first time, as follows;
Be it resolved ' / the Senate and House of Jle]>re*etit-
r f/,Umt'cd Stales of Jlmeneain Congress assem-
ult tC,V the Secrotarv of War be and he is hereby au-
monzed'm loan to t^ai.li.ngton C.ty Guards such small
arms is may be suitable for a juvenile company. - _
Mr. CLEMENS. I ask that it may have a
second reading now. , c .
The PR ESI DENT. With a view to reference ?
Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir, I think it could be
pajfhe resolution was accordingly read a
time, was considered as m Committee .of the
Whole, was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
rscidino* , • j
Mr. BORLAND subsequently rose, and said:
Mr'President, a joint resolution, relative to fur-
nishing arms to the Wesh.ngton City Guards
! was this morning ordered to be engrossed It has
been encrossed, and 1 ask that it may now be read
a third time and passed. It was ordered to be
encrossed this morning without any opposition or
dissent, and 1 hope ibere will not now be any ob-
^Mr" HALE. This resolution is to furnish this
juvenile company with such arms as the Secretary
if War may1 thnik suitable to them. I think rt
would be belter to furnish them with Webster s
spelling-book. I must, therefore, object to the
third reading of the bill.
