892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
stated upon this floor that a portion of this appro-
priation has already been expended. I think the
gentleman from Oregon, made the statement. In
my first remarks you will find that I did not «ay
a word about a portion being expended.
Mr. LANE. 1 have it, Mr. Chairman, from
tlje Superintendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon,
who is now present, that $6,000 of this money
has been expended in negotiating with the Indians
residing in that section of country near the mouth
of the Columbia river. That much money, I have
no doubt, has been expended, and is now due.
Mr. L. then, with the unanimous consent of
the committee, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move, sir, to strike out
|12,000 and insert §6,000; It seems to me, if this
item passes at all, that the committee will see the
propriety of such a course as that indicated by my
amendment, taking it for granted, as I stated be-
fore, that §6,000 of this money has been actually
expended. If it be true that that amount has been
expended, we should make an appropriation to
cancel the debt thus incurred. I must sny, how
ever, that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
sending in his estimates, has not dealt fairly by
us, because he has sent in the estimates for con-
tinuing aporopriations which he has stated ex-
pressly to be based upon treaties already made.
Supposing $6,000 has been expended, 1 submit to
the committee whether we should appropriate
$6,000 more to go on with these treaties until we
know whether they are to be ratified and confirmed
by the Senate? It is known to all that these trea-
ties are objectionable; and it must strike every one
as being extraordinary that the Department should
ask for appropriations for expenditure in making
treaties with six,seven, or eight persons. It seems
to me that we ought to wait until these treaties
have been understood and acted upon by the other
branch of Congress, before we appropriate money
to make others of similar character. I, therefore,
trust that this amendment will be adopted. I olfer
it in good faith, arid because I think it ought to be
adopted. We ought to appropriate for the ex-
penses already incurred, but we should wait to
see the propriety of going on to appropriate more.
Mr. STANLY. I understand the amendment
of th« gentleman from Indiana is to reduce the
amendment of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means from $12,000 to $6,000. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
will not be adopted. The Committee of Ways
and Means, although so much fault has been
found with them by gentlemen upon the other
side of this House, have deserved the credit, at
least, of being warm advocates of economy. They
cut down this appropriation beyond what the de-
partment wanted. The gentleman from Oregon,
if I understand him, says that $12,000 is neces-
saiw. The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs says that it is; and he asks the House
that it should be increased to that amount; and I
think the House wiil do so, as gentlemen in their
positions are supposed to possess more knowledge
about it than the rest of us. Let us make that ap-
propriation of §12,000. I hope my friend and
colleague upon the committee from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hibbard] will not vote against it, al-
though it is advocated by gentlemen upon this side
of the House. I regret, sir, that a little while ago
my friend from Maryland [Mr. Walsh J thought
fit to advocate anolher appropriation, because it
gave my friend from New Hampshire the chance of
Saying, The other (Whig) side advocates it. His
idea is, sir, that if any one Whig makes a speech
out of order, like that of my friend from Flordia,
[Mr. Cabell,] at the first part of this session, on
the presidential election, it justified fifty Democrats
m doing the same thing. 'Now, they "have a large
majority over us; and if my friend, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, will keep
his disorderly folks, his uncontrollable men, un-
der control, we shall get along with the public
business, and finish the deficiency bill sometime
before the end of October. [Laughter.] But if
we go on, with amendment after amendment, cut-
ting down appropriations five dollars upon which
to hang five mmutespeeches—andthereare twenty
speeches made on the other side ef the House to
one of ours—we will not get through the bill until
the month of August. I hope the amendment will
not be cut down.
Mr. LANK. I imagine the committee are
willing to adopt this amendment. If I thought it
were so, I would not say another word. I move
to add twenty dollars to the appropriation. I will
not occupy five minutes. I wish merely to state
that I desire the committee shall understand every-
thing in relation to Oregon, and 1 hope we never
will have a state of things there which will make
it necessary to conceal anything. The Indian
title to the lands west of the Cascade mountains
has not been extinguished. Six thousand dollars
of this appropriation has been expended already
in purchasing Indian rights to a portion of that
country. I want to say to this committee, that
of the country north of the Columbia river, and
west of the Cascade mountains, upon which thou-
sands of white men are living, and twenty thou-
sand Indians, not a foot has been purchased—the
right of the Indians has not been extinguished to
a single foot. Towns and cities are being laid olf
upon Indian lands; but the owners and proprie- ■
tors-cannot sell their town lots, giving any kind of 1
conveyance, until the Indian right is extinguished, j
There are many good reasons why these negoti%- .
tions should progress without delay, that that
country may have the advantage of the extin-
guishment of the title of the Indians to their lands,
especially to that portion of country within the 1
settlements. I have said enough to satisfy the
committee that this appropriation ought to pass. ,
Mr. L., with unanimous consent, then with- ;
drew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. John son's amend-
ment.
Mr. HIBBARD. I have a word to say, and it
may as well be said in reply to the gentleman's
I amendment. I object to the withdrawal of the
amendment. I hope it will not he adopted, and
also that the appropriation as it now stands will
not be agreed to by the Committee. It will be
borne in mind, as has already been stated, that
these treaties are pending before the Senate. They
are questionable in their character. There may
be involved grave questions touching then adop-
tion .
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
the gentleman this question: He and the gentle-
man from Indiana seem to assume that because a
treaty has not been ratified by the Senate, there-
fore the expenses of that treaty ought noi to hi
paid. Do I understand that to be their objection ?
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 do not make that as&es,
tion. It may or may not follow. The course to
be taken by that committee, and the House, a
making appropriations, may be essentially modi
fied by the facts developed in the examination ol
the treaties before the Senate. Facts may appear
which would make it proper for the Government
to refuse to pay anything, or to withhold a part,
or to pay all. I do not wish to K,.y wtiat those
results will prove to be, because I do not know
what the facts are. I have heard rumors of the
same things alluded to by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and other re-
ports. I have heard them about the House, and
I do not know that they are correct, t do not
wish to broach them, because they m:i y be wrong;
but of one thing I am certain. No one who knows
the gentleman from Oregon, [Mr. La\:..] will, for
a moment, believe or suspect that he will ask for
an appropriation for anything which he supposes
to be tainted by fraud, or anything dishonorable.
I know that he* would spurn* from him aught of
that kind, if be knew of it. It is, asserted, how-
ever, that there is something rotten in this Den-
mark. I know not how it may be, and i will
wait to see. The genera! Indian aooropriatum
bill is before the Committee of Ways and Means.
It will be ere long before the House. It has been
reported from the Committee of Ways mil Alcana;
and, when it is taken up to be acted noon, there
will be ample time to consider this whole nitatuue.
We will then have light. Now, a word to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. t>t\xw-.1
who seems to have the political aspect of all ques-
tions in his especial view and keepine. Up mis-
understood me, in supposing me to think that be-
cause they did wrong upon thai side of the House,
that it would justify us in doing s" here. Far
from that, sir; we would then be justified in sin,
and that continually. ] wiil give the gemleia.ni
their proper due. For the much grou on cent,
but little of good practice, whieu has come ir-Vm
the other side of the House, I am he.,,-thy thank-
ful. I am obliged to the gentie-mmi jioni North
Carolina for his preachtn?, and, for misht I know,
he has practiced it on this occasion; but it comes
with a bad grace from that quarter. For one, 1
call the committee to witness, that it has been no-
torious in our action upon these amendments to
the deficiency bill—these enormous humps added
to the camel's back, strained almost to breaking
already, that nearly the whole body of the gen-
tleman's political associates upon this tloor have
voted for every one of them. By a sort of in-
stinct, that, I dare say, they came honestly by—
for it is natural to the party, whenever there is
proposed any grabbing or filching from the Treas-
ury—they go for it. There have been honorable
exceptions to this rule; but it is the rule, as every-
body here is aware, and as the recoid shows.
And so far as the gentleman from North Carolina
has been an exception, and to the extent he has
been so, I congratulate him and the country. Pre-
cept is good, but practice is better. His preaching
has been good. The elfect upon his political
friends is as 1 ha'.e stated; and 1 wish to state it
as a fact, and let it go out with the discussion to
the country. These extraordinary, sod, in my
judgment, improper additions, have been made to
this bill mainly by the votes of its Whig friends.
The last feather that may break the camel's back,
may have already been put upon it. 1 hope the
committee will put on no more, and 1 will respond
a hearty amen to the exhortation of my friend
from North Carolina.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to
make an amendment, adding one hundred dollars
to the amount of appropriation, for the purpose of
saying a few words in reply to the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
that amendment cannot be discussed, it having
been withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON. I propose, then, to add a
i thousand. The state of the case in dispute is sim-
ply this, as 1 understand, that treaties have been
1 made with the Indians—made by the treaty-ma-
king power, under the laws of the land. It is true,
that the making of these treaties b}7 Lhe Executive
does not make it irnpeiatne upon the Senate to
adopt them. They are not treaties until they are
ratified by the Senate; but the expenses have le-
I gaily and properly incurred, and the obligation of
the "Government to pay them, is undoubted, in my
: judgment, and is a part of the deficiency. If these
facts are true, I cannot see how the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibb.vud] can talk
about breaking the camel's back, which 1 suppose
1 means breaking the Treasury of the United States,
by imposing f, 12.000 for expenses that have been
incurred by the legitimate operations of this Gov-
ernment. Six thousand dollars, I understand, to
be asked for in nay debts already legitimately in-
curred by the tieaty-making power of this Gov-
ernment. There is no charge of extravagance or
impropriety of conduct, unless it is an impropriety
in negotiating with the remnant of the tribe.
Mr. HIBBARD. Thegcntlernanmisunderstood
me. My camel was the oil!, which, I am afraid,
my friends upon the other side would kill by load-
ing it down with excessive kindness.
• Mr. STANTON. I think remarks of that kind
; are altogether improper. The question is, ought
, this amount to be paid .* Is it legitimate—is it
t proper - And if it be so, how can you break the
, nick of tins bill' How can yoa render it unpop-
ular? is there any man, win is disposed to repu-
diate the debts of the Goternme.it acknowledged
to be leg-ium-.te ? Does the trentieman ask simply
that this appropriation shall be postponed until
another bill comes up; When it i.: admitted to be
correct if. 'nery item, why should it be postponed;
The debt is a'ready liifmroj, e.od the deficiency
clear and nacitt ivocah Nov.', I say to my Demo-
' ciatic trieu'j [Mr. i i no j upon the other side
of the House, that lie is doing injustice tohisown
party, by making objections of tb's hind, and
placing
tneoi uoon
n-tv :
mi.ds. If this is a
correct appropriation, it ought to be nas.sed. It
on^nt to be passed here in this bill, and 1, for one.
am di-pesed to vote for n-. and T think that the
party to which the gentleman belongs, and to
vilnc'i I claim to beion-, can well hear the odutm
of voting the appropriate.-* of;,6,000 for habiihtea
incurred tjy the Go\ ernment in pursuance of its
legitimate opera;,-jus. Where treaties have been
made by the Executive, which have been rejected
by the Senate, we ■: <nrepudiate the legitimate
expenses incurred.
