1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
monopoly. But if we give the right to anybody
to establish a line across the public domain, there
is no monopoly; and, if we choose to establish
more than one, the competition will be beneficial
to the public, instead of injurious.
As to what patent shall'be used, if any, I am
not certain but that it is already, by the bill, vested
in the President of the United States to determine;
because it says, the telegraph is to be established,
subject to such regulations and conditions as shall
be prescribed by the President of the United
States. My object in inserting that clause was,
thatthePresident should require telegraph stations
to be established at such points as the public ser-
vice might require. For instance, it may be im-
portant in our military operations, 011 many ac-
counts, that there should be a station ofa telegraph
from Fort Laramie, or Port Kearny, or any
other point; and that the President should require
the company that established the telegraph to keep
stations at such points as the public interest would
require, in order to facilitate the transmission of
intelligence, either to our army, or to any other
point. I think, with the amendment which I have
made, the bill is entirely free from objection, and
accomplishes all the object that the Senator from
Ohio suggests in his amendment, without subject-
ing it to the charge of authorizing the President to
establish a monopoly, by giving the privilege to
one man, and withholding "it from others.
Mr. CHASE. The bill, as it now stands, is
subject to the very objection which the Senator
from Illinois urges against the amendment which
] have submitted. No one, I apprehend, who
knows anything of the character of the telegraph
enterprise in this country, imagines that, over so
great an extent of territory, more than a single
line can be established. Of course then, if yougive
the authority to anybody, you give an exclusive
authority. That is clear. The question then re-
curs, what is the best mode of conferring that au-
thority? And if you confer it upon a single
individual, and those whom he may choose to as-
sociate with him, or who may choose to associate
themselves with him, you necessarily limit it to
one of these modes of telegraphing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion? Suppose I strike out the
name of Mr. O'Reilly entirely, and let the bill
read—" that any person or persons who may
choose to do so, are hereby authorized to estab-
lish a telegraph line,/' &c. Perhaps that will ob-
viate the objection, and 1 will consentsoto modify
it. Mr. O'Reilly's name was only inserted, be-
cause he petitioned for the privilege.
Mr. CHASE. I will accede cheerfully to that
suggestion. 1 wish to have-it understood, how-
ever, that whilst I am desirous that this thing
should be left open, and while I would prefer that
it should be left to the discretion of the Pres-
ident of the United States to make the contract on
such terms as he may think proper, I mean to
say nothing which would detract in the slightest
degree from Mr. O'Reilly. I know that gentle-
man, and I know him to be a very intelligent and
energetic man, who, having the means, would be
eminently qualified to carry through an enterprise
of this sort.
The question was taken on the amendment to
strike out the name of Mr. O'Reilly, so as to let
the bill read, " that any person or persons who
shall desire to do so, are hereby authorized to es-
tablish and operate a telegraph line,"&c.; and it
was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will be necessary to fill a
blank in the last section, which provides for car-
rying the provisions of the bill into effect. I am j
not aware of what would be the precise amount !
ofappropriation necessary; but I propose to insert, j
for the time being, fSHIO,6uO. !
Mr. HALE. I was about to ask the Senator j
from Illinois, who reported this bill, if he had t
made a calculation of how many men it would take 1
to occupy the stations and guard-houses, provided i
for in this bill, along the route. But I understand !
from him that the purpose of the bill is, that the
three regiments which are to be raised shall per-
form that duty. Three regiments of ten companies
each, and a hundred men to a company, if I cal-
culate aright, amount to three thousand men. And !
1 think, if any gentleman will look at the amount j
of our military expenses, not in time of war but J
in time of peace, when our troops were stationed j
along the coast and in forts years back, and then I
1757
; look at the number of men, they will find that it
j takes about $1,000 a man to support the Army in
time of peace at home. It will not, probably, be
less expensive to support them on this route than
t0 suPPort ^em at home on the coast.
If that be so, this appropriation, instead of being
$100,000, ought to be at least $3,000,000 to begin
with, for these three additional regiments, exclu-
sive of all the other expenditures which will have
: to be incurred for supplies, live stock, agricultural
; implements, the extinguishment of Indian titles,
| &c. I would suggest, whether it would not be
i better to make the sum so large as to meet the
; actual increase of expenditures which will be in-
i curred.
> Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, t meet here
the very difficulty which I had anticipated; and
that is this: J am afiaid the Senator from New
• Hampshire, and some others, have not read the*
| bill.
j Mr. HALE. 1 have read it.
I Mr. DOUG-LAS. If the Senator examined the
! matter, he would find that the large items of ex- f
j penditure for the regular army consist in the
| transportation, in the supplies for the ttnimals,and
| in the purchase of horses. Probably nine tenths
| of all the army expenses on the Western frontier
' are to he found under those items. The Senator
will find that under this bill all of this expense is
to be borne by the men themselves. They are to
furnish their own horses; they are to raise their
own supplies and forage along the line. Hence
we do not make any appropriation for these pur-
poses. The Committee on the Territories were un-
able to make a specific estimate of what would be ,
the necessary expenditures under this bill, and !
therefore we propose to put in $100,000 as a sum '
that will probably answer the purposes, and then
the Administration, from year to year, can esti-
! mate, hereafter, how much money will be required.
I presume that, for the present, $100,000 will be
enough.
Mr. HALE. I do not intend to say anything
to embarrass the bill, but I will state one fact. 1
had occasion some ten years ago—before Texas
was annexed, before the Mexican war, before any
of those extraordinary expenses growing out of
our increased territories, and those expenses to
which the Senator fiom Illinois has referred, oc-
curred—to look into the statistics; and I think
any gentleman who wili examine them .will find
that from 1840 to 1844, the military expenses of
the United States—not counting the naval estab-
lishment—were not less than $1,000 to each man
in the Army. That was before we had these extra
expenses to which we have been subjected by en-
larging the " area of freedom" so much as we
have done. I think that now, notwithstanding u
what the Senator has said, the expense on this line j!
will not be less. Notwithstanding the prudent i';
foresight with which these things have been and- !j
cipated, and the provisions which this bill makes j
for pea-patches and potato-fields on the route, I
apprehend that it will be found in the end not to
be much cheaper to support the Army there than
to support it at home on the coast. 1 think it will
be better to put into the bill what we think—what
we have reason to think—it will cost. My own
opinion is, that $3,UOO,UOO will not cover the ex-
penses. My own opinion is, that §3,000,000
would not more than do it if these men were to
be kept at home on the coast; and that $6,000,000
would be as small a sum as you can possibly
compromise for, if the bill shall be passed.
Now, I nsk, would it not be better to put into
the bill something like the sum which experience
has demonstrated to be necessary to support the
men, instead of inserting so small a sum as has
been proposed? I think £3,000,000 is the very
lowest sum which will be necessary.
Mr. MASON". Mr. President, this bill, it ;
seems to me, involves matter that should pass j
under the revision of the Committee on Military j
Affairs. It proposes to add three regiments to the j]
present military force of the United States; to |j
employ them on special duty, to be sure, and a '!
very peculiar and remarkable duty, as it strikes
me. But it proposes to add three regiments, num- !!
bering three thousand men, to the present military ;i
force of the United States. I had understood the ;j
general sense of the Legislature of the United [
States to be that there was a strong indisposition
to increase, for any purpose, the military force of
the United States. If I recollect correctly, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
within a few days past, reported a bill making a
small increase of the present military force for a
purpose, which lam free to admit, as at present ad-
vised, I consider a very imminent necessity—the
purpose of protecting the citizens who reside on
the Mexican border from the incursions and '
depredations which are daily committed there.
Hut how that bill may fare when it comes under
consideration, I am at present unprepared to say.
It is nowproposed, from a totally different quar-
ter, by the Committee on the Territories, as I un-
derstand, to increase the military force of the
United States, and to increase it by the large pro-
portionate number of three thousand men. And
for what purposes? For the purpose—first, of
protecting a line of telegraphic communication be- "
tween the Atlantic States and the State of Califor-
nia and the Territory of Oregon. A line of tele-
graphic communication that does not exist, and
probably will not exist for the next quarter of a
century, is to be protected by a military force, to
be raised immediately.
Then, for what further purpose? For the pur-
pose of protecting the mails that are to be trans-
ported from the Atlantic States to the State of
California and our possessions on the Pacific. £ '
am not aware that the mails are now carried from
the Atlantic States across the country to our pos-
sessions on the Pacific. If a proposition were to
come from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads to institute a mail route now to carry
the mails across the country to the Pacific, I, for
one, should be decidedly opposed to any such
policy, because it must involve an inordinate and
disproportionate expense, compared with thepres-
ent mode of transporting them across the Isth-
mus. At any rate, the mails are not now trans-
ported overland; and yet, in anticipation of such
a policy, it is proposed to make this large increase
to our military force.
Again, the third purpose for which this military
force is to be raised, is to protect the immigrants
who take this inland route across the country.
Now, so far as I am advised, there has been a '
stream of emigration, at the proper season of the
year, constantly tending from the present borders
of our settlements across the continent, to the Pa-
cific coast; but 1 am not aware that any very se-
rious Indian depredation has been committed there.
Now and then, from the accounts we get, we
know they meet with predatory bands of Indians,
but as far as I recollect, there have been no actual
hostilities.
But you are to raise 3,000 men for the purpose
of protecting telegraphic communications that do
not yet exist—for the purpose of protecting a mail
route that has not been established—and for the
purpose of protecting emigrants who take this in-
land mode of getting to the Pacific possessions,
when, as far as 1 am advised, there is no present
occasion for it. What is all this to cost? Why
the bill provides for a conjectural appropriation of
§100,000, not for, the purpose of paying these
troops, not for the purpose of subsisting them—
for they are to be paid and subsisted under exist-
ing laws—but for the purpose of enabling- the
President to carry into effect some incidental pro-
visions that are contemplated by this bill. The
honorable Senator says the soldiers are to sustain
themselves. I entertain a very great respect for
the judgment of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois upon any question, but 1 submit to him that
if we send these troops there to protect a country
of some 2,000 or 3,000 miles in extent, they would
have very little time to raise supplies hy agricul-
tural labor, or in any other way, and that that
advantage would be found to be purely conjec-
tural. But what is it to cost the country, what is
it to cost the Treasury, to raise these 3,000 men '
for these purposes, which at present, as far as I
understand the subject, are barely speculative?
The Senator from New Hampshire says that it
will cost §1,000 for each soldier. That would in-
volve an expenditure of $3,000,000. Are we to
expend this large amount for such speculative
purposes?
I do not mean to debate the subject to any very
great extent at present, but it seems to me that in
order to preserve harmony in the legislation of
the country, this bill, which is almost purely of a
military character, should pass under the revision
of the Committee on Military Affairs* I move
therefore that it be referred to that committee.
