1758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Mr. DOUGLAS; I think the Senator from
Virginia misapprehends the character of the bill to
which he objects. The object of the bill, as has
been previously stated, is to protect the regularly-
traveled emigrant route across the continent, and
the objects- to be accomplished are not merely m
anticipation or imaginary, but they are real; I
suppose there are now upon the plains, crossing
on this route, at least- 20,000 men, women, and
children, unprotected from Indian hostilities, and
every day more or less of them are scalped by the
savages. As long ago ns 184G a regiment of 1,000
men was attached to the regular Army for the ex-
press purpose of protecting this line. The neces-
sities of the country—we being engaged in a for-
eigu war—induced the President of the United
Stales to divert them from the objects for which
they were created, and sent them to Mexico.
Since that time it has been found necessary, or at
any rate it has been determined, to employ them
in other service than that of the protection of this
line.
I apprehend that no man will pretend that it
was consistent with the obligations of Congress
and of the Government to leave this emigrant line
unprotected. We are bound to protect our own
citizens, and there are high considerations which
require that this line especially shall be rendered
safe and secure. The question is, how is it to be
accomplished? Will you send your regular Army
there, or will you protect it by a line of military
colonization ? If you send the regular Army there,
you must also send supplies, both foi the an-
imals and for the men. We know that it is the
cost of transportation which constitutes a very
large proportion of the expenditure of the Army.
I think that military colonization will be found the
most effectual, and the cheapest mode of protecting
that line.
This bill provides for the raising of three regi-
ments of volunteers for three years, but they are
to be paid in land along the line. At the end of
three years we hope to be able to withdraw the
military machinery, and have a continuous line of
settlements from the States on this side of the
mountains, to the settlement in California and
Oregori. Your military force can then be with-
drawn. If, on the contrary, you do not encourage
military colonization, you must keep up your reg-
ular Army on the line forever. These three regi-
ments are to be raised as farmers principally, and
are required to raise their own provisions and sup-
plies for themsei ves and their animals, to the fullest
extent that that country will produce them. I
think that these three regiments can be sustained
on that line cheaper than one regiment of the reg-
ular Army can be sustained anywhere. If you
will make it a matter of comparison of dollars and
cents between the cost of the force provided under
this hill, and a regiment of regular troops, you
will find that the three regiments provided for by
this bill, will cost the Government less money—
perhaps not more than half as much money—as
one regiment of regular troops. It is true, the
expenditure for the first year will be much larger
than the expenditure for the Uvo years following.
But I believe that, as a matter of economy, as
well as of duty to our own citizens, this is the best
mode of accomplishing the object.
In regard to the suggestion of the Senator from
Virginia, that I was anticipating a mail route, and
providing a military force for the protection of it
before it was established, he happens to be en-
tirely mistaken. There has been for several years
a mail route established by law on this line, and a
mail carried regularly, whenever it can be carried
and protected against the Indians. It arises from
the necessity of the case. We hcive military posts
along the line. We have a territory half way upon
this line. Our mails go there, not with very great
regularity, not very often, but yet there are con-
tracts m existence for the regular transportation of
the mail. The provision as to a telegraphic line,
constitutes a mere incident of the bill.
Mr. MASON. I should like to learn from the
Senator if he is informed whether there is an ex-
isting contract for carrying the mail between any
of the States on the Mississippi, as Missouri, or
any other State, and the Territory of Oiegon or
the State of California inland'across the country,
and if it is, how often it is carried, and by whom ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not expecting to be cate-
chised upon this subject, I am not able to answer
in detail. I happen to know, however, that sev-
eral years ago—as early, I think, as 1846—-a mail
route was established across the country by law.
I happen to know that during Mr. Polk's admin-
istration, when Mr. Cave Johnson was- at the
head of "the Post Office Department, he made a
contract for the transportation of the mail from the
Missouri river to Utah.
Mr. ATCHISON. There is a mail route and
a mail carried from the frontiers of Missouri and
Iowa to the Salt Lake.
Mr. MASON. Is the,mail actually carried?
Mr. ATCHISON. It is carried to Utah.
Mr. DOUGLAS. A mail has been carried by
this route to Utah for some years. I know the
Department advertised for service on the'residue
of the route, both to California and Oregon. I do
not know whether any contracts*were made. But
this is entirely immaterial; the public interests re-
quire a mail upon the lme. And yet the mail is
the least important o.f all the objects of the bill.
The great object is to form a line of settlements,
so that traders, travelers, emigrants, and settlers
may be protected from the tomahawk and scalping-
knife of the Indians. I have no faith that we can
hold our settlements on the Pacific in connection
with those on this side of the mountains, unless we
have a line of settlements across the country. I
would like to know how, in the event of a foreign
war, you are to have any connection between the
Atlantic and the-Pacific States. I believe that the
safety of the Union, the integrity of the Republic,
requires that a communication across these moun-
tains should be kept up and rendered secure. I
believe that the only mode of accomplishing that
object is by a continuous line of settlements, and
that line of settlements can only be formed by mili-
tary protection for a short time until they are large
enough and strong enough to protect themselves.
I think that three years, under the operation of this
bill, would firmly establish such.alineof settle-
ments as would enable the people to protect them-
selves, at least on much the greater portion of the
route. I believe that the expenditure which will
be required under this bill, although it may be
large, will yet be small compared with any other
mode of protection that can be adopted. I believe
that this expenditure will be a matter of economy,
and will save this Government millions in the end,
if we now reduce the system to practice.
It may be that the bill is not drawn with as
much precision and as much skill as it ought to
have been. It may be that the members of the
Committee on Military Affairs could have done it
better. The reason it came from the Committee on
the Territories is, that the whole route is through
the Territories especially committed to our charge.
If it had not been referred to that committee, one
part would have gone to the Military Committee,
another portion to the Post Office Committee, and
that portion in relation to the telegraphic lines
would have gone I know not where. Some por-
tion of the bill would have had to go to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. In order to avoid
this confusion territorial bills embracing various
subjects are usually sent to the Committee on the
Terutories, and we take charge of all the various
subjects, whether they refer to roads, to military
or Indian affairs—whatever they may be, we take
charge of all. It seems to be appropriate in the
nature of the case, that the Committee on the Terri-
tories should combine and blend all the objects in
the same bill. 1 do not wish to discuss this bill.
1 only wish to make explanations, so far as ob-
jections are made to any items of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright m
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois, to fill the blank in the
last section of the bill with ^>100,000.
Mr. HALE. Does not the motion to commit,
made by the Senator from Virginia, take prece-
dence of that motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir; the
Senate is now considering the bill as in Committee
of the Whole, and the question must first be taken
on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, to refer the bill to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no particular objec-
tion to the reference of this bill to the Committee
on Military A flairs. 1 am a member of that
committee, and although I have not consulted
the other members of it, I would indulge the hope
that if referred to them it would be favorably con-
sidered by them—at any rate, that they would
throw no obstacles in the way of its passage.
But I do not see tKe necessity of giving it that ref-
erence. I do not see any interest it affects which
brings it within the particular jurisdiction of, or
the range of duties assigned to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I think it is a misapprehension
of its character and object—the main object, which,
lies at the bottom of it—to regard this bill as a
militarxj measure. True, it has a military feature;
but it is by no means its most important, as cer-
tainly it is not to be a permanent feature. Its
true character and objects are eminently civil, and
relate directly, chiefly, and for ultimate perma-
nency, to the disposition and settlement of the
public lands. Connected with thisgeneral object,
it is true it has, as I admit, a present important
military feature. But even in that, during its
temporary existence, so far from requiring, as the
Senator from Virginia [Mr.- Mason] seems to
suppose, an extravagant or even an increased ex-
penditure of money, it is calculated, even as a
military measure, in my opinion, to reduce.-,the
enormous cost of our present military establish-
ment.
We know that a very large portion of our
money expenditures for the military service has
resulted from the transportation of troops, muni-
tions of war, and provisions along a portion of
this very route, and a maintenance of a military
force in our new possessions West. I apprehend
that this very kind of service has cost us more
than all the rest of our military establishments to-
gether, as it has been ad ministered. Atany rate, it
has cost much more in proportion to the number
of troops employed in that service an4 elsewhere.
Such, at least, if I understand it, is the excuse or
explanation given by the present Administration
for the amazing amount they have expended for
the military service during the last three years.
It is true, I believe, as has been suggested here,
that the expenditure for our whole military estab-
lishment has been, during that period, something
like a thousand dollars ($1,000) per annum, for
every man employed. Probably it is more than
that, for while our whole military force does not,
I think, exceed ten thousand men, we have had to
pay something more than twelve millions of dollars
($12,200,500) a year for its maintenance during
the past three years of profound peace. This
pays twelve hundred dollars ($1,200) a year for*
each man.
Gentlemen must be mistaken in supposing that
it will cost anything like #1,000 per man, or an
aggregate of $3,00^,000, to maintain the three
regiments proposed to be raised by this bill. How
can it cost so much ? Their ordinary pay and
emoluments, as provided in the hill, are to be paid
in the ordinary way, and at the well-known scale
of prices, as we pay the other portions of the
army, even in this region of country—not what
it costs now, in the distant land where wepropose
to employ this force. It is the object, as this bill
expressly provides, to avoid and obviate the heavy
'outlay which has been and is now paid for-trans-
portation, &c., at the same time that the service
will be adapted to the end in view, and be far more
efficiently and usefully performed.
These troops are to be paid no more than the
rifle regiment of our regular army, originally
raised for this very service, but since diverted from
it; and besides that, they are "to raise, gather,
4 and preserve all the provisions, breadstuff's, for-
4 age and supplies, of whatever kind, which shall
' be necessary to sustain themselves and their un-
' imals, without cod to the Government, to the fullest
' extent, that the country can be made to yield
* and produce the same." And still further-^-they
" shall furnish their own clothes, and horses and
horse equipments." They are to be allowed the
same pay, only, as the mounted troops of the regu-
lar Army, no matter where employed, and, like
those troops, to " be armed at the expense of the
United States." Here we see that, while it is in
the matters of pay and arms, only, they cost the
Government anything—and, in those items, no
more than the same number would cost in any
portion of the country, no matter how cheap, the
whole cost of mounting, clothing, equipping, and sub-
sisting, which can scarcely be estimated at less
than three hundred dollars per annum, for each
man, is saved to the Government; for it is just so
