894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26.
shall be this session. I have endeavored to get
this bill through. Nobody has tried harder to do
it than I have. I have uniformly supported the
chairman of Ways and Means in his efforts. I
have nev r talked but to the purpose. Only once
have I consumed the whole of my five minutes'
time, and I shall not do it now.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
by increasingthe appropriation two dollars. I did
not anticipate, when [ made the remarks which I
did, that the gentleman from North Carolina would
go into an investigation of the time that I have been
in the House, and the time that I have been absent
from it. I did not go into that sort of an investi-
gation of his conduct, and I should condemn my-
self if I undertook to investigate, even in general
terms, the conduct of my fellow-members upon
this floor in that respect. But I can say to the
gentleman from North Carolina, that I will refer
to the journal, and I shall be found as regular
in attendance as he has been. I will say to him
that I have been in as constant attendance, and
that I have paid as strict attention to the public
business as he has. And I will say to him fur-
ther, that when he reflects upon having cast such
a-reflection upon a member as that of not attend-
ing to his public duties, constituting himself the
judge, he should be ashamed of it, as he was of
iiis conflict with the Abolitionist from Ohio. It is
a thing that I would not do. It is a thing that I
would not herald to the country to affect any
member before his constituents. Unless I could
produce facts, I would not hazard my reputation
by stating a thing which was not correct, accord-
ing to the records of the House.
Mr. STANLY. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee. The gentleman
says he did not anticipate an investigation into his
conduct when he commenced this discussion. I
have no doubt of it. If he had he would not
have cast the first stone about my consuming the
public time. The gentleman began it. Was it
not as fair for me to say that he consumed time
out of the House, as for him to say that I did it
in the House? The gentleman commenced it. I
made no allusion to him. I was discussing mat-
ters regularly and legitimately. There is nobody
in this House who has more to fear from an inves-
tigation as to inattention to business, than the
gentleman from Tennessee.
He says he would have been ashamed if he had
done as I have done. I am much obliged to the
gentleman. I do not design to indulge in person-
alities. I can only say that if he continues to talk
in that way, I fear I shall have other conflicts
to be ashamed of besides that with the member
from Ohio.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the clause pro-
viding for the traveling expenses of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Oregon, by striking
out " $2,000 " and inserting " $4,000."
1 think that is just the sum which is required to
pay the traveling expenses of this superintendent.
It is the amount asked for in the estimates of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs; and, as I said, I
believe it is little enough. I hope, therefore, the
committee will agree to adopt the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. As there seems to be a dis-
position to get along with this bill, I will not go
into a full explanation of the facts in the case. I
will merely say, that the Committee of Ways and
Means, upon a full investigation of the rase, and
upon a full conversation with the superintend-
ent himself, came to the conclusion that §2,000
■was all that was necessary, and therefore they
put that amount into the bill.
Mr. LANE. I ask the gentleman if he under-
stood from the superintendent of Indian affairs
that $2,000 was sufficient?
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not. But from his
conversation, and from the investigation made by
the Committee of Ways and Means, we came to
that conclusion ourselves, and therefore we adopted
that sum.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. MEADE moved a pro forma amendment
to the clause providing for the balance due the Ot-
tawa and the Chippewa Indians, under the fifth
article of the treaty of 1836.
He said, I desire that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will explain this sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is for an appropriation of
$624 22, for the fulfillment of our treaty with
those Indians, and is ultimately carried to the sur-
plus fund of the Indian bureau. I learn that the
practice of that bureau is, that they do not feel
themselves bound to carry to the surplus fund
money, according to the general construction of
the law requiring it to be done, but they keep
those sums of money until the objects for which
they were appropriated have passed by. In this
case, they supposed it would not become neces-
sary; but it really has become necessary that the
sum should be appropriated to meet the demands
upon the bureau by our treaty stipulations.
Mr. MEADE then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend by adding the
following, as an independent clause:
"For the predion of a warehouse in which to store goods
designed for issue to Indians, $5,000.
[Cries of " Vote it down."]
Mr. LANE. Before the Committee vote down
the amendment, I think it would be well to call
their attention to some facts connected with it. I
understand that when the commissioner made
out his report upon the facts presented to him, he
asked for $5,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is clearly out of order. It is for
a new work, and is not a deficiency at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. LANE. I would like to give some rea-
sons why it is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
[In consequence of a storm about three o'clock
p. m., which had suddenly arisen, the Hall had
become so dark, as to render it almost impracti-
cable to proceed with business.]
Mr. ORR. It is so dark that we cannot go on
with business; I move that the committee do now
rise.
[Loud cries of " No !" " No!"]
The question was put, and on a division thirty-
four rose in the affirmative.
The CHAIRMAN. There is evidently a ma-
jority in the negative.
Mr. ORR. It is so dark, the Chair could not
tell how many voted. I ask that the other side
be counted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that the noes have it.
Mr. ORR. I ask that the other side be count-
ed, and I have the right to demand it.
The noes were then counted, and the commit-
tee refused to rise—ayes 33, noes 82.
The following clause to the bill was then read:
" For the contingent expenses of the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Minnesota, viz: •
"For printing and publishing the Revised Statutes,
making an index thereto, and superintending their publica-
tion, .^-1,500.
" For binding the Revised Statutes, $300."
Mr. SIBLEY. I move to strike out the clause
providing for binding the revised statutes, and to
insert the following:—
For necessary extra clerks during the latter part of the
sessions of the Legislative Assembly, binding the Revised
Statutes, and other necessary incidental expenses, $2,000.
I do not propose to take up the time of this
committee by any remarks upon this amend-
ment. I will merely state the fact that it is in ac-
cordance with the estimates of the First Comptrol-
ler of the Treasury, indorsed by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and sent to the Committee of
Ways and Means,
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. SIBLEY submitted the following amend-
ment, which was agreed to, viz:
For payment of Messrs. Babcock, Wilkinson & Hol-
combe, for revising tile laws of Minnesota, eaell $500.
The following clause was then read, viz':
" For outfits of Charges d'Affaires to Denmark and Bo-
Iivia, $9,000."
Mr. GOODENOW. I wish to amend that
clause by adding the following:
And for additional compensation to a commissioner to
the Sandwich Islands, $-3,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I think that amendment is not in
order. It provides for a new salary, and is not a
deficiency.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to offer the
following amendment:
To supply the deficiency in the appropriations for the
relief of the American citizens lately imprisoned and nar-
doned by the Queen of Spam, §3,000.
I received this morning, from the acting Secre-
tary of State, written under the direction of the
President of the United State's, a letter, requesting
the additional appropriation to be made. There
was accompanying the letter from the Secretary,
a communication from Mr. Whittlesey, the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, containing the actual
amount which had been expended for the relief
of these prisoners. There is a deficiency of
§2,016 55, and there are other accounts which
have not yet come in. Under the original law
providing for the relief of those persons it is pro-
vided that the relief shall be restricted to the ex-
penditure of so much as may be necessary to pay
the expenses incurred. If this appropriation
should be found too large by a few dollars, there-
fore no injury will ensue. A part of these ex-
penses have been actually paid by the Depart-
ment, and it is a case which demands immediate
action.
Mr. HOUSTON. It seems, by the shape in
which the gentleman from Virginia now offers this
amendment, that heisto settle our accounts in that
quarter in advance. Now, if he was satisfied as
to the true amount, and could tell this committee
what it would be, it would be a different matter.
But he tells us there are still outstanding accounts
which have not come in. He asks for a certain
amount now; but we cannot tell but we yet have
to make still another appropriation afterwards.
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman will allow me
I will say that the Comptroller, Mr. Whittlesey, is
as rigid an economist as can be found in this
country, and it is obvious that if we should ap-
propriate a few dollars too much, nothing would
be lost. I will read the letter of the Secretary of
State:
Department of State, )
Wesiiington, March 2.5, 1852. 5
Sir: By the resident's direction T have the honor to
transmit, herewith inclosed, a letter addressed to this De-
partment by the First Comptroller of the Treasury, contain-
ing a statement of the expenses already incurred in reliev-
ing the necessities of those citizens of the United States,
members of the late Lopez expedition against Cuba, who
were taken to Spain and have been pardoned and released
by the Queen of that country. You will notice that tile
Comptroller reports a deficiency in the amount appropriated
by the act of Congress of the 10th ultimo, and suggests a fur-
ther appropriation of ,$3,000. To this suggestion the Presi-
dent directs me to invite your particular attentiun.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant,
W. HUNTER, .Acting Secretary.
Hon. Thomas H. Bayly, y
Chanmanof the Committee on Foreign Jljfairs,
House of Representatives.
The communication of the Comptroller is the
following:
Treasury Department, i
Comptroller's Office, March 34, 185-.2. j
Sir : By an act approved oil the 10th of Februarv, 1852,
there was appropriated the sum of $6,000, or so much tlleie-
ofas might be necessary, for the relief of American citizens
lately imprisoned and pardoned by the dueen of Spain, and
who were without the limits of the United States, to be
expended under the direction of the President of the United
Stales.
You were pleased, under the authority of the President,
to commit the settlement of the expense of said persons, to
the Fifth Auditor and Fin-t Comptroller.
Joel D.Hughes and FentonB Houeh, two of said Ameri-
can citizens, were conveyed from Vigo to Gibraltar, and
Horatio S, Sprague, consul at Gibraltar, shipped them from
thence to Boston, as Ainoncan distressed seamen, 111 the
brig Oak, at a compensation of.$10 for the passage of each,
were allowed for working their passage at the rate
ot a month each, amounting to  <352 00
Captain Jacob T. Woodbury, master of the Ameri-
can ship Prentice, has been paid for conveying
trom Vjgo to New York, ninety-five of said per-
sons, at .-$40 cach, the sum of  3,800 00
Dcwald, one of «nid American citizens,
beirur at Southampton, England, Joseph Rodney
Crosby, American consul, provided for him and
paid his passage to the United States. The bill
and draft were appioved by Mr. Lawrence, at
London, and paid    30 50
$•3,882 50
Mr. Barringer, American Minister in Spain, on the 13th
of January, 1852, authorized Don Manuel Barceno, vice-
consul ot the United States at Vigo, to contract with Cap-
tain Jacob Woodbuiy, of the American ship Prentice, to
convey ninety-five of said persons from Vigo to the United
States, at #*40 each person. Such contract was made in
writing, and signed, sealed, and delivered m due form.
