1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
The persons were delivered m New York according to the
contract, of winch Mr. Maxwell, the collector, furnished
pjnof; and the said sum of $3,800 was paid to Captain
Woodbury.
Amount of appropriation $6,000 00
Diawn and paid .  3,882 50
Tins sum undidwn 50
A draft was drawn by Mr. Barceno, on 23d of February
last, in favor of Frederick Huth& Co., of London, upon the
Depaitment of State, at fifteen days.' sight for... $4,134 05
The above sum undrawn  2jll7 50
This sum deficient to cover expenses $2,016 55
Accounts accompany this draft or bill, for board, clothing,
and medicines, to an amount equal to the diaft or bill,
which are stared with great minuteness; and I have no
doubt they embrace such expense* as Congress intended to
pay. It is not improbable that other bills to a small amount
may be presented, it is necessary to have an additional
appioprintion to pay the draft last mentioned.
I think an estimate of .$3,000 would he sufficient to cover
all the expends that may be presented.
Most sincerely and respectfully yours,
ELIriHA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. Daniel "Webster, Secretary of State.
Mr. B. Now, it is obvious that nothing can be
lost by making this appropriation. There is al-
ready an actual deficiency of $2,016 55.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, let it go. Let it go.
The following clause was then read:
"For compiling, printing, and binding the Biennial Re-
gister for 1851, in addition to the amount appropriated per
act ol 3d March, 1851, $3,200."
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose, sir, to offer an
amendment, under the instructions of the Ways
and Means Committee, reducing that amount of
$3,200 to $1,800. It is done, sir, in pursuance of
a request from the Ways and Means^Committee
and the Secretary of Stale, who wish this amount
to be reduced to $1,800.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are otheramendments,
sir, which I have been instructed to offer by the
Committee of Ways and Means, two or three of
which are very essential, I suppose. I propose
the following:
For the trial and maintenance of the light at Waugas-
ham, Michigan, $1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is for the purpose of
testing this light-house before it is passed over
from one department to the control of another.
Mr. FITCH. I do not see how that light-
house comes into this deficiency bill. We have
a light-house system, and I think a deficiency bill
is not a proper place for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true. But in the
remaining portion of the fiscal year it is desired
by the Government to test the sufficiency of this
light-house and its various apparatus, for the pur-
pose of seeing whether it comes up to the contract
under which it was built.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mv. HOUSTON. I have another amendment
to offer under the instructions of the Committee
of Ways and Means. It is as follows:
For expenses incurred in laying down gas pipes, fixtures,
and so forth, into anil around the northeast Executive
building, $400.
A Member. What is that " so forth " for?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will strike out the " so
forth " if you please.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is an amendment which
I suppose will explain itself, which is submitted
under the direction of the Committee of Waysand
Means.
For purchasing, walling, and ditching a piece of land
near the city of Mexico, for a cemetery oi burial-ground, for
such of the officers and soldiery of this army m our late
war with Mexico as !<jII m battle, or died, m and about said
city, and for the interment of American citizens who have
died or may die in said city, §1,480 34.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the balance found
to be due after the purchase and erection of all the
works they have there.
Mr. EVANS. Ten thousand dollars were ap-
propriated last year.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary of State writes
and says that this much is due after the settlement
of the accounts.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is another amendment,
which the House will understand, for it hss been
before the House already. I submit it under the
direction of the Committee of Ways and Means:
And be it further enacted, That there be appropriated
. out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
! ated, in sums sufficient to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
- ury to pay torprmting four hundred and fifty copies of the
, estimates of appiopnations for the service of the tiscai year
• 1853, at the rate paid by him for the printing of the Treas-
| ury Department by contract, under the provisions of the
; seventeenth section of the act of the 26th of August, 1842.
I Mr. HOUSTON. The committee desire, in
reference to this matter, to offer an explanation,
: which is this: That this printing bill, which was
j before this House at an early stage of this session,
I was referred, as you will remember, to the Commit-
; tee on Printing, who returned it again, and it was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
to make this appropriation. The bill, as charged
by the public printer, is about $1,000. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means not being possessed
of data sufficient to say whether it was correct or
not, proposed that the Secretary of the Treasury
should pay it, if it did not exceed the rate he was
paying under his contract price.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
j Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to propose the fol-
lowing amendment:
And be it farther enacted, That no part of the appropria-
tions herein made, or hereafter to be made, for the benefit
j of any tribe, or part of a tribe of Indians, shall be paid to
I any attorney or agent of such tribe, or part of a tribe, but it
j shall, in every case, be paid directly to the Indians them-
■ selves, and " per capita," unless the imperious interests of
; the Indians shall require the payment to be made c^llec-
i lively, nor shall the Executive branch ot the Government
; hereafter recognize any contract between any tube, or part
| of a tribe, and any attorney or agent, for the prosecution
of any claim against the Government."
Mr. STANLY. I vise to a point of order. Is
that amendment in order upon this bill? There is
no deficiency there, sir. 1 should like to under-
stand this.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable.
Mr. JOHNSON. It controls and directs the
disposition of the appropriations therein contained,
and establishes a general law which cuts off those
agencies and corruptions complained of so much.
I Mr. GENTRY. Payments will cease after we
I cut off the agents.
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
j that the amendment, so far as it proposes a gen-
j eral law, is not in order.
I Mr. CLEVELAND. I submit whether it is
| not in order, for the purpose of directing the mode
! of the payment of the money appropriated by this
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states that, if
the amendment purported to confine itself to the
manner in which payments of money appropria-
ted in this bill should be paid, it would be in or-
der.
Mr. GENTRY. It is much in the nature of a
proviso to an appropriation.
Mr. HALL. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Chair has
decided that that part of the amendment is in or-
der which regulates and directs the course of pay-
ments of the appropriations in this bill for Indian
affairs. I rise to ask the Chair whether or not
both parts of the amendment are not so intimately
! connected that they cannot be separated ?
j The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state,
j that the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
! Woodward] may withdraw his amendment, and
i modify it to suit his pleasure.
j Mr. JOHNSON He cannot withdraw it. It
j is the best thing for the Government that has been
' offered for the last three weeks. We will never
i have an opportunity again to offer it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I submit to the Chair
whether, under the rules of the House, he has a
right to withdraw it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman may withdraw his amendment after a ques-
tion of order is raised, and the Chair has decided
the amendment out of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. But we can take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that an
appeal cannot affect it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I submit how can that de-
cision be made under the express rules of the
House?
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Woodward.] Any one who hears
it will say it is right.
The amendmentwas accordingly read, as above
inserted.
Mr. STANLY. What does the Chair decide ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
inasmuch as this amendment purports to create a
general law in relation to the Indian department,
it is not in order as amendment to this bill.
Mr. EVANS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,]
that he should strike out the words " or hereafter
to be made."
Mr. WOODWARD. I am willing to strike
out those words, but they tell me it is not in order
for me now to do it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that we shall have
a decision upon the appeal.
Mr. FOWLER. Upon the question of appeal
I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Durham and
Robbies were appointed; and the question being
taken, the tellers reported—ayes 75, noes 50.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. WOODWARD. I will modify the amend-
ment by striking out the words "or hereafter to
be made."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. It is, that the amendment is not in order
as an amendment to this bill.
Tiie CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would suggest that the amendment be again read
as amended, and then the ^-.ntleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cllvgman] can state his point of
order.
The amendment was then read, as modified by
; Mr. Woodward, by striking out the words indi-
cated above.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I should have no objec-
tion to the first branch of the amendment, and I
presume that it would be in order as applicable to
the provisions of this bill; but the latter portion
provides for contracts geneially, and not the par-
ticular cases in the bill; it provides that the Execu-
tive shall not recognize any contracts made here-
after. I presume, therefore, that the objection
originally taken will still apply to the amendment
as it now stands.
Mr. CLEVELAND. As I understand that
amendment, as modified by the mover of it, it con-
fines the action of the Executive to the very matter
about which the first part of this bill relates, and
it is, therefore, clearly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
true construction of the last part of this amend-
ment is to give it a future operation. If the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward]
does not intend that, and will introduce a word or
two, to prevent such a construction, the Chair
thinks it will be in order.
Mr. WOODWARD. My object was to make
a general provision. That being ruled to be out
of order, my object now is to make the provision
special, and whatever alteration will make it so I
will accept.
Mr. STANLY, Does not the amendment refer
to contracts already made? I think it does. Now,
I submit the point of order whether it is right in
adopting this provision, to run the risk of altering
existing laws, and embarrassing the departments,
without at least giving it the consideration of some
Committee? If it had come from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, or the Committee on Military
Affairs, I would not have made any objection
to it.
Mr. WOODWARD, I understand the pro-
vision to apply to the appropriations made under
this bill.
Mr. STANLY. If it is so worded, I will make
no objection. It applies, as I understand, to all
contracts heretofore made.
The CHAIRMAN. It only applies to such as
shall arise in the payment of the money appro-
priated by this bill.
Mr. STANLY. How is the money to be paid—
under treaties now in force? Does it contract that
it shall be paid under existing laws?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
may be a reason for not adopting the amendment,
but it is not for that reason out of order.
Mr. STANLY. I thought there was a rule
