1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1753
much more, which we now pay for every mounted
soldier in our service for the items I have enumer-
ated, than this hill proposes for these regiments.
And in this saving1, I have not estimated the trans-
portation of provisions and forage, or its purchase
at a high price—all of which isavoided, and there-
fore saved to the Government. Some*compensa-
tion, it is true, is to be allowed each man, for
these expenses, in the way of a grant of land—a
section or six hundred and forty acres—at the
" end of his term of service. But this can be hardly
estimated in the expense to" the Government; for
we have, long since, granted to settlers in Oregon,
the same quantity of land, for the mere act of set-
tlement, without requiring any service at all.
On the score of expense, then, I think no objec-
tions to this bill can be allowed any weight.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would inquire of the
honorable Senator whether the regiments to be
raised under this bill are not to be mounted, and
whether that will not be a very great additional
expense ?
Mr. BORLAND. The men are to be mounted;
but, as I have shown, the bill expressly provides,
at then* own expense.
But suppose, for the argument, everything the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] says, on the
score of expense, be true; suppose it would cost
three millions a year for this pui'pose, I for one,
sir, do not hesitate to say, that in view of all the
advantages to the country at large,—the saving of
expense in other departments, the increased value
it would give to the public lands, the extension
of the settlement in our country, the establishment
of a proper communication between the Mississippi
valley and the Pacific coast,—I should regard such
an expenditure, even double as much, as more
than compensated—as t£dust in the balance,"
against the good it would purchase for us.
Sir, we have been talking for years about estab-
lishing a railroad across the continent, from the
Mississippi valley to the Pacific ocean. Has any
one whoever considered that project—and we
know how it has been favored—been startled when
you spoke of the expense ? I have known it dis-
cussed in reports and in speeches; but a few mil-
lions' of dollars never entered in the argument
against it. Suppose any one were to come be-
fore the Congress of the United States, and sug-
gest that a good communication from the Missis-
sippi valley to the Pacific ocean—even as a
practical basis for a railroad—could be established,
and a line of roads and settlements made, for
$9,000,000, and propose to do it for that sum. If
we did not suppose he was a visionary, or an in-
sane man,and that it would not be safe and proper
to have transactions with him, we would hardly
permit his proposition to escape his lips, before
we would close a bargain with him. I apprehend
there is no man in either House of Congress, or
anywhere in the country, who would not be will-
ing to pay $9,000,000 for such a communication
as I have suggested. And, yet, here is almost its :
equivalent—a proposition from one of the ablest
of our committees, to take the indispensable step,
and make not a mere road, but a continuous line
of American civilized settlements clear across the
continent, and connecting, by a living chain, the
two great, and now widely-separated divisions of
our possessions; and gentlemen imagine an ex-
pense of §9,000,000, and start back in horror
from it! Its real cost would not, in my opinion,
be one third part of that sum.
I may be wrong in the view I have taken of this
measuie. I may be wrong in the estimates I have
made of the advantages which are to result from
it. But I am more mistaken than I have ever been
in my life, if, for the expenditure necessary to
establish this line of communication between the
Pacific and Mississippi valley, upon the plan pro-
posed, at which gentlemen seem to be so much j
alarmed, we would not have a Une of commumca- j
tion antfhi line of settlements at the end of three |
years, and accomplish as much as we could hope j
to accomplish in twenty years, by undertaking, as ;
an independent thing, as heretofore proposed, at j
this day to make a railroad directfrom the Missis- ;
sippi valley to the Pacific ocean. Why, sir, Mr. [
Whitney, whose proposition has been received in j
both Houses of Congress, and all over the conn-
try with so much favor, and on a direct vote, taken ;
as a test question here, lacked but eight votes of j
being adopted by the Senate—proposed that you j
should give him to make a railroad—how much.'' >■
A strip of country sixty miles wide, running from
Lake Michigan to the Pacific ocean ' Even that
was not considered extravagant in its amount,
in view of the great advantages which would re-
sult to the country from the establishment of a
proper line of communication. And remember
too, sir, that was upon a line of which not one
tenth part of the population of the States of this
Union could have availed themselves with any
great advantage—perhaps not one twentieth part,
m comparison with a communication across the
country in the region where this is proposed to be
made, i have always believed that, if the prac-
tical intelligence and good faith of Mr. "Whitney
had been confided in, his proposition would have
been acceded to by Congress. There are those
who have not despaired of his scheme yet. I am
not of them.
It seems to me that some of our friends, who-
reside in the older States, manifest far too much
concern whenever a pioposition is made to extend
our settlements westsvard,and open up new fields
for the enterpnse of our people, lest we should
inflict some injury upon them, by draining off
their population to more attractive regions than
they now inhabit and cultivate. 1 apprehend that
just the same fears were entertained years ago,
Mr. President, when you (Mr. Bright in the
chair) and i were little boys, that-, as the country
was opened west of the Allegany mountains,
and the Mississippi valley began to be settled,
the old States would be drained of their popula-
tion, and a great rival would be built up there,
which would inflict serious injury upon them as
communities. But what has the result been ?
Has any injury been inflicted upon the older
States? Has a rival been built up in the great
valley of the Mississippi, which has robbed them
of prosperity?—which has detracted anythingfrom
the value of their lands, or tlie profits of their in-
dustry, or their improvement in any way as com-
munities? So fafTrom it, it may be asserted with
entire confidence, that not a man has settled in the
Mississippi valley, not"a house has been built
there, not a dollar has been expended there, which
has not contributed tenfold to the prosperity of
every State east of the Allegany mountains. If
we could suppose such a thing as that our settle-
ments had not extended west of those mountains,
and that the Mississippi valley—I speak of it in
its whole extent—was now unsettled, as it was
forty or fifty years ago, I apprehend that neither
the land nor the business pursuits of any kind in
the older States would compare in value with what
they now are. The truth is—and no man can be
blind to it, or disregard it—every settlement made
m the West, requiring the immigration of people,
or the use of money, has been, and continues to
be, an investment of capital which has paid, and
will continue to pay, the largest interest to the
people of the original States which capital invested
by any people lias ever paid since business pur-
suits ever engaged the attention of mankind.
Sir, though I am a resident of the western
country, and very far West—beyond the Missis-
sippi river—I am a native of this region of country.
And however strongjy duty binds me to the land
of country in which I live, and however strong I
'feel it to be my duty to watch over the interests of
that land, and make it the object of my special
care, every feeling of my heart binds me to the re-
gion east of the mountains, particularly to the
region round about here, within no great distance
from which I was bom. I was born and raised
within the smell, almost in sight of salt water—
the Atlantic ocean—and although my more active
duties bind me to the West, 1 can never forget the
land of my birth; and would be as far from advo-
cating any measure which could inflict injury upon
her, as any man who now lesides within the Old
Dominion. She has not now,and never had, and
never will have a son, even if he never goes be-
yond her borders, who loves her, or can love her,
more than I do. I would as soon do aught to dis-
honor the memory of my mother, as advocate
any measure which could detract from the honor
or the welfare of that good old State m winch I
first drew my breath. It is characterise of her
sons—[ trust" it ever will be the pride of V Iranians
to cherish her ntmie and fame as idols of the heart.
For myself, dear land of my biith—
li Where'er T <ro, whatever reality lo M'e,
My iseart untraveled, tomily turns to
But I do believe, and, as far as observation and
experience can be relied upon as the basis of belief,
there can be no doubt that every step we take,
every lick we strike for the extension of the settle-
ments and the increase of the prosperity of the
\V estern country, lellects upon the interests, the
honor, the strength, and the permanent welfare of
this region of country—of Virginia, and all her
old sisters, with honors and advantages augmented;
tenfold.
I suggested here the other day a consideration
for the more Western States—particularly the one
which I have thehonor in part to represent here
—that not only the advantages, but the necessity
of extending settlements still further west of us. I
was once toid, and I confess, when the suggestion
was first made to mc, only a few years ago, on
the first setting out of the immense emigration to
California, I was dubious of its influence upon the
State in which I live, and other Western 'States, -
on account of the immense and sudden draft upon
our population. 1 know there was a temporary
disadvantage to us resulting from that emigration;
I know it drained off a number of the most ac-
tive and enterprising of our people; 1 know it
carried off a large amount of the money of the
country; I know that, under the excitement for
the gathering of gold, the business of the whole
country was unsettled for a time—a sort of gam-
bling: spirit pervaded the community. In view'of
all that, I hesitated—nay, I had painful apprehen-
sions as to the ultimate consequences of such a
state of things. I did not encourage it. Indeed,
for a little while I actually opposed it. But no
great observation and experience—no long looking
forward—no elaborate estimates of causes and
effects—were necessary to relieve my mind of all
fears, and satisfy me that, so far from a lasting or
even serious injury, it was but a temporary incon-
venience, to be-compensated tenfold—ay, an hun-
dredfold, by the advantage we would gain by the
extension of settlements west of us, which would
place us between two settled, civilized countries,
give us an outlet for trade and commerce on both
sides of us, and make us a thoroughfare, as Ohio
has been, by which we could settle all the land
within our borders, and make every acre valuable.
I did not expect that this bill would give rise
to much discussion, certainly not that anything
could make me deem it my duty to say & word
in its defense. I was not prepared, and did not
feel disposed to go into a discussion of it. The
views which I have suggested are gfeneral in their
character, and are suggested by the very face of
the bill. They are the results, or general conclu-
sions to which my mind has come, from a some-
what careful consideration of the general subject.
I have not deemed it at all necessary to go'into
details; nor, indeed have I deemed it either proper
or necessary to do so on this occasion, as that has
been done by the distinguished Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Douglas,] who is the author of the
bill, and who is so much better qualified to do so,
to bring forward upon its true grounds, and estab-
lish its merits upon sure grounds.
I hope the bill will not be referred to any com-
mittee, and while I will not oppose its postpone-
ment, in order that Senators may have more time'
to examine its provisions, 1 would be glad to vote
upon it now.
Mr. BUTLER. I find that I do not fully un-
derstand this bill, and I will say that I think its
objects have not been fully explained by its author,
[Mr. Douglas.] I do not undertake to say that
the Senator from Illinois may not explain this bill.
[ suppose he will do so with his usual clearness
and intelligence; but at present it seems to me to
be aimed first at one object, and then at another.
It seems to combine many objects, and I cannot
get from the authors of it any distinct reason for
the passage of the bill, or distinct avowal of its
objects. The only thing that 1 disco\cr distinctly
is, ihat it involves an appropiiation of about four
millions of dollars annually. I am inclined to
think that, if I were disposed to retort upon the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] I should
be justified in saying that it is an appropriation of ^
<.4,000,000 to create a Collins hoe across the prai-
ries, and if i should borrow his arguments which
he urged as o'jjeitions to a Collins line over the
water, 1 think I could a'nswer some of the reasons
which 'ie has so strongly given for this lineacross
the wilderness to the Pacific ocean. FourmtUions
of dollars for what? Sir, has the gentleman an-
swered that question ? Tt is for a bounty upon
