THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 15, 1852.
New Series....No. Ill,-
in which we do not receive more of them, setting
out the hardships, the murders, and the ravages
which are there-daily committed. We felt it to
be our duty to do something. We do not pretend
that we have devised the best system that can be
devised; we can only say that we have devised
the best that has occurred to us. If any Senator
has a better one, let him come forward and pro-
duce it—if he has a cheaper one, let him propose
it; but, until some other one is proposed, we con-
tend that this is entitled to consideration; and that
until a cheaper mode can be devised, the item of
expenditure is not a proper argument against this
mode of doing that which we are bound to do.
Mr. DAWSON. I am in favor of the motion
of the Senator from Virginia, to refer this subject
to the Committee on Military Affairs. I consider
it as embracing one of the most important propo-
sitions that have been for a long time presented to
this body—presented without an estimate or with-
out any previous understanding on the part of the
Senate as to the amount of money it is to involve.
1 propose to say a word or two to the Senator
from Illinois, on the subject of the expense in-
volved in this measure, and to ask him whether,
before he presented this bill here, he made any in-
vestigation as to what would be the amount of
expense of raising and equipping these three regi-
ments. There are to be three thousand mounted
men, who are to be raised and paid at the same
rate as the mounted riflemen who were sent to
California. Has he taken into consideration, so
as to advise us before we give our votes upon this
subject, what will be the cost of transportation
necessary to carry the subsistence some two thou-
sand miles to stations near to California? Has
he thought of that? And has he made an estimate
of the buildings that will be necessary for the con-
venience and comfort of the soldiers and as shelter
for their horses, and o.f the utter impossibility of
procuring lumber or even common trees on these
vast prairies to build these houses with ? Has he
ascertained how long it will take to clear the land
tyhere all this subsistence is to be raised ? Not a
word of it, sir, have we heard; and yet the Sena-
tor from Illinois denounces those who happen to
speak of probable expenses, which certainly ap-
pear not less enormous than probable, when the
lives of emigrants are taken into consideration!
Sir, I hold that this is no way to lay down a prop-
osition. Lay down your plan; show your esti-
mates for everything you propose to do. Tell us
what is to be the distance of this telegraphic line
which is to be protected ? "Why, sir, if I am rightly
informed, it is some eighteen hundred or two thou-
sand miles. And three thousand men are to be
dotted along this line for its protection! And
suppose you divide them into companies of a hun-
dred each, how many stations will you have over
the two thousand miles > One station for every
sixty miles ! And then, to show you the plausi-
bility of this bill, these men are to protect these
telegraphic lines, while at the same time it is
thrown out to the country that they are to subsist
themselves by agricultural labor! Sir, it cannot,
be done. They cannot do it. There will be
a constant traveling backward and forward to
protect the emigrants as well as the telegraphic
posts. Sir, a proposition like this evidently ap-
pertains to the jurisdiction of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I desire to" have it investi-
gated by that committee, in order that I may
be justified in giving my vote.
It is necessary, too, sir, that we should consider
the character of the country over which this line
is to be built; and in that will be found numerous
and large items which the Senator does not appear
to have considered at all, such as the numerous
rivers which are to be bridged or ferried over in
th'e long distance of two thousand miles. What
is likely to be the expense of erecting bridges or
of constructing all the ferry-boats necessary in
this long journey ? How are the materials to be
got? or, if you make boats where the materials are
found, how are you to get them to the rivers where
they are to be used? All these are vastly import-
ant considerations. I am not disposed to with-
ill
hold the needful protection to the emigrant. ' Sir,
that is the object which we ought to have m view;
and when we present a bill of this nature, involv-
ing so great an undertaking, I think we ought not
to dream of commencing it until we have pretty
thoroughly understood where we are going, and
how we are to get there.
It has been said that §4,000,000 will not suffice
to cover the expenditure which will be incurred
by this bill. Sir, we all know that the cost of
transportation has been immense even from Inde-
pendence to Santa Fe, over a regular-built route;
and yel these three thousand men are not only to
support themselves by agricultural labor, but are
to make a road and build bridges over a space of
two thousand miles. Sir, what plausibility is
therein such a proposition? Every thing which
is contemplated in this bill, Mr. President, must
be carried into execution by the appropriation of
money. The builders of these bridges and ferry-
boats will have to be mechanics transported from
one end of the line to the other, because these
three thousand soldiers will be all the time on
duty, or taking care of their horses. There are
so many ways in which money will be rendered
necessary here, that it is due to the country and
the Senate—the Senator from Illinois himself not
having, perhaps, sufficient time, in consequence
of the press of other duties, to look so minutely
into the details as seems to me to be necessary—
that the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs should investigate this whole subject, and
present it m the shape in which it ought to be pre-
sented to the Senate and the country. Then we
shall more fully understand it; and when we come
to vote upon it, we shall do so with more satis-
faction,-whethei we should find it necessary to
vote for it or against it. I therefore feel obliged
to vote for the motion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, that this bill may be recommitted to the
Committee 011 Military Affairs, especially consid-
ering that the Senator who is at the head of that
committee knows something of the cost of trans-
portation in some of those regions.
One thing further. This bill had passed my
notice except in one point of view. I supposed it
was intended as a means of erecting a great tele-
graphic line, as I casually observed it; and one
thing for which I supposed this military escort
was necessary was for the protection of this tele-
graphic line. Now the idea of a telegraphic line
through a savage country extending some two I
thousand miles, seems to me to be hardly very
practicable. It would have to be traversed over
every day for the repair of accidents, the result
either of storms or of mischievously disposed per-
sons. Why, sir, even for that, three thousand
men would not be enough. I am glad to find,
however, that it was not, as I at first supposed,
to make an appropriation of the public money for
the benefit of an individual. 1 think if the bill is
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, it
will be likely to come back in such a shape as
will present to us various public considerations
which should be taken into the account by tins
body.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel bound to resist the
reference of this matter to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I feel bound to resist it for the
reason that at this late period of the session it
would be equivalent to a rejection of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. If the gentleman will only
show me an estimate of the cost of transportation,
&c., I will not propose such a reference.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was remarking that a ref-
erence could be made, if at all, with quite as much
propriety to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
over winch you preside, (Mr. Bright in the
chair.) Gentlemen may make a more plausible
argument, since the object of this bill is to make
a great road over a vast wilderness, and to keep
! up bridges, to show that the bill ought to go to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, in order
that they may bring forward the estimates of the
cost of building the road. And when the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals shall have reported,
anoiher gentleman, desiring that further delay may
be made, may move to have it referred again to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
because it provides for carrying the mails; then,
after that, gentlemen may say that it must be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, in order
that they may report upon that part of the bill
which proposes to grant land to the soldiers along
the line. Thus you will find, that ifthe jurisdic-
tion over this matter is taken from the Committee
on the Territories, you have no committee to which
it is proper to refer the bill. With the same plau-
sibility that the gentleman urges a reference to the
Military Committee, you may urge a reference to
the Committee on Roads and Canals, to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to the
Committee on Public Lands, and, perhaps, to
two or three other committees; and, sir, the whole
effect of any reference will be, to kill the bill.
The gentleman wishes for estimates; he wishes
to know the cost of the buildings, of the bridges,
and boats along the line. Why does he want the
estimates, and if he wants them, how is he to get
them ?
Mr. DAWSON. Call for them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And where from ? Will you
call from the vast wilderness, where you have
neither an officer nor a soldier, nor an agent of
any kind? Or will you send an agent there, and
wait till next year for a reply? I apprehend you
will wait a longer time than that, before you will
have a reply to your call. That is the very thing
to which I object. We have not the means to
get at the estimate; you have not a man in the
nation prepared to make an estimate. And why
do you want an estimate? The provision in the
bill is, that the troops shall 'build station houses
and posts for themselves with their own hands,
out of the materials to be obtained along the route.
No matter what the cost is, it does not cost the
Government a dollar, for they are to be builf out
of the material along the line, and by the solaiers
themselves, who are to be paid by the compensa-
tion provided in the bill. The gentleman talks
about the cost of the transportation of the mate-
rials which may be needed for building these posts
and stations. I perceive that the Committee on
Military Affairs do not understand the spirit of
the bill. Who ever dreamed of hauling lumber
two thousand miles to build a bridge, when you
may make an adobe bridge from sun-dried brick,
made of the clay found on the very spot? The
materials may be taken out of the very bank of
the rivers. I fear that if the bill were sent to the
Committee on Military Affairs, the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] would get the estimates
far above four millions of dollars, if he proposed
to haul the material across the country for building
these bridges, &c., instead of getting the material
along the line, and constructing these buildings of
adobe brick. I take it, the material may be ob-
tained along the line.
Mr. DAWSON. Can you make ferry-boats
of adobe brick ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know the gentleman is
suggesting these inquiries for the purpose of draw-
ing my attention from the provisions of the bill;
but I will go through with my course of remark.
It so happens that he has not studied the geogra-
phy of the country. The rule is, !U|1 everybody
who has seen the prairies knows, tnat when you
approach a stream, vou find there is timber
skirting its banks. And when you travel across
a prairie and see timber rising m front of you,
you rest assured that water is near. It so happens
that Providence has placed timber near the streams,
so that bridges and boats can be constructed for
crossing them.
In the same way you go through with all the
estimates for which the Senator from Georgia
asks. He wishes to know the estimated cost of
transportation. Why, sir, this billprovidesfor dis-
pensing with transportation by compelling these
stations to raise their supplies along the lin^, and
thus avoid that enormous expense which is incurred
every year by the regular Army for transporta-
tion. The gentleman cannot get it out of his head
that this is to be conducted upon the extravagant
