898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
I the
joura. . It is very plain that we shall not
"fail); this evening.. ,
..' Mr.'SWEET,SER. Will it be in order to make
an ingiiiry of the Chair r
. The SPEAKER. Not during the-pendeney of
the motion to adjourn. . .
The question was put, and, upon a division,
thereWere—ayes 70, noes 63.
.Tellers were demanded.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Will it be in order
■ to -Hio'Ve that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Monday next?
Several Members. Not while the House is
dividing. . -
' The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
.that'as-teller's, have been called, it will be in order
, fpr the gentleman to make his motion.
' Mr. STANTON. Then" I submit that motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas aq,d nays.
The' yeas arid nays were not ordered.
Mr. STUART-demanded tellers; which were
Ordered, andJVIessrs. Stantok, of Tennessee, and
RoBBiNs'were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the Chair de-
cide the motion to adjourn over to Monday to be in
order? Aceordingto my understanding-,it was not
in order to make the motion while the House was
dividing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did so decide.
Mr. JONES. I think that was not the general
understanding, or the yeas and nays would cer-
tainly have been ordered.
The SPEAKER. It would not have been in
order for the gentleman from Ohio to have made
the motion while the'. House was dividing; but
tellers were demanded and ordered by the House.
The Chair thought then the motion could be enter-
tained, and so decided .
Mr. JONES, it was not understood by 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair a
question. I understand that the yeas and nays
have not been refused upon the motion to adjourn
over.
[Loud cries of "Order!" " Order!" and " Yes,
they have."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot be mis-
taken in supposing that he put the questions in
their order, properly and distinctly under the
rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is certainly a mistake
somewhere.
Mr. POLK. I call the gentleman from Alaba-
ma to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a recount.
[Loud cries of " Order !" " Older !"]
The SPEAKER. It is not in the province of
the Chair to order a recount.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 6fi.
So the House refused to adjourn over.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion that this House do now adjourn.
The same gentlemen will please act as tellers.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 65, noes 48.
Mr. HOUSTON, I desire to knowof the Chair
if the House now adjourn 
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. Was
there a demand for the yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER. There was not.
Mr. ORR. Then the House has adjourned.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
I desire to ask a question.
The SPEAKER. By the indulgence of the
House, the gentleman can propound a question,
and not otherwise.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is said by gentlemen
around me that, if the House adjourn in tlie pres-
ent state of the bill, it goes upon the table, and
cannot be taken up except by a two-third vote. I
desire to know if this is so ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has some doubt
about that. He is inclined to the opinion that
the previous question would have to be ordered,
before it could positively come up, and take prece-
dence of the business of the morning;.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
one suggestion. It is the universal practice of the
House, that a motion to refer a bill keeps it up as
unfinished business. I cannot see any difference
between that and a motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. If there was a pending prop-
osition to refer the bill, it would keep it before the
House, and give it precedence; but in the absence
of such a proposition, and a demand only for the
previous question, it will go to the table. -
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not wish to keep the
House here against its will, but if the gentleman
who has made the motion will withdraw it, I will
make the motion to refer.
The SPEAKER. It is onlv by the universal
consent of the House that gentlemen can proceed
with remarks.
Mr. SWEETSER. I object to further remarks.
The SPEAKER. The vote has been taken on
the motion to adjourn, and the Chair must an-
nounce the decision.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] that it was upon
my motion that the vote was taken for the House
to adjourn. There is no purpose, on my part, to
stave off this bill, and if the gentleman's purpose
can be accomplished, I will withdraw my motion
for a moment, in order that he may move to refer
the bill, so that it will come up to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to make an inquiry.
If I understand the state of the bill, it is that there
is now a call for the previous guestion. If there
is a second to theprevious question,and the House
then adjourns, will not the bill be left before the
House as unfinished business ?
The SPEAKER. If the main question is or-
dered to be put, it will.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise to a question of
order. The question of adjournment having been
taken by tellers, and thereupon the yeas and nays
having been demanded, no business can be trans-
acted between the two propositions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Orr] withdrew his motion to adjourn, which
he had a right to do, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my motion for
. the previous question. I now move to .recommit
| this bill to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and I now ask for the previous question,
Mr. ORR. I move thai the House do now ad-
j journ.
The motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned, to meet to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.,
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the apptopriate committees :
By Mr. RIDDLE: The petition of Saxe Ootha Laws,
James L. Smith, and 40 other citizens of Kent comity,
State of Delaware, ptayin® for the enactment into a law of
the bill now pending before Uon^rebs for tiie encouragement
ot a^ricuitute, manuiactures, and other branches of mdus-
i try, i>y granting to every man who will settle on and culli-
1 vate the same, 150 acies of public lands', as a homestead.
By Mr. LOCKIIART : The petition of J. (J. Gioham, of
Pike county, Indiana, asking for additional compensation
for seivices rendered as as-istant marshal m taking the
Seventh Cemus of the United States.
By Mi. SNOW: The petition ot inhabitants of Otsego
county, New York, piaying lor the passage of a Jaw giant-
nif  lands to actual settlers.
By Mr. ASIIE: The memmial of T. II. Williams and
others, citizens of New Hanover county, Noith Carolina,
praying for a ceitain mail route.
By Mr. BOYD : The petition of Joseph Avei ill, of Exeter
county, New York, for a pension.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of Washington county,
New Yoi k, n<kin? that White Hall, m the county of Wash-
ington, New York, be madea poit of entiy and deliveiy.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of the State of New York,
for a grant of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from ?"<uato2a Springs to Sackett's harbor, on Lake Ontario.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of J. W.
Bnifow, United States assistant marshal for Scott county,
Mississippi, praying for e.xtia compensation for taking the
Seventh Census
By Mr. SIvELTON: The petition of Abner B. Tomlin-
| son, United States assistant marshal in Mercer county,
I New Jersey, piaytng for extra compensation for taking the
| Seventh Census.
j By Mr. BUELL: Remonstrance of citizens of Mont-
: gomeiy county, New York, against a rencwafeof the Wood-
' woith patent.
I By Mr. IJIBBARD: The petition of Artemas Wells,
1 Levi Parker, and others, praying tor a new post route from
i Li!--bone. via Sugar Hill, to Franeoma, in Grafton county,
| New Hampshue.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 27, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from Alaba-
ma [Mr. Houston] to recommit the deficiency bill
arid the amendment of the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union, to the Committee of
Ways and Means; on which ipotion the previous
question is demanded.
Mr. FITCH. The question, as I understand
it, is to recommit the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means. I desire, if I can obtain the
consent of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] to offer an amendment to the motion
to recommit. I will send to thp Clerk the amend-
ment, containing instructions^ to that committee.
1 hope he will permit my motion to be made.
The instructions he intended to move, are a3
follows:
Tostiikefrom the Ml all that portion of it relating to ilefl-
eiencii'S m the quartermaster's department, and to hereaf-
ter report such deficiencies in a separate bill, specifying eat h
item f«r which an appiopriation is wanted, and the amount
for each; and to report at the same tune the manner in
which the deficiency occurred, and the manner in whiefi
the appropriation ior that department for the piesent fiscal
yeai has been expended.
Mr. HOUSTON. Am I not entitled to the
floor?
The SPEAKER. No one is entitled to thefloor,
as the previous question is pending.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, I desire to have
my proposition read.
'The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch?]
[Cries of "No!" "No'.""No!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Fitch] knows as well as I do, why I
made the motion to recommit.
Mr. FITCH. I suppose I clo.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not practice fraud. I
made the motion, as was stated yesterday, and as
understood, for the purpose of keeping the bill be-
fore the House, and preventing it from going upon
the Speaker's table. If I have permission to do
so, I will now withdraw the motion to recommit.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Speaker, I had the right to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Fitch] is upon the floor, asking the unani-
mous consent of the House that the proposition
which he has sent to the Chair may be read for
the information of the House. Is it objected to?
Mr. STANLY. I object to it, decidedly.
The SPEAKER. It is objected t&, and cannot
b e read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Have I the right to with-
draw the demand for the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can I withdraw the motion
to recommit, without withdrawing the call for the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. You cannot.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now withdraw the call for
the previous question, and also the motion to re-
commit the bill, and upon the engrossment of the
bill I ask for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Is it in
order pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion to move to refer the bill?
The SPEAKER. No motion to amend or to
refer the bill is in order pending the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope theprevious ques-
tion will be voted down.
Mr. FITCH. I hope it will.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope it will not; so there
is hope against hope.
[Mr. W1LDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, a bill
entitled "An act amendatory of the act entitled
' An act to provide for holding the courts of the
' United States in caseofthe sickness, or other dis-
! ' ability of the judges of the district courts,' ap-
proved July 3!), 1850;" and the bill was then pre-
sented to the Speaker, and received his signature.]
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer resolutions
from the Legislature of the State of Maine.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A great many
seats in the House are vacant this morning, and I
think it would be best to have a call of the House.
Mr. STANLY. That is a suggestion in which
I concur.
Mr. JONES. I make that motion.
The question was taken on the motion, and it
was agreed to.
So a call of the House was ordered.
