1764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
absorbing the means necessary for that purpose.
The connection should be across the continent,
" and by continuous permanent settlements along
the whole line, uniting the East and the West,
■with the means of rapid and easy communication.
This can be effected only by a railroad. Such a
would furnish not only the means of convey-
ing intelligence, but of carrying the products of
settlers to a.market, and bringing back their sup-
plies, and thus enabling them to settle in these in-
terior regions. It would settle the country. Now
it is well known that the means by which a rail-
road must be built, is the public land along the
line.
This bill proposes to absorb that means, and is
therefore antagonistic to a railroad. It provides
that each one of the three thousand troops that are
to be raised, should have, in addition to the pay
and emoluments of mounted riflemen, six hundred
and forty acres of land apiece. This would be
selected along the line, and of course the best land
would be taken, and you would thus absorb the
means that may prove essential for carrying for-
ward successfully the great and important mea-
sure of a railroad.
Again, there is a serious objection on the ground
of expense. It is not a trivial affair to maintain
three thousand mounted troops at points so re-
mote, where, as has already been shown by the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, there are long
distances where the supplies for men and horses
must be transported. We find, too, that when
Ve increase the army, it is difficult to reduce it
again; and if these men are raised, I fear the in-
crease will be permanent. It is said, I know, that
at the expiration of three years these troops can
be disbanded. In such case they will be either
settled along the line, or they will return to their
homes again. Now, I would like to ask gentle-
men practically acquainted with matters of this
character, whether it would not be more difficult
and more expensive at the end of three years, if
this military force should be disbanded, to protect
the disbanded men than the emigrants who are
now traveling along that line ? We will then have
a narrow line of settlements of two thousand miles
in extent. They will be entitled to protection.
They can truly say they were invited by the Gov-
ernment to occupy these remote, isolated positions
■—they £an say that the Government has withd rawn
its aid and support from them, and that they have
a necessity to apply their exertions and labors to
support themselves and families, and that therefore
they ask military posts to be established along the
line for their protection, unless they can be under
pay for protecting themselves. Their protection
would cost much more, I apprehend, than that of
the emigrants who now pass through the country.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator suggested just
now, if f understood him, that he was in favor of
building a railroad across that desert country.
He objects to the necessity for military protection
to those settlers along that line at the end of three
years. I wish to ask him if he thinks it would
cost more to protect these settlers than it would
to protect a railroad along a course of one thou-
sand or fifteen hundred miles, with no settlements
atei:;
iVtr. IHiADBTUO . I will answer the honor-
able Senator. When a rulroad is established, we
fui dish the means of communication which will
establish a permanent and large line of settlements
the whole distance. By means of a railroad the
farmer can bring his produce to market. You
establish that which will be a benefit to settlers,
and enable .them to sustain and protect themselves;
for they can~o there ;n large numbers, and in this'
respect you have the great advantage of a railroad
over a telegraphic line. I presume the honorable
Senator does not suppose that the farmers are to
transport their produce to market along the tel-
egraphic line. It is for this reason that a railroad
will iead to permanent and large settlements from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, and will bind the two
portions of the Union together, which a telegraph
cannot do. It is for this reason that I fear, if this
~ ls adopted, you will defeat one which
will be of substantial, permanent, and national
benent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
The question is on the motion to postpone the
further consideration of the bill till Tuesday next
and make it the special order for that day. '
Mr. RUSK. I hope it will not he made the
special order. It will then stand in the way of
other business.
Mr. HALE. I ask a division of the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion will first be on the motion to postpone.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel authorized to modify
the motion so as to postpone the consideration of
the bill for a week without making it the special
order.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill to amend an act entitled
" Ari act to reduce and modify the rates of post-
age within the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3d, 1851.
On motion, the Senate adjourned..
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 13, 1852.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the further consideration of House bill No. 144,
to amend an act entitled " An act to reduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and for other purposes."
LAND DISTRICTS IN IOWA.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 478, now
upon the Speaker's table, " to create three addi-
tional land districts in the State of Iowa," and to
have it considered at this time before proceeding
to the execution of the special order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Is it the inten-
tion of the gentleman to have the bill referred, or
to put it upon its passage ?
Mr. HENN. 1 desire to put it upon its passage.
I will state to the gentleman from Georgia that the
Committee on Public Lands of the House have
agreed to a bill precisely in the same words as this
bill which has passed the Senate. It is very im-
portant that this bill should pass before any proc-
lamation is got out for the sale of the lands in
the western portion of the State of Iowa.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should be very happy to
accommodate the gentleman .from Iowa; but I
must insist on the regular order of business.
Mr. HENN. The bill will not occupy more
than five minutes, and I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot withdraw it.
CALIFORNIA BATTALION.
Mr. McCORKLE. 1 have an indulgence to
ask of the Huuse, in reference to a very import-
ant matter, which I think no gentleman will object
to when I state what it is. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of th? House to take up from the Speak-
er's table a bill which provides for the appoint-
ment of three commissioners from the Army to
adjust, examine, and report to the next Congress
upon the claim of the California battalion—a bat-
talion who served in California during the Mexi-
can war, and who subsisted themselves and pur-
chased their own arms.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I object, and
insist on the regular order of business.
Mr. McCORKLE. If the gentleman will hear
the facts, I think he will withdraw his objection,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I should like to know
what is the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. The further consideration
of House bill No. 144, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr. CLINGMAN. jWel], sir, the regular
order of business has been insisted on by my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. JohnsonJ I have no objec-
tion to this discussion if it is to come out of the
morning hour, but otherwise I must object to it,
Mr. OLDS. I object to it if it is to come out
of the morning hour.
Mr. JOHNSON. I insist on the regular order
of business.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous ,
consent, i
Ordered, That tile petition and papers of Henry Pauling l
be withdrawn fiom the fllas of the House, and refeaed to
the Commutes oil Claims.
RATES OF POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the further consideration of House bill
No. 144, to amend an act entitled "An act to
modify and reduce the rates of postage in the
United States, and for other purposes," and the
pending question is or} the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney.]
The amendment was read'as follows:
•2nd be it further enacted, In al] eases of publication of
the uncalled for German letters, it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to cause such publication to be made
in the German newspaper having the largest circulation in
the vicinage, such publication to be governed in every re-
spect by the provisions of the law in relation to the publi-
cation of uncalled for letters iifpie English languSge.
Mr. DISNEY. At the suggestion of several
gentlemen, and with a view of making the amend-
ment broader, so'as to embrace all other languages,
I will modify my amendment so as to read as fol-
lows:
That when a list of uncalled for letters shall be pub-
lished in any newspaper printed in any foreign language,
said list shall be published in such newspaper having the
largest circulation within the range of delivery of said
office.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman will be allowed to modify his amend-
ment.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Upon this amendment the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. OLDS. I hope the call for the yeas and
nays will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the yeas and nays
were withdrawn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Disney's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
There being no further amendment to the bill,
it was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and was subsequently read the third time.
The bill as amended was read through bv the
Clerk. ° 3
Mr. BROOKS. Has the previous question ex-
hausted itself yet ?
T„he SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. BROOKS. I am about to move for the
recommitment of this bill to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, with someinstructions,
which I hope will meet with the approbation of
the House. I would not make the motion if, upon
this question of the weight of two and a half
ounces, as reported in the original bill, there had
been a fair vote. It will be remembered that two
and a half ounces was the weight originally agreed
upon by the committee, but it was subsequently
altered. On taking a vote in the House on main-
taining the original proposition of the committee
—two and a half ounces—there was a majority of
the House in favor of it; but it was necessary to
make a quorum, and members voting blindly to
constitute that quorum, reversed that majority
into a minority. It is for that reason that I claim
the indulgence of the House in asking for the re-
commitment of the bill, which is now the only
way left to obtain a true vote upon the principle
on which I wish to divide the House.
Mr. Speaker, it is quite unnecessary for me to
repeat the arguments that I advanced the other
day on this subject, because those arguments have
been repeated on the other side of the House, as
well as upon this. The principle on which I op-
pose this bill is, that this limitation of the weight
of periodicals and newspapers to two ounces, as
it now stands in this bill, is a premium for bad
printing and for a bad quality of paper—a retro-
grade in the art of printing, and a discouragement
of all printing.
It is said that newspapers of the present size
will come within two ounces. But it is the pol-
icy of this country, or it ought to be the policy of
this country, to encourage printers to print as
large newspapers as possible, containing the largest
possible amount of reading matter, provided they
can do it for a given sum of money. This bill as
it now stands reverses that policy, and it offers a
premium for the printing of newspapers upon
paper of bad quality and of low weight, and in
that way would result in great injury to the com-
munity.
I voted for the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] because it bettered
the bill somewhat; but the principle which we
