1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
By Mr, CABELL, of Ohio: The memorial of J. J,
Greeuouih, preferring cimrges against T. Ewbank, Com-
iiiis#i<mer <).' Patents,
IN SENATE. ;
Mosjdat, March 29, 1852. i
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan*. '
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION. [
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the ,
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, j
mcule in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 25th instant, calling for information, as j
to whether any charges had been filed in his De- ;
nartme-.t egainst the commissioner appointed to ;
run and mark the boundary line between the Uni-
ted States and Mexico, and deposited in the War :
Derailment by an officer ot' the army; and if so,
dnecungthat copies oP all papers connected there- \
with be transmitted to the Senate. The report j
states that 110 such charges had been filed in the
War Department, and, as the commissioner is in 1
no way accountable to that Department, none ,
could properly have been filed in it. It adds,
huwevtr, that an officer of the topographical en-
gineers, who had been en duty on the Boundary 1
Commission, but subsequently recalled, did, some !
months since, deposit in the Bureau of Topo-
graphical Engineers, a manuscript, containing ;
charges of misconduct against the commissioner; :
but as it formed no part of the records of the ,
War Department, and was the private property
of the officer who deposited it, the Secretary of j
War h-id no authority to order a copy of it to be ;
certified-. The officer making the charges, how- i
ever, v, ould have no objection to placing the origin- I
al manuscript before the Senate, or in the hands j
of any member thereof', if desired.
It was ordered to be laid on the table.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that a grant of land may ,
be made to the State of Michigan, for the eon- j
struction of the Oakland and Ottawa Railroad; j
which was referred to the Committee on Public !
Lands. ;
Also, ten petitions of citizens of Wisconsin,
praying for grants of land to certain companies ;
theiein named, for the construction of a railroad .
from Chicago, through Janesville and Fond du
Lac, to Lake Superior; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Franklin county, ,
Illinois, praying that one hundred and sixty acres
of land may be granted to every landless Ameri-
can citizen, becoming an actual settler; winch was
refeired to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ganges, Richland ;
county, Ohio, praying that the public lands may j
be &old only to actual settlers, and to them in lim- |
ited quaiii ities; which was referred to the Com- ;
rnittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER. I am requested to present a j
petition from Milton, Rock county, Wisconsin,
signed by almost all classes of people—men, wo- i
men, and children, to the number of something
like one hundred—praying the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law. L shall not propose to give it a \
reference, i move that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MANGUM presented a petition of citizens
of Buffalo, New York, praying an extension of
Wood worth's patentfor a planing machine; which ,
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the ,
Patent Office.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of the city and county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying the enactment of a law
fj;* the punishment ot trespasses on private pro- :
perty outside the corporate limits of said city, and
'within the county of Washington; which was re-
feired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of citizens of Buf-
falo, New York, praying the extension of Word-
worth's patent for a planing machine; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Oifice.
Also, a petition of citizens of West Troy, A.1-
b oy countv, New York, praying that the bill
giving additional remedies to patentees may be-
come" a law; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
A!>o, tlte memorial of Alt-xander ,T. Atocha,
praying indemnity for losses sustained in conse- j
quence of his expulsion from Mexico; which was !
referred to the select committee on the subject of .
claims against Mexico. ;
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been intrusted with a I
memorial numerously signed by citizens of Waldo- |
borough, Maine, in behalf of Conrad Hyer, a sol-
dier of the revolution, and now one hundred and
three years old, praying that the pension now re- '
ceived by him may, at his death, be granted to his ;
idiotic grandson; which I ask may be referred to j
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the memorial of Hannah Thompson, ■
widow of James Thompson, deceased, an officer
of the army of Mexico. It is for a renewal of
her pension. It comes within that class of cases
which has already received the favorable consider-
ation of the Committee on Pensions. The cir-
cumstances are within my own knowledge: the .
widow resides in my own neighborhood: and it ,
is one of those cases which appeal to our sym-
pathies and to our justice. As it comes within
the rule of which the committee have already es-
tablished, I trust it may receive from them a
prompt and early attention. I ask that the memo-
rial and'accompanying papers may be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
The several motions to refer were agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of North Brookfield, Massachusetts, praying a
reduction of the rates of ocean postage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, and a petition of citizens of Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, praying a reduction of
the rates of ocean postage; which were refei red to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
William Sena Factor, praying remuneration for
losses sustained during the Seminole war; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS submitted documents in relation
to the claim of Frederick G. Smith, United States . ;
marshal for the western district of Louisiana, to j
additional compensation for taking the Seventh j
Census; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Louisi-
ana, in favor of granting to the corporation of
Baton Rouge the right to inclose and use as a
cemetery a portion of the grounds attached to the
barracks in that town: which was referred to the )
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Louisi-
ana, in favor of the removal of obstructions in the
Bayou La Fourche; which was referred to the ;
Committee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Louisi- 1
ana, in favor of a donation of land for the use and
benefit of the Pine Grove xlcademy; which were '
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims. |
Mr. CASS presented the petition of the heirs of ■
Walcott Lawrence, deceased, praying remimera- ;
tion for land improperly sold by the United States; l
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. !;
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented ten pe- !
titions of citizens of Wisconsin, praying a grant ^
of land to certain companies therein named for ;;
the construction of a railroad from Chicago to ■;
Lake Superior; which were referred to the Com- i;
mittee on Public Lands. i
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Manayunk, Pennsylvania, praying a modi-
fication of the tariff; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorki of Rachel ;
Herbert,praying compensation for extra services j;
performed by her late husband while assistant
messenger in the Post Office Department; wmch
was referred to the Committee on the Post Ohice .
and Post Roads.
Mr. FELCH presented two petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying a donation of land to the
State for the construction of the Oakland and Ot- -
tawa railroad; which were referred to the Com- '
mittee on Public Lands. , .
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition ot
residents of Illinois, praying an appropriation to ,!
repair the dam at, the head of Cumberland Island, '
in the Ohio river; which was ordered to iie Said on ;
the table. . :
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition ot Ab:- ;
gail Bishop, widow of Richard Bishop, praying a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions. •
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW AND EXTINCTION OF
SLAVERY.
Mr. SEWARD. I present four several peti-
i lions of citizens of New York, and a memorial of
i the Cain Quarterly Meeting of the Religious Soci-
ety of Friends, of Pennsylvania, praying the re-
| peal of the fugitive slave law; and one petition of
inhabitants of Marcellus, New York, praying
Congress to institute measures for the extinction
of slavery. I move that they be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON. Do I understand that the prop-
osition is to refer memorials for the repeal of the
fugitive slave law to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. And one for the extinc-
tion of slavery.
Mr. MASON. I shall not interfere.
Mr. BADGER. What is the question ?
Mr. MASON. In answer to the Senator from
North Caiolina,I reply that I understand that the
Senator from New York has presented one me-
morial praying for the abolition of slavery,' and
several others for the repeal of the fugitive slave
law, and that he asks that they may be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I say that,
so far as I am concerned, 1 shall not interfere with
the motion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. NORRIS. Is the same motion made with
regard to the whole r
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. NORRIS. I call for a division of the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. The question then will
be, first, on the petitions praying for the repeal of
the fugitive slave law.
Mr. NORRIS. I move to lay them on the
table; and upon that motion I call for the yeas and
navs.
The PRESIDENT. There are several me-
morials of that description, asking for the repeal
of the fugitive slave law*.
Mr. NORRIS. Let the motion embrace them
all.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Bor-
land, Brailbury, Brodliead,' Brooke. Cass, Clarke, Clemens,
Cooper, Dawson. Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Felcli,
Geyer. Gwir>. Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see', Kins, Maltory, Maneum, Mason, Miller, Norris, Rusk,
Sebastian, Spruauee, Underwood, and Walker—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Chase. Davis, Podge of Wisconsin,
Fish. Foot, Hale, Hamlin,'Seward, Sumner, Uphain, and
Wade—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The other memorial is
for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. HALE. Where?
Mr. NORRIS. I move to lay that upon the
table; and upon that motion call for the yeas and
nays.
Ah. SEWARD. I would simply state, that
the petition prays Congress to institute measures
for the extinction of slavery. That is the purport
of the petition.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask the Senator from
New York, if he believes Congress has such power ?
and, then, if he does not, I ask why he presents this
petition ?
Mr. NORRIS. The motion is not deDatable,
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire object to the reception of the
memorial, and move to lay the question of recep-
tion on the table3
Mr NORRIS. i object to the reception.
The PRESIDENT. The parliamentary rule
is,, that, when a petition is presented, and there is
objection to the reception, the question must be
taken on the reception of the paper; and that ques-
tion the Senator from New Hampshire moves to
lav upon-the table. It is not debatable.
"Mr. SEWARD. In reply to the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] I would say, that I pre-
sented the petitions oil the same principle that 1
ahvavs present all petitions—that is, that the peo-
ple have a right to address Congress by petitions,
and that it is the duty of Congress to receive them,
Mr. HALE I call the Senator to order.
