1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
Mr. MASON. It is doubtless important, in the
opinion of the Senator from Kentucky, that these
questions which affect more specially the interest
of the Western country should receive immediate
consideration; but I submit to him that this is a
matter of more importance, as it affects the honor
of the nation, and ought to receive earlier consid-
eration than a bill for a mere appropriation. It is
a question between the Government of the United
States and the Government of Spain, and is one
in which, I think, the Senator, if he will investi-
gate it, will find that the good faith and honor of
our Government are involved. I do not now wish
to interfere with the business before the Senate,
and I therefore hope that the matter will be as-
signed to an eatlv day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would say to my
friend from Virginia, that lam certain that the bill
in reference to the Amistad will be discussed, and
perhaps tediously,and that, to fix on a day for the
consideration of the bill before the report is printed,
is unusual. I trust he will consent to let it lie
over for a week or so, and then we can take it up
and fix a day. The other measures to which I
have made reference are measures which are held
much at heart by many of our Western constitu-
ents; they have been pending here for a long time,
and I do not think it would be right to over-ride
them by these new measures. I hope thegentleman
will let the matter lie over until the report is printed
—at least for a week or so—when a day can be
fixed.
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to press it too
strongly, knowing the sensitiveness of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky for the interests of the Lou-
isville canal, or the Ohio river, and other inter-
ests of that kind. Perhaps he will be satisfied j
with a later day m April. I will mention Mon- j
day, the 26th of April. I want to have a day fixed
when we may take it up with certainty.
Mr. HALE. I have been, I think, five years
a member of the Senate, and I do not remember
that we have acted upon the calendar regularly
for one single day in that time. I shall be here,
perhaps, for another year; and when I go home, I
want to tell my constituents that we have worked
in order one day during the six years that I have
been here. I have opposed all special orders. The
last time that it was proposed to make a bill, in
which my constituents are deeply interested, a
special order, I opposed it; and when the propo-
sition was made to make the bill granting indem-
nity for French spoliations prior to 1800, a special
order, I opposed that too. I have uniformly voted
against making special orders; and many other
gentlemen have professed a willingness to refuse
to make special orders. If I vote against one, I j
must against all. I hope the Senate will not make ;
this bill a special order. I would inquire if the I
motion to postpone to the 26th of April, can be j
taken separately from the motion to make it a j
special order ? !
The PRESIDENT. It can. 1
Mr. HALE. Then I call for a division of the j
question.
The question was then taken on the motion to I
postpone the further consideration of the bill to
the 26th of April; and it was agreed to.
The motion to make the bill a special order for
that day was not agreed to; there being on a divis-
ion—ayes 18, noes 18.
Mr. MASON. I wish now to make a motion
in reference to the bill just acted upon, that it may
take its place on the calendar.
The PRESIDENT. That bill lias just been
postponed to the 26th of April.
Mr. MASON. Will it come up on that day ?
The PRESIDENT. It will be among the gen-
eral orders, and will not come up unless it is called
up.
Mr. MASON. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which it was postponed, that it may take
it place on the calendar.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill takes
its place on the calendar.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time and passed:
An act to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions in certain cases.
An act to provide for the unpaid claims of the
officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and
Continental lines of the revolutionary war.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the title of
the last named bill wets amended to read as fol-
lows;
44 An act to compensate the owners of certain
military lands in the State of Kentucky, granted to
the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line of the
army of the Revolution, which have been-taken
by paramount claims."
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. GWIN moved that the bill for the relief of
Richard W. Meade, recently reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, be recommitted to
that committee, additional testimony having been
produced since the report was made.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill entitled " An act to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the sen ice of the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 1852.,s
It was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
CONTRACTS WITH OFFICERS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be d'rectedto in-
form the Senate . Fir^t. Whether any of the officers of the
United States Army have been contractors to furnish sup-
plies to the Government ot the Umtfd States. Secondly.
If such cases exi>t, what were the rates of such contracts
as compaied with those of other persons contracting for the
s.nne tlung* to be delivered at the same times and places.
Thirdly. The names of the officers making and sanctioning
such contracts. And la-tly. As to the measures, if any,
which have been taken by the Department in such cases.
Mr. H. also submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill to
make it perial m an officer ot the United States to become
a contractor, or take an interest, either direct or indirect, in
any contract to furnish supplies to the Government of the
United States.
CUBAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
I instructed to inquire into the propriety of authoiizmg the
| Piesideut of the United States to have investigation? made
I whether any Spanish subjects, not citizens of tne United
I States, have sustained damage, by loss of property or other-
j wise, in consequence of public outbreak or violence in the
| State of Florida, growing out of the late Cuba expedition ;
! and into the piopnety of authouzing the rre^ident to make
J prompt indemnity to the Spanish Government for such
{ Spanish subjects, for said damage.
1 STRYICER'S ANNUAL REGISTER.
! Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
{ tion:
; Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be m-
i structed to inquno into the expediency of subscribing tor
| Stryker's Annual Register.
! washington crossing the delaware.
| j The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
i! of inquiry, submitted by Mr. Hale, the 26th in- j
stant, respecting the purchase of a historical paint- ;
ing, " Washington crossing the Delaware," to be
placed in the Mansion of the President of the Uni-
ted States, and it was agreed to.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
A message from the President of the United
States was received by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, announcing that in compliance with the |
resolution of the Senate of the 24th instant, rela- 1
' ting to the extension of the Capitol, a report from \
• the Secretary of the Interior was submitted, which
! furnishes, it is believed, the required information. !
The message was read, and referred to the Com-
■ mittee on Public Buildings.
navy-yard at san francisco.
1 The Senate proceeded to consider the bill to
1 establish a navy-yard and depot on the bay of
Sail Francisco, and for other purposes, the ques-
tion being on the substitute offered by Mr. Brod-
head.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the question is
taken, T desire to modify the substitute ill a few
particulars. In the second section of the substi-
'' tute, I desire to have the words " President of the
[ United States" stricken out, and the words " Sec-
! retary of the JN avy'' inserted instead. The sec-
i tion will then provide, that "when such land shall
have been so selected and secured, the Secretary of
the Navy be, and he hereby is authorized to ap-
point and assign such officers," &c. I alsodesire
to add a new section, providing for the pay dt the
officers who may go out, that is to say, that their
actual expenses shall be paid in addition to their
regular pay, but not that they shall receive double
pay.
The additional section was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Wavy he, and he is hereby authorized, to allow the
amount of their present se.a service pay to the officers whom
he may select or appoint under the first section of this act,
and to allow or reimburse to them the actual amount of their
expenses consequent upon the performance of their duty
under this act, and in conformity with such instructions as
they may receive from the President of Uie United States,
and in pursuance thereof.
Mr. SHIELDS. T would suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that, if he substitutes the
words "Secretary of the Navy" for "President of
the United States" in the second section, he ought
also to insert them in the fifth section, so as to
make the bill uniform.
Mr. HCJNTER. Before the question is taken
on the passage of this bill, I have a word or two
to say in relation to it. I believe there ought to
be a navy-yard in California, and not only do I
believe there ought to be one, but I believe we
ought to commence its establishment as soon as
we* have information enough to enable us to act
intelligibly upon the subject.
I find, Mr, President, in relation to these estab-
lishments, a provision in one of the appropriation
bills of 1844, which, I am informed, hasgoverned
the action of the Committer of Ways and Means,
and the House of Representatives upon such sub-
jects since that period. I will ask the Secretary
to read it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
({ Sec. 2. That whenever hereafter in submitting to Con-
gress the annual estimates, from the several Executive De-
partments of the Government, it shall be found that the
usual items of sucli estimates vary materially in amount
from the appropriations ordinarily asked for, the object
named, and especially from the appropriation granted for
the same objects for the year ffext preceding, and whenever
new items not theretofore used shall be introduced into such
estimates foi any year, the estimates shall be accompanied
by nunuto and full explanations from the head of the appro-
priate depaitment ot all such variations and new items,
setting forth the reason? and grounds upon which tlie
amounts are required of the different items asked ; and
whenever any sucii estimates, whether annual or e.*pecial,
shall ask an appropriation for any new specific expenditure,
such os the construction of a fort, the erection of a custom-
house, or other public building, or the construction of any
other public work requiring a plan before the buildings or
work can be properly executed, every such estimate shall
be accompanied by a full plan and detailed estimates of the
cost of the whole work ; and all subsequent estimates for
every such work shall give the original estimated cost, the
aggregate amount actually expended thereupon, as well as
the amount asked for the current year for which, such esti-
mates shall be made; and whenever any such subsequent
estimate shall ask for an appropriation for any such work
beyond the onginal estimates of the cost, the full reasons for
' the excess shall be also stated."
! Mr. HUNTER. There is a similar provision
I in another appropriation bill, some years pre-
! ceding; but, sir, it is unnecessary to read that. I
! do not mean to say, sir, that this law deprives us
! of the power of appropriating money for the erec-
j tion of any new work for which we have not the
I plans and estimates which the laws require. I
j am very far from saying that we have not the
J power to act without these estimates, but I will
; say, that the Committee of Ways and Means of
! the House of Representatives never, when Gen-
i eral McKay was at the head of if, voted appropri-
j ations without such plans and estimates, but, act-
i ing on this provision in the appropriation bill,
s they threw out all amounts that were not accom-
panied by therm
I am also informed by my colleague, General
1 Bayly, that when he was chairman of the Com-
' mittee of Ways and Means, he invariably acted
! on the rule thus laid down. What is the mode of
proceeding of the present committee I do not know,
but I believe that, if we were to pass this bill with-
out these plans and estimates, it would be a mere
dead letter, and would not be considered by that
House. I believe that it would be much better, if the
Senator from California wishes the establishment
of a navy-yard in that State, for us to obtain de-
tailed plans and estimates, that we may see what
| we are about in voting for this establishment. 1
| believe, as I proceed in my comments on the bill,
! that the necessity for such information will become
; obvious,-and that it will be equally apparent that
j we should not grope too far in the dark in relation
