1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
'pensation of the collector at Astoria, in said Ter-
' ritory," have directed me to report it back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage. A
bill similar to this has already passed the Senate,
very nearly in the form of the present bill. In
the Senate bill salaries were proposed for certain
officers there. The House have passed-this bill,
diminishing the salaries below-the amount fixed
in the Senate bill. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Bright] is extremely desirous that the bill
should be put upon its passage, and I ask that it
may be considered now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole. j
It proposes to authorize.the President of the Uni- j
ted States to designate the places for the ports of !
entry for the collection districts of Puget's Sound i
and Umpqua, in the Territory of Oregon, upon '
receiving satisfactory information as to the best
location for the said ports, instead of the places
now established by law. It further provides that
the annual compensation of the collector at Asto-
ria, in Oregon, shall be $3,000, including the fees
of his office, commencing on the 1st day of July,
1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS AIK>PTED.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: \
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed :
to inquire into the expediency of continuing a pension to 1
Mrs. Thankful Ueynolds. j
Mr. FELCH submitted J;he following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a new
land district, embracing the county of Benton, in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota.
THE ISLAND OF HAYTr.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, copies of the correspondence of Robert M WaKh,
Esq., whilst actins as Commissioner of this Governmental
the Wand of Hayti.
It appears that our commercial intercourse with
that Island is increasing rapidly. I am informed,
from sources entitled to credit, that the corre-
spondence of this gentleman, who was recently a
special commissioner to Hayti, will be found to
be of much interest, both politically and conitaer-
cially. I ask, therefore, that the resolution may
be considered at this time.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THE IIULES.
Mr. NORllIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, under the rules, lies over for one
day:
Resolved, That (the House of Representatives concur-
ring) the sixteenth loint rule of the two Houses be amended
bv addinu the following thereto : " And all general appro-
priation bills shall be sent at least ten days previous to the
day fixed for the adjournment of Congress."
If amended as proposed, the sixteenth jointrule
will read:
"No bill that shall have passed one House, shall be sent
for eoncurience to the other on either of the last three days
of the session; and all general appropriation bills shall be
em at least ten days previous to the day fixed for the ad-
0 urnmentof Congress."
LOSSES OP SPANISH SUBJECTS.
The engrossed joint resolution for the relief of
the Spanish consul, and other subjects of Spain
residing at New Orleans, and of subjects of Spain
residing at Key West, by indemnity for losses
occasioned by violence of the mob in the year
■0.851, was read the third time.
Mr. MASON. In consequence of some mod-
ification made yesterday, at the instance of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, it will be necessary to insert,
after the word "Havana," the words "in Cuba."
1 ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to make
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to, and the joint
resolution was passed.
On motion by Mr. SOULE, the title of the res-
olution was amended by striking out the words
" by violence of the mob."
SUSPENDED LAND ENTRIES.
The engrossed bill to revive and continue in
force for a limited time the provisions of an act
relative to suspended entries of the public lands,
was read a third time and passed.
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
amend an act entitled " An act to reduce and mod-
ify the rates of postage in the United States, and
for other purposes," passed March 3, 1851, was
read a first anu second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
.WASHINGTON CITY GUARDS.
The engrossed joint resolution to supply the
Washington City Juvenile Guards with arms,
was read a third time; and the question was,
Shall it pass ?
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have great doubt
as to the propriety of passing this resolution. I
do not know precisely the nature of the company
referred to in it, but I perceive they are styled
" Juveniles," and I suppose they form a sort of
infant military school. I believe that the experi-
ment of establishing infant military schools, when
tried, has failed. 1 see that among the petitions
presented this morning, is one by an honorable
Senator from Arkansas, from some juveniles
somewhere else, asking the same privilege. The
arsenals in which the United States arms are de-
posited, are scattered all over the United States.
The juveniles in other places will learn the juve-
nile privileges which have been extended here,
and we shall have applications pouring in upon us
from one end of the country to the other. If we
do for one csmpany what this resolution proposes*
to do, we must, to be impartial, distribute arms to
whoever asks them, and so we shall have to fur-
nish all the children throughout the United States
with fire-arms.
I suppose these juveniles are about fourteen
years of age. The next thing will be, some ju-
venile company will be formed of boys eight or
ten years of age; and they will petition for small
pistols and revolvers, and we will have to furnish
them to all who are large enough and stout enough
to carry them. If they are not large enough and
stout enough to carry them, we shall have to fur-
nish them with dirks and small arms. I think,
without any attemptto bejocose on this occasion,
that it is an evil example. I think we had better
not pass the resolution. It would be well for us
to pause. I believe that the military spirit does
not need any more encouragement or fostering than
it has already had. It has elected one President
lately, and it is going to try very hard to elect an-
other. [Laughter.]
Besides, sir, I am opposed to it on another prin-
ciple. If you give out the arms of the United
States to adults—men who have become capable
of assuming legal responsibilities—you may then
have some security that the arms will be safely
kept, and returned when they are wanted, fit
for the purposes for which the United States
want them. But if you distribute them to ju-
veniles, they cannot assume legal responsibilities.
They may give their word of honor—and I am
not certain that that is not better than the legal
responsibilities of older men, but it is not such as
Governments deal with. I think, with all dispo-
sition to sympathize with young men and boys—
and nobody has more of it than I have—that this
is a mistaken manifestation of that sympathy, and
encouragement, which ought not to be extended to
them. I appreciate highly the generous motives
of the Senator who introduced the resolution, but
I think that he is mistaken. But, whether he is
I or not, such is my judgment. I shall feel con-
1 strained to vote against the resolution, and I shall
ask the yeas and nays upon it;,
Mr. CLEMENS. When the Senator from
New Hampshire, yesterday, objected to the third
reading of this resolution, I was at some loss to
understand the reason; but he has explained it to
us to-day, to my entire satisfaction. The Senator,
it is known to most of us, is a Free-Soil candidate
for the Presidency; he has no military glory to
run upon, and hence he is opposed to the military
spirit. [Laughter.] Now, this is one of the most
innocent tilings imaginable. The resolution does
not provide that these boys shall be furnished with
i guns. No one ever contemplated that they should
have muskets, because they cannot handle them.
It simply proposes to authorize the Secretary of
War to furnish them with such arms as, in his
judgment, they can use to advantage. There is
scarcely a city, there is scarcely a village of three
thousand inhabitants, anywhere in thf country
in which there is not such a company. I myself
belonged to one for years; and I take occasion to>
say now, that I sincerely believe a boy of that
age will learn more, as to the uses of fire-arms in
three weeks, than a grown man will in seven.
There can be no harm in this. The Secretary,
of War is required to do nothing. The resolution;
simply gives him thediscretion to furnish this com-
pany with old sabres, if he chooses—something
with which they can-do no damage. No'one sup-
poses he will give them muskets, forthey .would be
useless to them. They could not manage them.
He may furnish them with any light arms lie sees
proper. The Government has some twenty-odd
thousand old sabres, that might be employed in
that way, without any great detrimentto the pub-
lic; unless it should encourage the military spirit,
and thus assist in defeating thfe Senator from New
Hampshire for the Presidency. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I had hoped that
after the Union was so thoroughly saved as it has-,
been, and the Wilmot proviso was dead, and-its
friends buried, flings at 'their eorpses or remains,
would be spared; but it seems it is not so. The
honorable Senator indulges in what he supposes-
to be wit; and I have no doubt it was, because I
saw several laugh But I think that the thing
ought to be treated seriously by the Senate. What,
sort of arms would the Secretary deem suitable
for these juveniles ?—I believe they are styled
" juveniles." I do not know exactly their ages,
but as they are called juveniles, I suppose they-
must be infants under the age of twenty-one..
Some of them would no doubt be capable of
handling pretty large arms—heavy muskets; and
then it would be graduated down. I think that
the whole thing is wrong. If you once commence,
you will not stop here. Another petition has
already been presented for the same object; and
petitions will continue to come in.
When I got up I did not know but that I
should indulge a little more fully than I think,
upon reflection, it is best for me to do, in remarks
upon a certain subject which the allusion of the
Senator from Alabama would give me an oppor-
tunity of doing. I refer to the position in which
1 stand in relation to the matter to which he has.
referred. But upon the whole, as the Senate is
not very full, and I do not think the steam is quite
up yet, I will not do it. [Laughter.] But I will
take occasion to tell thfc Senator this:'I do not -
know the course which I or my friends may take, •
but I think when the election is over the party
defeated will not be at a loss to know how it hap-
pened that it was defeated. That is all I will say
at present. I ask the yeas and nays on the pas-
sage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison. Borland, Charlton,
Clemens, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin, JDoiige of
Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Gwin, James, Jones of Iowa,
King, Mallory, Mason, Noirts, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Soul£, Sprtrau'ce, and Toueey—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead,
Chase, Davis, Dawson, Geyer, Hale,HamhQ, Miller, Sum-
ner, Upham, and Wade—14.
So the resolution was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I rise for the purpose ofask-
I ing the Senate to take up the billto provide for the
; protection of the Territories of New Mexico and
Oregon, and the States of California' and Texas.
Mr. GWIN. I gave notice yesterday, that I
should to-day call up the California land bill,
j Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to take up a bill in
1 which the Senator is very much interested. My
; impression is, that it will occupy but a very little
' time. It is, as he knows, a subject of very great
importance. The bill to which I allude, is a bill
which has passed the House, and to which the
Committee on Military Affairs of the Senate has
reported an amendment. With the permission of
the Senator from California, I would like to call
it up, and have it amended as proposed and sent
back to the House.
Mr. GWIN. I am very much in favor of the
measure which the Senator from Illinois proposes
to take up. But I gave notice yesterday that I
should to-day ask the Senate to take up the bill to
which 1 have referred. It is a bill of very great
importance to California, and I hops it will be
