906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
in the proviso from which anybody could infer
that Qongress would do so dishonorable an act as
to refuse to comply with the contract which they
had ordered to be made. So that, in my opinion,
that contract is binding upon, the Government by
every obligation which can rest- upon it. A legal
obligation,-it is true, cannot rest upon it; but an
honorable one can, and always does.
On a former occasion, the honorable Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] said, with great
pertinency, that if a merchant were to enter into
such a stipulation as the Government had entered
into, and refused to perform it because it could not
be written, he would be disgraced on 'Change,and
'he, the Senator from South Carolina, would be un-
willing to place the Government in a position in
which he would not place a merchant and a gentle-
man; and I hope that none of us would be willing
to do so. Now, if that be the case, this Govern-
ment is .bound by law and by contract, and by
every honorable obligation which can bind honor-
able minds, to fulfill those contracts which our offi-
cers, under laws of oi\r passing, have entered into
with these gentlemen. Nor, sir, can it be said
that the Government of the United States has made
an improvident bargain; for this matter was all
submitted to the bureau of docks and yards; and
Commodore Smith,-after calling all the aids he
could, and the aid of all the officers to which it
properly belonged, submitted a letter to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in which he estimates the
cost of this work, if built by the Government, at
$1,883,619, and then gives the contract price made
with these individuals at $1,455,000; and it is the
opinion of the bureau of docks and yards, that by
the agreement made with these gentlemen, there
has been an actual saving to the Government of
§428,000, over and above what it would have cost
the Government if they had built it by their own
means. This is found in a letter addressed by
Commodore Smith to the Secretary of the Navy,
on the 14th of October, 1650. If these documents
are correct, here is a law proposing to build a ba-
sin, dock, or railway in California, and a contract
entered into by the Secretary of the Navy under
that law with these gentlemen for building, and
that law should be executed so far as anything re-
mained for the Government to do, by entering into
this contract, and by the opinion of the officer
whose duty it was to superintend this matter, and
who took great pains to ascertain the cost, and
fully inform himself, we learn that this contract
was actually made with a saving to the Govern-
ment of nearly £500,000. Now, why should not
this thing go on? It is said that it has not been
tested. I have taken some pains to look into that.
It has been said that the dock at Philadelphia has
not been tested; but I find, by the opinion of the
Attorney General, that the contractors had com-
plied with everything they had pledged themselves
to do; aud that if there had been any delay in test-
ing the work, that delay was at the door of the
Government—that the Government had been neg-
ligent, and not the contractors; and upon that opin-
ion of Mr. Crittenden, the balance of twenty per
cent, which was to be retained till the testing of
the dock, has been actually paid over to them.
Then, sir, there is another reason: in the report
of the Naval Committee, which was submitted in
the House of Representatives, they speak in this
wiseof the utility and practicability of these docks.
I will read from the report of the Naval Com-
mittee, made in 1848, prior to the passage of this
law. In that report it is stated:
"It vs worthy of retnaik, that the whole body of practical
ship-wrights and ship builders, without a single evrpptinn,
in the cities o/'Philadelphia and New York, (m the latter ot'
winch, the new plan lias been m u-,e for many year**, and
still is, for the largest ship?,) have united in memorializing
Congress, in favoi of it, declaring that, in their opinion, ft
is in all respects superior to any other mode whatever."
And, sir, though these specific docks that the
Government contracted for have not been tested,
other -docks constructed on the same principle have
been tested, and the steam-ship " Baltic," a vessel
larger than the "Pennsylvania," has been act-
ually docked in one of them in the harbor of New
York. So that, excepting so far as these partic-
ular docks belonging to the Government are con-
cerned, it is not an untried experiment; and, if the
report of the Attorney General is true, the blame
of not having tested these docks attaches to the
Government alone, and not to the contractors-—
the fault lies not at their door, but at the door of
the Government.
Now, shall the Government take advantage of
its own wrong? Shall Government, for any rea-
son, refuse to perform anything that is honorably
binding on it?
Sir, it is my decided conviction, from the best
examination that I have been able to give the sub-
ject, that, as a matter of expediency and propri-
ety, we ought to proceed with the work; that, as
a matter due to California, we ought to proceed
and give them some means of repairing their mer-
chant marine and the national vessels sent there.
So far .as is necessary for an experiment, we have
all the light that is necessary, and for this reason,
1 am in favor of going on with the dock. I am
for redeeming the faith of the Government, ex-
pressed to the contractors, and implied to the peo-
ple of California, that they should have the same
facilities, so far as they can be extended, of forti-
fying their coast, and repairing their merchant
marine, which are extended to the inhabitants of
the Atlantic coast. I see no other practicable
mode but to goon and redeem the faith pledged to
the contractors, and by completing the contract,
according to that section of the law providing lor
it. For these reasons 1 will vote against any
amendment to the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from California says that he has some cause to
complain of the mode in which I have opposed
this bill—that I opposed it when it was first in-
troduced, because there was no appropriation in
it, and now oppose it because there is an appro-
priation in it and no estimates. Why, the Sen-
j ator from California totally mistakes my course in
relation to this matter. When he first called up
the bill, on hearing it read, it struck me at once
that there was no appropriation limiting the power
of the President. 1 got up and objected to that,
and said 1 should move to strike out the second
section, giving authority to make these establish-
ments, because 1 thought it gave authority to the
Executive to run us indefinitely into debt. I was
unwilling, without limitations, to vote for the es-
tablishment of a navy-yard. 1 did not say that
there should be no other limitation than one con-
tamed in an appropriation of money. The Sen-
ator has had the bill amended, and proposes to
add an appropriation; but that he has not gone
far enough in the estimation of the two Houses
of Congress, I have shown by a reference to a
statute. I could have referred to another statute
of*the same sort, if necessary. These statutes
show clearly that it was the sense of Congress
that there should be specific plans and estimates
accompanying all these projcts for the establish-
ment of public buildings. I am now willing to
make a commencement; I am willing to give what
is necessaiy to start with; but I want to feel my
way as 1 proceed; I want to know what it is in
which we are embarking the Government.
1 do not object to giving California the neces-
sary establishments because they are expensive.
I admit we must do it. But 1 say we must be-
ware how we go beyond what is necessary, be-
cause a mistake there would lead us into far more
serious consequences than a mistake would else-
where, where prices are lower. That is what 1
say.
The Senator says that everything I propose for
California is temporary. Not at all. As far as
we go, I propose to have permanent fixtures and
permanent buildings—such buildings as will al-
ways be necessary, and leave it open for us how
fast and how far we shall make additions to these
hereafter. Why, I read an estimate for a foun-
dry. Is that a temporary building? Is it not a
necessary and a permanent one? I read estimates
for a machine shop, a blacksmiths' shop, a boiler
shop, an engine house, a carpenters'shop, a store-
house, and machinery, and tools, and freight for
the same. I also read an estimate for a wharf or
pier, which, I understand, will be sufficient to ena-
ble them to work the floating dock. All of these
are necessary and permanent buildings, which
j would have to be established under any bill. The
I only difference between my scheme and that of the
j Senator from California is, that I propose to es-
! tablish these now, and wait to give authority to
j others hereafter. I know that hereafter we shall
! have to provide for other establishments, such as
1 an hospital and a marine barracks; but I wish to
i proceed by degrees, to make our contracts as they
j are necessary, and to take the chances that prices
j may fall m that country.
The Senator seems to think that I made an ob-
jection that theie could be no dock near San Fran-
cisco, because the tide rose and fell. Not at all.
I know that that is no objection, for the tide rises
and falls wherever there are stone docks: and I
know that it produces alternations in the depth of
the water of short duration. What 1 spoke of
was quite another thing. I say, that we do not
know, and cannot know, without a survey, and a
careful survey, of the spot which may be selected,
its adaptation for the purpose. I do not know
where it will be selected. What I referred to was,
whether the accumulation of fresh waters in the
rivers may not produce, owing to the darning up of
those fresh waters by the tides, long periods when
there is a very great difference between high and
low water. I was informed that, if such should
be the case, any such location would be unfit for a
basin of any sort. I know that there are situa-
tions in California which can be subject to no such
objection; but I say that, before we proceed to es-
tablish it, or to authorize the establishmentof any-
thing so expensive, we ought to know that a proper
location is proposed—one free of all danger of this
kind.
Nor did I say that a pier was a necessary part
of the basin. I said that I had been informed a
pier would be necessary whether you had a basin
or not, to steady the dock as it was rising with the
ship; and that that was the process we should have
to go through, no matter whether we had a basin
or not. The ship must be raised before it can be
carried into thebasin. I do notstate this from my
own knowledge, for 1 have no practical knowledge
on such subjects; but 1 derive the information from
those on whom I have a right to rely, and I think
j that the statement appears to carry reason with it.
' It must be so.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggestto the Senator
that the basin and railway of which he speaks in-
clude a pier. One of the sides is projected out,
say one hundred and fifty feet, so as to answer the
purpose of a pier extending into the deep water,
I for the purpose of protecting the dock which lies
; there to receive the ship, in order to be raised and
moved within the basin.
Mr. HUNTER. If the basin includes a pier,
it strengthens the view I have taken, that we can
risk nothing by making a pier at first, because it
will be necessary in any event. I have given one
reason why it is necessary—because it is required
to steady the dock as it rises with the ship. The
j Senator from North Carolina gives another reason
| why we run no risk in making it—because it is a
necessary part of the basin.
Mr. BADGER. Although the basin and rail-
way include the pier, yet the pier which the Sen-
ator proposes to construct as an independent one
will not be adapted to the basin, and cannot be
used with it.
Mr. HUNTER. I am informed otherwise.
At any rate, we know that the estimate for the
pier is about §50,000; and we run no risk in trying
this. I have given a very sufficient reason, I think,
to show that the pier will be necessary, in any
event, whether it forms a part of the basin or not.
It will be necessary to steady the dock as it rises
with the ship. I am willing to go just, so far as
i may be necessary to enable us to use the dock—
| to enable us to commence the establishment of a
navy-yard; and proceed hereafter step by step, as
the necessity of the case may develop the propriety
of such action. This is what I am m favor of.
Something has been said in relation to a con-
tract. I presume that the Secretary of the Navy
has examined that matter. I confess that I have
given no very particular attention to it. I had
presumed that an authority was originally given
to contract for more than the dock; and that be-
fore the contract was consummated and made, the
authority was revoked, and that the Secretary,
acting under this revocation of power, contracted
for less than it was originally proposed he should
contract for. That, I had presumed, was the case.
But I do not profess to have examined the papers
attentively, and 1 do not speak with certainty. At
any rate, if I was led into the error, I was led to
j it in part, by the bill itself. What does the bill
' propose to do? It establishes the basin and rail-
way as soon as "it shall have been ascertained to
i the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Navy, that
'the basin and railway now being constructed at
' Philadelphia, or Kittery, are in full and success-
* ful operation.'* Why, if this is a positive obli-
