1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
gation, we have no right to provide for this on a
contingency.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to say to my friend,
that it was a part of the contract, as the Secretary
reported to us, that the basin and railway were
not to be constructed, unless he should be sat-
isfied, by experiment, that it could be carried into
full and successful operation. The contract was
conditional on that.
Mr. HUNTER. What right had he to impose
such a condition, if the original law made it im-
perative on him to contract for a basin and rail-
way? What right had he to impose conditions
other than the law presented? If he had discre-
tion in relation to this contract, he had full dis-
cretion; and, in the exercise of that discretion,
when the power was revoked, lie determined to
contract for nothing but the dock.
Now, why not proceed by degrees? Let us
establish this pier. Let us, then, further experi-
ment, and see whether the basin and railway will
be necessary. If we should find that they were
necessary, I should be willing to vote for them,
but not until then. But 1 am not willing to leave
this matter—and I mean no disparagement to the
Secretary of the Navy—solely to his discretion.
I wish it to be left also to the discretion of Con-
gress, and when they are convinced that it has
been successfully tried, and that it is necessary to
establish it, then I have no doubt they will do so.
I hope that that portion of it will be postponed
until that time. My object in proposing the lim-
itation of 0500,000 was'not to prevent an exten-
sion of this establishment hereafter, but to require
them to proceed by degrees, according to esti-
mates; not to erect temporary buildings, but to
erect only a portion of the permanent buildings,
and such portion as might be necessary to estab-
lish the navy yard and commerce operations suc-
cessfully. Who will say, that with these build-
ings, with the dock which is already provided for,
and which is soon to go round to San Francisco,
with the pier which I propose, they will not be
able to repair ships of any size in California—that
is to say, if the dock will take them ? I have no
doubt—at least, I have not much doubt—but that
it will; and if there be any inability to repairships
there, it will arise, not out of the want of work- j
shops, if my proposition should pass, but from
the incapacity of the dock to raise and sustain
them.
Mr. GWIN. When this bill first came before
the Senate, the Senator from Virginia objected be-
cause it contained no appropriation. In order to
waive that objection, an appropriation was intro-
duced into it. It had been omitted because, as I
stated before, it could have been added to the naval
appropriation bill, when it should be brought up for
consideration. I brought the Senator's objection
to thenotice of the Naval Committee, and, that the
bill might pass with as little opposition as possible,
and at my suggestion, originating with the Senator
himself, the amendment adding the appropriation
was agreed to. The Senator says if this appro-
priation had not been put in the bill, when it be-
came a law, under it the President of the United
States would have had unlimited power to make
contracts for any amount he pleased. The Sena-
tor is altogether mistaken. Unless there be an
appropriation he has no right to make any con-
tract, and would not dare to do it; nor will any
Executive officer of this Government make a con-
tract to carry out a law when no appropriation is
made for the piupose of carrying that law into ef-
fect. Notwithstanding this undoubted fact, estab-
lished by lasv for more than thirty years, yet to
avoid the opposition of the Senator from Virginia,
the appropriation was inserted in the bill, before
the estimates, which the committee intended to
wait for, could be prepared by the board of officers
to be sent out to California. It was originally in-
tended to do the very thing which he now pro-
poses in the naval appropriation bill; but in order
to conciliate him—for I know that his opposition to
this or any other measure is not to be disregarded—
we have put that in the bill, upon which he now
bases his objections to its passage. Originally, he
said he wanted a limitation by an appropriation,
because the President would have unlimited power
to make contracts under the law if we should put
in no appropriation. But the Senator is mistaken.
The President has no power to make a contract,
" except under a law authorizing the same, or under
an appropriation adequate to its fulfillment," (act
1st May, 1820, section 6.) There is no authority
given in this bill to contract for any of the mate-
rials for the navy-yard.
A word in answer to what the Senator says of
the rivers that run into the bay of San Francisco. ;
I happen to know something about them. Here
is a map of the bay of San Francisco, [holding it
up and exhibiting it.] That bay is forty miles
long, from where those rivers emerit, to the ocean.
Here are Sancohta Raccoon Straits; Angel Island;
Aspinwall Bay; the Straits of Carcpunas, and
many other points, besides Mare Island. They
all afford bold soundings—some one hundred
feet—more water than is required for any de-
scription of dock. There is no danger of filling
up. The difficulty is not to gret a good location,
but to select between a number of good ones.
There is no possibility of filling up the channel at
any one of these points. In some places there is
water to the depth of two hundred, or more, feet.
The Senator insists upon a wooden pier—a tem-
porary one. Wiiy, nobody belie\es that when
the dock goes there, there wiil not be a temporary
pier made, so as to work it to some extent imme-
diately. 1 never thought otherwise—I never con-
tended otherwise. What kind of a temporary
pier will be erected there? Why, a crib of logs
will be sunk at a proper place, and filled with
concrete and stone, so as to answer for a tempor-
ary pier at the least possible cost. When the logs
are worm eaten, the stone and concrete will make
a pier. But when you are to build a pier to last
for a thousand years, (and such a work ought to
be durable for the purposes of theGovernment,) a
wooden pier will not answer. It must be a stone
pier. But it is said the dock will be built of wood.
Yes; but you can repair it easily. One section
can be repaired while other sections are in work-
ing order: and it can be preserved from year to
year by repair.
I will not detain the Senate longer. The Sena-
tor has brought forward estimates here; and how
did he get them? Has the Secretary of the Navy-
sent them here? The Senator admits that they
are but guesses; and I think I am as good at
guessing as the Secretary of the Navy, and his
heads of bureaus. I know as much abgut that
country, and I say that these estimates are mere
e;uess-work. I know very well that estimates
will be made before any contract will be entered
into, because a naval board of officers has gone
i out there for the purpose.
| The Senator says he does not want a marine
: barracks in California. Now, does it not seem
i ridiculous that we should have no station for ma-
• rines on the Pacific coast:—no place where a
I corps of marines can be quartered,-if an occasion
! should arise which would render it necessary to
' concentrate our forces on the Pacific coast? There
i we have a coast of neaily two thousand miles in
i extent, and not a single marine barracks. It is
i to the sea that we are to guard against our ene-
! mies. The Senator wishes us to get things little
by little—to be passing laws for the same object
' time and again for California. I am for a general
! law. „ I do not see the necessity of coming; to
i Congress session after session to get special laws
1 passed, when a general law ought to be passed at
i once.
' Mr. CLARKE. The day is now so far spent,
' that I think we shall hardly be able to get through
; with this subject to-day. I desire to address some
i few remarks to the Senate upon this bill, but it is
i so late that it will be hardly possible for me to
proceed now, so as to gain the attention of the ,
1 Senate.
I Mr. BADGER. To accommodate my friend
I from Rhode Island, I move to postpone the further
! consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
1 The motion was agreed to.
I CARMELITE KUKJfERY OF BALTIMORE.
| Mr. COOPER. At the request of several gen- '
lemen who were absent, but who desire to vote ,
i upon the bill, which was rejected on Friday, for '
I the benefit of the Carmelite Nunnery of Balti- i
i more, I move a reconsideration of the vote reject- .
! ing it. . J
S Mr. BORLAND. I suppose the motion to re-
; consider opens the consideration of the hill itself.
| The PRESIDENT. The motion is to lecon-
; sider the vote, by which the bill was rejected.
I Mr. BORLAND. Before the question is taken,
I wish that the memorial upon which the bill is
i< founded, may be read to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose it is not desired,
that the vote shall now be taken on the motion to
reconsider, but that it wiil lie over until Friday.
Mr. COOPER. I simply wished to make the
motion within the necessary time; I have no dis-
position to press it now.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be re-
corded.
Mr. BORLAND. If the motion lies over, 1
have nothing to say now.
GOLD AND SILVER COINAGE.
Mr. HUNTER. I would be glad if the Senate
would take up the bill, " amendatory of the exist-
ing Jaws relating to the dollar, dime, and half
dime." I believe there is no objection to it. We
can pass it this evening.
It was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides that from and after June 1st, 1852,
the weight of the half dollar piece shall be one
hundred and ninety-two grains, and the quarter
dollar, dime, and half dime shall be, respectively,
one half, one fifth, and one tenth of the weight of
the half dollar: that the silver coins issued in con-
formity with this act shall be legal tenders in pay-
ment for all sums not exceeding five dollars; that,
in oider to procure bullion for the requisite coin-
age of sub-divisions of the dollar, the treasurer of
the mint shall, with the approval of the director,
purchase bullion with the bullion fund of the mint;
that these coins shall be paid out at the mint in
exchange for gold coins in sums not less than
$300: that the amount of half dollars, quartet dol-
lars, dimes, and half dimes to be coined, shall be
regulated by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
that no deposits shall be received heieafter for
coinage other than those made by the treasurer of
the mint on account of the United States. The
bill further provides, that, at the option of the de-
positor, gold or silver may be cast into bars or in-
gots of pure or standard fineness, as the owner
may prefer, with a stamp on it, designating its
weight and fineness; the bars or ingots to be either
one^two, three, five, or ten ounces in weight; but
in cases where gold or silver is cast into itigots,
there shall be charged to the depositor, in addition
to the charge now made, for refining and parting,
one half of one per cent. The bill also provides,
that from time to time there shall he coined at the
United States Mint and its branches, a gold piece
of the value of three dollars, and that all the pro-
visions of an act approved March 3, 1849, " to
authorize the coinage of gold dollars and double
eagles," shall be applied to the coin herein author-
ized, so far as they may be applicable, but the de-
vices and shape of the three dollar piece shall be
fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury. This act
is to be in force from and after 
Mr. HUNTER. I move to fill the blank with
"the first day of May next."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engiossed for a third reading.
COMPENSATION OF DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all prior or-
ders, for the purpose of taking up Senate bill No.
52, which was reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary—being a bill increasing the salary
of the district judge of the United States for the
district of New Hampshire. I will state a single
reason why it should be taken up. There have
been applications presented here from New York
and Massachusetts, praying that the district judges
of Vermont and New Hampshire might be liable
to perform duties in those States. A bill to that
effect has passed, and become a lav.*. The salary
of the district judge of New Hampshire is §1,00C—
the smallest upon the whole calendar of the thirty-
one States. You have passed a law extending Ms
jurisdiction to the adjoining States; and I think
the least you can do is to give him a comfortable
support. 'The Judiciary Committee unanimously
recommend an increase to $1,600 per annum. I
hope the Senate will take up the bill and pass it.
Mr. DAWSON. I would say to the Senator
from New Hampshire, tha,t there are various
propositions of that kind, and that it would be
better to put tbem all in the same bill, and pass
them together.
Mr. HALE. Oh, no: they are different bills.
Mi. DAWSON. Then I shall oppose this. I
would prefer to have them all together.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
