1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
now is on agreeing to the amendment reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FELCH. I hope we may vote down that
proposition; not but that I prefer it altogether to
that which is offered by my friend from Califor-
nia, for I am disposed to be more liberal than his
substitute proposes to be, to the settlers on the
public lands in that portion of the country. But
as he apprehends difficulty, apart from the merits
of the case, and desires to substitute a preemption
right instead of a donation right, of course I yield
at once, and hope the Senate will vote down the
amendment of the committee.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Public Lands was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I now offer my substitute for the
original bill; which is to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
That the surveyor general for the district or State of
California, who is now, or may hereafter he appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall keep hi^ office at such place as the President,
in view of the public convenience, shall from time to tune
dircct; and the surveyor genera!, if he has not already
done so, and his successors in office, before entering upon
duty, shall take and subscribe an oath or affirmation before
a judne ofa United States court, or other competent officer,
to support the Constitution of the United States, and faith-
fully discharge the duties of his office, and give bond in the
same amount as otner surveyors general, the penalty
thereof to be increased whenever the Secretary of the In-
terior shall deem proper. He shall be entitled to receive a
salary at the rate of .$4,500 per annum, payable quarter-
yeariy, to commence from the time of entering into bond.
Sec. 2. And be it further enactcd, That there shall be
allowed for clerk hire in the office of the surveyor general,
the sum of .$11,000 per annum, or so much thereof as may
be necessary; and for office rent, fuel, and other incidental
expenses of his office, such sums as shall be found neces-
sary by the Secretary ofthe Inteuor. And the Secretary of
the Interior is hereby authorized to cause an official seal to
be prepared for the office of the said surveyor general; and
any copy of, or extract* from the plats, field-notes, and other
records and documents on file m his office, when attested
as such, by the said seal, and the signature of the surveyor
general, shall, in all judicial matters, have the same force
and effect as the originals.
Sec. 3- And be tt further enacted, That the said sur-
ve>or general shall havethesame power and authority, and
perform the same duties respecting the public lands and
private claims in the State of California, as by law appertains
to. and are required ofthe surveyor general in Louisiana,
except so far as the same may be modified by this act. He
shall engage a sufficient number of skillfn! surveyors as his
deputies, whom he shall cause to survey, measure, and mark
ba«e and meridian lines through such points, and perpetuated
by such monuments, and such other correction parallels
aiid meridians as may be prescribed, and also to survey and
establish the other lines of the puhlir lands. He shall also
cause all private claims to be surveyed after they have been
confirmed; and in the location and survey of them, he shall
have the same power and authority as are conferred on the
land officers of Louisiana, by the sixth section of the act of
3d March, 1831, creating the office of the surveyor general
for that State; and for smveying the base and meridian
lines, and private claims, and meandering navigable waters,
the deputy surveyor shall be allowed not exceeding .$16
per mile; and for surveying the other lines of the public
lands, there shall be paid not exceeding an average of .^1^
per mile: Provided, That none other than township lines
shall be surveyed when the lands are mineral or are
deemed unfit for cultivation ; and no allowance shall be
made for  uch lines as are not actually run and marked in
the field, and were, actually necessary to be run.
Sec. 4. Jind he. it further enacted, That if, in the opinion
ofthe Secretary ofthe Interior, it shall be advisable, he is
herebv authorized to diiect such surveys after what is
known as the geodetic method. And whenever, in the
opinion ofthe Secretary of the Inteuor, a departure from
the rectangular mode oi'suiveymg and subdividingthe pub-
lic lands would promote the pnbho interest, he may direct
such change to be made in the mode of surveying and des-
ignating the said lands as he may deem proper, with refer-
ence to" the existence of mountains, mineral deposits, and
the advantages derived from timber and water privileges:
Provided, That such lands shall not be surveyed into less
than one hundred and sixty acres, or subdivided into less
than forty acres, unless under peculiar circumstances.
Sec 5.- And be it further enacted, That there shall be
appointed, bv the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, a legister of the land office and re-
ceiver of public moneys for the State of California, at such
timo as m his judgment, the public interest may demand,
with a salarv each of three thousand dollars per annum,
pa\ able qumter-yoaily ; and the land office shall be located
at'^ueh place a« the President, in view of the public con-
venience, shall from time to time direct; and pieviously to
entering on the duties of their offices, they each shall take
and subscribe an oath or animation, before one of the
judges of the United States courts, or other competent
officer, to suppoit the Constitution of the United States,
and faithlullv lu discharge the duties of their reppecttvc
office, and shall give bond in the same amount as other
reci-.teis and receivers of the public land offiees; and their
geneial duties and responsibilities shall be the same as*
other offieeis of like character r Provided, however, That
at s,uch time or times as in his judgment the public inteiests
mav so mi Derail velv require, and in the absence or any
fuitVr and special legislation of Confess on the subject,
it shall be lawful for the President of the United States to
divide the State ot California into two oi three sepaiate
and distinct land districts, as circumstances shall deter-
mine to be neeessaiy, embracing, respectively, the upper
and lower, or the upper, middle and lower portions of the
State; and he shall appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, or during the recess ot Congress
when necessary, a register of the land office and receiver
of public moneys for each of such land districts; and the
land offices for the. same, respectively, shall be located at,
and be removed from tune to time to such places as the
President shall deem most suitable for public convenience.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all the public
lands in the State of California, whether surveyed or unsur-
veyed, with the exception of sections sixteen and tbirty-
six, which shall be and hereby are granted to the State for
the purposes of public schools in each township, and with
the exception of lands reserved and appropriated under the
authority of this act, and excepting also the lands claimed
under any foreign grant or title and the mineral lands, shall
be subject to the preemption laws of 4th September, 1841;
and shall, after the plats thereof are returned to the office
ot the register, be ottered Jor sale, after six months' public
notice hi the State of the time and place of sale under the
laws, rules, and regulations now governing such" sales, or
such as may be hereaiter prescribed : Provided, That where
unsurveyed lands are claimed by preemption, the usual
notice of such claim shall be filed within tinee mouths
alter the return of the plats of surveys to the land offices,
and proof and payment shall De made prior to the day ap-
pointed by the President's pioclamation lor the commence-
ment of the sale, including such lands, the entry of such
claims to be made by legal subdtviMons, and m the most
compact form: And provided further, That the restrictions
in the act ot 4th September, 1841, as to the extent of the
possessions of the claimant, and of quitting or abandoning
his residence on his own land to reside on public iand in
this State, shall interpose no bar to their obtaining the bene-
fits of this act; and all of said lands that shall remain un-
sold after having been proclaimed and offered, shall be sub-
ject to entiy at private sale as other public land, and at the
same minimum pnee peracre; arid the register and receiver
shall not be entitled to any percentage or fees, except for
deciding preemption cases, when each of them shall be al-
lowed the same fees as are paid to oilier like officers ; but
the receiver shall be entitled to his actual necessary ex-
penses, going and returning m making his deposits.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That where any set-
tlement, by the erection of a dwelling house, or the culti-
vation of anv portion of the land, shall be made upon the
sixteenth and thntv sixth sections, befoie the same shall
be surveyed, or where such sections may be reserved for
public uses or taken by private claims, other lands shall be
selected by the proper authorities of the State in heu
thereof, agreeably to the provisions of the act of Congiess,
approved on the 20th of May, 1826, entitled " An act to
appropriate lands for the supportof schools in certain town-
ships and fractional townships, not before provided for,"
and which shall be subject to approval by the Secretary of
the Interior. And no person shall make a settlement or
location upon any tract or parcel of land selected for a mil-
itary post, or within one mile of such post, or on any other
lands reserved by competent authority ; nor shall any per-
son obtain the benefits of this act by a settlement or loca-
tion on mineral lands.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the public lands,
not being mineral lands, occupied as towns or villages,
shall not be subdivided, or subject to sale, or to be appro-
priated by settlers, under the provisions of this act; but the
whole of fcueh lands, whether settled upon before or after
the survey ofthe same, shall be bubject to the provisions of
the act entitled " An act for the relief of the citizens of
towns upon the lands of the United States, under certain
circumstances," approved May 23d, 1S44, except such
towns as arc located on or near mineral lands, the inhabit-
ant* of which shall have the right of occupation and culti-
vation only until such time as Congress shail disposeofthe
! same; nor shall any lancft specially reserved for public
' uses be appiopriated under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
' public surveys, oi any portion of them, authorized b> thib
' act or by the act approved September 27, 1850, entitled
I "An act to create the office of surveyor general ofthe
' public lands in Oregon, and to provide tor the survey and
! to make donations to settleis of the said public lands," are
' so required to be made as to render it expedient to make
' compensation foi the surveying thereof by the day, instead
1 of bv the mile, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner of
I the General Land Office, under direction of the Secretary
: of the Interior, to make such fair and reasonable allow-
I ance as, in his judgment, shall be necessary to insure the
i accurate and faitlnul execution ofthe work.
i Sec 10. And be it farther enacted, That, except where
1 the President of the United States shail see cause other-
i wise to determine, each officer to be appointed in virtue of
> this act, and ai o every other like officer of the United
' States mav continue m the uninterrupted discharge of his
1 -regular official duties, and is hereby authorized accordingly
1 so*to act, after the day ot expiration of his official couums-
i «ion and until a new commission shall be issued to him
for the «ame office, or otherwise, until the day when asuc-
I cessor shall enter upon the duties of such office; and the
1 existing official bond of any such officer so acting, shall be
1 deemed and held to be good and sufficient, and in toice
; until the date of the approval ofa new bond to be given by
I him if recommissioned, or otherwise, for the additional
< time wherein he may so continue officially to act. pursu-
1 ant to authority hereof. And the provision as to bonds to
he "iven by deputy surveyors for the faitlilul execution of
1 their duties, in a penalty of double the ustimated amount
1 ,f money accruing to them under their surveying con-
1 ;ra",Tasy retired V the aet of March 3d, 1831, entitled
i "An aet to create the office of suiveyor general of the
; public lands for the State of Louisiana," referred to m the
third sect,on of this act, shall l.e and the same is heieby
' made applicable to public surveys m the Mate of Califor-
I nia and the sufficiency of the sureties to all such bonds
"hall be aupioved and ccrt.fied by the proper surveyor gen-
I eraI • and the same provision is hereby extended to all
! other blanches of the public surveying service elsewhere ;
I and all such bonds heretofore required of deputy survey-
ors according to usage in the surveying: service, shall be
' deemed and held to be of tbe same validity as it the same
had been required by law. And it is hereby made
of oach of the respective surveyors general of the public
lands of the United States, so far as is compatible vwth the
desk duties of his office, occasionally to inspect the sur-
veying operations while in progress in tbc field, sufficiently
to satisfy himself from actual inspection, of the fidelity cw
the execution oi the work according to contract, and tb©
actual and necessary expenses incurred by biro while .
engaged, f-hall be allowed; and where it is incompatible
with his other duties, for a surveyor general to devote tbe-
time necessary to make a personal inspection of thfe worfe-
in progress, theij he shall be, and hereby is, authorized
depute a confidential agent to make such examination; and,
the actual and necessary expenses of such person shall be
allowed and paid for that service, and $8 per day during the
examination in the field : Provided, That such examina-
tion shall not be protracted beyond thirty days, and in no
case longer than is actually necessary; and when a sur-
veyor general, or any person employed in his office at a
regular salary, shall be engaged in such special service, he
or they shail only receive hi& necessary expenses'in addi-
tion to his regular salary.
Stc. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
ofthe Interior be, and he is heieby, authorized and required
to cause to be provided for the office of surveyor general of
Oregon a seal, with such device as shall be deemed suit-
able, and copies of any papers bn file in his office which
may be authenticated by him under said seal shall be ev-
idence in all eases m which the originals would be ev-
idence ; and from and alterthe passage of this act the salary
of xaid surveyor shall be $3,500 per annunl.
Skc. 12. And be it further enacted, That the quantity
of two entire townships, or seventy-two sections, shall be
and the same is hereby granted to the State of California,
for the use of a seminary of learning; said lands to be se-
lected by the Governor ofthe State, or anv person he may
designate for that purpose, in legal subdivi>«ious of not less
than a quarter-secUon of any of the unsold, unoccupied,
and unappropriated public lands therein, subject to the ap-
proval ofthe Secretary of the Interior, and to be disposed
of as the Legislature shall direct: Provided, however, That
no mineral lands, or lands reserved for any public purpose
whatever, or lands to^which any settler may be entitled
under the provisions of this act, shall be subject to such
selection.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
and is hereby granted to the State of California the quan-
tity of ten entire sections of land, for the purpose of erect-
ing the public buildings of that State; said lands to be se-
i leeted bv the Governor, or any persons he may designate^
' in legal "subdivisions of not less than a quarter-section of
' any of the unsold, unoccupied, and unappropnated publie
| lands in that State, and snbject to the approval of the Sec-
i retaryof the [ntenor: Providedf however, That none of
I said selections shall be made of mineral lands, or lands re-
f served for any public purpose whatever, or lands to which
| any settler may be entitled under the provisions of this act.
Mr. FELCH. I wish to propose one or two
j verbal amendments. The first one is to strike out
i the words " reserved and" in the sixth line of the
| sixth section, and to insert after the word "act"
| the words " or reserved by competent authority."
i That part of the section will then read—
l "That all the public lands in the State of California,
| whether surveyed or unsurveyed, with the exception of sec-
tions sixteen and thirty-six, which shall be, and hereby are,
I granted to the State for the purposes of public schools in
j each township, and with the exception of land<3 appropna-
j ted under the authority of this act, or reserved by compe-
tent authority," &c.
; The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. FELCH. i propose further to amend the
i same section, by inserting in the twenty-second
! line, after the word " subdivisions," the words
; " according to the United States surveys." That
; part of the section will then read—
i " Provided, That where unsurveyed lands are claimed
i by preemption, the usual notice of such claim shall be file3
! within three months atter the return ot the plats of surveys
! to the land offices, and proof and payment shail be made
j prior to the day appointed by the President's proclamation
i for the commencement of the sale including such laiids#
] the entry of such claims to be made by legal subdivisions,
' according to the United States surveys," &c.
J The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. FELCH. I further move to amend the
1 same section by adding at the end the following
l proviso—
• « Providei, That nothing in this act shall be construed to
authorize any settlement to be made on any of the public
lands not surveyed subsequently to the 1st day of January,
< in the year 1853, nor shall any rights ot such settlers be
! recognized by virtue of any settlement or improvement
j made subsequent to that date."
' Mr. GWIN. I trust the Senator from Michi-
gan will so change his proviso as to confine his
' restriction to one year after the passage of this act.
■ It may so happen that this act may not be passed
1 by the first of January next. I would suggest to
1 him to strike out the words " 1st of January.
■ 1853," and insert " one year subsequently to the
[ passage of this act.''
1 Mr. FELCH. I will modify the proviso so as
I to meet the views of the Senator from California.
| The proviso as modified was read, as follows:
! " Provided, That nothing in this act shall be construed
! to authorize any settlement to be made on any public tand
I not surveyed1, unless the same be ^iade within one "year
j from the passage of this act; nor shall any rights ol sucii
