1T73
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
settlers be recognized by virtue of any settlement or im-
provement made upon such unsurveyed lands subsequent
to thai <&te."
_ Mr. FELCH. The bill now recognizes the
rights of settlers to preemption on lands that are
not surveyed; of course it must do so, or no
rights could be recognized, as no lands have been
surveyed as yeL The bill, as originally reported
at the last session of Congress, followed in its
provisions'.the bill in relation to settlements in
Oregon, granting to settlers donation rights, not
merely at the present time, but prospectively, as
in.Oregon, until the end of two years from the
next January; a considerable portion of that time
has now elapsed, and I propose in the amendment
to give settlers time to secure the preemption
rights on the unsurveyed lands, hoping that a
commencement may be made in the surveys, so
that they may obtain privileges, either by entry
or by. preemption claims. I do not think, consid-
ering the great length of time required to obtain
information in California in regard to the provis-
ions of this act, that the time mentioned—one year
—would be too lon^; certainly not too long, when
compared with the time allowed in the bill relative
to Oregon; but that is a matter for the consider-
ation of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. It may all be right, but still
1 want some information in regard to the bill. I
believe' it is a departure from the system which
has been pursued on this side of the Rocky
Mountains, as we have never given preemption
rights ahead of the surveys, except in special
cases. Perhaps it is also a departure from the
system in another respect, as it proposes to permit
whites to £o and settle upon Indian lands.
Mr. GWIN. There are no Indians in Califor-
nia who can claim rights, other than possessory
rights, to any of the agricultural lands.' Then-
locations on these lands are mostly broken up.
The Indians are in the mountains, in and beyond
the gold regions. There are few Indian tribes, so
fur as my information extends, who would be dis-
turbed in consequence of the passage of this act.
There is no obstacle, therefore, on this ground,
in the way, and it is important that the bill
shouldpass, as it will entitle persons who have
settled on lands belonging to the United States,
whether surveyed or unsurveyed, to their preemp-
tion rights, and give them security in their posses-
sions until the surveys are made; for Senators
should remember, that only $25,000 have been
appropriated for the purpose of extending the
laud system of the United States to California;
and although some township lines have been ran,
none of the public lands have as yet been sur-
veyed, nor can they be, to the extent that the
wants of the country demand, for many years to
come. The only thing that.it remains for us to do,
therefore, is to devise means for the purpose of
securing occupants in the peaceable possession of
their lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FELCU. In the forty-seventh line of the
eleventh section, there is a provision for the pay-
ment of the actual and necessary expenses of the
officer who may be deputed by the surveyor gen-
eral to inspect, in his stead, the surveying opera-
tions while in progress in the field. It provides
that, in addition to the allowance and payment of
the actual and necessary expenses of such person,
he shall be paid eight dollars per day during the
examination in the field. I move to amend this
  "viu, a juiuvc to ttuxenu mis
part of the section by striking out " eight," and
inserting " live*/5 so that this officer shall be re-
munerated at the rate of five dollars per day.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Gvvin's substitute, as amended, was'agreed
to, and the bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. GEYER. I observe, in the sixth section,
it is proposed to grant to the State of California
sections sixteenth and thirty-sixth, in every town-
ship, for purposes of schools. I do not know,
Mr. President, what is the reason for that differ-
ence in this act, from the course which has beeu
taken in regard to other States and Territories,
with the exception of Oregon, and why it is pro-
posed to grant two sections in every township for
the support of schools. I do not look upon it as
a grant to a State; but I suppose that these dona-
tions are made by way of encouraging persons to
settle upon the public lands, and that thev are
given to the towns as an inducement that'they
will have this land appropriated to schools; while
in the other land States the sixteenth section alone
has been reserved. I understand the thirty-sixth
section -was also reserved in Oregon and dedicated
to schools. But I suppose that arose from the pe-
culiar condition of that country. A'different sys-
tem from that which-has been adopted in the other
States and Territories "was adopted there by way
of inducing persons to go into that remote region
to occupy that territory, then belonging to the
United States, which had remained unsettled by
citizens of the United States for many years. I
do not know that any such bounty is necessary to
induce settlements in California^ and I therefore
move to strike out the words " and thirty-sixth."
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator from Missouri
will take into consideration the time when the Ore-
gon bill passed, he will find that it was within the
last two years, and that it has precisely the same
provision which is in this bill. I am sure that the
same advantages, in regard to education, are due
to the people of California which have been
granted to the people of Oregon. It seems to me
it would be a most flagrant act of favoritism to give
to the people of Oregon, who are divided from the
people of California only by an imaginary line,
double the amount of land for school purposes
which you give to the people of California. As to
the inducements to emigration,the Oregon bill was
passed with more especial reference to the settled
policy of the Government; and the same course
will be pursued with respect to remote Territories
hereafter. I hope this distinction will not be drawn
against the people of California, when the same
amount of land precisely has been granted to the
people of Oregon, and wnen there are many advan-
tages given to thepeople of that T erritory which are
notasked for in this bill. The donation principle
is admitted in the bill for Oregon; and though we
will contend for that principle hereafter, if the
homestead bill does not become a law, all we ask
now is simply that we may have the land system
extended to California, and the same amount of
land granted for school purposes as was granted
to Oregon.
Mr. GrEYER. Mr. President, if I thought my
proposition would have the effect of a discrimina-
tion against California, I would withdraw the mo-
tion to amend at once; but it is because there is a
discrimination in favor of California that I have
made the motion. Provisions are proposed to be
made for the people of California, which were
never made for those of any other State. I would
have no earthly objection to the dedication of four
sections'of land iii every township, for the pur-
poses of schools, if that is to be the system to be
adopted in reference to the public lands; indeed,
I believe the interests of the Government would
be promoted by providing that four sections in
every township should be given for that purpose,
msteud of one. But my attention was called to
this by the fact that in every other land State, the
sixteenth section alone has been reserved for the
benefit of schools, and I am not able to under-
stand why a discrimination was made in favor of
California. It was made in the case of Oregon,
and it was made as an exception, and I supposed
it arose from the fact that some additional induce-
ment was necessary to be offered to prevail on
persons to go into that remote region and settle-
it was to some extent necessary for the defense of
that Territory of the Uiiited States, that it should
be occupied by citizens' of our own country, and
on that account I supposed it was that two sec-
tions were dedicated to school purposes in every
township. I do not understand that the same"
reason exists now in relation to California, and I
beg the Senator from that State [Mr. Gwml to
understand that it is because it is making an ex-
ception, departing from our general policy, that I
object to it Allowing, and believing it to be good
policy for the Government generally to appropri-
ate a larger portion of the pubhc land than has
heretofore been appropriated for purposes of edu-
cation, it is only because this seems to be an ex-
ception to the general policy that I object.
ti** **' I will state to the Senatorfrom
Missouri, [Mr. Geter,] that when I was on the
Committee on Public Lands, we had this bill be-
fore that committee, and I concurred in this pro-
vision m relation to California; and I did so from
a conviction that even after this bill had passed,
California would have less valuable school land
than either the State of the honorable Senator or my
own. Such is the character of the country, that
though they get nominally twice as much land,
they will really have less in value. Now, the
Senator knows that the whole of that country is
of an entirely different formation from anything
on this side of the mountains; that the only por-
tion of the country capable of cultivation, is that
lying along the rivers, arid even that, in most in-
stances, must be irrigated in order to be profitably
cultivated. I take it for granted that the country
is very much like that which we saw in Mexico,
when we passed through it, rather of an Asiatic
formation; and if so, California, even if you double
the quantity given toother States, would have a less
quantity of valuable land, given for this purpose,
than the State of Missouri, or Iowa, or Illinois.
That was the impression upon which I acted then,
and I am satisfied, that if the Senator will reflect
for a moment that that country is only capable of
being cultivated along the rivers, and even there,
in many instances, only by irrigation, he will see
that this land will not fare sufficient to afford the
means of education which we have in the States
of the Mississippi valley, where the land is so
much more fertile. -
Mr. BORLAND. I am in favor of retaining
this proviso, on the general ground that^it is a
proper and good policy to double the quantity of
land usually given for common-school purposes;
and m connection with this, I will mention now—
for I presume some Senators may have forgotten
it—that, two years ago, the Senate passed, with-
out a dissenting voice, a bill granting to all the
new States having public lands within their bor-
ders, this additional section of land in each town-,
ship, and further allowing an exchange of all the
school sections, where they might be found to be
of inferior or unsalable quality. The bill was
introduced by myself, and was reported favorably
upon by the Committee on Public Lands. It
passed the Senate, and most probably did not pass
the Housam consequence of its notbeing reached,
isucb a bill, I believe, is on the Calendar now from
the Committee on Public Lands. I trust, there-
fore, that you will pass this section as it is. I
think it is-desirable that it should be passed I
did suggest to the Senator from California that it
might be well to amend it by making the provision
applicable to all the States; but as he wishes his
bill to stand upon its' own merits, I will not offer
that amendment.
Mr. GEYER. ^ As I said before, I am not dis-
posed to press this amendment, because I believe
the provision of the bill, as it now stands, to be
unjust to other States; not on that ground at all.
I he explanation given by the Senator from Illi-
nois has satisfied me that this case may probably
be an exception. The lands of California may
probably not be such lands as would be of any
great value At the same time, I am pleased to
learn that the Senate, on one occasion, have passed
an act to extend it to other States; and I, for one,
would be ready to vote for such a proposition as
would equalize grants to the States to any number
of sections not exceeding four sections to every
township for the purposes of education. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. FELCH. I wish to offer an- additional
proviso to-the sixth section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And provided further, That this aet shall not be construed
to authorize any settlements to be made in any tract of coun-
try in the occupation of any Indian tribes, or to grant anv
preemption right to the same. b '
Mr. GWIN The rights of the Indians to any
territory in California are merely possessory: and
1 would like to learn from the Senator from Mich-
igan whether this would have any reference to
certain settlements made by the Board of Indian
Commissioners under treaties which they made
and which, perhaps, it is not improper to say'
were not confirmed by the Senate. They have
been placed on portions of the public land they
did not occupy before. I am quite willing to con-
cede that these Indians have possessory rights as
they had them when- the country came into the
possession of theUnited States, when they occupy
the same locations, but there are at present very-
few of them m the agricultural districts. Those
who are located in the agricultural districts were
chiefly at the mission stations. I believe there
were at one time some thirty thousand Indians at
the various missions in California. There are
some few Indian villages on the Sacramento and
other rivers. There i  one on Captain Sutter's -
