1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1773
possessions. But they are diminishing every year,
and I am not anxious to disturb them in their pos-
sessions, but am also unwilling to acknowledge
any right of soil in these tribes. Let them remain
at the villages they now^occupy, and confine the
operation of the proviso to that object, and I will
not oppttee it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would take the liberty of
asking the Senator from California, what provis-
ion is made in regard to the land occupied by
these Indian missions?
Mr. GWIN. None at all. It does nofbear
upon them. A large number of grants have been
made of lands formerly cultivated by the missions.
The bill merely relates to the public domain dis-
tinct from the lands. These lands, for a few varas
immediately around the missions, are claimed by
the priests, and these claims are, I presume, being
adjudicated upon by the board of commissioners.
The bill has no reference to these claims whatever.
They may be brought before Congress in a sepa-
rate bill, if it is decided that the board of land com-
missioners have not power to extend to them the
relief which the representatives of the church ask.
Mr. FELCH. My object in offering this
amendment is certainly not to embarrass any of
the settlers of California. A suggestion was made
by the Senator from Virginia, that we might pos-
sibly, in legislating on this matter, be interfering
with some of the rights of the Indians of that
country. The truth is, that we have little actual
knowledge on the subject of the Indian tribes in
that country. Officially, we have none, for 1 be-
lieve we have no treaties that ever were made
with any of them. It is, however, understood
that a large portion of the country occupied by
the whites is relieved of the original inhabitants.
Still I understand that there are portions of the
country to which the Indians have retired—per-
haps mineral portkms—and which they are occu-
pying to a considerable extent. My object was
to avoid the possibility of white people going
among the Indians and making settlements, and
claiming that the United States had given sanction
to it by this law in opposition to the rights of the
Indians. The way to get rid of the Indians is not
by sending white men to claim rights among them.
It is to form treaties with them, as the Government
has heretofore done, according to the provisions of
the Constitution. Although this bill is intended
to provide for those settlers who are now there,
and those who may go there within a limited time,
I think we should endeavor to keep it free from
all embarrassments of the kind to which I have
alluded. I therefore apprehend, that while this
proviso will not interfere with any settlements made
there, because the settlements will be made where
there .are no Indians, yet I think it is a safeguard
which is due to the Indian themselves, and which
we ought to throw around their rights. I do not
apprehend that this proviso will embarrass any-
body; but, on the other hand, it seems to me to
be quite proper that we should give the Indian
that security which I desire to give him by this
proviso.
Mr. GWIN. I shall not oppose it. I do not
think it will have any particular bearing any way.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to; and the section, as finally
amended, is as follows:
" Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted., That all the public
lands in the State of California, whether siuveyed or unsur-
veyed, with the exception of sections sixteen anil thuty-rix,
which shall be and hereby are panted t" the State for the
purposes of public schools m each township, and with the
exception of lands appropriated under the authority ot" tilts
act, or reserved by competent authonty, and cxepptin" also
the lands, claimed under anv foieletl grant or title, and the
mineral lands, shall be subiect to the pieemptioil laws of
4th September, IMt, and slull, alter flic plats thereof me
returned to the office of the icgistev, be offered foi sale, after
eix months' imbue notice in the State of the time and place
of sale undei the laws, rules, and legulations now govern-
ing such salet=, or sui-h as maybe hereatter pic^cubed:
ProbKled, That'wheie unsurveyed land* arc claimed hy pre-
emption, the usual notice of such claim shall be filed within
three months aftet the return of the plats ot surveys to the
land offices, and proof and paj'tnent shall be made prior to
the day appointed hy the President's proclamation for the
commencement of the sale, including buch lands, the entry
to such claims to be made by legal subdivision^, according
of the United Statesssurveys,,andin the most compactfoim :
And prorided further, That the restrictions in the act ot
4th September, 1811, as to the extent of the possessions ot
the claimant, and of quitting or sibandomng hi3 residence
011 his own hind to reside on public land in this State, shall
interpose no bar to their obtaining the benefits of this act;
and all of said lands that shall remain unsold after having
beeu proclaimed and offered, shall bo subject to entry at
private sale as other public land, and at the same minimum
price per acre; and the register and receiver shall not
be entitled to any percentage or fees, except for deciding
preemption cases, when each of them shall be allowed the
sainfc lees as are paid to other like officers ; but the receiver
shall be entitled to his actual necessary expenses, going and
returning in making his deposits : Provided, That nothing
in this act shall be construed to authorize any settlement to
be made on any public land not surveyed, unless the same
be made within one year from the passage of this act; nor
shall any rights of such settlers be recognized by virtue of
any settlement or improvement made on such unsurveyed
lands subsequent to that date: And provided further, That
this act shall not be construed to autnonze any settlements
to be made in any tract of countiy m the occupation of any
Indian tubes, or to grant any preemption rights to the same."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will now be on concurring in the several amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in, and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
EXCHANGES OF SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. MALLORY. I now move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders, with a view to take up
" A bill allowing exchanges of school lands, and
authorizing selections for deficiencies in certain
cases."
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides, that where any tract of land which
| has been set apart for the use of schools m any of
| the several States which contain public land, has
been or shall be found of inferior quality, unfit
for cultivation, or unfavorably located, the proper
' school authorities of such State may, and they
are hereby authorized to relinquish the same un-
der such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and to select in lieu thereof, in legal subdi-
visions, a quantity not to exceed the number of
acres of the tract so relinquished, of any of the
unclaimed and unappropriated public lands then
subject to private entry at the minimum price, sit-
uated within the township where said relinquished
, land was situated; or should none of good quality
j remain in the township, then the selection may be
I made in each case from any such land within the
j limits of the particular State, the selection to em-
1 brace at one and the same time all the land author-
] ized to be taken by the authorities making the
] exchange, and to be entered and recorded at the
j proper land office of the district in which the se-
: lected land may lie; and upon the approval By the
Secretary of the Interior of the new selection un-
der authority of this act, a patent shall issue as in
other cases: provided, that before any such patent
shall issue, or any right or interest attach to the
land so selected, the proper authorities holding
the title to the land proposed tp be exchanged,
shall execute and deliver to the United States
proper deed or deeds, to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, conveying to the United
States an unencumbered title to the premises so
proposed to be exchanged; and also, that the prin-
ciples of the act entitled " An act to authorize the
selection of certain school lands m the Territories
of Florida, Iowa, and Wisconsin," approved the
15th of June, 1854, and which have been hereto-
fore held to be applicable only to actually, sur-
veyed townships, in which the sixteenth section
therein was either in whole or in part covered by
confirmed titles, leaving other public land m said
township be extended so as to apply to those
tracts of country, in any of the States referred to
in the first section of this act, covered by large
private claims, which embrace a greater area than
a township and which, therefore, may have pre-
cluded the survey in the usual rectangular mode
of what would have been a township of public
land; and also, that the land authorized to be se-
' lected and granted by this act, may be, by the
1 proper State authorities, disposed of for the same
| purpose and in the same manner as other school
i lands heretofore granted.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
WEST FELICIANA^RAILROAP.
Mr. BROOKE. I ask for the postponement of
the previous orders, for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 306. It is a bill for the relief of the
West Feliciana Railroad Company .
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
taken up as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill has been published heretofore. It pro-
vides that the duties paid by the West Feliciana
Railroad Company on certain iron rails iifi'ported
by the eompany in 1836, be refunded by the Gov-
ernment. " "
Mr. DAWSON. I propose the following ad-
ditional section to the bill, .covering the same prin-
ciple for a similar object: :
Seo. 2. Be it further enacted, That^tlie Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to refund to the
Georgia Railroad and Banking Company the duties collected
on certain railroad iron imported by said company: Pro-
vided, That the said company shall prove to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the rails so imported
were actually laid down at, 6r about, the time when the
rails of the Red River Company, the Central Gfeorgia Rail-
road and Banking Company, and the Mimrofi -Railroad
Company were laid down, on the rails of which companies
Congress has already remitted the duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should really like to
know what peculiarity there is in these two oases,
that should cause Congress to remit the duty on
this iron ? Other companies, I believe, pay duties
on railroad iron. If there is anything peculiar in
these two cases that would make them exceptions
to the general rule, I should like to know it.
Mr. BROOKE. In accordance with the request
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, I will state the
facts of this case. By an act passed in July,
1832, all the railroad iron imported within five
years thereafter, and actually laid down, was to
be admitted free of duty. In 1836, iron was im-
ported by the West Feliciana Railroad Company
—a portion of it was taken'direct to New Or-
leans, and a portion to New York. That part of
the iron which was sent to New Orleans was lost
by the sinking of the steamer Choctaw, while on
her way up the river; and in consequence of dif-
ficulties having occurred in securing the right of
way, that portion which was conveyed to New
York was not laid down within the five years
specified by the act, although it was imported
within that time; and the company'now ask that
the duties be refunded to them, inasmuch as they
complied, so far as they could, with the aet of
1832. I ask for the reading of the report, which
sets forth all the facts.
Mr. DAWSON. My; friend from Pennsylva-
nia, who represents the iron interest, [Mr.Bito"p-
iiead,] will find that this amendment comes in
competition with no interest which he represents.
It is only to perform an act of justice, which has
been recognized in this body for eighteen years
past. It will be recollected that in 1832 the Gov-
ernment of the United States, for the purpose of
encouraging internal improvements by the States,
permitted railroad iron to be brought in free, as
these duties had an oppressive effect upon individ-
ual and State enterprise. The act was continued
in force down through 1836 and 1837, and until
1842. The facts in regard to that njatter have
been properly stated by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Bkooke.]
As early as 1833, Georgia undertook to connect
the Northern with the Gulf States by a railroad
communication, and to open a way for travel to
the Mississippi valley. We expended more cap-
ital, undertook more weighty contracts, and exe-
cuted them with greater rapidity than any other
State in the Union, altogether for the convenience
of the country, and at an immense loss, for cur
stock went down to forty cents on the dollar.
But we have survived all that. It so happened
that large shipments of railroad iron were ordered
before the passage of the act of 1842, but they did
not arrive until after that act went into operation,
and duties were paid. From time to time the
railroad companies in Georgia, and throughout
the South generally, have applied for a remission
of the duties, and they have been remitted. The
Feliciana Railroad Company applied ten years ago
for a remission of duties on this iron. The money
which was paid by the company went into the
Treasury, and bills for the relief of the company
have passed one body or the other heretofore, but
have failed to pass 'through both. All we ask
now is, to be placed on precisely the same footing
as other companies, and that we may havt simple
justice done, Asking no donations, expecting no
liberality, that has not been extended to others.
To.think of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Bbodhead,] who expects me to aid his iron-
mongers, rising up and opposing such a measure
as this—it is shocking! Why, the money haa
