$10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
tn$ia squadron is about to sail, and it is urged by
the.Navy- Department, as well as by the com-
" ihanding officer of that squadron, that the mil
should be passed before the sailing of that squad-
' ron, in order that some substitute may be fur-
bished for the lash, which has been abolished in
- the Navy.' The object of the bill is to enable the
- officers to continue discipline. It is not to restore
" the lash, but to. furnish a substitute which will
enable them to dispense with it, and at the same
time to enable them to continue discipline in the
Navy. I hope I shall be allowed to bring up this
bill. I do not think it will give rise to much de-
bate.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. It will give rise
to a long-debate.
Mr. STANTON. I do not think it will give
rise to much debate, if any at all.
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark? I desire to suggest
the importance of acting upon this subject at once.
We have a fleet about to start for the Mediterra-
nean, and another about to start for Japan. We
have repealed the law providing for corporal pun-
ishment in the Navy. The Senate, after great
care, have taken up the recommendation of a board
,of officers, and ha\e passed a law providing a sub-
stitute, consisting of rewards and punishments,
for that we have abolished.
A Member. -What are they ?
Mr; VENABLE. Why, stopping their pay,
confinement, and others. In a consultation the
other day with the gentleman who commands the
Japan fleet, and also the gentleman who commands
the Mediterranean squadron, I was told by both
that unless this bill was passed, they would be
obliged to go to sea, without any means of enfor-
cing discipline. You have taken awuy from them
the right of punishment, and have l< ft them noth-
ing in its place. You have the control of the Navy,
and I think it is due to that Navy, and due to the
country, that we should provide some means for
enforcing discipline.
Mr. BROWN. I must insist upon my motion.
Mr. WOODWARD. I desire to make one in-
quiry. I do not understand what law the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Venable] alludes
to.
Mr. BROWN. All that mattej-is out of order.
I insist upon my motion.
Mr. VENABLE. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to make a simple statement of facts.
Mr. BROWN. I object.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire to propound this
question to the Chair. What will be the regular
.order of business if the rules are not suspended ?
The SPEAKER. It will be to call the States
for petitions.
Mr. FOWLER,. Now, I desire that the gen-
tleman from Mississippi shall give way for one
moment in order to enable me to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Air. Stan-
ton] a single question.
Mr. BROWN. That can have nothing to do
with the suspension of the rules for my resolu-
tion.
Mr. STA NTON. It will have something to d o
with those who wish to get at other business. If
the gentleman will so modify his resolution as to
provide that no bill shall be taken up except those
which shall give rise to no debate, I will not ob-
ject to it
Mr. BROWN. I will, then, so modify it as j
only to embrace such Senate bills upon the Speak- |
er's table as shall give rise to no debate. I
The resolution, as modified, was then read, as !
follows: i
Resolved, That the House proofed to dispose of such bills .
from the Senate upon the Speaker's table as shall not give j
rise to debate. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to ask j
a question of the Chair. I desire to be informed,
if the resolution passes, when a bill is taken up
for the purpose of reference, and a motion made
to reler is objected to, whether the member who
made the motion can then move the previous ques-
tion, and have it referred ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question, if;
seconded, would have the effect to cut off all de-
bate. Under this resolution,however,no bill can
be taken up which gives rise to debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. What I desired to know
is, whether, when a bill is taken up, and objec-
tion is made to it, under this resolution a demand
for the previous question, or any motion, can be
made in reference to it?
The SPEAKER. Not after objection is made,
in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL." Then I shall vote against
the suspension.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to propound another
question to the Chair. The Chair decides that
the previous question cannot be moved after a bill
has been objected to. Now, I desire to ask if it
may not be moved before a member can get an op-
portunity to make an objection?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide these
particular questions as they come up.
Mr. BROWN. In reply to these inquiries, I
will say that I have no such purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform the
gentleman from Mississippi, and others, thai this
discussion is entirely out of order.
Mr. BROWN then demanded tellers on his mo-
tion to suspend the rules, which were ordered;
and Messrs. Chandler and Brown-, of Missis-
sippi, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I now ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
the bill to which I have already alluded.
Objection was made.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose, and hope I shall be permitted to
make a brief statement m relation to it.
This is a matter which is regarded as one of a
good deal of importance by the Navy Department,
as has been stated by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venable.]
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to ask one question?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. FOWLER. It has been stated in the pa-
pers that this expedition to China is to enter upon
a negotiation with Japan, at all hazards. I want
to know whether such is the fact?
Mr. STANTON. I am not able to inform the
gentleman.
Mr. STANLY. I call the gentleman to order.
This has nothing to do with the question before
the House.
Mr. FOWLER. Weil, I want to ask another
question.
Mr. STANLY. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. FOWLER. Very well; I will sit down.
Mr. STANTON. Before the question upon
the suspension of the rules is put, with the per-
mission of the House, I would like to say a few
words further upon the merits of this bill.
It is a Senate bill which is designed to substi-
tute punishments to take the place of those by the
lash, which, as the House knows, has been abol-
ished. There is now no means by which disci-
pline can be enfoiced in the navy, upon single
ships, except by means of a court-martial, which,
in cases of small offences, is entirely too cum-
brous, too slow, and too difficult, to enable the
officers of the navy to enforce that discipline ne-
cessary to the public service. This bill has been
carefully examined in the Senate, and has passed
that body aimost unanimously. It came to this
House, was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. That committee have
examined it. and instructed me to report it with
one amendment. The East India squadron is
about to sail, under the command of Commodore
Perry, and unless this bill passes before the sail-
ing of that squadron, it is not likely that the in-
formation of its passage can reach the squadron
in less than twelve months: and juring that time
they will be in a condition wh n will be very del- j
eterious to the discipline of the service. j
After the rules shall have been suspended, I ex-
pect to say a few words in relation to the nature
of the bill, and in explanation of its provisions.
I shall detain the House but a very short time,
and I think the bill will pass without further dis-
cussion.
The question was then taken, and the rules were j
suspended. J
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on Naval !
Affairs have instructed me to report this bill of the I
Senate back to the House with a single amend-
ment. 1 do not think it will be necessary to read
it through, but I will state its nature very briefly.
Mr. VENABLE. Move to put it on its passage.
[Cries of "Read the bill!"]
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. STA NTON, of Tennessee. I desire to say
a few words in reference to the provisions of this
bill. I think it is pretty generally understood that
the lash cannot be again restored to the Navy. £
am myself satisfied that it ought not to be; and
whether it ought or not, i think it is clear to the
House and to the country that it cannot be. But
the abolition of this punishment has left the Navy
without any sort of means of producing discipline.
This bill is designed to supply that defect. I ac-
knowledge that some of the punishments provided
for in this bill, are tolerably severe, but it is im-
possible to maintain a system of military discipline
at any time, without summary and severe punish-
ments.
Mr. WOODWARD, (interrupting.) With the
permission of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] I will say that I cannot in
my seat hear anything he says. I simply wish to
inquire of the gentleman whether the bill does any-
thing more than provide for punishment of insub-
ordination in the Navy? Has it any other object?
Mr. STANTON. That is all. It, however,
provides, in addition to punishments, a system of
rewards to some extent, and about that I wish to
say a single word. I will detain the House but a
few moments. I will say that some of these pun-
ishments, on the face of them, seem to be severe;
for instance, the power in the commandpr of a
vessel of war to punish a sailor by confining him
in double-irons for thirty days. This may seem to
be extremely harsh and severe; but it must be
recollected that this punishment cannot be inflicted
when the surgeon on board the vessel declares
that it will be injurious to the health of the sailor.
Then again, there is this difference: when an offi-
cer directs a sailor to receive twelve lashes, and
the punishment is inflicted, perhaps in the heat of
passion, the injury cannot be repaired; but if an
officer under the influence of passion directs a sailor
to be confined in double-irons, or upon bread and
water for any length of time, after his passion is
over, and time has been had for reflection, he can
repair any injury that may have resulted from his
order. It may be necessary, under some condition
of things, to carry out such a punishment as this
for thirty days; it may be necessary on account of
the magnitude of the offense; but it seems to me
that no officer hi the American Navy could inflict
this heavy punishment unjustly, and alk>w it to
continue the whole time. Therefore I think that,
however severe these provisions may appear to
to be, they are necessary; and I think they will
not prove injurious or oppressive in practice. The
committee have not thought that in addition to the
other severe punishments provided for in this bill,
that it was necessary or proper that the provision
obliging the offender to wear a badge upon his
back, with the word "thief" written upon it,
should be retained in the bill; and they have
accordingly diiected me to report an amendment
striking out that clause.
Mr. SAVAGE, (interrupting.) I would ask
my colleague [Mr. Stanton] if there is any pro-
vision in the bill for branding? I have understood
that there was.
_ Mr. STANTON. Thereisnot. Theprovision
! is simply to wear a badge, with the word "thief"
' written upon it, and the committee have instructed
me to report an amendment to strike that provision
from the bill.
I now turn to another part of the bill, which I
consider as containing the most important features
in it, and one which will have a better influence,
and a greater tendency to elevate the character of
the sailor, and hold out greater inducement; to good
conduct, than anything which ever has been adopt-
i ed in this or any other branch of the public ser-
j vice—I mean the military or naval service. It is
! the system of rewards—a system by which a
t register shall be kept of the conduct of every sailor,
| and providing for granting to him at the expira-
j tion of the term of his enlistment, good conduct dis-
charges, and which, upon his again entering into
| the service, shall entitle him to a gratuity of three
| months'pay, in addition to his regular compen-
j sation.
Now it has been with me a matter of great
doubt whether the pay of the sailor ought not to
be raised. Those gentlemen familiar with the
subject know that the sailor in the American Navy
