THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
For the construction of two iee-breaker?, for the
protection of the light house on the Brandy-
wme shoal, in the Delaware bay,   3,600 00
For marking Joe Flogger shoal, iu the Delaware
bay, with first cJas-s nun buoys and can-boy^
to be constructed and placed in their position
under the direction of the Superintendent of
ttie Coast Survey   ....... 3,000 00
Virginia.
For two spar-buoys at Chincoteague Inlet  160 00
For two spar-buoys to be placed at Metompkin
inlet  160 00
For a light boat at Poncoteague creek, or a light-
house to be built on a point of land adjoining
said creek, as shall be found most expedient
on examination  10,000 00
For the puichase ot a site and the erection of a
light-house on Jones's Point, in the Potomac
river, near Alexandria  5,000 00
For Joi>es's fog-behs, to be placed at As=>ateague,
Smith's Island, and Cape Heury light houses 7,500 00
For a beacon on White Shoal, James river..... 1,000 00
For beacon lights on Day's Point, on the Point
of Shoals, and onJourdan's Point, James river 15,000 00
For a beacon-light on the shore opposite Lyon's
Creek shoals  5,000 00
For a large buoy on the tail of the Horse-shoe
Shoal, in Chesapeake bay  500 00
For two «par-lmoyo to bo placed at White Point
* and Elbow Point, in Mushapsngo bay  160 00
For two spar buoys to be placed to buoy out
OccauoHiioek creek    160 00
North Carolina,
Por Jones's fog bell to be placed near Bald Ilead
light house, at the entrance of Cape Fear river 52,600 00
For a harboj light-house on the eastern point of
_ Houge Banks, at the entrance of Beautort har-
bor  5,000 00
For two buoys to be placed in the mouth of Alli-
gator river, in Albemarle sound  200 00
For a buoy to be placed on the northeast end of
Falker^shoal,in Croatan sound  80 00
For buoys to be placed in North liver, in the
county of Currituck  100 00
For a first clas^ hte-boat,to be moored on Flying-
pan shoals, to be built on the most approved
plan and uiodel, under the direction of a com-
petent naval architect, and fitted with a life-
boat, duplicate moorings, and fog-bell, the
illuminating apparatus to be composed of large
sized parabolic reflectors and Argand lamps,
to produee a light properly distinguished   30,000 00
For four buoy* to mark the two channels over the
Frying-pan shoals  1.600 00
For the second class buoys to mark the Main and
Oak Island channels leading into the Cape
Fear Hver, in addition to the buoys now au-
thorized to he constructed and located under
the direction of the Supeiintendent of the
Coatl Survey    1,000 00
For six hollow iron buoys lor the waters of Cape
Fear  1,320 00
South Carolina.
For a bell-boat to be moored at Cape Roman
shoal    3,c00 00
For a haibor light to he placed on the battery m
thehaiborof Charleston  500 00
Foi three iron buoys to be moored at the entrance
ol the harbor ot Georgetown  630 00
For two beacon or range lights on South Island
Point, and one beacon or range light on North
Islnr.d, to range with the main light at the en-
trance of Georgetown haibor  5,000 00
Alabama.
For an non floating bell-buoy, \\ ith heavy moor-
ings. and in every respect complete, for the
entrance ofJYIobile bay  4.000 00
For six large non can and nun-buoj s, to be prop-
erly distinguished, and to be inoorud at points
•ff the west bank, the middle ground, and the
southwest point of the Spit  2,100 00
For a buov on the northwest end of Northwest
Pelican* Shoal    200 00
For fout wooden beacons, fitted with sixth order
Frc*nel lenses, or with a single iwenty-one-
mch parabolic reflector each, to be erected on
Sand Island and Mobile Point   4,000 00
For a sciew-pile beacon on Revenue Point  3,000 00
Mississippi.
For the erection of a light-house at or neai the
cntiauee of Eas>t Paseugoula river, instead of a
former appropriation  5,000 CO
For a light house on the west end of Ship Island,
beiii" a lenewul ot a former appropriation for
this °put pose     12,hOfl 00
Foi nine bu  ys in Cat and Ship Island harbors.. 1,^00 00
Louisiana.
For the examination and survey of Ship Shoal
and Racoon Point, on the coast of Lniu<ian.t,
with reference to the location and erection of a
Ijflu-hou^eanJihepiociningaphm lor the same 3,000 00
ForUiree spar buoys to mark the channel of a har-
bor ofiefuge at Hum Wand Pas?. Mississippi.. 2-10 00
Florida.
Forfoin iron can and nun buoys, one to be placed
on the end of Sandbore, oil' Soldier Key, and
three to mark the channel tin ough Boca Grande
Passage  ^00 00
For a first-class light Iioum; near Collin-.' Patches,
oQ Div Bank, iialfwav between Oarysfort Keef
and Sand Ke\ Light, lo be constructed under
the direction ot the Topographical Bureau, and
tfttul with the most approved iPmmriatmg ap-
   w
320 Congress—1st Session.
oo
For a large boat on Sea-horse Reef. 
For three hollow iron buoys to be moored in the
channel leading into a harbor recently discov-
ered on Florida Reef, about ten miles south Of
Cape Florida     700 00
For a beacon on Rebecca Shoal, between Mar-
quesas and Dry Tortogas Keys.      10,000 00
For securing the light-house at the mouth of Sf.
John river. Florida   10,000'00
Texas.
For a light-boat to be moored at Aransas Pass,
or a light house, as may be deemed most ex-
pedient upon further examination, and for
channel buoys in said channel, and a buoy at
Dollar Point, in addition to the sum appropri-
ated for a light-house at said Point  2,500 00
For constructing three small or harbor light-
houses in Galveston bay, Jiamely: one at Red
Fish Bar, one at Clopper's Bar, and one at
Half Moon Shoal, in addition to the amount
.(twenty thousand dollars) already appropriated
for a light-house on Red Fish Bar  5,000 00
California.
For large buoys to be placed on sunken rocks, in
the bay ofSan Francisco  1,000 00
For a beacon at Humboldt's harbor^ near North
Spit    5,000 00
For a light-house at the harbor at La Pointe, on
Lake Superior  5,000 00
For the erection o,f a light house at Sant$i Cruz,
California    30,000 00
For the completion of light houses in California
and Oregon    120,000 00
For light-boats and other means for rendering as-
sistance to wrecked mariners $ind others on the
coast of the United States  10,000 00
For testing the apparalusof Wilson and Meach-
ain, fur illuminating light houses  1,000 00
$709,145 00
By the resolution to authorize the continuance of the
work upon the two wings of the Capitol.
For the continuance of the work on the two
wings of the Capitol 500,000 00
By the act for the relief of Edward Everett.
For services rendeied by him to the Quartermas-
ter's Departmental San Antonio, from October
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six, to
June seventeenth, eighteen hundred and Lrty-
seyen  607 50
By the act for the relief of the Virginia
Woolen Company.
The amount returned by the United States from
the said company for an alleged non-compli-
ance with a contract entered into between the
United States and said company, on or about
the tenth day of January, one thousand eight
hundied and" fortv-eight,*for the delivery of one
hundred thousand yards of cloth  §6,085 00
By the act for the relief of Ruf its Dicinel.
To be paid to Itufus Dwinel  13,037 72
By the act for the relief of Lieutenant Colonel
Mitchell, of the State of Missouri.
The payment of said judgment in favor of said
Harmony, rendered in the State of Missouri,
then it shall ba the duty of the Secretary ol the
Treasury, and he is hereby authoiized, to
liquidate and satisfy said judgment, damages,
and costs     [Indefinite. [
By the act for the relief of James Ferguson,
surviving partner of the Jinn of Ferguson
Milharda.
For the amount alleged to have been paid by
them in discharee of their bond given the Uni-
ted States, dated .May twenty-second, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-eight, for duties* on one
hundred and forty-two hogsheads of mnla*«es,
which were destroyed by fire, while m public
store, on the fourteenth day of June, eighteen
hundred and foity eight     735 60
By the act for the relief of Williams, Staphs,
and Williams.
Foi the duty paid by them on one hundred and
twenty-one hogsheads of sugar, which were
destroyed by fire, while in the public store, in
the city of Norfolk afoiesaid.on the fourteenth
day of June, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
which sugars wore imported by them into the
port of Norfolk on or about the sixth day of
June, eighteen hundred and forty eight  1,156 50
By the act for the relief of Theodore OJfui.
For the value of a bay mare, the pioperty of said
Offut, which was turned over for the use of the
Government by his commanding officer, Cap-
tain W. C. Pollard, without authority 
By the act for the relief of James Lewis.
For the amount recommended to be paid to him
as witness fees and mileage, bv the Lmted
States district oourt for the eastern district of
Virginia 
By the act for the relief of Jane Iricin.
To be paid Jane Irwin, the only child of Colonel
Jared Irwin, who seived in the Georyia State
troops, from the beginning to the elose of the
revolutionary war, a  an equivalent for ser-
vices rendered and losses sustained by bun,
SO 00
316 00
'1XXXI
the tialtpay of a captain, for the period oft • ,/V
thirty-five yeare, without interest.   . ..[Indefinite;]
By the act for the relief of William Greer.
To pay }o William Greer, with legal interest' . ,
thereon, from July, righteenhuiidred andforty- . 'f
three, it being in fall payment of moneys by
iiim at that tiims ailvaiieed to the United States . (0 £
% the ael for the reKtf'ofi. ffiUiam S.- ; s . ■
Payne. < .
For the amount of fine imposed on Mm, ami by . vi
him paid to the collector at Tapftabaonock, for /
neglecting to renew the license oa the vessel.'
William Page,iri the year eighteen hundred- ' '
and forty-wne.        W'8||
By the act for the relief of Gustavus J3. De •-!
Russy, late feting Pwser itU/ie Navy.
For the balance of compensation to which he is C
entitled for llis services in the capacity afore-
said    &g;00
By the act for the relief of the legal represtnta- '* ^
tives of James C. Watson, of Georgia.
For the amount paid by him, under the sanction
of the Indian agent, to certain Creek wa*rw)rs
for slaves captured by said warriors, wtiile
they were in the service of the United States,
against the Seminole Indians iu Florida.... .(tadefu^e,
By the act granting relief to John
McGaw, o/JVcw York.
For demurrage of the ship Charlotte, at Vera
Cruz, Mexico, while in the service of the Uni-
ted States  I^QOjQB
By the act for the relief of John Moore WhiU.
For the seven years' half pay to which Major
While would have been entitled, had he not-
died before a resolve of Congress passed the
twenty-fourth of August^ one thousand seven
hundred and eighty   {Indefinite.-]
By the act for the relief ofMrs. Margaret Het-
zel, widow and administratrix of A. R.
Hetzeli late Assistant Quartermaster m the
Army of the UnUed States.
For the amount claimed by bim in the account
rendered by him for a part of the third quarter
of the year eighteen hundred and thirty eight,
and which was disallowed at the Treasury.... 1^988? 74
By the act for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Da-
vis, xoidmof Daniel W. Davis.
For the amount paid by her to employ substi-
tute for her late husband during his illness, and
while he was a clerk ia the paymaster's de-
partment    260 69
By the act for the relief of Z. F. Johnson.
For the necessary and proper personal expenses
i incuried by him at San Francisco, California,
I while awaiting duty, under orders, and com-
I pelled to live on shore, between the twentieth
i day of November, eighteen hundred and forty-
i eight, and the twenty first day of April, eigh-
j teen hundred and forty nine    [Indefinite.]
, II.—OFFICES CREATED, AND THE SALARIES THERE-
j OF.
[ By Ihe act to provide for the appointment of a Superin-
| tendent of Indian Affairs in California. (Ch. 11.)
j A Superintendent of Indian Affairs authorized to be ap-
i pointed for the State of California, at an annual salary of
! #4,000.
! A clerk authorized for the same, at an annual salary of
' $2,500.
By the act to establish a branch of the Mint of the Uni-
ted Stales in California. (C/i.54.)
One superintendent, at an annual salary of $-4,500.
One treasurer, at an annual salary of .$4,500.
One assayer, at an annual salary of$3,000.
One melter, at an annual salary of $3,000.
One refiner, at annual salary of $3,000.
One coiner, at an annual salary of $-3,000.
Clerks and workmen t© be appointed, whose compensa-
tion shall be such as are ft customary and reasonable."
By the act to establish additional land districts in the
Stale of Wisconsin. (Ch. 75.)
Two registers and two receivers to be appointed, whose
compensation shall be the same as in other cases.
By the act to provide for executing the public printing,
and establishing the pices thereof, and for other
purposes. (Ch. 91.)
A Superintendent of the Public Printing, at an anuual
salaiy of .*$2,500.
A public printer to be elected by each House of Congress,
whose compensation for work executed shall be in conform-
it> to the rates specified in the act.
By the act to create an additional land qflice in the-
Territory of Minnesota. (Ch. 102.)
A register and receiver authorized, who shall be entiiled
to the compensation authorized in other eases.
By the act authorizing imported goods, wares? end
merchandise, entered and bonded for warehousing^
fn pursuance of law, to be exported by certain r&utes
to ports or places in Mexico.
Four inspectors of the customs, authorized to receive
each an annual salary of two hundred and fifty doll&is,
