1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1775
the country within the three years prescribed in
the act.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir.
Mr. MILLER. In the case of the Feliciana
railroad the iron was imported within the three
years; but in the case of the Georgia railroad it
was not.. But the Feliciana company did not lay
down the iron within three years, owing to pecu-
liar embarrassments. A bill for their relief has
"once passed the Senate. My friend from Penn-
sylvania need not be at all alarmed about the pas-
sage of this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I should be glad to see some-
thing on the face of the amendment by which a
proper case can be shown. 1 quit'e agree that this
case falls within the spirit and meaning and princi-
ple of the act permitting the iron to be imported free,
and the act of 1842. At the same time I should,
be very much disappointed if we were toopen, by
any process of legislation, a new class of cases.
If there were anything in the amendment which
would show that this case belonged to that
alone. I put her in company with Mississippi,
not with the view of weakening her claim, but
rather on the supposition that being in such good
company it might be strengthened. But if it is
thought desirable to recommit the bill, I will with-
draw my amendment rather than his bill should
be jeoparded. I will say, however, to my friend
from Michigan, that I do not think he need be
alarmed. He might permit the bill to pass to a
third reading, and if by to-morrow he should see
any reason to reconsider the matter he could make
the motion to reconsider, and the bill could be re-
considered accordingly.
Mr. MILLER. I hope that motion will not be
1 concurred in. I will suggest that the further con-
j sideration of the bill had better be postponed until
| to-morrow, and, in the mean time, the Senator
| from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] can so amend the
! section as to render it unobjectionable to the Sen-
1 ate. I will state, that I am not entirely satisfied
I myself with the phraseology of the amendment.
I will again suggest to the Senator from Michigan
"class of cases, so that we are all satisfied that we ij [Mr. Felch] that he should withdraw his motion
are not opening new ground for further applica- !' and allow the bill to pass over until to-morrow,
tions from other persons not in thesamecondition, 11 "* t , -i .. .i
I should be better satisfied, likewise. I am satis-
fied, from the explanation of the Senator from
New Jersey, that it is within that class of cases.
Mr. DAWSON. I think the whole thing is
sufficiently evident on the face of it. I will read
the amendment again, for the information of the
Senator. It is as follows:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized to refund to the
Gemgia Railroad and Banking Company tlie duties col-
lected on certain railroad iron imported by said company :
Provided, That the said company shall pi ore to the satis-
faction of the Secretary of the Treasury that the rails so
imported were actually laid down at or about the time
when the rails of the tied River Company, the Oential
Georgia Railroad and Ranking Company, and the Munroe
Railroad Company, were laid down, on the rails of winch
companies Congress has already remitted the dunes.
The object was to place the case within the
laws at present existing.
Mr. FELCH. It seems to me that we ought
to subject this amendment to the examination of
a committee. The facts in the case are scarcely
known to the Senate at all. On two former oc-
casions a petition was presented to Congress, and
in both instances, I believe, was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and no. report was ever
made, I believe, from any committee; so that we
have here, as an amendment to a bill, a claim which
has never received the sanction or examination of
any committee at all.
Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator will pardon
me, I will state that this subject was acted upon
before I was in the Senate, and that, as I under-
stand it, the several railroad companies were
sought to be relieved by a general bill; but that,
afterwards they were taken up separately. 1
know that at that time the honorable Mr. King,
who, by the by, is now president of this railroad
company, had charge of it, and he turned it ovei
to the care of Mr. Berrien.
Mr. FELCH. It has never before appeared
upon the records of the Senate. It seems to ha%e
been referred to a committee, but never reported
upon. The other companies referred to in this
amendment presented their claims, and they were
referred to committees, and reported favorably
upon. Now I am perfectly willing to apply to
this case the same rules which have been applied
to other cases; and in order that it may be done,
I move to recommit the bill to the committee.
Mr. DAWSON. I am informed that a bill has
once passed the other House relating to this very
case, before.
Mr. FELCH. I hope the bill may be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BROOKE. I hope the Senator from Michi-
gan will not persist in his motion to recommit the
bill. I think it would be unfair that my bill, to
which there is no objection, should be impeded
by the amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
I trust, that rather than reconnmittliebi!l,theberiate
will vote down the amendment and let my bill go
on its wav rejoicing.
Mr. FELCH. My object is not to embarrass
the bill of the Senator from Mississippi; but I am
not wiUin" to vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator froiu°Georgia until it has been referred.
Mr DAWSON. I dislike to embarrass the
bill of the Senator from Mississippi; but I also
dislike to see opposition to the claim of Georgia
Mr. DAWSON. "I have no objection to the
1 course suggested by the Senator from New Jersey,
; [Mr. Miller,] provided that the Senator from
' Mississippi [Mr. Brooke] has no objection to it.
If the bill should be postponed until to-morrow, I
will ask the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Felch]
to look over it in the mean time, and change the
language for the purpose of improving it.
i Mr. MILLER. I now move to postpone the
; further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
; The motion was agreed to.
| THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
I A message was received from the House of Rep-
' resentatives, by the hands of Mr. P. B. Hayes,
1 Chief Clerk, announcing that the House had con-
| sidered the amendments of the Senate to the bill
' to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
I service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
i 1852, and that the House had rejected several
of the Senate amendments, had concurred in some
with amendments, and had concurred in others.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to be allowed to make a motion. I
move to refer the bill which has just come from
the House of Representatives to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some tinte spent therein, the doors were
reopened-, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 14, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler. *
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business in
order the consideration of House bill No. 289,
" granting the right of way and a portion of the
' public lands to the States of Indiana and Illinois,
' to aid "in the construction of a railroad from
* Springfield, llUnois, toTerre Haute, in Indiana.
Mr. OLDS. At the request of the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
the Senate, I ask leave to withdraw from the files
i of the House certain papers, for the purpose of
\ sending them to the Senate.
j There being no objection, it was so ordered,
i LOCKPORT AND BUFFALO RAILROAD.
: Mr. HAVEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the joint resolution
i which I send to the Chair.
I The resolution was read for information, as fol-
! lows:
I Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Ui litcd States of America m Congress-assembled, that
the rnrht of way throush the public lands of the Lmted
i States lvm  in Black Rock, m the county of trie, and State
i of NewYo.i.bc, and the'same ,s hereby.granted to the
i Tockoort and Buffalo Railroad Company: Provided, lh.it
I m tlfe opinion of ihe P. evident of the United States, such
i mint be not iniuiiousto the public interest, and that the
! focation shall be approved by the President, as to the po i-
non and width of the said railroad: Jlnd provided farther.
That if the said raihoad shall not be completed within two
years, or if at any urn. alto"* eompl.tion, tho .aid rail-
road be discontinued or abandoned, the grant shall cea«e
and determine.
Mr. SK ELTON objected to its introduction-
Mr. HAVEN. I hope no objection, will be
made to this resolution, as it concerns mainly ray
own district, and as it is of consequence to the
applicants that the grant shall be made at once,, if
at all. It is usual to pass resolutions of this kind.
This House has done it in one or two instances
this session. I remember one instance—the case
of the pjar.k road in North Carolina, the Fayette-
ville road, and I think there have been others.. In
this case there is only eighteen acres of,land, on
which a defensive work called Fort Porter is sit-
uated . The fort is some thirty feet or more abo ve
the level of the Erie Canal. Thisfland drops down
a steep bank, and there is a small plat running
along by the canal, on which the company pro-
pose to run the railroad track. It cannot go over
the hills, or get into the city in any other way. I
hope the objection will be withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. SKELTON. No, sir. I object to it.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to offer the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. MACE. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I hope the gentleman will let it
be read for information. I am sure there can be,
no objection to it.
Mr. MACE. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
SPRINGFI^DAKD TERRE liAUTE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of business
is the consideration of the Springfield and Terre
Haute railroad bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, when
this bill was reported back from the Committee
on Public Lands a few days since, with a recom-
mendation that it be passed, the House extended
to me its courtesy by postponing the further con-
sideration of it until to-day. I stated on that oc-
casion that 1 had confidence in my ability to adducs
such facts, and to impart such information as
would satisfy the House that if there be merit in
a single bill among the series introduced during
thepresent session, embracing the alternate-section
principle, there is merit in the one now under con-
sideration. It is for this purpose, sir, that I ask
the indulgence of the House for a few moments.
I trust that I may ask this favor without being
considered obtrusive, for I am confident that no
one has occupied less of its time than myself. I
intend to be brief, for I am well aware of the fact
that much time has been consumed in the discus-
sion of the principles involved in this bill. I am
aware that not only the subject, but the patience
of the House is well-nigh exhausted, and I ana
also aware that other great measures of public pol-
icy are pressing themselves upon the attention of
gentlemen; nevertheless these are important meas-
ures—important to the Government, important to
the country, and consequently entitled to a fair,
deliberate, and candid hearing.
This is a bill granting the right of way, and a
small portion of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Terre Haute, in the
State of Indiana, to Springfield, in the State of Il-
linois, and similar, in all its provisions, to the bill
passed during the present session, granting the
right of way and a portion of the public lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Hanni-
bal to St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri. It is
contended by honorable gentlemen on this floor,
that Congress has no constitutional power thus to
dispose of thepublic domain. The friends of this
, measure, however, contend that Congress has this
'< power; and, in support of their opinion, refer to
j the following clause in the Constitution:
i " Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rales and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
Sir, 1 am not a lawyer, and do not claim for
myself any peculiar qualification to decide upon
or to construe more correctly than another the
constitutional law; but, looking at this provision
of the Constitution as a plant, practical question,
I cannot resist the conviction that the power .in
Congress is full and ample to dispose of the pub-
lic lands in the manner and for the purposes
sought by this bill. If, however, I distrusted my
own judgment, I have the satisfaction to know
thatevery Administration of theGovernment, from
that of Washington down to the present time, have
