912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29.
tfiatiorm, the bill would be left under the control
of a thajwity of the House.
Mr.6-OR.KEE. If the gentleman from Michi-
gan is in favor of the passage of this bill, I think
it is wrong to postpone it. It is a bill which could
- not bear to come into the light. Its features were
such that if publisher), t'ney would never allow the
billto pass.- I-think it cannot pass-
'Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. [ beg to
say that this bid has been published long "ago.
Everyfeature of it has been discussed in the Sen-
ate, and published in the newspapers during the
debate upon it. It bore the light of day then, and
will bear it now.
■_ Mr. STUART. . I wish the unanimous consent
,of theHouse-to'make this motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I have in my hand a printed
copy, of the Senate bill as reported from the Com-
mittee On Naval Affairs to the Senate. I desire
to inquire of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
St>nton] whether the bill, as it passed the Sen-
ate, is different at all, or in any material degree,
from the bill as reported to the Senate?
_ Mr. STANTON. I cannot answer that ques-
' lion without examining into the matter, for that is
a point I have not turned my attention to.
• Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to make an
inquiry, • with the permission of the gentleman
from Michigan. I desire to know if it is not in
order to make a motion to postpone this bill to a
day certain?
The SPEAKER, It is.
Mr. KING. That motion may be submitted,
,Mr. Speaker, by the gentleman, and then a ma-
jority of the House can dispose of the matter as
they may chose.
Mr. STUART. Then I submit the motion,
that the consideration of this bill be postponed
until Thursday morning next, and I wish 
Mr. BOCOCK. With the permission of the
gentleman, I wish to ask the Chair whether, if
the motion is made to postpone the bill to Thurs-
day morning next, it can be done by the action of
a majority of the House? Does this bill take pre-
cedence upon Thursday morning, without being
made the special order in the House; or, rather,
does it not require, to do that, a vote of two
-thirds?' ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that there
is a difficulty, as suggested by the gentleman.
Mr, STUART, i can submit the motion to
make it the special order for Thursday next in the
House. It will require a two thirds vote, I know,
to do it.
The SPEAKER. It will require a two thirds
vote to make it a special order for a particular
day. .Then it will be for the House to decide
which of the two special orders shall hare the
-preference.
Mr. STUART. That will leave it in the con-
trol of a majority of the House on Thursday
next to say whether they will go into committee
upon the special order, or not.
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. That is what I desire. I
wish to state in a few words why I submit this
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Michigan whether he proposes to
make this bill the special order for the whole of
the day, or whether he confines it only to the !
morning hour.
Mr. STUART. I propose to make it the '
special order for that day, and the majority of the
House ran control it then.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a special order
now. ;
Mr. STUART. I have only had time to look i
over the enumeration of the mode of punishment!
pointed out by this bill. Here they are, sir:
"1st. By diminishing their rations, by rcstiicting their
dift to bread aad vvatf i, by i tnpoHjig extra policy and other
duties, and in ease of tiielt, m addition to any of the <bre
going punishments, hy making good from the wa«es of the
offender to the owner the tuil value of the article or articles
stolen, and obliging the offender to wear fbr any time not
exceeding ten days a badge with the word " thief" there-
on."
This last punishment of a badge with the word
" thief" thereon, the Committee on Naval Affairs
proposs to strike out
" By testrieting their diet to bnMd and wafer, by mmo-
sing estra police and other duties."
Now, sir, what are those " other duties ■" Who
is a judge of them ? Itis proposed by this biil to ;
;j clothe the'commander of a ship with arbitrary,
.! and unlimited power to determine what are other j
!| duties, no matter how degrading or disgraceful !
:! that he may impose upon the offender. That
:! was the principal reason I had, when the question
was up for abolishing flogging in the Navy, for
voting for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will thegen-
tleman inform mewhetherhecan state what duties
there are upon board a ship degrading to perform ?
I do not know of any myself.
, Mr. STUART. The gentleman will see by
looking at this bill that these duties are not con-
fined to duties on board ship.
by jury, with witnesses to confront him, to show
that before the power of the community interposes,
and takes from an American citizen his liberty,
that he is to be pronounced by his peers unworthy
of the enjoyment of it.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Michigan, that I
am not myself convinced of the necessity of giving
the power of summary punishment to officers upon
shore stations. That clause of the bill escaped my
attention, and if the gentleman will move to strike
it out I shall certainly vote for his motion; for I
think the exercise of the power of summary pun-
ishment ought to be confined to commanders of
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. They are till jj vessels in the naval service of the country, which
duties on ship-board. They cannot be anywhere i renders these summary punishments necessary
else. ij when a jury could not be obtained.
Mr. STUART. I do not admire a ilnt contra- | Mr. ORR. I should like to inquire of the chair-
diction. Either the gentleman or myself is mis- man of the committee if he, originating this bill,
taken; but let us look at this matter a little fur-ii has allowed an important feature to escape his
j ther.
'j Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I wish to :
■j give the gentleman information upon that point. I
I I know he would not state.anything that he sup- :
,| posed to be incorrect intentionally. I do not wish
;] to test the gentleman's veracity, or to' make any ;
' point of that kind between me and himself, but,
' simply to correct him in his statement. 1
Mr. STUART. Now, sir, for the purpose of:
I showing the correctness of my construction, I
| will read all of these provisions: '
; "2d. By discharge from the service with bad conduct
I discharge.
"3d. By solitary confinement in iions, single or double,
attention in the bill, how it is expected that the
House shall, at once, vote upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman that I did not originate this bill. It is
a Senate hill.
Mr. ORR. I understand the gentleman reported
the bill, and itis presumed that he has examined it
Mr. STANTON. So I did.
Mr. ORR. But I merely allude to it for the
purpose of illustrating the impossibility of the
House voling understandingly upon the bill until
it has been printed.
Mr. KING, of New York. It ought to be
"ou. dj- &omary connnemeni in lions, single or uoueie, i -„,„ i , , ■ , _ . , ,
on bread and water, piovided no such confinement shall ij I. I,,!1! , our tables.
t exceed thii ty days.
'] "4th. By solitary confinement, m irons, single or double,
i! not exceeding thirty days.
'j "5th. By solitary confinement, not. exceeding thirty days.
;; "6th. By confinement, not exceeding two months.
" 7ih. B\ reduction to next inferior rating.
; " 8th. By bali and chain, but not to be worn at sea.
(! "9th. By deprivation of liberty on shore."
■; Now, sir, take these last clauses, " By ball and
;i chain, not to be worn at sea," and " by depriva-
Mr. STUART. I am not disposed to consume
] the time of the House in this discussion. I only
| wish to present, in the briefest possible time, a
; few of the reasons which seem to me imperatively
i to demand that this bill should be considered at
; a future time—that it should be printed, so that
| every gentleman in the House would vote upon
; each one of its provisions understandingly. Now
.. , . i ,, i j , Dy uepriva- ■ jn regard to this pension business, I shall proceed
l0" h}etty 0,1 shore, and do they not, when i very cautiously in voting to establish a pension
, put together,go to show that ollences may be pini- ,i.n\ .. r  .i__.  ' .i
: ished on shore as well as upon ship-board?' Do
i] not they apply to the naval service, and does not
system different from any that exists now in the
| Navy or the Army. This bill does it, and, if I
; understand, it gives to able-bodied seamen who
c°mtmf?nde;-'uP?n^"e, of any Ij have a sufficient number of credit marks, if you
navy-yard or naval station, the right to punish in- - n -i  - . .  ■_ „ ' 3
;i dividuals who are connected with theNavy accord- !
;j ing to this code' I apprehend that there is no j
i | doubt about it. j
j; Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will allow I
|j me to answer his question, I think he will find ;
;l that the first clause in the bill confines this pun- !
jj ishment to the commanding officers of vessels.
:j Of course, it will not apply to the punishment of!
! sailors at navy-yards, or any naval stations upon I
shore. j
Mr. STUART. In order to settle this ques- ;
tion definitively, let me read the commencement !
of the bill. It is: 1
may so call them, a right to a pension for the re-
mainder of their lives.. Well, I do not know of
any good reason why the country at this time—
in a time of peace—should enter upon any such
system of pensions. Without further consuming
the time of the House, I wish to say I have given
but a few of the reasons which seem to me to re-
quire at the hands of the House the postpone-
ment of this bill. Let it be printed, that we may
examine it. and have an opportunity of voting
understandingly upon it.
Mr. STANLY. It is very obvious that the
gentleman from Michigan intends to oppose this
■iv, ■, . , , . , , |! hill m any form in which it may be presented.
: The gentleman is opposed to giving what he calls
in theNavy, or of any shore-station, shall have authority
to punish offenses committed by petty officers, and person's
of inferior ratings, by any one or moie of tin-, following '
punishments,to wit:" 1
Now, can the English language be made any ,
plainer than that? •
Mr. STANTON.
a " pension," even after the honest old sailor has-
served for twenty successsive years—to give him
any reward for his services. He has announced
that he will "never vote for it." Then, sir, I
. take it for granted that the gentleman intends to
I was mistaken. :j endeavor to defeat this bill. Now it is utterly
| lUr. fe I . It confers upon the commander impossible, though each of us had all the arms of
or the captain of any vessel m the navy, or of any Jj Driareus, and, all the eyes of Argus, that members
i naval station upon shore, the right to inflict this can examine every bill, and every measure pre-
, punishment at nis own discretion. As I said be- ]| sented here for consideration. That would dis-
fore, I voted against flogging in the navy, because | pense with the whole organization of the commit-
; it placed in the hands of one man , without any tees of the House altogether. We must take some
: responsibility, except to his conscience and his > matters upon faith. Here, when this bill has been
; trod, the power of degrading and disgracing his i-reported by a Senate committee, passed by the
fenow-mttn. 1 hat is a proposition i will never 'i Senate, and has gone through the examination of
\ote to sustain anywhere. I know it is the theory j the Committee on Naval Affairs of this House,
t.iat this arbitrary power is a good one, provided j and the public service imperiously demands that
you have always more than human wisdom to car- :j some action be taken to make a substitute for flog-
, ly it out. But to take humanity as it is; to take ;> gmg in the Navy, we see gentlemen—with all re-
' bl-eo nnTifPrt ° ls passions, his emotions, his , spect I say it-—whocomefrom theextreme frontier
, kes and dislikes, and confer upon him arbitrary j of the United States, and who know nothing in
I world of naval affairs, save what they learned
I from books, endeavoring to ride down all the in-
: formation of the Committee on Naval Affairs, of
j commodores of the Navy, and of men of high
I character and intelligence, whose life has been
spent upon the salt water, in the service of their
country. Is this to be so? Now, if gentlemen
are ready to vote for this bill, let them do so; if
not, let us, at all events, have a vote upon it, and
ers are under this bill, I rieverwill vote for it. Now,
[ the last clause contained in that enumeration is'
I not, in my judgment, by anv means the least of-
| fensive—the depriving a man of his liberty on
j shore. I know not how it may affect other  en-
; tlemen; but whenever yon talk of depriving a rnan
j of his liberty, my mind immediately reverts to
i toatha1n'dn?iriTfirtbAthf gives , ... „a¥e a VOie upon it, auu
r gh of a tualj a/id that trial ; proceed to other business, before we get a general,
