THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS §3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 16, 1852.
New Series....No. I1&.
Mann, Martin, Ma^on, McOorkle, McMuIUh, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Million, Morehead, Murray, Newton, An-
drew Parker, Peaslee, Perkins*, Powell, Reed, Robbms,
Robie, Ho <, Savage, Ongen S. Seymour, Smith, Stanly,
Thaddeus Strvons, Stone, Vcnable,-Wallace, Washburn,
Wildrick, ami Woodward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Bell, Bowne,
Brcnton, Buggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George fl.
Biown, Burrow*, Bucby, E. Oarrington Cabell, Joseph Ca-
ble, Caldwell, Lewi^ D.Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Chandler, Clingman, Cobb, Conger, John G. Davis, Dean,
Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Fitch,
Florence, Fieeman, Gentry, Gilmore,Goodenow,Gorman,
Green, Grey, Harper, Hart, Haws, Haven, Hendiicks,
Henn, Houston, Howard,Thoma^ iM. Howe, Jackson, An-
drew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, R. W. John-
son, Kuhm, Landrv, Lockhari, Mace. Edward C.Marshall,
Hnmphrcv Marshall. Mcuanahan, Miller, Miner, Molony,
Henry n/Mooie, John Moore, Nabers, Old*. Orr, Samuel
W. Parkor, Ppum, Plie'p^, Pouer, Price, Rantoul, Richard-
son. Riddle, Robinson, Russell, Saekett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft. Scudder, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Skelton,
Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Ficdenck P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stmton, Abraham P. Stephen--, St. Martin, Stiother,
Stuart, Tavlor, Thurston, Townshcnd, Walsh, Waid,
Watkms, Welch, Alexander White, Wilcox, and Yates—
101.
Previous to the announcement of the preceding
vote,
Mr. MURPHY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Hall, who is absent from the city.
Mr. DAVIS, of* Indiana. As the morning
hour has expired, if it he in order, I withdraw my
call for the previous question upon the passage of
the hill under consideiation, and to move to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands, and upon which motion I call for the pre-
vious question.
apportionment under the seventh
CENSUS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to submit a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with regard to fixing
the number of Representatives, and to provide for
their apportionment under the Seventh Census of
the United Sfates. It is a bill which ought to be
printed at once.
There was no objection, and permission to re-
port was accorded.
Mr. McLANAH AN. I am instructed by a ma-
jority of the Judiciary Committee to report back
Senatebill No. 281, entitled "An act supplementary
to ' An act providing for the taking of the seventh
and subsequent censuses of the United States,
and to fix the number of the members of the
House of Representatives, and providing for their
future apportionment among the several States,' ;
approved 23d May, 1850." _ j
Accompanying that bill, sir, as a minority of j
the Judiciary Committee,! submit a report, and I j
will here take occasion to state that, under the ,
circumstances, I have no great objection to the r
passage of the Senate bill, because already many j
of the States have districted for representation, j
The act of 1850 on this subject has been so far ex- ;
ecuted in most of the States of this Union, that it j
would be impolitic and unwise now to repeal it._ I j
desire, however, to enter my protest against it, j
ond in my report I take the ground that the act of |
1850 was m itself unconstitutional, and opposed j
to the uniform practice of this Government. A j
departure from the well-settled construction of the ;
Constitution on this subject has occasioned all the :
delav, all the difficulty and embarrassment in
which we are now involved. It  is only by re-
turning to the ways m which our fathers walked
that we can proceed with safety.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to
order. „ ,
Mr. McLANAHAN. I have but further to
state, that the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Marshall] also submits a minority report,
which will be printed, under the motion that I now
intend to make.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to consume
time which ought to be appropriated to other busi-
ness, and therefore call the gentleman to order. _
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that the bill, and reports accompanying
it, be printed.
112
Mr. MEADE. Will a motion to put the bill
upon its passage take precedence?
The SPEAKER, ft will not.
Mr. MEADE. I submit the motion that the
bill be put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
motion.
The question was then taken, and the feill and
accompanying reports.were referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL—COLLINS STEAMERS.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to lay upon the table the motion
made by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
White,] to reconsider the vote by which the
clause in the deficiency bill, for the increase of
appropriation to the Collins line of steamers, was
adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay upon the table, and it was agreed to—yeas 92,
nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H.Bayly, Bell, Bibig-
liaus, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bngg', Brooks, Geoige H.
Brown, Burrows, E. Carrmgton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Cartter, Chandlei, Chapman, Chngman, Con-
ger, Cullom, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dean, Doty, Duncan,
Evan*, Florence, Fowler, Thomas J. D- Fuller, Gamble,
Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Harper, Hart, Haws, Ha-
ven, Henn, Horsford, Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, Ingersoll, J. Glancy J ones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry,
Lockhart, Mann, Edward C. Marshall, Maitin, McCorkie,
Meade, Miller, Miner, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Morns, Murray, Penn, Perkins, Porter, Pnce, Ran-
toul, llced, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Russell, Saekett,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, St^lartm, Strother, Stuart,
Sutherland, Taylor, Thurston, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward,
Washburn, Welch, and Yates—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Allison,
Averett, Babcock, David J. Bailey, Bealc, Bocock, Bragg,
Brenton, Buell, Buit, Busby, Joseph Cable, Thompson
Campbell, Caskie, Chastam, Churchwell, Cobb, Daniel,
Dawson, Disney, Durkee, Edgertun, Edmundson, Faulk-
ner, Floyd, Freeman, Gentry, Gorman, Green, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hendncks,
Hibhard, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston, John W. Howe, Ives,
Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones. George W. Jones, Pres-
ton King, Letcher, Mason, McLanahan, McMullin,
McNair, McQueen, Millson, Molony, Murphy, Nabers,
Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penm-
man Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbms, Ross, Savage,
Scurry, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Benjamin
Stanton, Tliaddeus Stevens, Sweetser. Townshend, Vcn-
able, Wallace, Watkms, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wil-
drick, and Woodward—8C.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Previous to the announcement of the preceding
vote, the following proceedings occurred:
Mr. ORR. I will state to the House that I have
paired off with Mr. Polk on this question.
Mr. SMART. I have agreed to pair off with
my colleague [Mr. Appleton] upon this ques-
tion, provided my vote shall affect the result. I
have reason to believe that it will, and therefore
cannot vote. He is in favor of, and I am opposed
to the appropriation for the Collins line of steam-
1 Mr. DIMMICK. I have paired off with my
colleague [Mr. Fuller] upon this question. I
should have voted in the negative.
Mr. FAULKNER. When my name was called
I was on the sofa back of the railing. I supposed
that was within the bar of the House, and there-
fore when the-interrogatory was propounded to
me by the Chair, whether or no I was within the
bar, I responded that I was within (he bar, sup-
posing that was the construction and meaning of
the rule. The Chair can decide whether I am, or
am not, entitled to vote.
Mr. JOHN SON, of Tennessee. Iriseforthepur-
pose of making the inquiry whether there is not a
law adopted for the government of this House,
that requires members when present to record
their votes; and whether the mere statement that
gentlemen have paired off with others who have
gone on trips of pleasure, be sufficient to paralyze
a corresponding number, so that they may shrink
from their responsibility of a vote.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order1."]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to rise to a question of order. According to the
rules of the House it is made the duty of every
member present to vote; yet the Chair has no
power to compel members to vote; and it would
be for the House to adopt such action as it might
think proper upon the subject.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner]
calls the attention of the Chair and the House to
the fact that he was outside of the bar when his
name w«s called, and as the Chair understands,
did not come within the bar before the name suc-
ceeding that of his own was called. _
i ?vlr. AVERETT. I was standing near my col-
! league when his name was called, and his head
! went over the beer just after his name was called.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is called upon to
decide according to the statement of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] that he has
not the right to vote.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is very usual for
members to vote standing outside of the bar.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not vote
when his name was called, but came in afterwards,
and in reply to the interrogatory of the Criair,
stated he was within the bar and voted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have voted very often
myself outside, but leaning over the bar.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is misin-
formed with regard to the facts. The gentleman
did not vote outside of the bar, but as the Chair
understands, he voted after he came in, answering
the interrogatory of the Chair that he was within
the bar.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Supposing he had voted
when his name was called, under the construction
the Chair gives the rule, he would not have been
entitled to vote. It is an everyday practice for
members to vote standing on the outside of the
bar, and the votes thus given are recorded. If the
gentleman has no right to vote, his vote should be
stricken from the list.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 'This ques-
tion is very unimportant, as it does not affect the
result of the vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. J am in hopes
the rule of the House will be enforced, so that gen-
tlemen, until the result is announced, will keep
away from the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated the
rule of the House. It will be for the House to
determine whether or not the name of the gentle-
man from Virginia be stricken from the list. The
Chair will further state, that it will not change the
result of the vote one way oV the other. Is it the
pleasure of the Hou.se that the name of the gen-
! tleman shall be retained on the record?
' [Cries of " Certainly !" " Certainly
| Mr. STUART. I move to take up a motion to
i reconsider, made by me in January last.
' • PRINTING.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to yield me the floor until I can make
the report irom the Committee on Printing, which
I have been so anxious to submit for several weeks
past.
Mr. STUART. As the gentleman from Indi-
ana, I understand, does not propose to take
action upon that question af this time, but merely
to submit the report, and to postpone its consid-
eration, I yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not propose action now.
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing to
report to the House, " A bill to provide for exe-
cuting the public printing, and establishing the
t prices thereof,and for other purposes.*'
I Mr. G. Desirous of having the House advised
' of the details of the bill, as it comes up for coneid- ,
j eration to-morrow morning, I move that it bo
i printed.
j Mr. CARTTER. Can it be printed to-day?-
I Mr. GORMAN. I will say, in response to the
| gentleman, that I will see it shall be immediately
| printed, and laid upon the desk of each member
to-morrow morning.
