1778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order.
,^I suppose, sir, that this committee reports under
""the 20th joint rule. I wish to call the attention of
the Chair to that rule, and desire to state, that X
consider the committee have no authority to make
a report of this kind. It is not within their prov-
ince or their duty. They, have no more authority
to report this than- to report any other matter
pending before the House.
Mr. GORMAN. If the gentleman -will allow
me, I will relieve him from that difficulty. There
have been referred to that committee various
memorials for the establishment of a printing bu-
reau, others for the adoption of other plans, and a
bill of the Senate introduced into that body by
Senator Clemens, of Alabama. They have all
been considered by the committee, and the bill
which I have reported is the result of their delib-
erations.
Mr. STANLY. The reference of these memo-
rials does not confer authority upon the com-
mittee. "We may refer to them memorials to
alter.the tariff laws, to establish a branch Mint,
to raise an army, and to make appropriations
for roads and canals, but the reference does not
give that committee jurisdiction over them. If
the rules are to be violated in this way, there will
be no end of their violation at all. I want the
decision of the Chair upon that subject as a pre-
cedent for our action hereafter. That committee
have no power to handle this subject further than
this rule is authority. The 20th rule reads as
follows:
"20. A committee, consisting of three members of the
Senate and three members of the House of Representatives,
shall be chosen by their respective Houses, which shall con-
stitute a Coinmirtee on Printing, which shall Have power
to adopt such measures as may he deemed necessary to
remedy any neglect or delay on the part of the contractor to
execute the work ordered by Congress, and to make a pro
rata reduction in the compensation allowed, or to refuse the
work altogether, should it be inferior to the standard ; and
in all cases the contractor and his securities shall be respon-
sible for any increased expenditure consequent upon the
non-performance of the contract. The committee shall
audit and pass upon all accounts for printing; but no bill
shall be acted upon for work that is not actually executed
and dehved, and which they may require to be pioperly
authenticated."
Mr. STANLY. I maintain that under the
rule this committee have no jurisdiction over that
subject. They have to audit merely the accounts
of the public printer, and to take such measures con-
nected with the present public priming, account for
the delay in its execution, and say what shall be
deducted. They have no authority to report a
bill to change the entire law of the land in regard
to the public printing.
The SPEAKER. During the last Congress,
the Committee on Public Printing reported what
was regarded by many gentlemen as a private
claim. The question was then made, as it is now
made by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] that it was not competent for the
Committee on Printingto make such a report. It
was decided, however, that as that subject had
been referred by the House to the committee, it
was clearly in order. The Chair understands
from the statement of the chairman of the com-
mittee, that the matters embracing the provisions
of this bill had been referred to that committee.
Unless the Chair has been misled in regard to the
facts, it seems to me there can be 110 doubt as to
the right of the committee to report the bill.
Mr. HAYEN. The precise point desired to be
made is, not that the committee have not the right
to report upon the subject when it is referred to
them, but that they cannot report now in ad-
vance of the time when they shall be called upon
, for reports.
The SPEAKER. The rule is very clear that
the Committee on Printing may report at any
time.
Mr. HAYEN. The question is not whether
they may not report at any time upon the ordi-
nary business- conferred upon them by law, but
whether they eaii report upon general matters
not pertaining to their duties under the existing
law which may have been referred to them from
time to time? That is the question, I understand.
The SPEAKER. The 21st rule reads thus:
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Printing to re-
port at any time."
There is in this no qualification. The decision
of the Chair is, that it is in order for that commit-
tee to report upon any matter referred to it, or
that they have a right to report upon under the
rule, at any time; and he cannot recognize the dis-
tinction diawn by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Haven.]
Mr. HAVEN. The point supposed to be
made was this: that the rule was made in refer-
ence to the existing law, which declares that the
committee have charge of this business, and ef
seeing that the contract is executed, and that they
might report at any time upon these points. Now,
subsequent to alf this, new duties are charged
upon it, by reference of matter to them 
The SPEAKER. In that immediate connec-
tion the gentleman will allow the Chair to say,
that the reasons which the gentleman gives may
be veiy good why the matter referred to that
committee should not go there; but they do not,
in the opinion of the Chair, furnish a ground for
him to decide against its being in order, that
matter having been referred to that committee.
Mr. xMARSHALL, of Kentucky. It will be
recollected 
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the proposition
now before the House for discussion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] raises a question of order,
and several gentlemen have been indulged in ex-
planations.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there is any matter to be
settled, 1 am perfectly willing for it to proceed. I
am exceedingly anxious, however, to take up and
consider the appropriation bills. But this report
has got in by reason of my having lost the floor
by a privileged question.
Mr. MARSHALL. It will be recollected, as
I stated before 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama calls to order, and debate is not in order,
unless an appeal is taken.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not propose to dis-
cuss a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
North Carolina, (Mr. Stani.y.]
Mr. STANLY. I appeal from that decision,
and ask the yeas arfk nays upon it. If I under-
stand the Chair, a memorial being referred to this
committee gives it power to report a bill at any
time. At that rate they can report a bill for rivers
and harbors—to alter the tariff, or anything else,
at any time.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair is
this: The House has referred to the Committee
011 Printing matter precisely such as is embraced
in the bill. There is a rule authorizing that com-
mittee to report at any time. The Chair, there-
fore, decides that the bill, or report of the commit-
tee, is in order. From this decision thegentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] takes an ap-
peal.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
know whether, under the rules, this subject is
debatable at all.
The SPEAKER. It is debatable, in the opin-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL. Being in order, I will
make a single suggestion.
Mr. STUART. I gave the floor to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Gorman,] to make a re-
port, upon the ground that it would not occupy
any time. If this thing is to be discussed, I
shall feel myself compelled to assume the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuart,] and the whole House, by
common consent, permitted the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Gorman] to make this report. It is
before the House, and it is for the House to de-
termine what they will do with it.
Mr. STUART. But I yielded the floor condi-
tionally for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that the question of order which the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] made,
stopped the making of this report, because his
question of order meets the report at the thresh-
old, as to whether such a report can be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
question of order was made in time to arrest the
report.
Mr. STUART. I ask if I am not entitled to the
floor? [Laughter.] I certainly was recognised
by the Chair, and yielded the floor temporarily to
the gentleman from Indiana. I said to the Chair
and to the House, that inasmuch as the gentleman
from Indiana enly wished to introduce his report,
and not to have any action upoa it, which would
take but a moment, I would yield him the floor
temporarily for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan so stated when he made the report, but a
question of order has been raised upon the report
itself, and the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Marshall] is entitled to the floor. The Chair
does not think it can be taken from him.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not speaking to the question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I propose to speak to the
merits of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I understood the gentleman to
bring up new matter entirely.
Mr. MARSHALL. I intended to makes mo-
tion as soon as I arose, for the reference of this
report, in case the Chair had decided the question
of order, and no appeal had been taken; but when
the-Chair announced that the appeal was debata-
ble, I proposed to make a suggestion upon that
point.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. The Housewillrecollectv
that when the difficulties occurred about the con-
tract with the present public printer, the Com-
mittee on Printing assumed the position that this
House had no right to instruct that committee,
and that by the existing law, and by the constitu-
tion of the committee, they were beyond the power
of the House. - If the Committee on Printing bring
in a bill, and it should be the pleasure of this
House to recommit it to the Committee on Print-
ing with instructions, what is to prevent them at
once from assuming again that this House cannot
instruct them to report a bill,and th|it they would
not do it unless they please? And the very fact
that they have it in their competency, such a
position is evidence of the fact that they have 110
rightto originate legislation; and the House will be
placing itself in the absurd position of permitting a
committee, on memorials referred to it, to intro-
duce general matters of legislation. When this
House acts upon that matter of legislation, and
sends it back to that committee, with instructions
to prepare it in a definite mode, that committee
can return back to the House for reply, that they
are out of the power of the House, and that they
will not obey it. Gentlemen cannot escape from
that conclusion, and this bill ought -not to be
entertained. It will be recollected, upon that'
occasion, that while this Committee on Printing
had the particular matter of the contract under
their supervision, in order to reach the matter of
legislation, this House constituted a special com-
mittee, for the purpose of revising the laws and
reporting a bill. Now, this bill is matter of gen-
eral legislation, as I understand it, upon which a
special committee of this House is now acting. I
suppose that the House will refer the bill, at the
proper time, to the special committee raised by the
House, which has charge of the general subject-
matter embraced in the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
at what time this committee was raised ?
Mr. MARSHALL. It was raised immediately
upon the last report of the Committee on Public
Printing, while that matterwas pending.
Mr. STANTON. It has been nearly two
months ago.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not know how many
months ago.
Mr. STANTON. It has been a considerable
time ago. Do they expect to report this session ?
Mr. MARSHALL. We expect to report this
session. I will state to my colleague, that the
committee has concluded upon the basis of its
report, and will be ready to report as soon as they
can get a scale of prices upon which to base a re-
port. The committee has had no opportunity to
report, as they have not the right to report at any
time. Probably by the time we shall have an op-
portunity to report, we shall be ready to do so.
Mr. DEAN. Is a motion to lay the appeal on
the table debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. DEAN. Then I make the motion to lay
the appeal upon the table.
Mr. STUART. I suppose I can take the floor
now, and go 011 with my business.
My motion will override anything, except a
motion to adjourn. I will never yield the floor
again, unless the terms upon which I yield it are
understeod and adhered to by the Chair and the
