the .congressional globe.
Dec. 1,
Mr CASS. I have been requested to present
the credentials of Chart.es Scmner, a Senator
elect "from the State of Massachusetts.
The credentials were read. . _ ,xr ,
The Hon. Hamilton Fish, Benjamin P. Wade,
Charles T. James, Henry S. Geyer, and Charles
Sumner, then proceeded to the President s seat,
and the usual oath was administered to them.
/contested seat of senator from
florida
/ Mr. MORTON. Mr. President: I beg leave
S * to present to the Senate the certificate of the Gov-
l-J ernor of the State of Florida, certifying the election
of the Hon. Stephen R. Mallory to the Senateof
the United States for the term of six years, com-
mencing on the 4th of March last.
I beg leave, also, to present to the Senatea copy
• of the journal of the House of Representatives of
the State of Florida, showing the proceedings of
the joint meeting of the two Houses of the Le-
gislature on the occasion of the election of a senator
for the term mentioned, and which is claimed by
the Hon. David L. Yklee, as evidence that he
■was elected as the Senator of the State of Florida
for the term commencing on the 4th of March
last. The proceedings are certified by the Secre-
tary of State of Florida.
I have considered it my especial duty to present
to the Senate the claims of each of the gentlemen
to the seat in this body of a Senator from Florida,
for such action as the Senate may think proper,
■without indicating on my part what that action
should be, but simply ask that the papers may be
""The credentials signed by the Governor of
Florida, and the proceedings of the Legislature
in the election of a Senator, extracted from its
journals, certified by the Secretary of State, were
a'The ^RESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression, that inasmuch as it is apparent that
there is a contest for the seat of Senator from
Florida, it is not his province to decide who is
entitled to it. Under ordinary circumstances, he
would ask the gentleman whose credentials are
presented to come forward and take the oatli; but
heretofore some cases have arisen—there was one
of great importance in the case of a Senator from
Rhode Island—in which it was left to the Senate
to decide whether the individual having the certifi-
cate should be qualified and the contest afterwards
go on. It is, therefore, in the opinion of the
Chair a proper subject for the Senate to decide,
as to whether they will admit either gentleman
previous to an investigation by a committee, or
exclude both until after an investigation. The
Chair expresses no opinion on the subject,
although, as-a member of the Senate, he once
gave an opinion in the course of the Rhode Island
case. Another case, although it was not precisely
like this, is that of Mr. Lanman of Connecticut,
who was not permitted to take his seat because
the Governor of Connecticut appointed him when
he had no right to appoint, the Legislature having
been in session after the vacancy and before the
appointment. The cases are not similar.
The Chair trusts that the Senate will take some
action in the matter, in order that the question
may be decided, so that he may ascertain whether
it is his duty to administer the oath to the gentle-
* p man who received the certificate or not.
Mr. BRIGHT. In order to reach the facts m
this case in as condensed a form as possible, I
move that the credentials of the Senator elect,
together with the extract from the journals of the
Florida Legislature, be referred to a select com-
mittee of five.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, for one, I cannot
vote for that motion. I think the case is perfectly
clear, according to the usage existing in every de-
liberative body of which I have any knowledge.
Mr. Mallory comes here with a credential in due
form, affording prima facie evidence of his right
to the seat which he claims. There is presented
at the same time, and I must say informally, in
my judgment, proceedings behind the credentials
which took place in the legislative body. I say
they are informally presented, because it appears
to me that thev could only be legitimately offered
at the time when the gentleman contesting the seat
of Mr Mallory should choose to present a peti-
tion claiming that seat. Tinder these circum-
stances, but for the motion already made, 1 should
move at ohce that the oath of office be adminis-
tered to Mr. Mallory.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi: I hope that, un-
der the circumstances, the honorable Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Bright] wilLnot press his motion.
I understand that a very recent precedent has been
supplied by this body in suppbrt 6f the viewyust
announced by the honorable Senator from l^-(*n-
tucky, [Mr. Clay.] I certainly should have made
the motion suggested by him, but that I waited, 1
thought with due deference, for some older mem-
ber of the Senate to make some motion. It seems
to me that my friend from Indiana will not hesi-
tate, after this explanation, to withdrw his motion,
that the other motion may take its place. 1 think
the Senator whose credentials have been pie- I
sented, should be permitted to take his seat until i
some contest arises which may oust him there- \
from. , ,,.l
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, the public ,
papers have advised us of the existence of this
controversy, and I presume it has engaged the at-
tention ana occupied the reflection of themembeis
of the Senate. In my view of the subject, it is a
case altogether without precedent. I think 'Wither
of the cases which have been mentioned aftord a
precedent which can properly guide and direct us
on this occasion. In the case of Mr. Lanman,
there was no party contesting; but upon the face
of the case there was a manifest assumption of
authority not conferred by the Constitution upon
the Executive of a State. The Senate, therefore,
of itself, took that subject into consideration, and
decided that Mr. Lanman was not entitled to a
seat. That case, I apprehend, was entirely differ-
ent from the present. .
A word now as to the Rhode Island case—the
case of Robbins and Potter. The credentials of
Mr. Robbins, holding a certificate from the Gov-
ernor of the State, had been presented at a session
anterior to that at which he proposed to take his
seat. When the time for the meeting of Congress
arrived, Mr. Potter came, presenting a similar cer-
tificate of his subsequent election by the Legisla-
ture, founded upon the assumption, by this second
Legislature, of the invalidity of the act of the first.
It was in that state of facts that the question was ,
presented to the Senate. Relying upon the fact .
that Mr. Robbins's credentials had been received ;
and read in the Senate and placed upon their files, j
and upon the consideration that after the 4th of j
March subsequent to such reception of the ere- ;
dentials, Mr. Robbins, holding this prima facie .
evidence of his election, would have been entitled j
to his seat, the Senate determined that he should j
be permitted to take the oath as a member of the
i Senate, and the subject was then referred to a com-
i mittee to ascertain the validity of the claims of the
respective parties. But here, sir, is a case in
which two parties present themselves, claiming a
seat in the Senate of the United States. The
Question of the right of either of these gentlemen
to that seat is a question, the obligation to decide
which is imposed by the Constitution upon us It
is impossible to transfer this authority to any
functionary. The Governor of the State of r lor-
ida has granted a certificate in the form of a com-
mission, testifying to the election of one of these
individuals. The proceedings of the Legislature
upon which that certificate of the Governor is
founded, and coincidence with which is absolutely
indispensable to give to that certificate an y validity
whatever, are before us. Without doubt it is the
usage of the Senate to allow to the certificate of
the Governor this prima fade, effect. But what is
prima facie evidence ? Of what validity is prima
facie evidence in the face of evidence which is pie-
luciioe in   -    -- j-
nary? I beg not to be understood as expressing
any opinion upon the effect of the facts which are
disclosed in those proceedings. I am answering
the suggestion, that the certificate of the Goveinoi
is prima facie evidence which imposes upon the
Senate the obligation to admit the person in whose
favor the certificate has been granted, to a seat. I
say this has been the usage uniformly where an
individual presents the certificate of the Governor
of a State, and no party appears to contest his
claim: it is received as prima facie evidence, and
the prima facie evidence becomes absolute in the
absence of any contradictory evidence. _ Here,
however, you have the evidence upon which the
certificate was founded, and you have here another
individual claiming that upon that plenary evi-
1 dence which he submits he is the Senator elect \
from Florida. Can you recede from your obliga-
tions under the Constitution- to decide between
these -conflicting claims ? Can you transfer to the
Governor of the State of Florida the right, and
throw upon him the responsibility of deciding
facts which are before you, and which the Con-
stitution makes it your duty to decide? Prima,
facie evidence may be allowed, in its effect, to be-
come conclusive in the absence of plenary evidence;
but hereis that plenary evidence, here are those facts
authenticated before you, upon which the contest-
ant claims his seat in this body , and upon which
he denies the validity of the certificate by the Gov-
ernor. Then it is no longer to be considered as
prima facie evidence which entitles the party hold-
ing it to anything resulting from its force and
effect, till it is compared with the plenary evidence,
and you have decided upon that. At the first elec-
tion which took place, there appears to have been
cast twenty-nine votes for one gentlemen and
twenty-nine blanks. The question which that rec-
ord presents is, whether these blanks are votes—
whether the party receiving these twenty-nine
votes was the sole nominee on that occasion.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I rise to a point
of order. With great respect and kindness for
the honorable gentleman, it does seem to me that
he is discussing the merits of the case, whereas
the question at present is, I believe, only upon
what has been the usage of the Senate in such
cases. I make this suggestion with great defer-
ence; but the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Georgia may give rise to controversy.
The PRESIDENT. The question before the
Senate is on referring to a select committee of
five.
Mr. BERRIEN. Unquestionably: and that is
met by the suggestion that the prima facie evidence
afforded by the certificate ought to control the
action of the Senate so far as to entitle one of these
gentlemen to be sworn in. I am endeavoring to
show my own view of the propriety of that sug-
gestion—my own view of the proposition that this
is to be considered prima facie evidence leading to
such a result under the existing circumstances of
the case—and I submit to you, sir, that I am per-
fectly in order, and arguing the question with the
same strictness with which I should be required
to discuss it before a judicial tribunal.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I will withdraw
the point if the Senator desires to proceed.
Mr. BERRIEN. If, in the view of the Chair,
I have departed from the rules of order, I will
cheerfully acquiesce.
The PRESIDENT., The Senator from Georgia
will proceed.
Mr. BERRIEN. Sir, the single question pre-
sented to our consideration is the validity of the
first election. I say, the single question which
must ultimately be presented to the consideration
of the Senate is the validity of that first election;
because if that first election be valid, all the sub-
sequent acts, whether legislative or executive,
must be invalid. And therefore to allow to the
certificate of a Governor, founded on those facts
which are in evidence, such an effect as would
destroy the validity of that first election to a cer-
tain extent before the Senate has inquired into it,
would in my judgment be a manifest error.
Sir, I did not rise for the purpose of discussing
this question, and I should not perhaps have gone
so far in the observations which I have made but
for the suggestion of a departure on my part from
the rules of order. I depart not from the order of
the discussion. I maintain, according to my view
of the subject, that the prima facie evidence afford-
ed by the certificate granted by the Governor is so
far controlled by the exemplification of the legis-
lative record, that it would be improper for the
Senate to act on this subject so as to advance the
interest either of one or the other of these parties,
until an investigation shall have been had by a
select committee upon the plenary evidence now
before us which, in deciding the question the Sen-
ate must ultimately decide, the validity of the first
election, will, if that validity be affirmed, relieve
the Senate from the consideration of all other
questions.
Mr. FOOTE, of Mississippi. I stated before
my own recollection of a very recent precedent in
this body. I find my recollection to be that of
every member of the body with whom I have had
a consultation. It was the case of a Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] His right to hi  seat was
