1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
Mr. MILLSON. That was my purpose in
rising-, that the bill may be printed and then go
over.
Mr. BAYLY. My colleague [Mr. Millson]
says this solitary confinement injures the consti-
tution of the sailor. I wish to inquire whether
the biil does not provide that if the surgeon who
is on board all our vessels shall certify that the
health of the prisoner is suffering, he shall be re-
leased ? I know- that the provision is in the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. My colleague misappre-
hends me. I did not say that the punishment by
solitary confinement injured, the constitution of
the sailor. I said I had seen it stated in scientific
works and reports, in petitions addressed to legis-
lative bodies, that punishment by solitary confine-
ment frequently gave such a shock to the human
reason as utterly to overthrow ii.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, let me inquire of
my colleague, whether by the laws of Virginia a
part of the punishment for certain offenses in our
penitentiaries is not solitary confinement for a
short period ? And has he ever heard of persons
there being1 injured by it?
Mr. MILLSON. I am aware that a part of the
punishment of certain persons sent to the peniten-
tiary is by the laws of the State of Virginiasolitary
confinement, at the discretion of the jud^e. The
judge is to determine the length of the time, and that
time is generally divided during the whole period
of impusonment, so as to ha\e the convictkept in
solitaiy confinement but a short time at any one
period. I would suggest, however, that in these
cases the guilt of the prisoner is ascertained by a
jury. Now, what I am attempting to enforce
upon the House is this: where the crime is so fla-
grant as justly to deserve punishment by solitary
confinement, it ought not to be placed within the
jurisdiction of any one man, whoever he may be.
Mr. STANLY. i want to make this sugges-
tion. with the consent of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. I suggest that he had better refer this bill
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with instruc-
tions to provide that seamen in every country shall
have the right of a presentment by a grand-jury,
and a trial by jury, and that no free white man
shall wear double-irons; and that all the peniten-
tiary men in the country shall be taken out for ex-
ercise, and rode out, now and then, at the public
expense. [Laughter.] I have 110 doubt that such
a provision will be acceptable to some of the fas-
tidious gentlemen who object to this bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I can only say, that if the
gentleman desires such a movement to be made,
he is entitled to all the credit of its originality; and
if he desires to make such a motion, he ought not
to be deprived of the privilege of carrying it into
effect.
I desire to say, however, that I shall be happy
to hear any suggestions. I rose in good faith. I
desire that the bill should pass in some shape. I
am ready to receive any suggestions made in good
faith, as the most suitable mode of effecting this
purpose. My main object is, to produce the re-
sult which the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Staxtly] and myself both deem desirable;
for, upon consultation with him, we both agreed
as to the importance of establishing a summary
court-martial in the Navy, for the purpose of try-
ing those offences which were too light to go be-
fore a general court-martial.
Mr. STANLY. 1 want that now.
Mr. MILLSON. Well, if the gentleman from
North Carolina, or any other gentleman, will give
any suggestions by which my object may be fa-
cilitated, I will most gladly hear them.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I make this
suggestion. If the House will reconsider the vote
by which the bill was rejected, and then reconsider
the vote by which the till was ordered to be read
a third time, then let it pass over till Monday, and
allow the bill in the mean time to be printed'; any
amendment could then be made which the House
might desire. I hope the proceedings will take
that course.
Mr. MILLSON. There seems to be a difficulty
upon the point of order. I do not understand that
if we reconsider the vote by which the bill passed,
that it will then become necessary to reconsider
also the vote by which the main question was or-
dered to be put.
The SPEAKER. If the proposition to recon-
sider goes over till Monday it will come up in its
regular order.
Mr. MILLSON. In reference to the other
question, as i was saying, if this vote be recon-
sidered, it surely cannot be necessary to reconsid-
er the vote by which the mam question was or-
dered to be put. That vote has done its office.
The House ordered that the main question sh^ll
be put, and that order has been executed, for the
main question was put.
^ The SPEAKER. That question has been va-
riously decided by former Speakers of this body.
The present incumbent of the chair has decided
that it is necessary to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered. In other
words, if the vote by which the bill was rejected
be reconsidered, it becomes necessary to reconsid-
er the vote by which the main question was or-
dered to be put, in order to reach the reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill was ordered to
its thin! reading. That, however, m the option
of the chair, can be done on Monday next, or at
any other time as well as to-day.
Mr. MILLSON. I then submit the motion to
reconsider, and move that it go over until Mon-
day next, and that in the meantime the bill and j
amendment be ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The proposition to recon-
sider the vote goes over, and in the mean time the
bill is ordered to be printed, is that objected to?
Mr. EVANS. 1 do not intend to object to it.
I wish to speak to the motion to reconsider. Of
course I do not wish to object to any such reason-
able proposition as that.
The SPEAKER. The discussion of it will be
substantially an objection.
Mr. EVANS. Then 1 will object, and speak
to it, and afterwards withdraw my objection when
i get through
The rejection of this bill is the offspring of the
misdirected philanthropy of these times, which,
instead of expending itself m sympathy with up-
right men who observe the laws, goes seeking
abroad in prisons, and in places set apart for the
punishment of the vicious, for the purpose of tam-
pering with condemned profligates, and sometimes
raises itself to the pitch of exaltation of feeding
prisoners and other criminals upon poundcake.
That is a policy to which 1 am opposed. There
are gentlemen m this House who declare that they
will inflict no such punishment as is specified in
this bill, except for crimes. Well, sir, mutiny
and insubordination on board a vessel-of-wur, or
on board of any vessel whatever upon the high
seas, are the highest crimes. These are crimes
which peril the lives of every one who is on board
of that vessel. These are crimes which may de-
vote every person on board that ship to the spe*
diest destruction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not belong, I believe,
to that class of individuals who have been denom-
inated "Old Fogies." I am in favor of all proper,
prudent, rational reform; that which protects and
conserves, in its onward movement, the institu-
tions and liberties of my country, and does not
peril both for fanciful and imaginary good. No,
sir, I am not an "Old Fogy." I am not one j
of those who, if they had stood at the creation, j
in the presence of the Almighty, I speak it ;
reverently, would have exclaimed, " O/t, man i
Dieu! conset'vons le chaos." I am not one of those j
persons who would have asked, in place of the !
beautiful and beneficent creation, which is the
work of a bountiful Benefactor, of a just and be-
nign Creator, that the institution of chaos might
be preserved. But I am opposed to much of this
modern philanthropy, this impatience of all just
-subordination and restraint, which is runningabout,
betraying itself even in the Halls of Congress, for
the purpose of enlisting sympathy for those who
are little deserving of it.
I had the pleasure of hearing the other day,
from an old officer in the Navy, a gentleman of
the highest character—I will not mention his name,
for it is not necessary—a firm Democrat—I make
that declaration, for it may add weight here to
his declarations and opinions—who has held that
faith from his first manhood to the present time—
a surgeon, and therefore not one of those officers !
whose pleasure it is, as is very unjustly asseited j!
of some persons having command, to inflict pun-j
ishment upon the seamen m our public vessels of [,
war—I say I heard from him that it would be dan-
gerons to lay an American vessel alongside of a |.
vessel of a foreign nation, in actual war; thatinsub- ;i
ordination has reached such an extreme that the u
j Sailors on board our vessels of war are dailyand
j habitually accustomed to use the foulest and most
i profane, and even the most licentious, language
1 to their officers, and that there is no punishment
for it.
| Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting,) made
' a remark entirely inaudible to the reporter.
| Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from Virginia
j [Mr. Bayly] calls my attention to the case of a
I sailor who threw a missile at his commanding offi-
j £er> and. 1 do not wonder at it, for-insubordination
, has run not, and seems likely only to work its
] own cure by some flagrant outbreak, which shall
shock the sense of the whole nation.
| And now, sir, it strikes me, as a circumstance
not a little extraordinary, that the moral feelin°"
] of gentlemen should be so exceedingly shocked
j at the proposition in this bill to mark the word
i (t thief, upon a felon's sleeve for ten days; it is
, called a badge of ignominy, a mark of disgrace;
; and some members are horror-stricken at the very
proposal. Sir, it is a mark of ignominy and dis-
grace, and well deserved by those who may wear
it. But why ail this philanthropic horror? Are not
badges, much more ignominious, bestowed upon
thieves in many of the States, without shocking
any sensibility, or even exciting any remark. I
have heard that in the Legislature of Kentucky
a proposition has been introduced, todyeone half
I of each convict's face as permanent a black as
; possible, and to renew the same from time to time,
| as often as need may require. Now, there the
'felon undergoes his punishment by confine ment
1 in the penitentiaiy, and by hard labor, and gets
; the japan brand in addition; and yet we hear noth-
' ing of an indignant community; no tears are shed,
no sighs wasted.
But when this bill proposes that a thief on ship-
i board shall wear a little piece of flannel upon his
j sleeve, with the word " thief," worked upon it,
! without the accompanying punishment of solitary
i confinement and hard labor, or at most, with a
| confinement of thirty days, our philanthropic sen-
; sibihties rise to fever heat, and we are seized with
| spasms of virtuous indignation.
[ In any State of the Union, a fellow who steals
' something is thought worthy of going to the peni-
tentiary; but if he happen to be a thief who has
, smuggled himself into a ship, under the pretense
: that he is a sailor—for true sailors never steal—
; and there commits larceny, it is a great degrada-
j tion if he be condemned for ten days to wear a
1 piece of flannel with his true name worked upon
j it. The Legislature of Kentucky 1 say, proposed
j in such cases to blacken the criminal's face; but I
; do not know whether they passed the bill or not,
' but my friend from Kentucky (pointing to Mr.
! Marshall) knows.
j Now, sir, let us for a moment consider who the
| sailors are, in our Navy. During the last war
j there was no navy in the world that had such
j crews as our own.
| When the " Constitution" went to sea, she had
on board of her many men serving in subordinate
capacities, who had commanded ships; a stern but
kindly discipline enforced the rights and duties of
every man; no foul, insolent, and licentious lan-
guage then marked the manner of the true Ameri-
can tar towards his superior officer; each heart
beat with a noble desire to vindicate the rights of
American sf-amen, and to uphold the honor, the
glory, and the dignity of his country. Ma^k the
result. Your flag was borne triumphantly over
every sea under heaven, and yet we had order, dis-
cipline, subordination, even flogging in that day:
all which in this day of progress is sneered at, and
derided as quite antiquated and out of fashion.
In that day the majonty of our crews, despite the
assertions of our enemies to the contraiy, were
American sailors, with some gallant and true-
hearted naturalized seamen among them, who
fought nobly for their adopted country, against a
proud, imperious, and heretofore triulViphant ad-
versary. But now, sir, it is doubtful whether
American and naturalized seamen compose a tithe
of the crews of our men-of-war, or of our mer-
chant ves-sels. I want gentlemen to understand
this, and that it may be spread abroad throughout
the country, that the sailors on boaid of our men-
of-war are composed, m a considerable measure,
of non-naturalized foreigneis, and they not the
best of sailors, but many of them, I am sorry to
say it, and the true tar deplores it as much as I
do, of worthless men, scandalous jail-birds, men
