1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL tfLOSE.
July 14,
Committee of the Whole shall again resume the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has just
stated, that this bill has been under discussion for
several weeks, but it is well known there has been
no debate aa yet upon the merits of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That has not been my fault.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The previous
question has not been called, and with the ja;entie-
man's consent, I move the debate be terminated
upon the bill in one hour after the committee shall
have again resumed its consideration. I hope no
one will interfere, but let tne chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have the floor for that
hour, that the Committee on Indian Affairs may
be heard.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to agiee to
that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to that amendment
being made now; and I will state my reasons for
the objection. As the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, I can state to the House that
there are questions which must arise upon that
appropriation bill which will demand debate; and
those questions cannot be discussed under the five
minutes rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the gentleman's con-
sent, I will modify my resolution, so that it will
read that debate on the Indian appropriation bill
be terminated one hour after the committee shall
agafn resume its consideration. I do not want an
hour to soeak. it is my great desire to progress
with the business of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must appeal to the House.
That is not satisfactory.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to further debate,
unless it is declared to be in order.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not debate the ques-
tion, but we must be heard, if possible, upon this
subject. I move that debate be closed within four
hours after the committee shall again resume the
consideration of the bill. There are two speeches
which will hti^e to be made upon the subject.
Upon my motion I demand the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded;
and the main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. CONGEIt. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
•nd nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were refused—there being,
upon a division, ayes 10, noes 123.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. Johnson's amendment was then agreed to,
and the resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
whicli motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the Indian ap-
propriation bill was taken up for consideration.
Mr. FITCH. Mr. Chairman, certain matters
have been referred to the Indian Committee, of
which I am a member, and the only opportunity
we will have to report upon them, or any fact
connected with them, will be during the pendency
of this general Indian appropriation bill. I desire,
therefore, now to call the attention of the com-
mittee to one of these matters, which can only be
discussed under the hour rule, as there are so
many collaterals connected with it, as to preclude
the possibility of throwing that light upon it
during the five minutes debate which the subject
admits, and justice demands. I will be as brief as
possible, my only object being to convince the
members of this committee of the correctness of
the views which I myself entertain in relation to
the matter.
It is not a pleasant task for metoadvocate what
is ordinarily called a claim, and yet such is the
character of what I am about to move as an amend-
ment in the Indian appropriation bill, and about
to discuss. It js a claim, however, not of an in-
dividual character, but onepresented by a nation,
or part of a nation, of Indians. It has already
been discussed at some length by the chairman of
th« committee, [Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas,] but
unsuccessfully, as the order which had previously
been adopted by the House stopped debate, and
cut him off from most of his explanation. I send
the amendment to the Clerk's desk, and desire it
read.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
For liquidated balance found due the Creek Indians for
losses sustained during the last war with Great Britain by
that portion of the tribe that was friendly to and cooperated
with the United States in accordance with the promise of
the Government, §110,417 90; to be paid by the United
States agent for the Creek Indians to those individuals now
living, and the legal representatives of those deceased, who
are entitled to receive the same per capita-
At the risk of some repetition I shall briefly
allude to the origin 'of the claim which the amend-
ment proposes to pay. As you know, Mr. Chair-
man, it originated in the so-called Red-stick war,
which was a part and parcel of the war of 1812
and 1813. In that war the great body of the
Creek Indians took part against us. They were
allies of the English, and enemies to us. A por-
tion of them, however, remained faithful to their
peace stipulation with the American people, and
fought in our ranks, making our enemies, though
their own countrymen, their enemies. They
thereby subjected themselves to depredations upon
the part of the hostile Creeks, who esteemed them
not only enemies, but, as our allies, traitors to
their own people, and manifested their anger by
destroying their villages, their crops, and their
stock. At the close of that war, General Pinck-
ney being in command in that quarter, was di-
rected to treat with the hostile Creeks, and certain
instructions were sent to him by which it was
supposed he would be governed. Those instruc-
tions were dated the 17th of March, 1814. They
were to procure—
" 1st. An indemnification for tile expenses incurred by
the United States in*prosecuting the war by such cession
or cesMons of land as may be deemed an equivalent for said
expense**.
"2d. Astipulation on their part that they will cease all
intercourse with any Spanish post, garrison, town, &e.
" 3d- An acknowledgment of a rightin the United States
to open roads thiough their country, to navigate waters and
streams within the same," See.
These instructions, as already remarked, were
dated the 17th of March, 1814. Three days there-
after, on the 20th of March, the Secretary of War
seems to have reconsidered them, and wrote to
General Pmckney " that the proposed treaty with
' the Creeks should take a form altogether military,
' and be in the nature of a capitulation, in which
' case the whole authority of making and conclud-
' ing the terms will rest with yon exclusively. In this
' transaction, should it take place, Colonel Haw-
' kins, as agent, may be usefully employed."
General Pinckney, then, had plenipotentiary pow-
ers—the terms were to be such as he might pre-
scribe—such as his judgment could approve, irre-
spective of any previous instructions from the
Department. General Pinckney, with these ample
powers conferred upon him, and having associated
with him Colonel Hawkins, proceeded to make
known to the hostile Greeks, through those who
had been friendly, the terms upon which a " capit-
ulation" or treaty could be made. He promised
to the friendly Indians, furthermore, that they
should be indemnified for their loss of stock, and for
the injuries they had sustained by the depredations
commuted upon them by their hostile bretlwen,
and that m taking land from the hostiles to indem-
nify Government for the expenses of the war, the
territorial rights of the friendly Indians should be
respected. In conformity with these principles
and promises, the commencement of this stipula-
tion was had; but before its completion General
Jackson superseded General Pinckney. He (Gen-
eral Jackson) was instructed on the 24th of May
to carry out the arrangement which General Pinck-
ney had commenced. General Jackson conse-
quently perfected this capitulation, but not upon
the terms of the promise which had been made,
or the principles which had been promulgated by
General Pinckney, so far as the friendly Creeks
were concerned.
In the letter of May 24th, 1814, of the Secre-
tary of War to General Jackson, reference is made
to the instructions which had been sent to Gen-
era! Pinckney. The instructions of 17th March,
were doubtless those alluded to, and not the sub-
sequent letter of the 20th, putting the treaty upon
the basis of capitulation, and giving General Pinck-
ney plenipotentiary powers; and therefore Gen-
eral Jackson supposed he had no authority under
these instructions to liquidate the claims of the
friendly Creeks for depredations. He accordingly,
so far from making a provision for these claims
out of the lands which he obtained by the treaty
from the hostile Creeks, refused to take them any
further into consideration than to make known ta
the President the wish of the friendly Creeks, that
they should be investigated and paid, in accord- ,
ance with General Pinckney's promise. In making
the treaty, .General Jackson did not confine him-
self to merely obtaining from the hostile Creeks a
certain amount of land to indemnifyus for the ex-
penses of the war, but, governed altogether in the
act by political considerations, he took likewise
eight milion acres of land belonging to the friendly
Creeks. He did this for the purpose of insuring
the observance, by the Indians, of the second item
of the instructions to General Pinckney—the one
requiring the Indians to abstain from " all inter-
course with any Spanish post, garrison, or town."
The Spanish authorities were then in possession of
Florida; and the eight million acres taken from the
friendly Indians intervened between the remainder
of the Indian possessions and that Territory, cut-
ting the Indians off fi'om access to it. He thus
did it for good reasons—reasons, indeed, which,
when explained to the friendly Creeks, they ac-
quiesced in, although they protested against the
disregard of their claim.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] allow me to in-
terrupt him a moment? He has fallen into an
error, that the Indians acquiesced in this arrange-
ment. They always protested against it, and you
will find their protest in the American Archives.
They did not acquiesce in it; and it was a most
outrageous transaction, by which we took eight
million acres of land from these friendly Creeks,
the allies of the United States, who fought with
us and for us against their own tribe of Indians,
as indemnity for the war. It is as gross an outrage
as was ever'committed.
Mr. FITCH." I have the Archives to which the
gentleman alludes. I do not understand from
them that the friendly Indians willingly consented
to the surrender of their land, but they acquiesced
in it as a necessity from which they saw no appa-
rent escape. The reason was explained to them,
and they submitted, with a protest against'the
non-payment of their claim, and a* protest further-
more against the capitulation which compelled
them to the surrender of their territory, The
Indians unwillingly assented to the treaty, and
only signed it upon General Jackson's promise
to forward ®the President General Pinckney 'a
promise that their claims should be paid out of the
proceeds of this land, or otherwise. These prom-
ises, in their estimation, constituted a part of the
treaty. They drew up a statement relative to their
claims, dated the 9th of August, 1814, a day or
two after the treaty was completed, and insisted
upon its being forwarded with the treaty.
We learn by a letter from Colonel Hawkins to
the War Department, dated August 1st, 1815,
(American Archives,) that the Speaker (Indian)
said:
"Before fie signed any papers with him, [General Jack-
son,] as he would not .admit their claims in the treaty, he
should make and sign a paper expressive of them, and who
were the masters of the land."
Accordingly, on the 9th August, (1814,) this
paper was drawn up and signed, and " the Speaker
'urged it should be sent on with the treaty, which
' they were about to sign, to which he annexed
' the letters of the 23d and 25th April, between Gen-
' eral Pinckney and Colonel Hawkins."
These letters contained the promises to the
friendly Indians of remuneration for th'e depreda-
tions committed by the hostiles—the promises we
are now endeavoring to have redeemed.
Colonel Hawkins further says: " The docu-
' ment of the 9th is what, in fact, the chiefs call
1 their part of the treaty."
That statement, according to their ideas, con-
stituted a part of the treaty as binding upon the
Government as any other part of it. The claims
alluded to in it are those on which payment is now
asked. It will be remembered that two distinct
I promises were made by General Pinckney to the
friendly Indians—first, that their claims should be
paid; second, their territorial rights should be re-
spected. I have shown the hitherto non-redemp-
tion of the first promise, and that the second wai
violated for political reasons. I have shown that
